AJEET KUMAR 
THAKUR
Digitally signed by AJEET 
KUMAR THAKUR 
Date: 2026.06.02 11:35:10 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
“BCL Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
 
          
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJINDER MITTAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
BCL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. VARUN GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
BCL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA SEN – INVESTOR RELATIONS – GO INDIA 
ADVISORS 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITIN AWASTHI – INCRED EQUITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to BCL Industries Q4 and Full Year FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by InCred Equities. This conference call may contain forward-
looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Thank you. From BCL Industries, we have their MD, Mr. Rajinder Mittal; and their CEO, Mr. 
Varun Gupta. Also from Go India Advisors, their IR, we have Priya Sen. I would now like to 
invite the management to initiate the opening proceedings, post which we shall open the floor 
for a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Varun Gupta: 
Thank you, Mr. Awasthi. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to BCL Industries 
Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us today. Let me begin 
with a brief overview on the industry environment. India's ethanol blending program has 
emerged as a strategic priority for the government, particularly amid the ongoing geological 
tensions and conflicts in West Asia. The need for energy security has never been as crucial as in 
the present situation. Against this backdrop, several authorities have commenced key policy 
discussions surrounding the possibility of moving beyond E20 mandate. 
Various government bodies, including ARAI and Niti Aayog are evaluating higher ethanol 
blends and flex fuel adoption, which we believe will continue to support long-term demand for 
biofuel and ethanol. The government is laying the groundwork for moving beyond E20 mandate 
by evaluating higher pet coal blend standards such as E30 under BIS norm, along with proposed 
amendments to central motor vehicle rules to formally incorporate E85 and E100 ethanol 
blended fuel, enabling flex fuel vehicle adoption.  
These initiatives are expected to significantly strengthen ethanol demand from OMCs over 
medium to long term. That said, even with the lower-than-expected ethanol allocation, BCL 
Industries was able to maintain near full capacity utilization by leveraging its integrated and 
flexible distillery operations across ENA, S and ethanol production. However, as more of 
production was diverted towards ENA and SBF, realization remained under pressure due to the 
highly competitive pricing environment in the market. 
Despite this environment, BCL Industries delivered a resilient operational performance during 
FY26, supported by strong execution, efficient operations and continued focus on the capacity 
expansion. A major milestone during the quarter is the completion of the additional 150 KLPD 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
grain-based distillery unit at Bathinda. We have received all the clearances and approval and the 
plant is under testing phase. By the end of this quarter, we hope to commence production at the 
rated capacity. With this, our total installed capacity would stand at 900 KLPD. 
This expansion strengthens our position against the leading grain-based distillery players in India 
and enhances our ability to capitalize on future industry tailwinds. We are continuously investing 
on our cost-saving measures and enhancing our operational efficiency. We are one of the few 
distilleries in India to have adopted the use of paddy straw as a fuel source. To that extent, we 
have installed another 55 tonnes per our paddy straw boiler that has enabled us to meet 100% of 
our steam and power requirements, further strengthening our operating margins.  
This year also marked a significant step for the company towards strengthening product 
offerings within the PML category. We launched Punjab Special Whiskey in glass bottle giving 
it a premium look, enhancing the brand's overall appeal and positioning. Further, we also 
launched Punjab Raspberry, a new addition to our product portfolio in this segment. We have 
sold almost 4.5 lakh cases in  Q4 FY26, which is up by 20% year-on-year. We are seeing healthy 
demand of the product, and we are optimistic about the performance of this segment going 
forward. 
Let me now touch upon the Edible Oil business. This financial year, we have exited from the 
packaged edible oil business. However, we continue to operate the soft oil refinery and the 
trading businesses. Despite the exit from the packaged oil business, FY26 revenue has remained 
largely in line with FY25 levels. This is attributed to the fact that we have generated decent top 
line from the soft oil refinery and the trading business and the sustained growth of distillery 
business. 
Going forward, BCL continues to evaluate further growth opportunities. We remain on track for 
proposed additional 250 KLPD distillery expansion at our Fatehabad plant in Haryana, which 
would be undertaken in line with the evolving industry landscape and policy implementation. It 
would take nearly two years to commission and by that time, favorable policies would be 
implemented. 
Further, the acquisition of the remaining 25% stake in Svaksha Distillery is getting executed as 
per the planned time line and is expected to be completed by the end of June 2026, following 
which Svaksha Distillery will become a wholly owned subsidiary of BCL Industries Limited. 
Now moving on to the financial results. For FY26, BCL Industries reported total revenue of 
INR2,913 crores. EBITDA stood at INR251 crores, up by 18% year-on-year, with EBITDA 
margin improving by 130 basis points year-on-year to 8.6%. 
PAT for the quarter came in at INR126 crores, up by 23% year-on-year with a PAT margin of 
4.3%. On the operational front, ENA and SBF volumes for FY26 increased sharply by nearly 
74% year-on-year to 53,000 KL, primarily driven by higher diversion towards ENA production 
amid lower ethanol allocation. 
Ethanol volume stood at almost 190,000 KL in FY26, while our distillery EBITDA margin 
improved to 11.03%, supported by better cost efficiency and operational flexibility. The refinery 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
business reported revenue of under INR749 crores with EBITDA margin of 3.74% in FY26. 
Overall, we believe BCL Industries remains well positioned, supported by strategic capacity 
expansion and continued focus on efficiency and backward integration. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Sir, are we open for question and answer? 
Varun Gupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Harshit from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Harshit: 
Yes. Just wanted to understand like what is your revenue and EBITDA outlook for FY27 and 
FY28? 
Varun Gupta: 
The revenue for FY27 and FY28 you were asking. So we are expecting to see the growth in 
revenue with the coming new additional capacity of 150 KLPD. So from that, if we run that at 
100% utilization, we are expecting somewhere around INR300 crores from that 150 KLPD unit. 
Harshit: 
Right. And EBITDA margins? 
Varun Gupta: 
EBITDA margins we will try to maintain the similar EBITDA margins because with this 
additional 150 KLPD unit, our overhead would remain the same and profitability would 
increase. So yes, we are seeing the similar EBITDA margins going forward. Rather, there would 
be improvement in the EBITDA margin. 
Harshit: 
Right. Sir, the 150 capacity that we have put up, so what is the utilization expectation for, like 
would we be able to utilize 100% in the first year itself? Or how would it go? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
No. You see that the 150 KLPD capacity will not be utilized fully to the extent that we have 
been operating this 400 KLPD plant full stock for the last 4-5 years. So we did not have any time 
to, you can say, for yearly maintenance. So with this commissioning of that, that will help us 
that there will be no drop in the production and we'll be able to meet the market demand. Also, 
the additional demand is also coming from the overseas and other private players with the 
increase in the crude prices. 
Earlier, the ethanol blending was not so much profitable for the OMC. It was just a binding upon 
them. Now they are using it with pleasure because they are earning, you can say, substantial 
amount as compared to the increase in the crude prices. So, our expectation is that we'll be able 
to atleast utilize the 75% of the capacity starting from the second quarter. 
Harshit: 
Starting from the, sorry? 
Varun Gupta: 
Second quarter. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
From the second quarter. So by at least June, our testing period is going on and another 15 days 
trial production will commence and we should be able to operate the plant at the rated capacity 
by first week of July. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Harshit: 
Right, sir. Understood. And my second question is regarding EBITDA, right? So in our distillery 
business, you did an EBITDA of 11.8% in Q4. So is it something that we think that we will be 
able to maintain this margin? Or how do you see the EBITDA going forward for our distillery 
business? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So that this EBITDA margins will not go down as per our expectations. But you can say you 
cannot commit anything except agro-based commodity market and commodities are subject to 
various risks like going up and down. But see that we have shielded our company to have this 
constant EBITDA margins, as mentioned in the opening speech of putting up a rice straw boiler 
where we have shielded from this high fuel cost as of now the other distilleries are having. 
So, and with the increase in the capacity, our overheads still remain the same. And with the, you 
can say, consolidation of this vegetable oil business, from one unit to this present unit where we 
have got power and steam in hand with the overheads coming down, the finance cost coming 
down, I think we will be able to maintain or rather improve the EBITDA margin of 11.8%. 
Harshit: 
All right, understood. Because sir, one of the peer was saying ethanol business, they will do 12% 
to 15% EBITDA. So was just getting some clarity on that, that's all. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
You see that they might be right. If we have got the 100% allocation, then EBITDA margins 
could be as high as 15% as the peers were indicating to you. But as we mentioned that about 
50% of the flexible capacity is on account of ENA and the Specially Denatured Spirit we are 
catering the farm landers there, demand where the prices are subject to the raw material prices. 
So we don't get that kind of a fixed margin. And this ethanol business, you sometimes lose that, 
the grain prices or the raw material prices goes up. 
You cannot pass it on that the increase to the OMC, whereas in ENA and the other spirit market, 
if the prices of the raw material comes down, you have to pass on to the consumer. But if the 
prices goes up, then you have to recover it from the consumer. So this is a stable and very few 
distilleries having this kind of a dual licensing. I think our business would be much more stable 
as compared to the stand-alone ethanol plant. 
Harshit: 
All right sir, understood. Thank you. That’s all from my side. I will join back the queue. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vikram Kotak from KCP Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Yes. So accept my ignorance, I'm attending this call for first time. So pardon me if I ask some 
questions which are very basic. So sir, I was seeing your website and a few of the businesses 
like distillery, biodiesel, edible oil, real estate. Now you said edible oil, you kind of exited and 
you are looking at, I've seen very small turnover there. 
But you are in aligned businesses as far as distillery or IMIL, country liquor, biodiesel. Why real 
estate? Is it synergetic to your overall requirement? Or is it just because you have spare land and 
now you are building up there? Just help me out with that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Rajinder Mittal: 
No, you see that if you go towards the financial results, the real estate business is as old as 15 
years back. We are not having any fresh project. Only the projects which were taken up between 
2005 to 2010 have been completed. And whatever residue stock that’s in the shape of profit is 
coming, in the shape of cash to the company. So we do not have any exposure further for the 
last 15 years in the real estate. 
Vikram Kotak: 
So no new real-estate. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
Only the vegetable oil, the biodiesel and the PML, for Punjab Made Liquor and the ethanol. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Right. So no further real estate and not much edible oil. So you'll focus on the? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
No, no, no. Edible oils will be there. Edible oils will be there because we have got a solvent 
extraction plant. Vegetable oils will be there, but not in a staging farm. We are only catering to 
the bulk demand in the shape of a bulk supply. So that revenue will always be there about 
INR700 crores to INR800 crores per annum only will be. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, second question, where do you see the company in the next 5 years in 
terms of strategic direction? I'm not asking for revenue numbers or something. But how do you 
see yourself from a year to 5 years later? 
What will be your area of focus? What will be your biggest business in the overall category? 
How do you see the scenario, business scenario and your internal capacity in terms of team and 
the leadership and the overall business model? Just want to understand a little bit 3 - 5 year 
vision of your company. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So you see that at present, we are focusing on biofuel. First of all, we will be having in the 
current, you can say, in about 2 years, we'll be putting up another, you can say, ethanol plant to 
cater to the biofuel at Fatehabad, which the work has already started, and we hope to commission 
that plant within 1.5 or 2 years. So that will take the overall capacity of the company from 900 
KL to 1,150 KL. That is a substantially good quantity. And further, we will be, you can say, 
focusing on a CBG from, you can say that also from biomass. 
We plan to have a long-term vision of putting up a CBG plant also. And later on, you see that 
this sector is going to cater to the sustainable aviation fuel market also. So we see that in the 
coming 4- 5 years, you will see a lot of change in this biofuel market. And with this present 
energy crisis and the environmental angle, you see that we have to feed the 140 crores people. 
So we have to give to them a job. 
So the main focus of the Government of the entire nation is on account of having a cleaner 
environment. Secondly, to reduce the import dependence. Thirdly, to increase the farmers' 
income and so on, you must have been reading in the newspaper by 2030, the Europe has come 
up with mandate that the, all the, you can say, aviation sector will be using of 30% of the 
sustainable aviation fuel generated from this farm energy, not only the fossil fuels part of it. So 
we see a great future in our company as this biofuel and other things coming in. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
And we have positioned ourselves, within 5 years, we should be a total debt-free company, 
which we are focusing on, you must have noticed from our financial results, the financial cost is 
coming down year-to-year. 
And with the realization of our residue vegetable oil inventory, which is like in various dealers 
and other parts out of which the substantial amount has already been realized, we hope to realize 
with 4 to 5 months or 6 months, the entire inventory part of it. So that will add to the cash, 
consolidate the cash position of it. In 5 years, we see a great future. And further after this, we 
will be entering to the CBG section and the sustainable aviation fuel section. And plus there are 
technologies coming up, blending this ethanol in the diesel also. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Yes. Sir, last question from my side is you also are the ENA supplier to many large liquor 
companies. And also you are on side, you're also building your own brand portfolio on the liquor 
brand as well as IMIL. So where do you see what kind of size you want to build in liquor brand 
and I am sorry, in country liquor and also in IMIL, what kind of size you're looking in next 5 
years? And why this is around Punjab only? Why not it is India? So I just want, that's another 
curious question. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
So this PML is Punjab Made Liquor, we are only authorized to sell it in Punjab only. The next 
segment we propose to enter in the coming years is IMFL, Indian made foreign liquor. So we 
are already taking various steps and soon we'll be coming up with various brands with IMFL 
catering to the North India and then to the Pan-India.  
So we do have that in the plan. First, we wanted to consolidate our portion, have a good amount 
of cash with the company because this IMFL business, first will take away about INR100 crores 
in the pocket for the launching of this IMFL brand on a Pan-India basis. So first, we wanted to 
have the expansion, all the expansion completed, have a handsome margins with the company, 
cash with the company. 
We don't want to borrow money and launch this IMFL business Pan-India because that will be 
a very high cost for the company or maybe high risk for that. In coming years, we do have a plan 
to have this IMFL business launched in first North India then Pan India. 
Rajinder Mittal: 
The IMFL market is growing at 12%. And this PML market, we are also growing at about 18% 
to 20%. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Right. And sir, what is the current debt, net debt level on the balance sheet as on March '26? 
Rajinder Mittal: 
It's about INR300 crores, INR335 crores, including fund-based and non-fund based. 
Vikram Kotak: 
Fair point. 
Management: 
INR120 crores is on interest subvention just paying about 4.25% of the rate of interest. 
Vikram Kotak: 
So, what's the average cost of interest for us, 6%, 7% roughly? 
Management: 
Less than 7%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Vikram Kotak: 
Okay, less than 7%. Okay, sir. All the best and have a great future. Thank you for answering all 
the questions in detail. Thank you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Praneeth from SJ Investments. Please go ahead. 
Praneeth: 
Hi, management. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So, one thing I wanted to understand 
in terms of our oil business, you mentioned that we're only going to do bulk sales. Is there any 
specific reason behind it? I understand you want to focus on the other things, but is it in terms 
of margins? Is it better? Could you just explain what's the strategy behind that? 
Management: 
Edible oil business of the company is as old as we are in the business for the last 45 years. So, 
we have attained some expertise in that. The unit which was situated within the city was to be 
shut down because of the various government, you can say, restrictions as regard to having a red 
category unit in the vicinity of the thickly populated area. 
So, we have to shift that production capacity at you can say at our present distillate site, we are 
having, you can say, cheap power, the same infrastructure and the cost of production have come 
down. To compete with the, you can say, package industry as of now will be difficult for us, as 
they are situated quite far away from the port. 
So, bringing the raw material from the port side and again, spanning it pan-India, the logistics 
does not work of that count. So, we just want to remain our presence. just for your information, 
you can say policymakers of the government is on the reducing the import dependence on the 
vegetable oil. 
At present, the vegetable oil is the third largest foreign exchange driver in the country. The first 
is the crude oil, second is the gold and third is the vegetable oil. So, you can say, government 
taking steps for the crop diversification, especially in the state of Punjab and Haryana and 
Rajasthan for encouraging the farmers for borrowing oilseed. So, we want to be present there. 
And when the time comes, because earlier, what we were doing is we were buying oilseed and 
selling the final product in the market. So, we had margins at every stage. Now with the simply 
bringing crude oil and just refining it, does not give us so much margin, so that we are able to 
compete with the coal-based refinery or MNC. So, we want to position ourselves when the 
opportunity comes, we can again, you can say, scale up our business to that extent. 
Praneeth: 
Understood, sir. And was shifting of the plant expensive? And what did we end up doing with 
the land because did we just relocate the existing plant? Or did we have to invest more into it? 
Management: 
So, it's the right question. about 25% to 30% of the machines, which were in workable condition 
and which were not technology backward, we have already shifted to our business and those are 
the machines that started the production. Rest of the machines have been sold in the market, and 
we are getting the remittance of the plant and machinery by selling it. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
And the land parcel, we have put it for sale. So, we hope to realize a better value for the product, 
and that will be putting back into the cash, which will further consolidate the cash portion of the 
company and you can say, putting up the further expansion. We are looking for a land deal in 
the near future. 
Praneeth: 
What is the tentative size of this land deal, sir? 
Management: 
It's about 18 acres of land in the city. 
Praneeth: 
What would be the value in the particular city? 
Management: 
Value as of now, very difficult to say, but we should be able to realize close to about INR30 
crores of fees from that parcel. 
Praneeth: 
Understood, sir. And coming to our liquor business, I understand that we have made a lot of 
progress in ENA with less allocations from the OMCs. I was just wondering in terms of 
branding, what is our strategy? And how are we going about it to go to market, like in terms of 
investments in advertising or, let's say, hiring a team for it? Could you just explain the strategy 
beyond developing our proprietary liquor brand? 
Management: 
Yes. You see that we have basically, we have situated at a remote site in the state of Punjab, 
Bathinda where the connectivity and the other issues are there. For that, we have already, you 
can say, materialized our corporate office at Chandigarh, which has started functioning and 
slowly, we'll be shifting our activities here. 
From where we plan to have the expertise and the brand launching because it's not, you can say 
very short-term vision. It has to be very long term with a sustainable cash flow with you. 
So, we are putting all our efforts to cater to that IMFL segment from our corporate office. So 
already we are on the job. So, we have hired experts and other people for this entering into IMFL 
business. And regarding ENA sales, this is not only the ENA sales. you can say that we are 
catering to the pharma sector. We are selling industrial alcohol. 
We are selling special denatured spirits to cater to the various industries. So, this is the benefit 
of a flexible, you can say, having a dual licensing. Otherwise, with the 400 KLPD plant, if the 
allocation was about 220 KL per day, our 180 KLPD would have been lying idle and the 
company would have been in trouble. 
So, this is the most benefit our company has, and the entry barrier to ENA business is very tough 
and takes a very long time, takes long time public hearing does not get through. So that kind of 
a thing, we hope to have this better business of ENA, because IMFL market in India is growing 
at about 12% - 13% per annum. 
Praneeth: 
Got it, sir.  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Praneeth. You may please rejoin the call. We will take our next question 
from the line of Saachi Mittal from Concept Investwell. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Saachi Mittal: 
My first question is in FY26, operating cash flow improved sharply. 
Management: 
Please speak loudly and clearly. You are not fully audible. 
Saachi Mittal: 
Am I audible now? 
Management: 
Yes, better. 
Saachi Mittal: 
In financial year 2026, operating cash flows improved sharply, primarily aided by working 
capital release. Is the improvement sustainable or primarily a one-off benefit arising from the 
liquidation of edible oil inventory? 
Management: 
No, you see that from this year that we have grown that the profits of the company has gone up 
by 18%, 20%. And there is no capex at present. Earlier, every year, there was a capex. The cash 
flow, the working capital requirement was more because of this factor. And secondly, with the 
ENA business and this special denatured spirits business, is on cash and carry basis, whereas we 
had a huge outstanding if we operate the plant 100% on ethanol. 
So, there is an outstanding of 21 days from the OMC side. So that cycle has also come down. 
And it's a totally not temporary basis. The company has sufficient cash flows. you can say those 
some -- you can say liquidation of edible oil inventory is helping us. But we are having a 
sufficient cash flow, wherein the entire inventory of this working capital, you can see utilization 
of the working capital has come down. It will be further coming down in the coming year. 
Saachi Mittal: 
My second question is, can you help me understand the sensitivity of EBITDA margins to 
fluctuations in key raw material prices such as maize and rice? 
Varun Gupta: 
EBITDA margins you see that the ENA business, we should have a constant EBITDA margin 
because the increase or decrease of the raw material cost is being passed to the buyer. Only the 
fixed prices of ethanol. So, 50% business is on account of the variable cost penny is being passed 
to the consumer. 
So, we hope to maintain same kind of EBITDA margin. Rather, we'll have some improvement 
with the ENA's capacity, as mentioned earlier of 100 KLPD with that our -- you can say the 
overhead cost or the finance cost will come. 
Saachi Mittal: 
 
All right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Himanshu Bisani from PinPointX Capital. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Bisani: 
Sir, my line of questions are more on the green energy side and the new ventures. Sir, on the 
biodiesel viability, with all the geopolitical scenarios and the rise in diesel prices, are we seeing 
some price revisions that is going on? And if that is happening, how are we looking to participate 
in that with our 75 KLPD capacity? 
Management: 
You see that the biodiesel capacity of our company is 75 KLPD per day. But at present, we are 
not able to manufacture because there has not been any price revision or the pricing policy or 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
the mandate Actually, you see that earlier the biodiesel was being purchased by OMC at INR108 
a liter. 
But in the absence of mandate, so they reduce the prices according to the crude viability, derived 
from the crude. So, there was no green energy in the biodiesel sector. So, we planned our plant 
in such a way either we could use it as a vegetable oil refinery or we can use it as a biodiesel 
plant. 
So, at present, we are operating that plant on a vegetable oil refinery. So, whenever there is, you 
can say, the policy revision of the biodiesel rates, we'll be able to participate and we are already 
enrolled as a biodiesel supplier with all the OMC. 
Himanshu Bisani: 
Sir, just on that, so are we seeing some on-ground inflection with the rising price of diesel and 
everything? 
Management: 
You see that this is a government policy, whether to buy the biodiesel at these rates or just keep 
away and concentrate more on petrol, they may not be thinking that the file is lying with the 
PMO office. So can't comment upon anything as to what is in their mind and how they will react. 
But certainly, these are the positive indications that the crude prices have gone up substantially 
high and the cost of biodiesel should be revised by the OMC, but they are taking their own time. 
So can't comment. So, we did our flexible while putting our plant so that our plant, our capex 
does not remain idle. So, we are using our capacity in the refined vegetable oil section. So that's 
also giving almost the same margin as we would be getting for the biodiesel plant. 
Himanshu Bisani: 
Understood. And sir, on the Bio-CNG front, we were evaluating a 20 MTPD plant, right? How 
are things right now? What is the process? And how are you looking at things right now? 
Management: 
You see that as mentioned that our 100 KLPD plant has been commissioned at Bathinda and is 
under testing. So, we did not have the intention to engage another team to put up the plant of 
Fatehabad. Their 250 KLPD, this ethanol plant and 20-ton CBG plant has been planned. So that 
site is ready now activated. 
We are moving forward, and we should be able to close the books by the next month, and we 
should be able to start the construction. And within 2 years, we will be able to commission our 
200 KLPD plant you can say ethanol. And after the commissioning of that plant, another 1 year, 
we'll be taking for putting up a 20-ton CBG. 
Himanshu Bisani: 
Okay. So, it is almost like from 3 years from now, can we say that? 
Management: 
Yes. Because we want to base our CBG raw material as rice crop, the biomass where there is a 
little technological problem at present, but that is being solved and a number of pilot plants have 
been commissioned by the various suppliers. 
So, we are constantly watching that development as far as the technology part of it, and the 
commissioning of the CBG. We have already brought the land and that's the part of the expansion 
program within 2 to 3 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BCL Industries Limited 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt Himanshu. Please rejoin the queue for follow-up question. 
Himanshu Bisani: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint, we will take our last question from the line of 
Sushil from Vinar System Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sushil: 
My question is regarding the land. As the promoters have got such a good experience in real 
estate development, why should the company not develop this real estate instead of selling it 
out? 
Management: 
It's a very good question. You see that at present, the -- as a management, as a promoter, we are 
focusing ourselves on the green energy and other parts of it. So, we require funds for that. And 
developing a real estate project and selling it takes a long time. It's not a metro city, it's a 3 Tier 
city, where the migration is not to that extent that we could develop that into a real estate project 
of housing or commercial project. 
So, realization and the gestation period is quite high. So let the local people have the profit from 
other and we concentrate towards the core business. So, it's not the core business of the company 
to enter into a real estate as of now. 
It's a very, very long process to get the sanctions and get the development then again sell to the 
various prospective buyers. So, we don't want to waste our time. We just want to get the cash 
and put the same into the business, reduce our finance cost and achieve our expansion plan. 
Sushil: 
I appreciate that. But I think to have such a big land parcel in the heart of the city and to sell it 
for, I think you said INR30 crores doesn't really make any sense? 
Management: 
No, rates are such only. It's only about less than INR2 crores per acre, which is the cost of buying 
of this land is INR1,000 per acre. And we will be able to get 200% after that. So, you don't 
compare with Bombay or something like that. 
Sushil: 
Not Bombay, but I would have to say... 
Management: 
It's a very perfect price to get this kind of... 
Sushil: 
I don't know. I would say, in such a case, we should be given the first right of refusal. 
Management: 
We'll definitely contact you, when we have the final decision, then definitely keep in mind your 
offer and definitely contact you. 
Sushil: 
Please do that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. On behalf of InCred 
Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
