 
 
 
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/about-us 
Corporate Office: 6th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune - Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411 014, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: +91 20 7150 5700 | Fax: +91 20 7150 5792 
Registered Office: C/o Bajaj Auto Limited Complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, Maharashtra, India 
Corporate ID No.: L65923PN2007PLC130075 | Email ID: investors@bajajfinserv.in 
7 May 2026 
 
To
Corporate Relations Department.  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building, P J Tower,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001
To
Corporate Listing Department.  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
Plot No.C-1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051
BSE Code: 532978
NSE Code: BAJAJFINSV
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Conference Call in respect of financial results for the quarter and 
financial year ended 31 March 2026 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) r/w Clause 
15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations 
 
In furtherance of our letter dated 20 April 2026, this is to inform that the transcript of the 
investors conference call held on Thursday, 30 April 2026 at 4:30 p.m. IST, has been hosted on 
the website of the Company and is available at https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-
relations-quarterly-earnings-conference-call-recording-and-transcripts. 
 
Please find enclosed the aforesaid transcript (pdf) for ease of reference. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
FOR BAJAJ FINSERV LIMITED 
 
 
 
UMA SHENDE 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
Email ID: investors@bajajfinserv.in 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
 
UMA OMKAR 
SHENDE
Digitally signed by 
UMA OMKAR SHENDE 
Date: 2026.05.07 
22:20:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
“Bajaj Finserv Limited 
Q4 FY ’26 Analyst Conference Call” 
April 30, 2026 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. SREENIVASAN – PRESIDENT, INSURANCE AND 
SPECIAL PROJECTS – BAJAJ FINSERV LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMANDEEP SINGH SAHNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – BAJAJ FINSERV LIMITED 
 
MR. TAPAN SINGHEL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BAJAJ GENERAL 
INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. TARUN CHUGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BAJAJ LIFE INSURANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AVAIS KARMALI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ GENERAL INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. VIPIN BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ LIFE INSURANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH PANCHAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BAJAJ FINSERV DIRECT 
LIMITED 
 
 
MR. GANESH MOHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
BAJAJ FINSERV ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAGHVESH – JM FINANCIAL 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bajaj Finserv Limited Q4 FY 
'26 Analyst Conference Call.  

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
                                            As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
                             I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghvesh from JM Financial. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Raghvesh. 
Raghvesh: 
Thank you, Renjo. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 
earnings conference call of Bajaj Finserv Limited.  
                                                
First, I would like to thank the management of Bajaj Finserv for giving 
us the opportunity to host this call. As always, we will have opening comments 
from the management team, post which we will open the floor for Q&A.  
From the management side today, we have Mr. S. Sreenivasan, President, 
Insurance and Special Projects, Bajaj Finserv Limited; Mr. Ramandeep Singh 
Sahni, CFO, Bajaj Finserv Limited; Mr. Tapan Singhel, MD and CEO, Bajaj 
General Insurance Limited; Mr. Tarun Chugh, MD and CEO, Bajaj Life 
Insurance Limited; Mr. Avais Karmali, CFO, Bajaj General Insurance Limited; 
Mr. Vipin Bansal, CFO, Bajaj Life Insurance Limited; Mr. Ashish Panchal, MD 
and CEO, Bajaj Finserv Direct Limited; and Mr. Ganesh Mohan, MD, Bajaj 
Finserv AMC.  
With this, I would hand over the floor to Ramandeep sir for his opening 
comments. Thanks and over to you, sir. 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Thank you for the introduction. Good evening, everybody. We welcome you to 
this conference call to discuss the results of Bajaj Finserv Limited, BFS, for Q4, 
FY '26.  
As before, in this call, we will largely be concentrating on the consolidated 
results of BFS, the results of our insurance operations through Bajaj General 
Insurance Limited and Bajaj Life Insurance Limited, our emerging companies 
which include Bajaj Finserv Health Limited, Bajaj Finserv Direct Limited, Bajaj 
Finserv Asset Management Limited, and lastly, where material, the standalone 
results of Bajaj Finserv.. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
 
Our two other subsidiaries, Bajaj Finance Limited and Bajaj Housing Finance 
Limited, have already had their conference calls, and hence we would pursue 
only very high-level questions on these companies.  
To start with a few hygiene points, as a word of caution, we affirm that any 
statements that may look forward-looking statements are just estimates and 
do not constitute an assurance or indication of any future performance result. 
 
Let me also give you an update on the basis of accounting which we use at a 
Group  level.  
As required by the regulations, Bajaj Finserv prepares its financials in 
compliance with Indian Accounting Standards, referred as Ind AS. The 
insurance companies are, however, currently not covered under Ind AS. 
Hence, they have prepared their Ind AS financials only for the purpose of 
consolidation with BFS. 
 
Accordingly, for Bajaj General and Bajaj Life, standalone numbers reported are 
based on non-Ind AS accounting standards, which is referred as Indian GAAP, 
as applicable to the insurance companies currently.  
However, on this subject, as per the recent regulations from IRDAI, insurers 
are now required to transition to Ind AS from FY '27. However, the said 
regulation also allows insurers to seek a forbearance for a year, keeping in 
mind the level of readiness of each one of those. 
 
Accordingly, both our insurance companies plan to seek forbearance for a year 
and would transition to Ind AS from 1st of April 2027.  
Now moving to an update on our joint venture with Allianz. I am happy to 
confirm that in March, our insurance subsidiaries, that is Bajaj General and 
Bajaj Life, have completed the buyback of the balance 3% Allianz stake, 
making our insurance businesses now 100% Bajaj- Made in India, Made for 
India, and Made by India.  
 
The buyback not only concludes the buyout of Allianz stake, but it also is 
expected to strengthen the ROE and ROEV of both the insurance subsidiaries 
going forward. Post the buyback, the 100.00% holding of the insurance 
subsidiaries by the Bajaj Group is split as follows: 77.33% is held by Bajaj 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
Finserv, 18.10% by Bajaj Holdings, and about 4.60% by Jamnalal Sons Private 
Limited. 
 
I will now jump into the high-level results for the quarter on a consolidated 
basis, which have been put out in our press release dated 30th April,2026.  
The consolidated total income grew by 6% to about INR38,508 crores versus 
INR36,434 crores for the same quarter last year. However, you may please 
note that the income for the quarter looks a little depleted because of the high 
impact coming from the MTM on the fair value through P&L portfolio held by 
our insurance companies.  
 
As the total income includes investment income and some of the investments 
by the insurance companies are held at FVTPL basis, due to the geopolitical 
tensions, there is a temporary MTM impact on revenue. And if we gross up the 
MTM impact on the revenue, the revenue growth will actually be 14% as 
compared to the 6% reported by us. Similarly, the consolidated profit after tax 
also grew at about 5% to INR2,539 crores as against INR2,417 crores for the 
same period last year. Again, excluding the temporary MTM losses of the 
insurance companies, the consolidated profit after tax actually grew at a large 
24 % as compared to the 5% being reported by us.  
So just to summarize, both the revenue and the bottom line for the quarter 
being reported are largely impacted by the MTM impact, which we believe is 
temporary in nature due to the geopolitical risk. And if we gross it up, excluding 
these MTM implications, the revenue growth and the PAT growth are very 
healthy at 14% and 24% respectively. 
 
Now I will just deep dive into each of the respective companies to give a texture 
on their performance.  
Let's start with Bajaj General: 
On GWP growth basis for the quarter, the growth was muted at INR4,322 
crores as against INR4,326 crores for the same quarter last year. This is largely 
on account of tactical decisions made by the company on reducing its exposure 
to crop and motor amid the elevated pricing pressures which we've seen in the 
market in the last quarter. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
 
However, if we exclude the bulky crop and government health businesses, the 
GWP has in fact increased by 8.3% as against the market growth of 11% for 
the multiline industry. And here we know that the multi-line growth was backed 
by some of the players seeing EOM stress, and hence they may not be 
comparable at this point. 
 
Underwriting losses stood at INR 96 crores for the quarter versus about INR 3 
crores for the same quarter similar quarter last year, impacted largely by 
elevated claims arising from our government health business. This essentially 
arises from the fact that the loss ratios on these schemes are higher in the 
initial months and then they taper down, so it is kind of a timing variance. And 
also, the lower crop business which we've done in the last quarter, given the 
stress we saw from a pricing perspective. 
 
The combined ratio for the quarter was elevated at about 113.6% for the 
quarter as against 104.8% for the same quarter last year. Now this essentially 
came from a fact that we did a treaty within the last quarter on government 
health business, but it was done on retro basis from the Q3 FY26, which meant 
that the NWP for the period was depressed because of back-dating of this 
treaty and hence the elevated combined ratio. 
 
However, if you look at the combined ratios excluding the bulky businesses, 
which is government health and crop, the combined ratios actually improved 
for the quarter versus the same quarter last year. On a full-year basis, however, 
if you see the combined ratio, which nullifies the impact of these timing 
variances, the combined ratio on old basis, which is the non-1/n basis, is 
reported at a very healthy 101.90%, which we believe will continues to be 
amongst the best in the market. 
 
The ROE excluding surplus capital, which is at about 200% solvency, stands 
close to 18.5% for the period. PAT growth also remained flat for the quarter for 
the same reasons which I mentioned earlier, the fact that there was a timing 
variance on government health claims being booked, and we did lower crop 
business which last year same quarter was very profitable. 
 
On AUM, we ended the year at about INR35,529 crores as against INR33,122 
crores for the same period last year, a growth of 7.3%. However, it's important 
to note that both AUM and solvency for the period have been impacted due to 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
the one-time impact of the buy-back of the 3% Allianz stake which we've done, 
which for the general insurance company was close to INR1,590 crores. 
 
To summarize, these operating results, including the combined ratio and ROE, 
underscore Bajaj General's disciplined focus on delivering balanced and 
profitable growth, supported by strong risk selection, robust distribution, 
prudent underwriting, and continued emphasis on exceptional customer 
service in the most difficult and highly competitive market.  
We will now move to Bajaj Life: 
 
Bajaj Life's financial outcomes have been in line with the plan for transition to 
‘sustainable and profitable growth’, as was highlighted in the mid of last year.  
The impact of change in strategy continues to be reflected in the fourth quarter 
results as well. The retail weighted received premium for the quarter grew at 
about 9.7% from INR 2,328 crores to about INR 2,550 crores, largely in line 
with the industry growth.  
 
However, what's important to note is our retail protection contribution in the 
overall retail business has grown to 8.4% with an overall growth of 67% for the 
period. Similarly, the group protection business has registered a very healthy 
growth of 42% for the quarter. Moving to the bottom-line parameters, our VNB 
for the quarter grew at a very healthy 29% up from INR 549 crores to about 
INR 709 crores for the quarter. 
 
The NBM is for the quarter up to 24.5% as against 22.1% reported for the same 
period last year, an expansion of about absolute 2.4%. These outcomes are 
despite the gross GST impact of about 5.00% on NBM for the quarter and 
about 2.9% on a YTD basis. The GST impact on VNB has been largely 
mitigated on exit basis in March '26. We can now clearly see that the benefits 
of our revamped strategy, Bajaj Life 2.0, are clearly visible in the financial 
outcomes as has been depicted earlier. 
 
On the back of continued strong renewal premium growth of about 18%, Bajaj 
Life's GWP grew at 21% for the quarter. However, it's important to note that 
persistency dips were observed against certain cohorts in line with the market. 
The management is working on it to bring it at the similar levels we've seen in 
the past.  

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
On an overall basis, the retail weighted received premium product mix for the 
quarter was very well balanced at PAR with 25%, , non-par savings and annuity 
at 24%, term at a very healthy 8% and ULIPs at 42%. 
 
The profit after tax also registered a very healthy growth of 78% up from INR 
41 crores for the last quarter last year to about INR 73 crores for the quarter 
being reported now. Bajaj Life ended the quarter with an AUM of INR 1,33,563 
crores, up about 8%. Again, this was along with the solvency impacted by the 
buyback of 3% of Allianz's stake, which for Bajaj Life was close to INR 1,200 
crores.  
Overall, the quarter for Bajaj Life is in line with the expectations and on the 
right trajectory of ‘sustainable and profitable growth’. 
 
Finally, both the insurance companies continue to be financially strong with 
solvency for Bajaj Life at 266% and Bajaj General at 302% and hence are very 
well poised to weather any external adversity.  
We will now move to the lending businesses, Bajaj Finance Limited and Bajaj 
Housing Finance Limited. 
  To start with Bajaj Finance, a very strong quarter across all key metrics 
including Volume, AUM, new customer addition, credit costs, and profitability. 
 
The number of new loans booked for the quarter was at about 1.29 crores as 
against 1.07 crores for the same quarter last year, a growth of about 20%. The 
company's diversified business model has enabled it to cross the record 
milestone of AUM of INR 5 lakh crores and a strong AUM growth of about 22% 
at INR 5,09,975 crores.  
The net total income grew by about 21% to INR14,209 crores, up from about 
INR11,755 crores or the same period last year. PAT was close to INR 5,464 
crores for the Q4 FY26. 
 
If you look at the Opex to net total income ratio, after adjusting for the loan 
losses and provision reclassification which the company has done, the ratios 
are flattish at about 33.20%. There is a slight increase which is visible 
sequentially due to the cascading impact of the New Labour Code which we 
had seen in quarter three and accelerated gold loan branch expansion. We 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
have also been investing in AI implementation and that also impacts the ratios 
to some level. 
 
However, we are seeing acceleration in both growth and improvement in 
operating efficiencies due to the AI investments we've been making. Loan 
losses and provisions for the quarter were at about INR 2,008 crores as against 
INR 2,167 crores for the same quarter last year. Before the additional ECL 
provision, it increased by about 8% to INR 2,125 crores, up from INR 1,970 
crores for the same period last year. In quarter four, we saw a net decrease in 
stage two and stage three assets at about INR 430 crores, reflecting a 
continued improvement in portfolio quality and the outlook on credit costs going 
forward. 
 
The GNPA and NNPA stood at a healthy 1.01% and 0.4% respectively, as 
against 0.96% and 0.44% for the same period last year. The capital adequacy 
remains strong at 21.55% and the tier one capital was 20.67%.  
I'll now move to the mortgage subsidiary of BFL, Bajaj Housing Finance 
Limited: 
Again, a very good quarter on disbursements, AUM, operating efficiency, asset 
quality, and profitability. A stable quarter with AUM growth of 22.7% driven by 
good momentum in disbursements amidst higher portfolio attrition.  
Growth was very well distributed across all the business segments. Home 
loans for the company grew at about 18%, loan against property grew 24%, 
lease rental discounting grew 44%, and developer finance grew 13%. The net 
interest income grew 15% to about INR 945 crores as against INR 823 crores 
for the same period last year. The operating efficiencies continued with Opex 
to net total income at a healthy 19.2% as against 21.8% for the same period 
last year. 
 
Healthy asset quality continued to be maintained with GNPA and NNPA at a 
very small 0.27% and 0.11% respectively. PAT grew by about 14% to INR 669 
crores for the quarter. However, this excluded the one-time impact of tax credit 
which the company had taken last year of INR 34 crores, the PAT growth would 
have indeed been 20%. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
 
The capital adequacy ratio stood at 22.46% as of 31st March, with tier-1  capital 
at 22.01%. In summary, another very strong quarter for both our lending 
companies, Bajaj Finance Limited and Bajaj Housing Finance Limited.  
Now let me give you update on our emerging companies. 
 
I'll start with Bajaj Finserv Health: 
For the quarter, Bajaj Finserv Health logged in about 6.5 million healthcare 
transactions as against about 5.3 million transactions done for the same 
quarter last year. Bajaj Finserv Health continued its expansion of the provider 
network which includes about 1,30,000+doctors, about 15,000+ hospitals, and 
about 6,500+ lab touchpoints. Utilizing this network strength and its tech 
platform, Bajaj Health is able to offer an integrated OPD, IPD, and wellness 
experience to both retail as well as corporate customers.  
During the quarter, the revenue for the company grew at a very healthy 
41.6%.So, in all, overall, a good quarter for Bajaj Finserv Health. 
 Moving to Bajaj Markets: 
During the quarter, the disbursements for the quarter were at about INR 2,047 
crores as against INR 1,800 crores for the trailing quarter, which is quarter 
three of FY '26. The company ended with a total unique partner count, which 
are the partners available on the platform, of about 103 in number.  
The operating revenue for the company, however, for the period has indeed 
de-grown to about INR 95 crores, down from about INR 129 crores for the 
same period last year, which is attributable to decrease in loans and 
transacting customers during the quarter. And as has been indicated in the 
past quarter, this essentially was a planned de-growth because we had 
planned a migration of our new system which is being used by the frontline 
sales, and the migration is now complete, so we believe that the de-growth 
hereon should be behind us.  
Further, we have also changed the revenue structures within the company 
where some of the revenues move on a trail basis, which now provide stability 
and predictability and a non-linear future revenue. The business model also 
has been aligned with the RBI Digital Lending Directions for LSPs, which came 
into effect from 1st of November 2025.  

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
Now moving to Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Limited:.  
The AMC continued its good run, recording an AUM of about INR 26,819 
crores at the quarter end, and it retained the 26th spot amongst all the mutual 
fund companies in India in terms of AUM. The closing AUM was heavily 
impacted, as we know, due to the geopolitical tensions.  
However, if you look at the average AUM for the quarter, it was a healthy INR 
30,627 crores as against INR 20,133 crores average for the same quarter last 
year, a growth of 52%. The equity mix in the AUM stands at about 59% and 
the non-group share of AUM constitutes about 93.3% of the total AUM.  
This is just to sum up the performance on all our companies.  
Before we open for questions, considering the paucity of time, I would request 
the audience to kindly keep their questions brief so that we can cover more 
queries during the call.  
With this, I invite questions from the audience. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is on the life 
insurance entity. Non-par savings mix has reduced. Just trying to understand 
if you can give us a flavour of how were the markets for the non-par product in 
the year that has gone by? Was there any pricing pressure that you'd like to 
highlight? What is your strategy for FY27?  
My second question is on the general insurance piece, the motor TP piece over 
there. So the reserving triangles look like the release in TP in FY26 has been 
higher. It’s coming to about INR 800 crores versus usually the INR 600 to INR 
700 crores you've done in the last couple of years. So any colour you can give 
around what has happened here? And sorry, I'll squeeze in one more question. 
This is on Bajaj Direct. So good to hear that the migration etc. is completed. I 
just want to understand as we enter into this year and there are a lot of 
concerns around some of the business loans and what can happen etc., are 
there any measures we are taking to tightening anything from our end? Yeah, 
those are my three questions. Thank you. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Vipin you want to take the first one on non-par savings? Vipin or Tarun 
whoever. 
Tarun Chugh: 
Let me just step in. So Shreya, thanks for your question. See, non-par, the way 
we see it as a bucket of non-par plus annuities, because annuities are the 
same cast, structured differently. Our annuity actually mix doubled from 5% to 
10% in the financial year. And yeah, overall non-par did come down from 21% 
to 16%, but overall if you look at it, broadly we are at 26% if you add non-par 
plus annuities.  
The market has actually looked at higher-age customers coming in, and which 
is where, I mean the way we look at the market is when the higher-age 
customers would rather have more annuities than have medical based 
products. And we are seeing a consistent shift in the market towards annuity, 
and I think this is a very healthy sign because usually the customers above the 
age of 50 have more money in their pockets and hence are able to take more 
such products, more health and life products.  
Our ticket size in annuities is actually doubled in the last year, so  that is the 
healthy one. You should expect that when we talk, we will fundamentally look 
at these two buckets together because they're intertwined. But actually, if I 
might just say on the non-par market as to what's been happening, as you're 
aware, policies amounting to INR5 lakhs and below, there is a tax benefit 
available.  
And whenever our  post-tax returns gap between fixed deposits and non-par 
savings actually comes to about approximately 2%,  the industry gets a lot 
more tailwinds in the non-par saving plans. If there is liquidity in the banking 
sector and post-tax FD returns are compared with returns to policies of below 
INR5 lakh ticket size, we will expect the non-par savings run to continue.  
So it's really an impact on the market, there's nothing to do with the pricing etc. 
as of now from our side. There's fundamentally a shift to higher-age brackets. 
I hope that answers your question. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yeah, yes, that was useful. Thank you. 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Tapan you want to take the question on TP releases? 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
Tapan Singhel: 
Yeah, so if you look at, TP release is a factor of how the book develops, and 
TP is a long-tail book. So as the claims development happens and compared 
to reserving, how is it developing that’s what has to be seen. So,  on the 
numbers you mentioned, I don't see that there's a huge shift in terms of the 
release happening, which means that the company has adequately reserved 
over time, and as the book keeps on developing and claims are getting paid. 
It's a natural phenomenon; I don't see any change in the philosophy of how it's 
progressing. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yeah, hi. So just wanted to understand on the general insurance front, , how 
do you see the product mix evolving and  the overall profitability of the entity 
going ahead into FY'27 as to how you see this kind of moving? 
Tapan Singhel: 
That’s a really interesting question, let's look at last year. The industry 
combined ratio actually moved up by about 6% to 7%. While if you look at Bajaj 
General combined ratio, it moved up by only 0.5% in the last year  So even 
though the industry deteriorated by about 6% to 7% combined ratio, Bajaj 
General still was where it normally remains close to 100% COR where it used 
to be and the industry is around 120%  
So if you see the gap, it has been huge. And that's why even in the fourth 
quarter, as Raman was mentioning, as we saw the combined ratio deteriorate, 
I think  where we feel the pricing is not appropriate, as we have been doing  all 
these years, we go slow; however, where we see  the price is appropriate from 
a customer perspective to be served well, those are the ones we write.  
So next year it again depends on how the industry moves, but if you look at in 
fact one of the quarters of last year, the industry combined ratio touched 128% 
also, I think. So, fundamentally as a company, our philosophy remains the 
same. We are a company which would be there for 100s of years, it is not a 
company which we are looking at a short term in terms of making it up. So it 
will always be prudent underwriting, it will always be our customer offsets, it 
will always find opening in the market, where to grow and keep on growing. 
And that's what we have been doing, and for the next year also the philosophy 
remains the same. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
And then to your product mix, you know, the government-led businesses on 
health insurance, or either the crop business, is there an approach towards 
either reducing? 
Tapan Singhel: 
I think I've mentioned this on a lot of previous calls also. The approach is 
simple, wherever the pricing will be appropriate in which we can serve the 
customers well is what we write. Now if you tell me that I make an approach 
right now and say this is what I will write and the price is not appropriate for 
that, why would I write that?  
Bajaj General is one of the largest insurance companies in India, which means 
that we write all product lines, and we have a decent market in each one of 
them. The variation just happens depending on how the market behaves in 
which product line where we get more aggressive or the pricing goes below 
what we feel comfortable, there we reduce, where the pricing is appropriate, 
we increase.  
So we can never tell you that next year this is exactly what we shall do, we'll 
move crop up or move this up, but in all lines of businesses, you will see that 
we are among the top companies in where we position ourselves. So that is 
how it should continue and depending on the pricing of the particular product 
line in the years to come, or we shall move on that basis. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Thanks. And on life insurance, you know, just trying to understand 
VNB margin trajectory from here on, you know, what kind of VNB margin 
should we think and what kind of product mix that you would be targeting for 
FY27? Given the market uncertainty right now continuing in April, do you think 
that a product mix kind of which has moved slightly away from ULIPs, not a big 
one, but for the full year, but do you think that trajectory will continue, and the 
margins can kind of continue to improve on a full-year basis? 
Tarun Chugh: 
Okay, so let me just give you a little bit of a strategy part and then Vipin can 
jump in to give you specifics. The way I'm seeing this is that directionally all our 
product segments are, now profitable. So the fact that if there is ULIP, our ULIP 
is now profitable. So this is a discussion we had,  about 18 months back, and 
now our ULIP growth is actually not a bad sign, it's a good sign.  
But fundamentally as the product mix evolves, we've had an entire culture shift 
in all our businesses including agency channel, ,which I would say has picked 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
up term plans very well. I think that has been the significant needle mover in 
terms of product mix. We expect the trajectory of term to only increase from 
here on, and that should impact our VNB margins only positively, as you know, 
while term plans  may have  a  lower ticket size, if you are able to sell more of 
core term, then it is only helpful to the VNB margins. So directionally that's what 
is moving. Vipin, if you'd like to add anything, do so. 
Vipin Bansal: 
No, I think Tarun, that sums up. Prayesh, to be more specific, the margin 
expansion that we are talking about, and this is, you know, after accounting for 
the GST impact that we had called out, I think as we had said earlier, it's a 
combination of our channel product mix, the way we are able to manage the 
kind of payouts we are offering..  
Obviously, the cost efforts that we have taken, that is contributing about 150 
bps to the margin. So while all of that is there, in terms of product mix, we have 
always maintained that we would want to have, you know, a PAR at about 25% 
plus-minus, annuity plus non-par savings again in the 25% to 30% range, term 
we would aspire to be 10% plus, and ULIP will be about 40%.  
So I think that's the stable mix, we would want to be operating at. I hope that 
answers your question. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yeah, definitely. And just last one question on AMC. At what scale of AUM do 
you think that this business will break even and what tenure what should be 
the target for us in our model from a break-even perspective? And what are 
the new segments that you are kind of investing in, PMS, AIF, SIFs, all these 
products something which you are developing as well? 
Ganesh Mohan: 
Yeah. So on the AMC side, what I would say is, the break-even AUM for us 
would be close to about INR1 lakh crores, with the continued mix on equity 
versus debt versus passives. At this point, we are actively considering both the 
PMS as well as the SIF, so within the next one, one and a half years, we will 
be launching  both of these business lines. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And yeah, got that. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Jain, are you done with your questions? 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yeah, thanks, thanks. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Raghvesh, I think we missed one question from Shreya. Maybe Ashish, if you 
can answer that. The question was on the concerns on quality of loans. If you 
can just take that, please. 
Ashish Panchal: 
Sure. So as a marketplace, we get a ringside view of the prevailing risk and 
resultant countermeasures by various manufacturers, and therefore they 
adjust the share of business that they take, from our marketplace from time to 
time. As a distributor, however, from the total throughput point of view, while 
our mix across manufacturers changes depending upon their risk measures, 
this doesn't affect us being a distributor.  
Having said that, we've seen that two years ago, the risk was much higher in 
the market as you can see from bureau report, and therefore the resultant 
manufacturer actions, especially in business loans, were high. Even last year, 
they were significant. Over a period of time, we have seen portfolios behaving 
better.  
But anyways, we are insulated from any balance sheet and P&L impact of such 
risk behaving adversely in the manufacturer's portfolio. Having said that, we 
choose our manufacturer partners very,  carefully and therefore our volumes 
are not affected and hence revenue is not affected. I hope that answers the 
question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Sanket Godha with Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Godha: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on life insurance. So if 
I exclude GST impact, the margin for the year was at 22%, and you said that 
most of the mitigations have been done with respect to GST negative impact 
by end of the year. So is it safe to say that in next year, if the product mix 
remains broadly the same, we will end up reporting a 22% kind of a margin for 
the next year? That's my first question. 
Vipin Bansal: 
Okay, so Sanket, let me answer that. So when we say we have mitigated, what 
that really means for us, as we exited March, and I am seeing for the month of 
March we have mitigated almost 90% to 92% the GST impact. A residual 
impact of 30-40 bps does exist. But I think now that's part of our cost structure.  
Now, the question on what do we mean by mitigation? What we mean by 
mitigation is we have changed some of our products that we sell in the market. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
There has been a change in the kind of products or the product mix, if I could 
say. Cost optimization continues for us, and we have renegotiated some of our 
commercials with our partners.  
Now, if that continues, then that 4.5%, annualized impact of GST that we talked 
about, that has been mitigated. I'm not sure of 22% that you were referring to. 
So, if you can just help me understand that? 
Sanket Godha: 
No, in the VNB walk, the margin what we mentioned before GST impact is 
22%. So, if I am assuming given, we will work with the same, no GST impact 
broadly. I mean then with the same product mix, are we going to report closer 
to 22% margin in the next year? 
Vipin Bansal: 
Okay, so let me clarify. So, that's not the way to read it. When we looked at the 
walk, we actually showed the gross GST impact. All the mitigants of that are 
part of our walk in terms of the new business mix and the profile that we are 
talking about. So, the dent of INR 242 crores that you see is the gross dent. 
The mitigation of it, and let's assume that it's 100% mitigated as a margin, that 
benefit is sitting in the 636 bar, if that's what you're referring to. 
Sanket Godha: 
Yeah, so Vipin, because that benefit will be there for the entire year next year, 
so  then we will be probably, assuming same business gets repeated in FY27, 
then the margin what we are looking at is 22%? That's the point I'm asking for 
FY27. 
Tarun Chugh: 
That's Sanket, let me step in on that. We will,  not provide  any affirmation or 
otherwise from us on margins if you're going to indicate like this, please.  
Sanket Godha: 
Okay it’s alright I understood your point.  
Tarun Chugh: 
Directionally,  we can tell you we are in the positive trajectory, and all those 
changes are resulting in the positive margin, but we're not going to indicate any 
margin. But yeah, it's positive. 
Sanket Godha: 
Understood, . Thanks, thanks for that answer. And the second question 
probably is on the growth, because second half we probably operated on Balic 
2.0, basically comparing with the previous base. So our growth came back to 
around mid-teens. So is it safe to say that this is the kind of growth we will end 
up, and if that is the case, that heavy lifting will be done by agency channel 
because that's the channel which took the maximum hit last year?  

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
So is it safe to say that second half growth is more like growth going ahead 
and will be done by agency channel? 
Tarun Chugh: 
You should see a better growth than what you saw in our second half. That 
much I can say. And all our businesses are in now a growth trajectory.. On the 
bulk partners, the bancassurance side, we've added three significant partners 
in the last 18 months: Federal, AU, and Yes Bank.  
Now they should start kicking in. We already have a very significant base of 
small and medium partners which have been doing quite well. So that trajectory 
is positive, and I can say that the bancassurance team is adding a lot more 
value to its partners by selling risk products as well now. That is working for 
both parties.  
On the agency side of the business, yes, we did reconfigure, we actually 
stretched our reconfiguration if you would remember in December when I told 
you, because we felt that there was more and more buy-in for our term plan 
and that the ticket size of term is obviously lower. So we recorded an 8% 
growth Q-on-Q for the last two quarters for agency.  
This I would say is a little understated, you should expect it to be better. Also, 
because the fact that the product mix is now largely set and the input 
parameters that we are seeing in agency, like the number of partners we're 
adding, number of distributors that is, plus the number of policies we're adding 
in agency, the trajectory is only positive.  
Then we come to our proprietary sales and direct channel. I think that has been 
a healthy contributor and we continue to innovate with data and technology 
there and see how we can work with customers and the data we already have, 
to provide more and more targeted products. And that trajectory was also 
undergoing a change given the fact that we did not grow as expected in 
proprietary sales last year, but all that growth will be back. So you should 
expect a higher growth. 
Sanket Godha: 
Understood. And lastly, one data-keeping question. On the EV side, the 
assumption change of INR51 crores is predominantly related to which 
operating parameter, whether it's mortality or persistency? 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
Vipin Bansal: 
So Sanket, for the portfolio basis, I think assumptions are holding good. You 
would see there has been a dip in our persistency and that's what largely is 
reflected in assumption change. 
Sanket Godha: 
Understood. And lastly, one question on general insurance. So broadly, I just 
want to understand this reinsurance strategy. I know that we did lot of 
government businesses and our retentions are closer to 42% to 43%. 
However, even if I exclude that, we typically are a little higher on ceding 
business now.  
So whether, we will revisit this strategy or rethink  this or  will continue even 
going ahead, even in other line of businesses, given,  I understand that 
government businesses are lumpy, and we need to rely on reinsurance in that 
sense. 
Tapan Singhel: 
, I didn't get your question. See, reinsurance is not a strategy. It is how you 
build your book and wherever you see volatility or large risks, on those you 
reinsure. So it depends on the book composition you have, and if you look at 
retail, most of it you would keep on your books. So if you look at, be it 
government health, be it crop, or be it commercial lines of business, they would 
be reinsured and then accordingly you decide how to do.  
So your balance sheet has to be protected in terms of any volatility, in terms of 
large risks. So that is how all good companies write their reinsurance and also, 
they look at the ratings of reinsurance.  
So, they have to be well-rated reinsurers. In times of any big losses, the 
reinsurers are able to support that, which in the past also we have seen even 
be it Jammu and Srinagar floods or be it Bombay floods, we were always 
adequately protected. In fact, our reinsurance CAT is also double that of what 
the industry looks for in terms of the year-to-return perspective which should 
be there.  
So fundamentally, it's a very well-arranged reinsurance to take care of any 
eventuality. So, it depends on the lines of business mix that you write and how 
you put it together. So, what is your apprehension on that?  
Sanketh Godha: 
No, it's not an apprehension, sir. My only question was that even in the retail 
line, especially motor, we compared to our historical past, we see little more 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
usage. So, whether that approach would be revisited, or we think  that's still a 
good thing to do in that sense? 
Tapan Singhel: 
It depends on how the market moves and what lines of business you write. 
That's why I said the approach does not change. The approach remains the 
same. Depending on how the market moves, what lines of business you're 
writing, is how the reinsurance operates. It's a combination of that. You don't 
create a strategy in terms of how you reinsure your book.  
You would always reinsure your book in the strategy I've mentioned to you in 
terms of wherever there's high volatility, you'll have high reinsurance coming 
in. When you'll have more stability, then the reinsurance evens out. When you 
have large risks, then the reinsurance is again high. Where the PMLs move 
high, then you have reinsurance high. When it comes down, the reinsurance 
evens out.  
When you have CAT losses happening, then the reinsurance for that moves 
up. When they come down and your chances of CAT losses are lower, then 
accordingly you adjust your books on that basis. So, I think the basics of 
insurance or basics of writing business is the same. 
It's a combination of various things: how does the market move, what is 
volatility, what lines of business, decides how much reinsurance do you buy in 
what lines of business, reinsurance is you put all that together. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. That's useful. Thanks, for your answer. 
Tapan Singhel: 
Yes, Thank you. 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Sanketh, your answer actually lies in the commercial outcomes if you look at 
it. So you know, at what price do we really get the reinsurance, what am I 
reinsuring. Like Tapan said, see essentially our exposure looks higher on the 
ceding side because we write a lot of bulky business which is crop and 
government health, as you rightly highlighted.  
On the other side, we also write a lot of large risk, and that essentially because 
of our banca tie-ups, we get a lot of these large accounts. So, a combination 
of all of these actually translates into what our reinsurance strategy is. Now in 
the end, whether I'm making money out of it, or no is that finally really matters, 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
right? And our combined ratio vis-a-vis industry will answer that question. So 
that's where we stand today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one 
to ask a question. Next question comes from the line of Divij Punjabi with 
Banyan Tree Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I had three questions. One was on the 
general insurance side. So just wanted to understand how are we seeing the 
competitive intensity playing out in motor and group health lines of business?  
Second is on the life insurance side. What is or how are we looking at the 
expected impact of the change in the commission structure that is expected to 
come in the next few months? And lastly, what is our strategy on the 
alternatives business? So, there was some news around Bajaj Alternatives 
wherein we're looking to raise about $1 billion? So, if we can talk about that, it 
would be helpful. Thanks. 
Ramandeep Sahni:  
Yes Tapan. The question was motor and GMC competitive intensity. 
Tapan Singhel: 
If you look at the market, and I mentioned just previously, the combined ratio 
industry has moved up by about 7% percentage points, and in one quarter it 
moved to 128% and then moved to 121%. Now that always happens when the 
competitive intensity is high in the market. I think that is where the combined 
ratio starts moving up.  
So, the point that you have mentioned, yes, there is competitive intensity in 
some businesses like motor, GMC, even in fire also. And I think for the last 
quarter it was more because of the EOM guidelines. I think a lot of companies 
which were above 30%, they wanted to ramp up their numbers so that they 
can come within 30% as per the EOM guidelines.  
So, if you look at it and pick up companies which had an EOM over 30% and 
look at last quarter their aggression, you will be able to understand how it 
moves. And then companies which had good EOM, you would watch that they 
would be positioned in terms of where they are. So, a lot of things depend on 
how the companies decide to play the turn.  
In such environment, the competitive intensity does move up, and that is why 
if you'll see from a company's perspective that we would slow down, as I 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
mentioned earlier, in places where we see competitive intensity moving up, 
and then when we see the pricing is right, then we move up.  
Because we have no pressure of EOM, I think we are one of those companies 
which have a comfortable expense of management, and we are well within it 
in terms of where we put together. So, we just don't write business to get our 
EOM right, we write business where it makes sense to write. 
Tarun Chugh: 
Okay, on the life insurance side, the question was on commission. We haven't 
yet received any message from the IRDAI, there is no draft circular yet, so a 
lot of this will be discussing hypothetically. But what I do understand is that the 
mood seems to be more on back-ending commission from front-ending.  
I don't know about the reduction of commission if there's any plan, nobody's 
really got any whiff on this till we get something from them. In either case, if 
this is executed to the T, it should only benefit the sector.  
It should bring down the EOM pressures, it should help the  persistency ratios, 
it should help customers getting a better proposition, and that is the whole 
intent of IRDAI to be able to pass this benefit to the customer. So, we just wait 
for that until that comes in. It's really very difficult to say anything beyond this 
at this point. 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Okay, on the Alts one, I'll just try to summarize. See, this was one of the white 
spaces we had identified. See, being a financial services powerhouse, we 
realized that Alt’s business is something which is growing pretty healthily 
globally also and not only in India, and we identified that as a white space last 
year and we had called it out in the investor day that, this is an area we will 
venture into.  
So, in the last six to eight months, we've actually built up the team, and as we 
speak, we are planning to start the PMS part . We've already got approval from 
SEBI. We should launch the listed equity in PMS very soon. On the other side, 
we are trying to launch some CAT II and CAT III AIFs, for which we have filed 
for approval with the regulator for a private equity AIF and a real estate AIF. 
And hopefully, you know, in the next quarter or so, we should get approval for 
that as well. 
So that's currently what we've done. The idea is also to get into some bit of 
listed equity for which we will soon be filing for approvals. So this is where we 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
stand today. I think in the next two quarters, e we will actually start rolling out 
our new products. That's the strategy as of now.  
And also the idea is that we get into a GIFT City structure to attract some NRI 
and foreign investors to take arbitrage of the tax benefit structure as well. So 
that's where we are currently. Beyond this, I think in the next few quarters, we 
will talk start talking about it as and when the business is launched. 
Divij Punjabi: 
Thanks, that was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants that you may press star and one 
to ask a question. Next question comes from the line of Nidhesh Jain with 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is on life insurance. So, on 
persistency, what is happening in your view on at the industry level and for you 
also, that persistency after improving post-COVID for four-five years, this year 
we are seeing decline across the companies on persistency? And how do you 
see persistency trends going forward? 
Tarun Chugh: 
  That's a very good question and that's something that worries all of us and is 
a focus segment of the sector. Overall if you look at it, there was a set of 
products which were introduced by a few market leaders about 12 to 18 months 
back. These products were early gratification products for the customer, and 
we did see people then not continuing once they did get benefits already 
available.  
Now that we were all expecting lower persistency in the sector, and we have 
just seen a result of that, the swing has been more than the expectation. But 
largely it is just one bucket that has impacted the entire sector. So,, we've 
degrown by about 1.8%, we expect that the sector has actually degrown even 
further.  
We had this product with us earlier, but we did not launch until it became 
necessary because distribution was just simply lapping it up in the market. I 
think we've hopefully and the entire sector has learned its lessons, and we 
don't do something like this again.  
As far as we're concerned, we've stopped selling this product and since 
October have anyways been bringing it down. At the same time, has it 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
impacted profitability? No, because the persistency was already baked in, in 
the entire process. But these kind of things should largely be avoided in the 
sector is the way I would answer that question. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sure. Secondly, sir, if you look at the data in terms of household 
preferences, so protection annuity I think they are growing at a very healthy 
pace. But on the savings side, what we are seeing that the preference towards 
mutual funds and equities has been increasing and it's not just a one-year 
trend, it has been a quite secular trend for last four-five years? 
So in that context, FD’s and life insurance deposits are losing share in the 
household savings. So in that context, how as an industry or as a large life 
insurance company, how do we plan for next let's say five years because I 
think every year the share of household savings towards insurance is 
gradually, which at a very gradual pace, but it is declining for sure. So how we 
stay relevant from a savings to capture the savings pie of a household? 
Tarun Chugh: 
Okay. No, that's a very good question and I'm sure it keeps most people awake. 
The way we have already  looked at it, although, is very different. We have 
ridded the SIP market in Bajaj Life as well. We today sell a lot of our ULIP plans 
in what we call as SISO. It's a  trademark that we've taken.  
It's a systematic in, systematic out plan where you put in money every month 
into ULIPs and over a period of time take the benefit of staying in the market 
for longer and take the benefit of then getting equivalent to monthly benefits 
over a period of your lifetime. For under INR 2,50,000 ticket size, this product 
also has all tax benefits available. It's actually a very sweet spot and it's 
something that is growing for us.  
We've looked at the entire market and nobody's been able to run this 
distribution within the annual mode products. We expect that to bring in a lot 
more of the benefits that SIPs in market do bring in. As for the rest of the 
product architecture, a lot of that is on structured benefits available to 
customers and we are largely linked to life goals, whether they are on child 
saving, long-term savings, or addressing the risk of  mortality and longevity.  
These risks are real and while in a lot of our spaces the mutual fund market is 
also pretty much playing, and which is why  Bajaj Group has both mutual fund 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
and a life insurance company, we play in the same space sometimes of course, 
but  with a product that has a different cast and a different benefit.  
So, an annuity product, for example, is something that others   cannot easily 
provide but life insurance companies offers them long-term guarantees. As you 
can see, this trend has been going up. And that's a very healthy trend,, 
because nobody else can offer that. 
So there are some unique spaces we have and largely in structured products, 
and we expect those to just keep growing as there is more wealth in the hands 
of Indians, which is usually is a positive trend in that case. The rest, of course, 
is also linked to the distribution we keep creating, and there is still so much 
more scope. If you notice, the life insurance sector is possibly invested most in 
terms of number of branches, frontline sales, and the number of advisors that 
we have. I think that should only just keep growing in the future. So that would 
always remain a positive for the sector. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. And my two questions is on the other businesses, which 
is Finserv Markets. So if I look at Finserv Markets, that revenue has been quite 
flattish for a long time. It's a digital business, ideally it should grow at a pretty 
healthy pace. But I think last 15-16 quarters the revenue has been flattish. So 
what is the strategy here and what is going on here? 
Ashish Panchal: 
 I'll break this into two parts. The company has two divisions, what we call as 
Bajaj Markets as customer-facing name is our marketplace in BFSI. And there, 
we have 100 plus manufacturers as our partners across lending, insurance, 
AMCs, credit card offered by banks and so and so forth. There the revenues 
grew healthily up until FY'26, wherein as Raman said in his presentation, owing 
to our migration of platform and owing to the need to be compliant to RBI's new 
DLD guidelines, we had decreased revenues for one year. 
But the revenues are coming back onto track in FY'27 as per our plan. Also, 
the nature of the revenues is changing. Now we have a few partnerships which 
have trail revenue, which provides it stability and non-linearity which will play 
out as the quarters pass by, and you shall see that our stated aim of break-
even very soon, probably by the end of this year, is a possibility as the quarters 
pass by within this year. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
The second reason is that over the last four years, we have invested in building 
a technology services business. It is a business that leverages the group's 
technology capabilities, across all group companies. We offered these 
technology solutions to companies within the group, then we went outside of 
the group to rest of the companies in India and offered it to some of the 
companies, then we went to Middle East, and now we have established a 
subsidiary in US. 
And therefore, this phase of investment in technology services as a parallel 
business as per the long-range strategy that we have for the company has also 
meant that outwardly looking, the revenues look flattish, but both the 
businesses are poised to deliver and you shall see it in the coming quarters. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure And lastly, if you can share the number of paying users in Bajaj Finserv 
Health? I think Bajaj Finserv Health is showing decent growth now, but what is 
the count of paying users there? 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
We are just looking at the data. Maybe we can take just give it to you offline. 
Nidhesh, we'll give it to you offline, we don't have it handy. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question comes from the line of Nischint Chawathe with 
Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Hi, just thanks for the opportunity. Just continuing with Bajaj Finserv Health,  
based on the current business trajectory, when do you really,  expect a break-
even? 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
I think we are about two years from that is what we have envisaged. See, if 
you look at the business model the way we've built it over a period of time, and 
I think we called it out during our Investor Day also, from the scale perspective, 
I think we've achieved a significant part of it. We are seeing that the growth is 
healthy, 40% to 50% quarter-on-quarter, number of transactions are just 
moving up. 
I think it is the point at which the operating efficiency starts kicking in. And what 
we did in our LRS was that, you know, I think 24 months from now we should 
start seeing an operating break-even. That's where we stand today. Now this 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
is basis current estimate. After we do the next year's LRS, maybe we'll give 
you a more finer number in which quarter of which year will be break-even. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And in Finserv Markets, , are you also looking at a sort of an aggregator 
model like probably what a Paisabazaar is doing? 
Ashish Panchal: 
As a marketplace, both Paisabazaar, , and our platform  are not too different 
online. They have various manufacturers signed up with them, just as we  have 
our own set of manufacturers who've signed up with us. Regarding the offline, 
I'm not sure what you mean by aggregators, that is generally the term used for  
DSAs in the offline world. 
We have our own omnichannel methods, but those are mostly to complete the 
customer journey and to assist the customers who've come online. So, if you 
mean doing a DSA business purely offline, then no, that's not the plan. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it, You know, just talking about IFRS, As you  mentioned that you worked 
out your numbers under IFRS 17. So I was curious why would you sort of not 
declare those numbers or not follow the IFRS 17 guidelines from June? 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
See, Nischint, as you know that there is a lot of ambiguity around certain 
assumptions which one has to take while drawing the IFRS numbers. For 
example, level of aggregation, currently also, different companies who are 
reporting to IRDAI are following different methodologies. And so, given the 
quantum of lack of clarity which is there today in terms of standardizing things 
across various constituents, I think it's too early to start publishing these 
numbers. 
See, if we were a mono-line player, then it was fairly easy, we could have done 
it. But for a multi-line player like ours, taking a call without having any clarity 
from the regulator or the industry as such, even the council can decide, may 
not be the right thing because you'll end up reporting something and then you 
have to tweak it a little later. 
So as an industry, at a council level, we've been working jointly with the other 
insurers to bring some kind of uniformity in terms of various decisions one has 
to take. Now either the regulator can decide and let us know, for which I'm told 
that a committee has been formed and soon we should get some clarity on 
some of these matters, or as an industry we will have to take a call. So, this is 
just one example. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Then there are many more things, like for example, what are the tax 
repercussions on whatever calls we will take on the opening adjustments? So 
there are multiple such things on which clarity is still awaited, and hence we 
don't believe it's wise to go live before clarity emerges either from the regulator 
or from the council and there's uniformity across players. 
So this is where we stand today, and hence you would have seen in most of 
the companies who've announced their results have anyway said that they are 
seeking forbearance for a year. Barring some of the mono-line ones because 
they are relatively in a easier position, but amongst the multi-line players in GI 
and even the larger players on the life side, I think everybody is in a similar 
situation and awaiting clarity. And hopefully from 1st of April, '27, you will see 
most of us start publishing the numbers. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay. Just one small one on health side, right, on the retail health side. We've 
seen a fair amount of growth in retail health business post the GST cut. How 
has been the trend with you because we just get to see the overall growth 
numbers, we don't get to see the split between new and renewal. So if you 
could give some color on that? 
Tapan Singhel: 
If you look at the retail health, initially after GST, it did give business and then 
it move started getting back to normalization as to market. Overall if you look 
at the movement happened in health, if you look at our own company, I think 
quarter four, Avais, our growth of health was how much total? 
Avais Karmali: 
Quarter four,  the total health growth for the company was standing at 30% 
versus the industry at 18.1%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Retail was 17%, right?  
Tapan Singhel: 
Yes, if you observe, the industry grew at 17% in quarter four , but our growth 
was over the industry in terms of overall growth for the segment. But health is 
an important piece from a company perspective also and industry perspective 
also. While there was an initial upside due to GST , but overall I feel slowly 
coming back to normalcy as it progresses. 
Nishint Chawathe: 
Got it, got it. And just one last one, the wealth business comes under which 
company or which vertical? 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
So, the wealth company is being set up under Bajaj Finance. 

 
 
Bajaj Finserv Limited 
 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Nishint Chawathe: 
Got it. Thanks, those were my questions and all the best. 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Thank you, Nishint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. We 
have reached the end of question-and-answer session. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ramandeep Sahni: 
Thank you for all the nice questions and I think there was one question which 
is lying unanswered, and Nidhesh, we'll just reply to that offline. Thank you, 
everybody, and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Bajaj Finserv Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect. 
