SEDEMAC 
Innovative Controls 
 
SEDEMAC Mechatronics Limited 
 
(Formerly SEDEMAC Mechatronics Private Limited) 
Registered Office & Technical Center: Survey No. 270/1/A/2, Pallod Farms, Baner Road, Baner, Baner Gaon, Haveli, Pune- 
411045, Maharashtra, India. Tel: +91 20 6715 7200 
Mfg. Facility I: G-1, MIDC, Phase- III, Chakan Industrial Area, Nighoje, Pune 410501, MH, India. Tel: +91 2135 623 200 
Mfg. Facility II: Survey No.64/5, Bhide Baug Industrial Estate, Wadgaon Budruk, Pune 411041, MH, India. Tel: +91 20 6750 2200 
e-mail: cs@sedemac.com                                          Website: www.sedemac.com                              CIN: U29253PN2007PLC246956 
May 22, 2026 
  
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited,  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Corporate Relations Department, 
 
 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
           Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street,   
 
 
 
 
G block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip code: 544723 
 
 
 
 
NSE Symbol: SEDEMAC 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings conference call on Audited Financial Results for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the conference call held on May 18, 2026, to discuss 
the audited financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026, conducted after 
the meeting of the Board of Directors held on May 18, 2026. 
 
This intimation will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at https://www.sedemac.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
For SEDEMAC Mechatronics Limited   
(Formerly SEDEMAC Mechatronics Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Prasad Rajendra Chavan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer       
Membership No.: A49921  
 
 
Encl: As above 
Prasad Rajendra 
Chavan
Digitally signed by 
Prasad Rajendra Chavan 
Date: 2026.05.22 15:09:36 
+05'30'

 
 
SEDEMAC Mechatronics Limited  
 
Q4FY26 & FY26, Investor Earnings Call 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
 
Prof. Shashikanth Suryanarayanan  
- Managing Director 
 
 
Mr. Amit Arun Dixit   
 
 
- Joint Managing Director 
 
 
Mr. Rajesh Sheth    
 
 
- Chief Financial Officer 
 
  
  

SEDEMAC Q4FY26  FY26, Investor  Earnings Call (via MS Teams)-
20260518_113113UTC-Meeting Recording 
18 May 2026, 17:00 pm 
1h 20m 27s 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:24 
We'll start the first investor call of our journey as a listed company. Some of you who 
have engaged with SEDEMAC before, 
would have come to other calls like this. We had six of them, in fact, prior to us 
initiating the IPO process. 
But for many people, this will be new. And of course, for us, this is the first as a listed 
company. 
Yeah, there are three people on this call. Amit will be the main talker. Amit is the joint 
managing director, and he will do the presentation. 
and I will take over for the Q&A. 
 
 
Amit Dixit   2:22 
Yeah, thanks, Shashi. Good afternoon, everybody. I mean, the standard disclaimer 
will make some statements which may be forward-looking in nature based on our 
today's beliefs and assumptions, and the actual results may be materially different. 
Since there can be several people who have not engaged with us so far, I'll just 
spend a minute in providing a brief introduction about what we do, etc. 
So we design and supply critical control intensive ECUs, that is electronic control 
units, to major vehicle and industrial equipment manufacturers in India, US and 
Europe. 
So when I say critical, it means the products that we sell are critical to the 
application. So if our products don't work, then some core functionality of the vehicle 
or the industrial equipment will not work. So it's critical to application. Control 
intensive means our products will incorporate some sort of non-trivial understanding, 
so physics, math of the application and of the, you know, of the system for which they 
are applied. 
And many of our products incorporate novel control technologies that we build in-
house. Okay, so the entire technology building, product design, manufacturing is all 
done completely in-house. We do not have any technical collaboration. 
And we sell these ECUs in fairly large numbers, in millions, as you can see from the 
bar chart. In FY26, we sold more than 3.9 million of this control intensive ECUs, 
which was more than 60% compared to FY25. In fact, since majority of our revenue 

comes from the sale of control intensive ECUs. This number of ECUs is actually a 
good proxy for our 
revenue, so a change in the number of control intensive ECUs is, you know, gives a 
ballpark idea of the change in revenue. 
 
So coming to Q4 FY26 financials, there is a very big revenue growth that we have 
seen in Q4, more than 60%, along with even higher growth, even higher growth in 
our profitability. That is EBITDA and PAT. And of course, 
profitability growth is higher than the revenue growth because of several reasons. 
One of them is the operating leverage. 
And a similar trend of growth is also seen for our annual results. So our FY26 
revenue was 1,058 crore, the first time that we have crossed 1,000 crore in revenue, 
highest ever. And it was a 61% up compared to FY25 revenue.  
 
 
Amit Dixit   5:22 
It was a three-year CAGR of 36%. So in our business, we feel that this three-year 
CAGR in various metrics is a good way to look at because of the nature of the 
business. And this strong revenue growth has also come with a growth in profitability 
percentage as well, as well as much higher growth in the absolute terms in profits. 
And all this is happening with very excellent RoCE percentage. Our RoCE for FY26 
was 40%. So overall, this is a story of high growth, profitable growth, while being 
capital efficient. So it's a very strong sort of performance. And if you look at the 
business segments that we are operating in, 
There is mobility and industrial and the split is also shown here. So as you can see 
from this split, the growth has come from both the mobility as well as industrial 
segments. Okay, the strong growth is on both mobility and industrial, which is also 
not usual. 
So, in the next slide, we'll give more insights about this FY26 performance, the non-
numbers, the qualitative insights. So, the markets that we saw today, of course, 
today's revenue has come from these markets, current markets. On the mobility side, 
are two and three wheelers, both ICE, two and three wheelers, that is engine 
powered, as well as electric. And on the industrial side, the backup power 
generators. And the main products that we sell are motor controllers. So ISG ECU is 
a motor controller for ICE. ISG + EFI, of course, also has motor controller and the 
MCUs, which is used for EVs. 
Then engine controllers, the EFI ECU is the engine controller, both for the mobility as 
well as industrial. And then genset controllers, which are supervisory controllers. 

More details about these products, etc. are in our RHP. So now coming to the key 
updates. 
The first is on the ISG ECU for ICE 3 wheeler. So there was a big ramp up in FY26 of 
our ISG ECU for ICE 3 wheeler. This happened along with the OBD 2B norm change 
that came into effect from 1st April. 
Of 2025, and as a result of that, now in the domestic Ice three-wheeler market, there 
is a widespread adoption of SEDEMAC ISG. 
Okay, and the adoption of ISG on exports is also happening. It has started and we 
expect it to ramp up further. 
Then the second update is on the ramp up of our MCUs for electric two and three 
wheelers. Our e3W MCU was launched in Q4 of FY25 and it saw the ramp up in 
FY26. And our e2W MCU SOP happened in FY26 and a partial ramp up has also 
happened. This of course is important for us because now our EV MCU volumes 
have also come to decent numbers. 
Then there was a significant ramp up of our ISG + EFI ECU, this product. And this is 
important. This happened along with the, again, the OBD to B norm change. And this 
is relevant because the ISG + EFI product where the ISG ECU and EFI ECU are 
combined together in a single electronic unit. 
This makes the ISG proposition even more compelling, because in, you know, with 
respect to buying the ISG and EFI ECU separately, if OEM decides to buy ISG +  EFI 
ECU, then there are significant cost benefits on account of integration of electronics. 
So we believe that this ISG plus EFI proposition is going to be crucial in increasing 
the adoption of ISG technology. 
And finally, in terms of just the number of two, three-wheelers produced with ISG in 
India, it was 8.4 million in FY26 compared to if you look at three years back, it was 
5.1 million. So it can be seen that as a technology, the penetration of ISG has been 
increasing. 
And importantly, SEDEMAC is crucial in making this technology adoption happen. If 
you look at the FY26 volume growth, more than 80% of that came because of 
SEDEMAC. That is, it was with SEDEMAC ISG. Okay, so we are crucial in 
driving this adoption of ISG technology. And now three out of the top 4 two-wheeler 
OEMs in India use our sensorless ISG. 
You know, again, those who are not familiar, our ISG incorporates our sensorless 
motor control technology. We call it SLC technology. It's A fundamental motor 
control technology which has wide applicability, including ISG, EV MCUs, you know, 
as well as different other applications. 
And on the industrial side, there was a market launch and ramp up of our EFI ECUs 
for the North American genset market. So what happened there was that the 

dominant market leader adopted our EFI ECU as default in some of their key models. 
Okay, so these were the key updates from FY26. And importantly, if you see it is not 
just the significant revenue and profitability growth, that is the number growth that 
has happened, but there have been several developments which have made the 
business more robust. So for example, this 
ICE three-wheeler ISG ECU, then this, you know, e3W MCU, and then this EFI ECU, 
these three are with three different customers. 
Okay, so the share of other customers is also increasing. I mean, the growth is 
coming across different customers. Then of course, this e2W wheeler and E 3-
wheeler MCUs ramping up is a sign that we are making a dent in the EV market as 
well. 
So overall, it's not just that it was a great year in terms of numbers, but it has also 
made the business more robust. The developments have made the business more 
robust. 
Now coming to the markets under development, these markets are, of course, we 
are not selling to, but engaged with, which include on the mobility side, the 
commercial vehicle, both engine powered as well as electric, and the power tools on 
the industrial side. 
On the commercial vehicle, our after treatment controller is likely to get into 
production in H2 of FY27. The development is on track. This will of course be the first 
SOP for us for the CV market. Then this market basically becomes a current market 
for us. And then the EFI ECU and MCU development is also on track. 
Importantly, on the power tool side, we have had the first BizWin done with a small 
but established power tool maker for the motor controller with the sensorless control 
technology. Now, this power tool market is a, in terms of numbers, a massive market, 
more than 300 million power-tools are sold every year.  
So, you know, of course, the first business win is with a small player, and we don't 
know, you know, how big we can get in the overall market. But purely in terms of 
numbers, it's a massive market. So it's an important development, and it is a motor 
controller with our sensorless control technology. 
The start of production is likely to happen over the next four to five quarters. 
 
Then this strong revenue growth has basically meant that our capacity utilization, the 
manufacturing capacity utilisation has been quite high. So we are also investing in 
new manufacturing plants. So this MF1 is our current manufacturing plant. We are 
also putting together this MF3, which has a much bigger shop floor space compared 
to our current plant. And the shipment of ECUs from this plant is expected to happen 
from Q2 of this financial year. Then there is also this MF4, which is a plant that is 

made for manufacturing of electric machines / electric motors. And we expect the 
shipments to start from Q3 of this financial year. In addition, we have also acquired 
land in Shoolagiri for future shipments to customers who have plants in the southern 
India region. 
So we are expanding our manufacturing capacity significantly. And one thing to note 
here is that what we are doing here is that we are laying out the basic infrastructure, 
you know, for increasing the manufacturing capacity substantially and the actual line 
capex that is actually putting the manufacturing equipments 
is something that we will do in accordance with the business forecast. 
Now, when we are expanding the capacity or when you talk about revenue growth, a 
natural question that arises is how is this growth going to get funded? So this chart 
that is made is to provide some pointers towards that. So what you see here, the 
area charts are 
the sources of funds. So we have debt, then the internal accruals and the equity 
capital, these three. And the bars are where the investment is happening. So there is 
working capital, then tangible investments. Tangible investment mostly is the plant. 
and plant related investments. And then the cumulative product development 
expenses. So we invest into building products, you know, the ECU products. So this 
is the investment that goes in that. 
So some things that are useful to note is that if you look at the plant CapEx, so if you 
just look at this number, this 227 crore is the cumulative plant CapEx that we have 
done till March of 2025. 
Okay. And usually what happens is that the plant CapEx, you know, is what will lead 
to revenue. And if the utilisation of capacity is high, then this plant CapEx to this 
revenue, next year's revenue, because of course the planned CapEx has to be done 
in a few months ahead. 
 
 
 
Amit Dixit   16:25 
gives you a good relationship on for high capacity utilization, a certain plant 
investment will result in what sort of revenue? Okay, so if you simply look at these 
numbers, then this year we did 1058 crore with high capacity utilization, which 
essentially means that 
 
 
 
Amit Dixit   16:44 

this 227 crore of tangible investment that we have done, that has led to roughly, you 
can say, 1058 crore of revenue. In fact, it's a little bit more because our Q4 
annualised rate was more than this. Okay, so roughly, you would say 20% to 22% 
sort of 
 
 
 
 
Amit Dixit   17:05 
CapEx, plant CapEx is required or tangible CapEx is required for us to generate 
additional revenue compared to what we have today. Similarly, if you look at the 
working capital number, which tends to be more, you know, less of a delay between 
the investment and the realisation of revenue. So for 
1058 crore revenue. We have had 135 crore of working capital investment, so that 
gives you a ratio of about 13% or so. 
Okay, so for 100 crore of additional revenue, additional revenue, we would need a 
one-time investment of about 20 crore in fixed assets. And so plant CapEx and 
roughly 13 crore to 15 crore or maybe 12 to 15 crore. 
in working capital. So that sort of gives you an idea of what sort of investment is 
required. And if you look at our internal crash accruals, you know, you can see that it 
is quite significant. So our EBIT percentage, if you see our EBITDA has been more 
than 20% and our EBIT 
is roughly 15%. So a large portion of the growth or the EBIT can find a significant 
amount of growth is what comes out from this. Also, if you look at this orange bar, 
that is the product development. 
investment that we have done. It's about 256 crore. And this design of unique 
products, you know, is what propels growth. And this 250 crore bit of investment that 
we have done so far. You know, that has been crucial in attending this sort of 
revenue growth. 
So now coming to the risk assessment survey. So in the first week of May, we had 
conducted this survey of risk assessment where we had invited about 20 of the 
investment professionals to provide feedback on the risks in our business. There 
were a set of risks covered. 
You know, including customer concentration, then you know, ISG penetration, 
product quality, delivery, then the markets going down, EV relevance, et cetera, 
several factors. And what you see here is the overall summary. So the number of 
responses, you know, for this risk, eight people had assessed. 
This risk is low, you know, that sort of a thing, and then the overall risk score. This is 

a weighted average of these three responses, so zero for low, 0.5 for medium, and 
one for high. So, this is the weighted average, and this is a summary of the result, 
and as... 
You know, a couple of comments here. First of all, if you look at the top three of 
these, it is 0.37, 0.38 and 0.34. So in each case, it is less than 0.5, which was the 
medium score that we had assigned. So essentially what we are saying is that the top 
risks as assessed. 
Assessed by the, you know, people who took the survey are between low and 
medium. 
Okay, so none of them in average sense is even medium. Secondly, these risks 
themselves, you know, are quite reasonable. I mean, as an investment for an 
investor, we would think that these are, you know, the right sort of risks that the 
investor should be looking at. 
So in the next slide, we'll comment on these top three risks. 
The first is about customer concentration. And the metric that is shown here is the 
percentage revenue from the biggest customer minus the sum of revenue from the 
next four. We think that this is a reasonable metric to look at. It gives you a sense of 
how the customer concentration is shaping up. And as you can see, over the last 
three, 
 
 
 
Amit Dixit   21:15 
financial years, this metric is coming down, which is not surprising given there has 
been a significant growth in different markets as well as with different customers. So 
apart from just the metric, there are a couple of comments that are worth noting. 
sort of entity that we have, the sort of business that we have, where we take some 
unique propositions to the market and attempt a widespread deployment of that. It is 
often the case that initially there is an anchor customer who adopts the solution. And 
once it is deployed in good volume by the anchor customer, then the other 
customers come in. 
So it is very natural that in the early stages of the, you know, when the adoption is 
happening, there is some sort of a customer concentration. We have seen this in the 
past in the other propositions that we have made. And what we have found is that if 
we succeed, then over a period of time, the customer concentration. 
comes down. Also, fundamentally, we are in the automotive industry where the 
number of big customers itself is small. 
And also the products that we are selling are, like I mentioned, they are complex 

products. They are, you know, critical to application products, which means that 
there is a significant investment done by the customer in adopting our products. So it 
is a sort of a sticky business with mutual dependence. 
Then coming to the two three-wheeler EV relevance, I think just the metric itself is 
enough. So in FY26, we had about 7.4% of the two three-wheeler revenue coming 
from EV products, that is EV MCU essentially. And if you look at the penetration, 
of EVs in the E2-wheeler market, or if you look at combined E2-wheeler and three-
wheeler market, then we feel that as long as we are broadly in the same ballpark as 
the EV penetration, we are in fact robust because we are not overly dependent on 
EVs as well as, you know, not overly dependent on ICE. And in time to come, we do 
think that... 
this penetration will also further increase. 
The third risk was about R&D efforts, you know, not yielding future solutions, future 
compelling propositions. Fundamentally, because R&D, you know, this new 
technology development is fundamentally a high risk thing. It's an uncertain thing. 
So this risk is never going to go away for anybody. It's not just SEDEMAC. This is not 
going to go away for any innovative company, wherever the company is. So one can 
only argue looking at the track record. So far, our track record has been quite good. 
We have consistently been able to come up with new propositions and see the 
widespread. 
deployment of that. So we will essentially have to leave it at that. 
Now coming to the FY27 outlook, we are listing both the key growth drivers as well 
as the key dampeners, anticipated dampeners. On the growth driver, the SEDEMAC 
ISG issue is going to get introduced on three popular 
That is, you know, models that consistently feature in the top 10 sold in India, 
motorcycle models of three of the top four OEMs. Okay, this is likely to happen. So 3 
motorcycles, which are popular motorcycles, they appear in top 10, are going to 
have ISG. From SEDEMAC. 
OK, and these three are three different customers. 
So all these motorcycles are with wet magneto. The wet magneto configuration 
essentially means that the sensorless control technology that we have becomes very 
crucial. The standard hall sensor-based ISG cannot be used for this. Out of these, 
two launches are expected in Q1, and for one of them, 
At our end, the production has already started. Production and dispatches have 
already started. And the third launch is expected in Q4 of this FY. 
Then the second driver is going to be the e2W MCUs. It got launched in Q3 of FY26 
and a partial ramp up had happened. We expect it to ramp up further this financial 
year. 

And then the ramp up of ISG ECUs for the export three-wheeler. I briefly mentioned 
this, that for the India market, the three-wheeler ISG ECUs is now widespread and for 
export it has started. The SOP has already happened in Q4 and now we're in the 
ramp up phase. 
Now coming to the dampeners, as you know, everybody would be aware, over the 
last year there has been significant inflation of commodity prices. And in addition, we 
are also seeing some tightening of the semiconductor supply chain. And as a result 
of that, some RM cost increase 
is likely and it will, you know, it is expected to put a mild pressure on EBITDA 
percentage. We don't expect this to be anything dramatic, but some pressure is to be 
expected. I think this will be the case across the industry. 
And secondly, there are reports of a strong El Nino in CY26 being active. So if that 
happens, then it could potentially have negative impact on Indian monsoon and also 
on the US hurricane season. And the potential impact on Indian monsoon could 
translate to impact on the India's two-wheeler market. 
And the US hurricane season, if it gets impacted, it could have some impact on the 
US home stand by generator market. Both are the markets that we are, you know, 
selling to in quite some volume. 
Okay, so to summarize, we have had a very strong FY26, strong revenue growth, 
60% plus, and now we are more, we are 1000 crore plus revenue company, more 
than 200 crore EBITDA, 21% EBITDA percentage, and more than 100 crore PAT with 
extremely strong RoCE. So there are very few companies. 
with this sort of a combination of numbers. 
FY27 is also looking good with the introduction of ISG on more models, so more ISG 
penetration and that too in the top models. And then continued e2W MCU growth. 
And like I mentioned, we do see some challenges, but we don't expect them to be 
significant. 
And over the year, because of various developments, there has been evidence of 
risk mitigation, including on customer concentration, 2/3W EV relevance. And we are 
also putting up plans to ease the capacity utilization. 
Okay, so that's it. We can go to Q&A. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   28:16 
Yeah, I think I'll go by hand raises. I may not go by exactly the same order in which 
you raise the hand, but I'll see the people I've conducted. 
So we'll go start with Priyansh. You can introduce yourself and then ask your 
question.  

 
Priyansh Miri   28:48 
Hello, sir, hope I'm audible. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   28:50 
Yeah, now you are audible. 
 
Priyansh Miri   28:52 
OK, yeah. Sir, my is Priyansh. I'm an analyst at NGP Family Office. Great set of 
numbers, sir. Congrats to the execution and the whole management team. Sir, my 
first question is on the MF3 and MF4 as well as the Shoolgiri. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   29:03 
Thank you. 
 
Priyansh Miri   29:11 
a capex that we are doing, what sort of product that we are going to target from the 
production standpoint and what is the like 100% utilisation or max potential revenue 
out of this site if you can throw some light on that. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   29:28 
Have you looked at our RHP carefully? 
 
Priyansh Miri   29:33 
yes, sir 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   29:35 
Yeah, so the RHP sort of sets it out. MF3. Amit, can you go to that slide? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   29:46 
So MF3 will produce ECUs, things that we are selling today. 
It will produce, it will effectively become our mother plant for ECUs and it will provide 
the 3x opportunity to grow. So our current mother plant is 40,000 square foot. This is 
120,000 square foot. So if we have the same product mix, you can think 3x, we can 
grow up to 3x. 
Second is that MF4, we have already mentioned to you that we'll produce electric 
machines, which are motor specific. So we will start selling electric machines for the 
two-wheeler industry soon. So these are the two things that we will sell, controllers 

and electric machines. 
So, even in the Shoolagiri plant, whenever it comes up, we will sell the same things. 
 
Priyansh Miri   30:41 
OK, so I just want to understand, like, are they plan fungible or dedicated to specific 
product type 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   30:49 
No, they're fungible too. 
 
Priyansh Miri   30:49 
okay. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   30:53 
The lines themselves are fungible. 
 
Priyansh Miri   30:56 
Oh, understood, sir. I will join back on it. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   31:02 
You go Mukesh. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   31:06 
Yes, sir, good evening. I hope I'm audible. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   31:08 
Yeah, yeah, of course. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   31:10 
Okay, so my first question is more on the ISG penetration. Based on what you 
mentioned, 8.6 million kind of ISGs that the industry has already seen. So we are at 
about 35 to 37 percent penetration and the same number if I look at F25 was 
probably 25 percent. 
So, and given that you're 80% of this incremental number, could you give some 
understanding on how you see this penetration evolve for the next couple of years? 
That'll probably give us some sense, given that you have 3 new motorcycles, etc. 
coming up. 

 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   31:41 
Yeah. 
Yeah, so can you go to that slide, FY27 Outlook, or maybe the FY26 number? 
Okay, so the first thing is that the numbers, it should be clear, India produced about 
27 million two, three wheelers, including exports, if you look at exports. Some of our 
stuff has started going into exports, but like you mentioned, most of it is in domestic. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   32:05 
Right. 
Okay. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   32:15 
One way to think about whether the penetration is really happening in a significant 
way is to look at the question of whether the penetration of the top 10 models is 
working out right. Okay, so it's not a secret anymore on which models in the top 10 
have ISG. So there is the 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   32:34 
Honda Activa, there is a Honda Shine. These are the two top 10 models from Honda 
which have ISG. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   32:40 
Then there is a TVS Jupiter, there is a TVS XL 100, and one variant of the Pulsar 
which have ISG. There is a Raider sometimes comes in the top 10, sometimes not in 
the top 10. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   32:48 
Right. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   32:53 
Then there are vehicles which are in the top 10, which have not yet gotten ISG, you 
know, the Splendor class, then the Apache. 
 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   33:04 
many variants of pulsar etc. So there are various things, vehicle models that have not 
fully adopted. 

So the increasing penetration that we mentioned to you on motorcycle models 
coming up in FY27 is not very difficult to figure out which models this will go into. 
Okay. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   33:22 
Sure. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   33:24 
And what we have maintained as the proponents of ISG and also given the ISG 
adoption and given ISG + EFI making it easier and easier for ISG itself to be 
consumed without seeing cost delta, significant cost delta, we think all ICE 2 
wheelers will have ISG eventually. So when that eventuality will happen, we don't 
know. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   33:39 
Right. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   33:47 
and how fast it will happen also we don't know. But these are, it's dictated by 
divisions of OEMs who look at competition, who look at whether their engineering 
abilities are suited, aligned, also their own plans of various features and various 
models or does global product planning. 
for example. So all of that put together leads to the decisions for people to adopt or 
not. But overall, we believe that it will be there in everything. All ICE will eventually 
have ISG. Is what we believe. When we make a statement like that, we are talking 
about very large percentages. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   34:10 
 
Okay. 
Correct. 
 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   34:38 
was coming in, etc. So that journey is going to continue for several more years. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   34:44 
Got it, got it. That's clear. And second question is, again, in relation to this, you 

mentioned about the ISG + EFI ECU in the early growth phase. While we do 
understand, you know, the reasons why it kind of makes sense for the OEM to adopt, 
Is there a reason why they will just buy only the ISG ECU from you and not the 
ISG+EFI ECU? The reason I'm asking this question is, yeah, the reason I'm asking 
this question is, I mean, we know your ISG volume, so can we kind of assume a very 
aggressive ISG + EFI volume for you because it just makes a lot of sense for the 
OEM to buy that product. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   35:09 
Yeah, they could do that. 
No, no, what do you what do you assume about as we cannot as assumption is an 
assumption. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   35:26 
Sure, sure. No, the reason, the question here is, will they not, will, is there a reason 
for them not to buy the ISG + EFI product? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   35:34 
Yeah, so there is a reason. It depends on whether they want to depend on both ISG 
and EFI on us. Okay. EFI has had a history of its own sources. And for various 
reasons, the commitments that they've made or, you know, some performance that 
they've seen or integrated something else with it. 
 
 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   35:53 
etc. They may want to maintain the EFI source, but in many cases, they may not want 
to maintain it either. So ultimately, it is a very hard proposition to argue against. 
Okay, ISG plus EFI will win on numbers and on performance, it will win. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   35:58 
Thank you. 
Right. 
No. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   36:13 
So you will have to have a strategic reason. Strategic reason means something other 
than money. You have to have a reason for why you may not want to go with one 

source on that. And those could be valid reasons. So we are not saying that 
everywhere it will be the case that ISG plus EFI will happen. But increasingly it will 
happen because 
 
Mukesh Saraf   36:14 
Oh. 
Right. 
The. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   36:31 
it will keep eroding into the strategic argument. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   36:35 
Got it, got it. Makes sense, and just the last one very quickly, would you be able to 
provide any sense on the markets and the development, like for example, you have 
the ACU SOP starting the second-half, any sense you're providing on the potential 
volumes, potential revenue of some of these new product lines? 
If you are providing, I'd be happy to hear that. Thank you. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   36:59 
No, we are not providing any numbers, quantitative numbers. I think it will start 
becoming more and more evident as the months and years progress by. And once 
that gets some degree of steam, I think you will start seeing some of it in the... 
 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   37:18 
Volume numbers that we share, and also you will hear a little bit about that during 
our future calls. 
 
Mukesh Saraf   37:18 
Right. 
Got it. Thank you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   37:31 
I don't know if I'm following the order in which the hand raises have come. I have 6 
hand raises. I'll go to Nisarg. 
 
Nisarg Shah   37:40 

Thank you so much, sir, for the opportunity. I am an investment associate at PKD 
Investments. So my first and also congratulations on great set of numbers. So my 
first question comes on the EV market side. So I understand that we're producing 
MCUs in EV. 
So which are the customers that are adopting it in the early stage and what is the 
next phase of growth in this? And what is SEDEMAC's right to win for MCUs as 
compared to legacy players in the MCU market? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   38:15 
Yeah, so first of all, we will not say who we are selling what to exactly. If you are 
aware of the marketplace and you open up vehicles and there are a lot of YouTube 
videos and you will know which vehicles our stuff goes on, we can tell you that we 
only engage with the top players. So we are talking about the leader 
or leaders in the market who adopt our MCUs. Secondly, regarding what is special 
about our MCUs, again, I do not know, it seems like you have not read our RHP, but if 
you have, you will know that one of the things that will become significant for us in 
the future is that we'll be the only company in the world. 
 
Nisarg Shah   38:37 
No. 
Yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   38:51 
which will have sensorless enabled even in electric two-wheelers. Okay, are you 
aware that we have something called sensorless commutation? 
 
Nisarg Shah   39:02 
Yes, I thought it was. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   39:04 
So that is the technology. So every single EV electric machine, whether it is up-
mounted or mid-mounted, uses some sort of physical sensor to tell it the position of 
the road with respect to the stator and therefore uses that information for a job called 
commutation. Without commutation, you cannot 
Run the electric machine, and especially hub motors, these are prone to failures. I 
mean, there are a plethora of videos for that, even our website hosts some. 
And essentially, we'll be the first to do that. So the right to win is not only on this 
technology, but it is also that we are already one of the largest makers of motor 

controllers in the country. We produce more than 3 million motor controllers a year 
already. There is nobody else except Shindengen 
 
Nisarg Shah   39:53 
Yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   39:53 
maybe who produces that as many for mobility application. 
So not only is the technology strong and unique, where we have a global first order 
position, but we also have a very well-oiled supply chain, very well-oiled set of 
designs, which are well-tested across various applications. So we think if anybody 
from the supplier space is going to 
win the motor controller game, we are definitely one of them. 
 
Nisarg Shah   40:22 
Thank you so much for that clarity. So the second question was related to margins. Is 
there any guidance because there are new products coming in. So what is the 
margin impact going to be moving ahead in the quarters? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   40:37 
We won't provide you any information on product level margins. You will have to wait 
for the future quarters to see that. In general, the basic comment is very simple, and I 
think everybody knows it, is that your long-term competitive advantage determines 
your long-term margins. 
So our pricing in the automotive market is not, you can't simply increase or decrease 
prices easily. They get ossified over a long period of discussions with customers. And 
what we are, the numbers we have presented to you also includes EV motor 
controllers, it also includes Genset controllers. 
It of course includes 2-3 wheeler ICE as well. So it's a blend, but we will not be able 
to comment on individual margins of product lines. 
 
Nisarg Shah   41:31 
No worries, thank you so much. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   41:41 
We can go to Radha. 

 
Radha   41:46 
Hi, sir, am I audible? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   41:49 
Yeah, yeah, you are good. 
 
Radha   41:49 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, ISG ECUs are often perceived to be more suitable 
for cost optimization in the mass market commuter vehicles. So, how competitive is 
SEDEMAC technology in the slightly premium and high performance two-wheeler 
segment where OE is typically 
prioritise responsiveness, performance, calibration, accuracy, and refinement over 
cost? And are there any examples of premium platforms where your sensorless ECU 
has been adopted against established global competitors? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   42:26 
First of all, the first statement is wrong. Okay. It's not that it's only in commuter 
vehicles that ISG is adopted or can be adopted. You may have seen that in Activa 
and therefore you're making some conclusion like this. I do not know what you call 
Raider, what you call Ronin. Is Ronin a premium vehicle? 
 
Radha   42:49 
No, sir. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   42:51 
What is the premium vehicle? 
 
Radha   42:54 
So, 400cc. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   42:54 
For you, what is the premium? 
400 CC. 
 
Radha   42:57 
Thank you. 
Yeah. 

 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   42:59 
So 400 CC, et cetera, is not one that is going to give us big revenue. But there is 
nothing fundamentally that prevents us from utilising that. And there are various 
demos that we have done with various customers as well, potential customers. Right 
now, we do not have anything beyond 230 CC. 
which is the three-wheeler as well as the Ronin sort of category that have so far 
adopted ISG, but there is nothing that prevents this from getting utilised in larger CC 
vehicles as well. There is no technology limitation as such. But in the sort of mass 
market, the premium, I thought you were asking about, you know, 
No, etcetera. So, there is those things are going to definitely have it in the time to 
come. That's the first market, and then you seem to comment that there are many 
competitors in the market in ISG, and then we have to compete with some global 
players, etcetera. There are very few in the world. OK, and in two sensorless, that is 
motor control, we are the only one. 
So it's not that there are 5, 10 competitors for ISG and we are also trying to enter that 
marketplace or something like that. So we have mentioned the key competitors in 
our RHP globally because of their presence with Honda. Shindengen is one of the 
significant competitors who have succeeded very well in 
engagement with Honda. Not too many others have succeeded, Denso has 
succeeded to some extent. 
 
Radha   44:29 
Thank you, sir. Secondly, does the sensorless ECU product fully eliminate the need 
for physical sensors or only reduces their count? And how does the performance, 
reliability, and response accuracy of the algorithm-driven sensorless ECU compare 
with the conventional sensor-based systems? 
especially under challenging conditions like higher RPMs or higher engine 
temperatures. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   44:56 
Yeah, first of all, there is, we are talking about one set of sensors that completely gets 
eliminated. It's not like there are 10 sensors and we are eliminating 5. There is a set 
of sensors which gets completely eliminated. And this is now running on 10, 12 
million vehicles. So there is no question of high temperature and blah, blah being an 
issue. 
You know, so it's a highly tested technology at this point in time. In 2018, maybe this 
question was relevant. 

 
Radha   45:27 
Alright, sir, thanks and all the best. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   45:27 
Yeah, yeah, thank you. Yeah, so maybe we'll go to Hitesh next. 
 
Hitesh goel   45:34 
Thank you for taking my question. My name is Hitesh. I'm a part of Origin Capital, 
Singapore based fund. Basically, I want to understand on the export side, like you 
suggested that you are the only one with the sensorless technology, right? And you 
know, in Indian two-wheeler system is globally, actually there's Honda, Yamaha, or 
Chinese players, right, in the EV. 
In the EV, say Chinese are pretty big, right? So there is no competition for you from a 
Chinese EV perspective globally. Nobody's making in Chinese ecosystem these 
sensorless controllers. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   46:05 
Not that we know of. By the way, this is not about just making. This is about the 
invention of a technology. So we are not aware. And we are also engaged through 
potential partners with having initial discussions with the Chinese folks, and we know 
where they are. So we do not think that currently there is a direct competitor to the 
technology. 
What? 
 
Hitesh goel   46:26 
So it saves cost, basically, right, sir? It saves cost performance similar, and it saves 
cost. That's the key USP. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   46:34 
No. 
 
Hitesh goel   46:34 
Or the performance is also better versus sensorless versus. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   46:37 
So, I think you should spend a little bit more time on understanding what the 

technology can do. So, for example, in EVs, the main proposition is not cost. The 
main proposition is reliability. 
 
Hitesh goel   46:44 
Yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   46:53 
So if you call that as performance and it is reliable, there are various walk home 
situations that this avoids. 
 
Hitesh goel   46:58 
Hi. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   47:00 
whether it is due to dust ingress, water ingress, et cetera, all of that is eliminated. So 
it's not a cost problem. 
 
Hitesh goel   47:07 
Okay, so any outlook on exports, basically like exports, you're talking about more 
from Indian two-wheeler exports, basically, which will be your first target, or you're 
talking about penetrating to Honda, Yamaha, and Chinese players globally. If you can 
just give us some sense over 5 years time, I will. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   47:23 
See, first of all, our current exports is all in the genset space. Okay. About 10 million, 
I don't know what the export number was, maybe something like $10 million in FY26 
we exported. All of that is in the genset space. Okay. Our current sales for the two or 
three wheeler market is all Indian. 
 
Hitesh goel   47:27 
Yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   47:45 
in the sense that we build Indian entities and they export. Our products, of course, 
are used in various countries in the world, maybe 100 countries in the world right 
now because the people we sell to, they export in a very significant way. 
In the future, we hope that we will be of relevance to the Japanese biggies. And we 
are having some conversations, but we hope to be of relevance. At that point in time, 

whether it will be to the Indian entity or to the various global entities, we do not know 
what we will set. So right now, this is our split of exports and 
Uh, and domestic. 
 
Hitesh goel   48:24 
Great, sir. Thank you. All the best. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   48:27 
Thank you. 
Keshav. 
 
Keshav Parwal   48:33 
Hi, sir. Keshav from Expansion Capital. Sir, I have two questions. One with respect to 
ISG plus EFI. So what is the contribution of ISG plus EFI product in our current 
revenue and how is that mix expected to change going forward? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   48:50 
We will not be able to comment on individual product lines and their contributions, 
etc. We will be giving too much information. And the only thing we can say is you will 
have to wait for milestone announcements. Let's say we get 1 million ISG plus EFI, 
etc. We give you some sort of idea or 
Of what is the rate of adoption, but we will not be able to tell you that today we are at 
so many percent, and there are going to be something else that will be too much. 
 
Keshav Parwal   49:10 
And... 
Got it, got it. And my second question is with respect to power tools market. So what 
is the ASP of power tools as compared to our ISG product? So in terms of volume, 
ISG volumes are roughly, power tools volume are roughly 4 to 5x of. 
of ISG volumes. So, but in terms of value, what is the... 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   49:39 
Not ISG, two wheeler, two wheeler volumes. 
 
Keshav Parwal   49:41 
2W volumes. So, in terms of value, what is the rough estimate of the market size? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   49:49 

So, the so this also we have we have sort of mentioned in the in the RHP. So, the one 
thing we're learning for you is that motor controllers largely their pricing largely 
scales with kilowatt. OK, so similar kilowatt products across markets will tend to be 
similarly priced, even though the components may change a little bit some. 
 
Keshav Parwal   49:53 
No. 
And. 
I. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   50:11 
automotive grade may be more expensive, industrial grade may be less expensive, 
etc. So one of the things about power tools is that their kilowatt ratings are very 
similar to kilowatt ratings of two-wheelers. So in fact, so they're all in the same 
category of small powertrains. And one of the reasons why we are addressing them 
 
Keshav Parwal   50:17 
Oh. 
Okay. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   50:31 
fairly easily. So the prices of motor controllers will go by kilowatt largely. And these 
are like 1 kilowatt, sort of 1/2 kilowatt sort of motor controllers that will enter the 
power tools. 
 
Keshav Parwal   50:35 
Yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   50:50 
So I would say comparable, but maybe a little lesser, but comparable. 
 
Keshav Parwal   50:50 
No. 
Okay, all right. Thank you so much, sir, and congratulations for the greeting. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   51:01 
You, Prashantji, you were there, I think. Are you still there? 

 
Prashant Jain   51:08 
So, and then my question just got answered. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   51:12 
Okay. 
 
Prashant Jain   51:13 
No, thank you. Many congratulations. Many congratulations. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   51:15 
Yeah, thank you. Thanks. 
Uh... 
I am just going by the order. Maybe it is team is playing games. I have Deep Gandhi. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Deep Gandhi   51:29 
Yeah, hi sir. This is Deep Gandhi from I thought PMS Chennai. So first question I had 
was around ISG, so you can correct me if I'm wrong, but broadly what I understand is 
ISG also requires starter generator, right? So I understand that we are making the 
ECU and we are, I mean, quite good in that, but are we also making the starter 
generator or are we buying it from some other OEM as of now? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   51:53 
We don't buy, the OEM buys. By the way, the word OEM is used for the vehicle 
manufacturer by me. You seem to be using it for some. So the vehicle manufacturer 
buys it from their existing sources at this point in time. The MF4 plant that you saw 
there will start shipping the 
 
Deep Gandhi   51:59 
Yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   52:11 
electric machine also, which is what you are calling as a starter generator. So the 
electric machine plus the controller, the ISG ECU, that becomes the starter generator 
together. So the electric machine will also, to some extent, start getting shipped from 
our facilities beginning Q3 is our expectation. 

 
Deep Gandhi   52:32 
Sure, so you mean to say from the new plant you can start getting into that product 
also. I mean, so you will make the complete ISG then. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   52:40 
We will make electric machines, and we are already making controllers. 
Yes, so in systems where both the electric machine and the ISG ECU goes, yes, the 
complete ISG system goes from us. 
 
Deep Gandhi   52:45 
Okay. 
Sure, and I mean any understanding from the OEMs, will they still want to buy it from 
their partners or do they think, I mean, this might be more cost effective for them? I 
mean, have you had any conversations with the OEMs? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   53:04 
It's not just cost. Everybody seems to be bothered only about cost. It's not just cost. 
The electric machine and controller maker can have synergy in technical synergy 
because your electric machine design can shape your controller matters and 
controller design can shape your. 
electric machine matters. So it's not just costs, but in some cases it could be that as 
well. It's not that we are going to do something special in the electric machine market 
in so far as ISG relevant electric machines go because they're already out in the 
market, 10, 12 million of them. So here it will be more about this exploiting the 
synergy in favour of the OEMs who want quicker development. 
That's their primary motivation. So whether they will buy lots from us or continue to 
buy from other people and use us as a sort of speeding up of their projects, etc. 
remains to be seen. But we will be in business and we will try to win what is 
meaningful for us. 
 
Deep Gandhi   54:08 
So second question is again on the ISG side. So as of now, I mean, for FY26, can you 
broadly mention what was, I mean, what kind of volumes, even saying percentage 
terms we saw coming from 2 wheelers and also from 3 wheelers. And I think in the 
opening remarks, you talked about some change in the regulatory requirement 
because of which 3 wheeler volumes are also expected to pick up. 

So, I mean, what is what kind of opportunity you see in next two to three years on the 
three wheeler side for ISG? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   54:38 
It's all done to a good extent. I don't know if you registered it. Most, except for one 
big manufacturer, most three-wheelers that are produced domestic have our ISG 
already. And in exports as well, they've just started going and over FY27, most 
exports will have it. 
One manufacturer still remains, and we are working. There is a good likelihood that 
we will, we will, we will then, but we do not know. 
 
Deep Gandhi   55:07 
Yeah, and so, lastly, just I mean, on the competition side, so normally what we hear 
from the OEM is they don't want to be dependent on, you know, any one supplier for 
any of their products. So, I mean, for now, in ISG, you are the sole supplier in a way. 
So, I mean, do you see someone else coming up in the next two to three years? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   55:25 
Yeah. 
 
Deep Gandhi   55:26 
Although you might still have major wallet share, but maybe 10, 20% of the volumes 
getting allocated to some other supplier. Do you see someone very close in that 
sense? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   55:35 
Nobody maintains a monopoly forever. If you have this sort of dominance in the 
marketplace, there will be people who attempt to crack it in various ways. It's not that 
nobody, people have just been sitting and suddenly they woke up to SEDEMAC. In 
the last seven, eight years, people have been trying to crack. I'm talking about 
competitors. 
but it's not an easy problem to solve. So we do think that over a period of time, some 
of the more technically competent people may solve it and there may be some 
competition, but we will have our own improvements. We are in Gen 4 right now. 
We'll keep doing something to maintain a good share is our hope. 
 
Deep Gandhi   56:14 
Okay, thank you. That's it from my side. 

 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   56:16 
Yeah. 
There are five or six more people here, so... 
Maybe my request is keep it to one or two questions and not a series of questions. 
So Ameet. 
 
ameet joshi   56:35 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   56:39 
Yes. 
 
ameet joshi   56:40 
Thank you, sir. And great set of numbers. Very happy with the initial performance. 
And then congratulations to across the 1000 crore revenue mark. Just very small 
question. Do we need anything? See, because of all Hromuz and all of these things, 
there's a lot of worry that I have. 
When, when, when we have to acquire anything from outside the outside of the 
country, anything that we manufacture, do we require anything that we have to 
import from any other country? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   57:09 
Yes, we import all our, by the way, nobody makes electronics in India. All 
semiconductors are imported. And so all semiconductor components come from 
outside. 
 
ameet joshi   57:16 
Okay. 
I see, I see. So is there a supply chain risk ever you see that that may come in in 
future? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   57:31 
Because of the Iran war. 
 
ameet joshi   57:34 
Not just Iran war, but just geopolitical tensions where one country doesn't want to 
supply. OK. 

 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   57:39 
Yeah, it can come. During COVID, there was a big shortage, just after COVID, 
because of the massive movement towards consumer electronics, just after COVID, 
there was a big shortage of components for electronics, for automotive. So that sort 
of thing we are not immune to. We are 
We are buyers of semiconductor components, and... 
We actually came across very well during that phase. So supply chain shocks 
coming from some global issue is something that we naturally have to deal with. And 
we are very, very well equipped to deal with that because we have the ability to 
conjure up new designs and we have complete control over what we are doing 
based on available components, etc. So we are not immune to 
supply chain shocks, but so far it doesn't seem like the Iran situation is like the... 
really bad COVID situation that was there. 
 
ameet joshi   58:33 
Right, right. That's it, sir. Thank you and all the best. Congratulations again. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   58:37 
Thank you for that. Thanks, Saurabh. 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani   58:44 
Good evening, Professor. First of all, I think this is one of the most transparent 
presentations I've seen in the listed space. I hope you keep it up. And the second is 
one small question. I was, could you disclose what is the 
CapEx budgeted for FY27 and 28. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   59:05 
No, we won't disclose it, so we, if you go to that slide, Amit. 
We have given you the history so far. And I think it's best to just look at the history. 
Part of the reason why we will not tell you future numbers is that we also do not know 
it because it all is dependent on business demand and what we want to invest in at 
what point in time. 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani   59:20 
Correct. 
Okay. 

 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   59:35 
I don't think that you get a whole lot out of it. For example, what will you do with the 
number of 333 crore? It gives you a sense of the extent to which our business can 
potentially grow. It will not guarantee that the business can grow that much. So we 
will not be able to give it to you. And I don't think it helps you very much as well. 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani   59:48 
Mm. 
That's correct. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   59:56 
Yeah, go ahead. 
 
Saurabh Sadhwani   59:57 
Okay, sir. No problem. Thanks. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:00:01 
Uhh... 
Parikshit. 
 
Parikshit Gujrati   1:00:05 
Yeah, thank you for this opportunity, sir. So, so I just had two small questions. So, this 
ISG, we have a product, we... 
We have a quite good share in two wheelers. So aren't we looking to introduce our 
product to four wheelers? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:00:25 
Yeah, so this is a common question for someone who doesn't know exactly what 
we've done. So the two-wheelers have a specific architecture of crankshaft mounted 
alternators that's not there in four-wheelers at all. This is not a this is not like a 
stripped down cousin of the four-wheeler. OK. 
And crank shaft mounted alternators naturally allow you to implement ISG smoothly. 
And in four wheelers, the equivalent of this is the belt starter generator, BSG, that's 
been around for a while. We do not intend to move into the BSG market. We had 
some early discussions with the BSG leader of the world around 2016-17. 
Of incorporating our sensorless, etcetera. 
But in terms of the delta impact that we can make there, we didn't think it was the 

right time and, you know, EV momentum, etc. was there, so we didn't think it was a 
worthwhile thing to do. So, ISGs for passenger cars is not on the angle. 
 
Parikshit Gujrati   1:01:25 
And the same case will be for MCU also. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:01:30 
No, no, please don't put both. It's not that we cannot address 4 wheelers or... 
 
Parikshit Gujrati   1:01:34 
No, no, I so I was asking for EV MCU. 
So in four wheeler review it will not go. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:01:38 
EV MCU, we are already in LCVs. We are already in. I do not know if you saw that we 
are going to be in production on EV MCUs for LCVs. So that's kind of the same same 
kilowatt rating. 
 
Parikshit Gujrati   1:01:51 
Okay, got it. And so my second question was in the RHP you mentioned that you will 
be... 
Producing rare-earth free motors, so can you throw a light on that, that when will with 
with the the production comments? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:02:03 
Yeah, so, so first of all, there used to be, there seems to be some big distance for 
rare-earth free, rare-earth free. Every every ice two-wheeler already has an rare-
earth free, ferrite-based electric machine. OK, in the electric space, because of 
torque density desires. 
rare earth based designs have gained popularity. So you can keep the compact 
volume while providing the same sort of torques, but it doesn't mean that either 
ferrite or other material cannot be used, which do not use rare earth magnets. So we 
do have a set of designs where we have electric machines as well as 
Electric machines integrated with controllers that we are testing out both internally 
and in conjunction with customers. If some development happens there, we'll let you 
know, but for now there is nothing more to share, then that we have designs, and we 
will definitely be interested in that market, both just from electric machine side as well 
as electric Machines integrated with controllers. 

 
Parikshit Gujrati   1:03:08 
Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:03:12 
Okay, so we are past the one hour thing, but we will take the last five. So Praveen, 
Venkat Siva, Shreya, Prasad, Chaitanya. Anybody else who wants to put their name 
on? Vinay, I don't know if I've spoken to you. 
So, maybe we'll go with Vinay, so this will be our last six, because I think... 
that to keep track of time as well. Yeah, go ahead, please. 
Vinay? 
Okay, so we can move to... Yeah, yeah, now you're audible. Yeah, go ahead, please. 
 
Vinay   1:03:53 
Hello, am I am I audible? 
Yes, so congratulations first of all. And what I would like to ask is that what is the 
actual attrition that you are seeing in your company in your core R&D and 
engineering team and what are the measures that you because yours is a R&D 
focused company basically. 
So, what are the, you know, benchmarks that you have set for the current fiscal 
year? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:04:26 
Yeah, so we have already declared this in our RHP on what our attrition numbers are. 
See, for us, attrition has never been like some big issue. The main reason for it is that 
the founders, as well as the core team that the founders have built around 
themselves, they are all themselves very strong engineers. 
And because they are very strong engineers, they're able to attract other people to 
come and work with them. It's like a football team or a cricket team. If you have 
strong players, other strong players will come and want to work with you. So will RCB 
really be bothered about some attrition of some batsmen? The answer is yes, to 
some extent, but it's not like you cannot get other people if you have Kohli and other 
people playing for you. 
is very similar in our case. So we do have some attrition, but we also have very good 
influx every year. In several of the campuses like IIT Bombay, IIT Madras, and 
Surathkal, etc. We are one of the favourite people. There are lots of alumni who are 
telling people that, you know, this is a good company to work for. 
So attrition has never been a big issue for us. 

 
Vinay   1:05:29 
And, sir, for the back deadless motors, you have this MF4 coming up in the motors, 
the electric motors, you have the MF4 coming up in the maybe the third quarter. So, 
what is the kind of capacity that we are looking for, you know, in terms of the 
numbers, and will it be targeting to initially for two-wheelers or? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:05:34 
What, what motors? 
Yes, okay. Electric machines, yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:05:53 
It will be two and three, the market is the same, just the sizes will be a little bit more 
in the case of three-wheeler. So, at this point in time, we will not be able to tell you 
what volume numbers, etcetera, we are targeting. If we get to the point that we want 
to share the motor numbers once they get some steam, 
You will hear only at that point in time. Right now, no comments on it. 
 
Vinay   1:06:15 
Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:06:17 
Yeah, Praveen 
 
Addagatla, Praveen (AllianzGI)   1:06:22 
Hello, so Praveen from Allianz Global Investors here. Just one question. Given 
analogue chips are used in ISGs and the expectation at least on the street is that for 
your Infineons or on semis of the world, that the prices of these MOSFETs, et cetera, 
would increase meaningfully over the course of this year due to AI. 
Would you expect any disruption due to that in the sense that if the price of these 
chips goes haywire, would OEM stop putting ISGs into their production? That's sort 
of just the one question in my head. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:06:52 
Nothing goes haywire. 
I don't know if you know the market. This is a mature market. It doesn't go haywire or 
anything like that. Yes, there could be some price increases and we have mentioned 

that actually the supply chain situation is tightening, but it's not like it'll go haywire or 
anything like that. We don't expect that. If at all it had to go haywire, it did in COVID. 
 
Addagatla, Praveen (AllianzGI)   1:07:13 
But, but if there is a meaningful. 
Yeah, but say a similar scenario, right? The cost increase is meaningful. Would that 
mean that the OEMs could make a choice not to include ISGs in their H2 production? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:07:29 
They can make any choice; they can, they can today decide not to put ISG. on 
anything; ISG is not a requirement. 
Okay, but the reason they are putting it is not because the cost is lesser. In fact, in 
most situations where ISG was introduced, it increased the cost of the vehicle. 
So we do not expect some dramatic changes where this will impact the OEM 
decision to implement it or not. It could have some impact on our EBITDA numbers 
being a little bit under pressure if our costs go up. That's about it. 
 
Addagatla, Praveen (AllianzGI)   1:08:01 
Sure, thank you. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:08:07 
Okay, Venkata Siva. 
 
Venkata Siva Ram   1:08:17 
No questions, sir. Thanks. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:08:17 
I'm going to see what you're OK, Shreya. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:08:22 
Hi, Shashikanth, am I audible? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:08:25 
Yes, you are. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:08:26 
Yeah, so a few quick questions. Like from your RHP, so we do currently 80 to 85% 

capacity utilization. So like it is fair enough to consider that we'll be maintaining this 
rate for our MS3 and MS4 as well. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:08:46 
No. 
MF3 is 3 times the size. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:08:51 
No, I'm talking about capacity utilisation of 80 to eighty-five percent. We'll see it once 
it commercializes. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:08:51 
Yeah, if you... 
Yeah, if we utilise 3 times the size facility at 80 to 85 percent capacity, we will be 3x 
revenue in the coming year. We won't do that. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:09:06 
Okay, so like if you could give a little guidance over there. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:09:12 
We won't give any guidance. See, the whole point of the establishment of MF3 is to 
ease the capacity utilisation in MF1. That's one thing. And if you're going for 
something like that, you're thinking about the future as well. So we think MF3 is 
rightly suited to become the mother plant. How much of it will get utilized? It all 
depends on how much business we get. 
So we cannot decide its utilization. Our customers will decide its utilization. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:09:41 
Right. So like. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:09:42 
Yeah, so we will not be able to comment on that. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:09:45 
Okay, and like, is there anything which you can provide that this is the current 
demand which we are getting, but because of capacity, you know, utilization? 

 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:09:54 
No, we don't have such situations. We are meeting current demand. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:09:58 
Okay, and if you could provide the amount of current like order standing in our 
books. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:10:06 
No, nothing will be provided. By the way, one more thing about automotive industry, 
it is not like you have a set of orders. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:10:15 
Mhm. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:10:15 
You are an enlisted supplier for certain critical, in our case, certain critical parts, and 
depending on what the OEM wants to produce, you are given firm orders for a short 
period. That is how automotive world works everywhere. 
The OEM also wants you, treats you as a long-term partner. So the OEM gives you a 
broad idea of what is going to happen in the year, what is going to happen in the 
quarter. So it's not like they're saying, I will order this many number of pieces from 
you for the entire year. They're giving you a broad idea and then giving you a better 
idea for the quarter, and then they're giving you firm orders for a month. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:10:40 
Right. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:10:50 
This is how it works everywhere. This order book idea is, I think, I think not relevant 
here. This is not a project business. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:10:56 
Well, yeah, very right, Shashikanth. And just one last question: So, like, where do you 
see SEDEMAC three to five years down the line? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:11:07 
Oh, no response to this. Sorry. 

 
Shreya Ruia   1:11:11 
Okay. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:11:11 
So, you, there is, I mean, this sort of question, when three to five years, we we don't 
we don't venture into that at all. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:11:17 
Not in terms of revenue, but in terms of, you know, where we stand in the market or 
any aspiration which you guys have, you know, like you would. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:11:27 
The only aspiration since the beginning of the company has been the same. We want 
to produce fresh control technologies and see widespread adoption. That will never 
change and that will continue to remain. 
 
Shreya Ruia   1:11:38 
Okay, got it. Thanks and all the best. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:11:42 
Thank you. 
Prasad. 
Prasad. 
Okay, I think everybody's getting tired. Chaitanya, this is the last person. 
 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:12:10 
Yeah, hi, sir. Good evening. Congratulations for the great number, sir. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:12:12 
Yeah. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:12:13 
****. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:12:14 
Thank you. 

 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:12:15 
Am I audible? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:12:17 
Yes, you are audible. 
 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:12:19 
Yeah, hi, sir. So, just a quick question, sir. If you can just focus on the revenue mix 
only from product sale and service sale, so out of this 1058 crore. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:12:35 
Services will be very little. It's actually mentioned in our... 
In our this thing, so it's almost all products. 
 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:12:45 
OK, OK, OK, and would you how you will differentiate yourself from the auto ancillary 
company from the traditional auto ancillary company? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:12:57 
Call it. 
 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:13:01 
So I believe it is more a technology company. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:13:05 
Yeah. 
So you are able to produce fresh technology and you are able to see widespread 
adoption. Very few Indian auto ancs manage that. Largely what the play of the Indian 
auto ancs has been that something that has worked in the West. 
 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:13:09 
Okay. 
Okay, okay, yeah. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:13:25 
So, the so the so there is a departure from there, you look at the founder group, look 

at the auto anc founder group business family set at the technical founder group, so 
there are several several differences, but it should be it should have been obvious. 
 
Chaitanya Nimodiya   1:13:41 
Okay, okay, yeah, thank you, sir. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:13:43 
Thank you. Hello, one last question, Soumya, you, because you are a shareholder, so 
you are the last one. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:13:48 
Hello. 
 
Saumya Jain   1:13:52 
Yeah, so, Shashikanth, this power tool business that you have got a first, just want to 
understand what is the first application that customers looking like, which kind of 
power tool is going to apply this, if you can give some colours on that. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:14:08 
I do not know. I think Amit, do you know the angle grinder or something like that? I 
don't know what it is. 
 
Amit Dixit   1:14:16 
Yeah, it is a it is a concrete concrete render. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:14:17 
Amit, are you there? 
Concrete grinder, so... 
Application will be over time, and there can be lots of lots of applications. 
 
Saumya Jain   1:14:24 
Okay. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:14:30 
So, first, first tool, first tool will is going for this, apparently, I don't. 
 
Saumya Jain   1:14:30 
But no, I thought it's a more battery driven. You're going to have a first application in, 

but I thought it's first application going to be more cordless or battery driven. Is it 
same? Similar going to be similar? 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:14:40 
No, it's all battery. 
 
Saumya Jain   1:14:42 
Okay. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:14:43 
So, this will be a battery-powered tool. 
And in some cases, if it's a higher kilowatt, it could be a corded tool also. So battery 
as well as corded both will probably get addressed. Concrete grinder requires quite 
a bit of power, so corded tools are also there. 
 
Saumya Jain   1:15:01 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:15:06 
Hello! 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:15:08 
Yeah. 
Yeah. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:15:15 
So I have two questions. One was a very simple bookkeeping question. Sir, can you 
provide a revenue contribution from non-critical components? Because the reason 
why I'm asking, sir, is on the volume which you reported in April 2nd. So that seems 
to does not incorporate this segment. That's why for apple to apple comparison. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:15:39 
Correct, correct. So, no, no, apple to apple only. Everywhere we have reported only 
control intensive ECUs. And in the RHP, I think it's very clear if we are doing 85 to 
90% from control intensive ECUs, and the rest of it from non-critical components. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:15:39 
Very. 

Yeah. 
Oh. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:15:55 
So, and that component, the percentage is going down as we become more and 
more relevant in the marketplace. So, yeah, it's not it's not a very important thing. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:16:01 
Okay, sure.. 
Sure. So, and our second question was, so our quarterly run-rate for industrial 
segment was a bit suppressed this quarter. And we understand that it is largely 
coming from genset products and gensets are largely export based. So are you 
seeing any, you know, demand challenges on Industrial segment, mainly from 
geopolitics. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:16:34 
First of all, the genset market is not is not like the automotive market. It does have a 
fair bit of I mean, Amit, can you go to that? 
FY 23 to 26 revenue. 
So, we, we in this, you can see between FY 23 to 24, actually, there was a there was 
a 10% drop, 83 is a 76. OK, so even at a yearly level, there are there are drops, but it 
is a fairly stable stable industry, so because it all depends on. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:16:59 
Right. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:17:11 
who is buying gensets and in what sort of situation. So one of the things that we have 
mentioned in our FY27 outlook. 
is that because that 94 to 146, that growth is heavily around US customers buying 
our genset control products. If there is a demand drop there on account of poor 
hurricane season, it so happens that gensets get produced more if the hurricane 
season is strong because power outages are there. 
People get scared, you know, snowstorms can kill people and all that. So if that 
hurricane season is weak, generally the genset demand is weak. 
It's a little bit like Indian monsoon. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:17:51 

Okay. 
It shows. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:17:53 
So yeah, those sort of things we have no control over and we'll always be exposed 
to. But in general, it's an industry which is a very stable industry. You can rely on it on 
a three-four year basis. 
 
Prasad Hase   1:18:07 
Sure, sure, sir. Thank you. That's it for myself. 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:18:09 
Yeah. 
Okay, great. Thank you very much for participating and hopefully it was a useful 
session, both the presentation as well as the Q&A. We do want to mention to you that 
we do not intend to meet you every quarter. We intend to meet you every six months. 
Okay. We think each of our sessions should be meaningful. We hope this one was. 
And we don't want to just simply come and say something because something has to 
be said in a quarter time frame. Of course, we will report as per requirements of our 
listing obligations. But we do think a six-month time frame is a better time frame than 
 
 
Shashikanth Suryanarayanan   1:18:53 
than a three-month time frame because some significant developments could have 
happened in our sort of industry. If for some reason we think that there is enough of 
that has happened in the three months, then we could hold a call within three 
months, but it is more likely to be six months from now. And we will keep updating 
the audience for anything that we think is price sensitive. 
whether it is on volumes or any other major developments that do occur. Thank you 
very much for participating. 
 
 
 
 
