 
 
Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
(Formerly known as Seshaasai Business Forms Limited) 
Registered Office: 
9, Lalwani Industrial Estate, 14, Katrak Road 
Wadala, Mumbai – 400031 
Tel,: +91 22 66270919/99 
Email: info@seshaasai.com  I  Website: www.seshaasai.com I CIN No.: L21017MH1993PLC074023 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
The Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: 544533 
 
 
 
Symbol: STYL 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Further to our letters dated May 13, 2026 and May 19, 2026, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on May 19, 2026. 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at: 
 
https://seshaasai.com/media-news/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/Q4FY26-Earnings-Call-Transcript-
May19-2026.pdf 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
(formerly known as Seshaasai Business Forms Limited)
 
 
Manali Siddharth Shah 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
 
Encl: as above 
MANALI 
SIDDHART
H SHAH
Digitally signed by 
MANALI 
SIDDHARTH SHAH 
Date: 2026.05.26 
14:24:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAGNYAT LALWANI – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SESHAASAI TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. GAUTAM JAIN – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
SESHAASAI TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PAVAN KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SESHAASAI TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ASHA GUPTA – EY LLP, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Seshaasai Technologies Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference call over to Ms. Asha Gupta from EY LLP, Investor Relations. Thank you and over 
to you. 
Asha Gupta: 
Thank you, Steeve. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining the Seshaasai Technologies 
Limited Q4 FY '26 Earnings Call. The results and presentation have already been mailed to you, 
and you can also view them on our website at www.seshaasai.com. In case anyone does not have 
the copy of investor presentation or press release, please do write to us, and we will be happy to 
share them with you. 
To take us through the results today, we have the management of the company represented by 
Mr. Pragnyat Lalwani, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Gautam Jain, Whole-time 
Director; and Mr. Pavan Kumar, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Pragnyat will start the call with a 
brief overview of the company and business update, which will be then followed by Pavan, who 
will take us through the financial performance for the quarter and full year, and then we will 
open the floor for Q&A session. 
As usual, I would like to remind you that anything that is mentioned in this call, which reflects 
any outlook for the future or which can be construed as forward-looking statements, must be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties 
are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and 
the subsequent annual report that you can find on our website. 
Having said that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Pragnyat. Over to you, sir. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Thanks, Asha. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for the Q4 and full 
year FY '26 earnings call. I hope all of you have had the opportunity to review our financial 
results and presentation. So let me quickly discuss the business highlights for the quarter and 
Financial Year '26, post that Pavan will take you through the financial update. 
During the quarter, we reported revenue from operations of INR 404 crore, reflecting a growth 
of 8.1% sequentially and 9.6% on a Y-o-Y basis. The growth was supported by stronger 
execution across business verticals, improved throughput, and better contribution from 
diversified businesses, including communication and fulfilment solutions and IoT segments. 
Moving to the full year FY '26 performance, we reported revenue from operations of                  
INR 1,441.1 crores, a drop of 1.5% on Y-o-Y basis. The decline during the year was primarily 
led by temporary moderation in the Payment Solutions business due to industry-wide factors. 
However, this was largely offset by the strong growth in our communication and fulfilment 
solutions business and continued scaling of IoT solutions business and technology-led offerings, 
enabling us to maintain overall stable performance with healthy margins. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
This reflects the increasing resilience of our business model, improved diversification across 
revenue streams, and a lower dependence on any single vertical.  
FY '26 was a landmark year for Seshaasai as the company completed its listing during the year, 
marking an important milestone in our journey. FY '26 has been a year of transformation and 
transition for Seshaasai Technologies, where we have made deliberate efforts to diversify the 
business, strengthen our technology-led capabilities, and build future-ready platforms across our 
key verticals. During the year, we continued to invest in innovation, automation, 
premiumization, and new growth platforms, while also strengthening our focus on recurring and 
technology-driven businesses. This reflects our broader transition towards becoming a solutions-
oriented and platform-led organization. 
Over the course of the year, we have continued to build on our strong and long-standing customer 
relationships across banking, BFSI, government, enterprise, retail, logistics, telecom, and 
technology ecosystems. This deep customer engagement has enabled us to sustain recurring 
revenues, increase wallet share, cross-sell integrated solutions, and expand into adjacent 
offerings. 
We believe FY '26 should be viewed not only as a year of resilience during a softer industry 
phase but also as a validation of our diversified and relationship-led business model. At 
Seshaasai, we do not evaluate our success purely based on revenue for a particular year. We 
continue to invest in innovation, new products, and technology capabilities that are aligned with 
evolving customer needs. 
Many of the initiatives we are building today may not contribute materially in the short-term but 
are strategically important in creating future growth opportunities. Across our verticals, we are 
developing capabilities in advanced payment solutions, IoT-led ecosystems including RFID and 
traceability, and platform-led communication and fulfilment solutions. These investments are 
designed to position us strongly for long-term scaling. 
A key strength of our business continues to be the high proportion of recurring and annuity-like 
revenue streams. Across our verticals, around 97% to 98% of our revenue is recurring in nature, 
driven by ongoing card issuance programs, regulatory and compliance-driven communication 
requirements, fulfilment engagements, and repeat ordering cycles in RFID and IoT solutions. 
This provides stability and visibility to our earnings while also allowing us to benefit from new 
customer additions and project-based opportunities that offer additional growth. 
As we look ahead to FY '27, we remain cautiously optimistic while being mindful of global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainties, including supply chain disruptions, currency 
volatility, and broader demand conditions. However, we believe our diversified business model, 
strong customer relationships, recurring revenue base, and continued investments in future-ready 
technologies position us well to navigate such challenging environments. 
We would like to update that our Navi Mumbai and Kundli facilities have become operational 
in Q4 of FY '26, while the Nagpur and Bengaluru facilities are still under construction. We 
would also like to inform that we have filed for six new patents in FY '26 across products and 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
solutions, taking the total tally to 19 patent applications filed, out of which 5 have been granted 
to date. 
In terms of business segment update: 
1. 
Payment Solutions –  
Payment solutions contribute approximately 50% to the total revenue in FY '26. This segment 
was impacted by broader industry factors, including moderation in issuance volumes from PSU 
and Private banks, lower renewal card volumes due to lower base year issuance during the 
COVID-19 period, as well as timing differences in renewal cycles and tighter regulatory and 
compliance environments for banks and fintechs. However, we have not lost a single customer 
and added 21 new customers across banks and fintechs, contributing meaningfully to revenue as 
we continue to strengthen our customer base and market reach initiatives. We continue to see 
strong trends in premiumization, increasing opportunities in transit ecosystems, and a 
strengthening pipeline in advanced card products such as metal cards, biometric cards, and other 
secure chip form factors. 
We believe that as banking cycles normalize, we expect gradual improvement in volumes going 
forward. We were the first Indian card manufacturer to file for our metal card patents in October 
2021, as well as the first to receive global payment scheme approvals for our metal cards in 
March 2023. We would like to share that we have been granted our patent for metal cards in 
February 2026. 
This reflects our continued focus on product innovation, engineering, enhancing our R&D 
capabilities, and intellectual property creation across the secure payment portfolio. This has led 
us to have a formidable portfolio of metal card variants, each targeting different customer 
segments. 
In this quarter, we won a multi-year tender from a leading PSU bank, which represents 
approximately INR 8.7 crores in revenue over the tender period. We would like to update that 
the domestic payment scheme RFP and global fintech RFP for metal card variants are still under 
process and evaluation. 
2. 
Communication and Fulfilment Solutions –  
Communication and fulfilment solutions contributed 39% of total revenue in FY '26 and 
recorded a strong Y-o-Y growth of 29%. Over the years, this segment has evolved into a 
technology-driven integrated solutions platform, combining secure communication, fulfilment 
digital workflow orchestration, traceability, and logistics integration capabilities. 
Backed by our proprietary platforms like RUBIC, eTaTrak, and IOMS, as well as pan-India 
execution infrastructure, the business is increasingly positioned as a strategic partner for 
customers, managing large-scale, secure, and time-sensitive communication and fulfilment 
requirements. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
The segment continues to benefit from strong customer relationships, operational scalability, 
and recurring business opportunities, making it an important contributor to the company's 
growth, profitability, and cash flow profile. 
3. 
IoT Solutions -  
IoT solutions contributed 11% of total revenue in FY '26 and witnessed a growth of 45% on Y-
o-Y basis. IoT is gaining traction as a long-term growth engine driven by increasing adoption of 
RFID, growing importance of traceability across supply chains, and rising demand for sensor-
based and platform-led ecosystems. We believe our integrated capabilities and strong 
positioning in this space will enable us to capture these opportunities effectively over time. 
Continuing from our earlier quarterly initiatives, we saw momentum build up in the project 
rolled out for one of the largest Indian retailers across their major fashion brands. Using our 
integrated approach with technologies such as RFID, Bluetooth, and other sensor-based 
analytics, we are seeing good traction in projects being undertaken currently to solve real-world 
problems across a spectrum of industries such as retail, renewable, healthcare, power generation, 
and also global capability centers (GCCs). 
During this quarter, our Bengaluru facility received the GSMA SAS-UP certification for SIM 
and eSIM manufacturing and personalization, data generation, PKI certificate handling, making 
the company one of the few global players with these integrated capabilities for eSIMs. I am 
also happy to share that the SIM card division started contributing materially to revenue in this 
quarter. 
Going forward, growth will be driven by premiumization trends in payments, expansion in IoT 
and traceability solutions, platform-led fulfilment ecosystems, increasing opportunities in transit 
and secure identity solutions, as well as scaling of newer technologies and international 
opportunities. 
The Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of INR 2.5 per share, reaffirming our 
commitment to shareholders. 
With that, I will now request Pavan to take you through the financial and operational highlights 
for the quarter. Over to you, Pavan. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Thank you, Pragnyat sir. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our Q4 and FY '26 
earnings call. Let me start with a quick summary of our performance for the quarter and then the 
full year gone by.  
In Q4 FY '26, our total revenue stood at approximately INR 405 crores, up 8.1% quarter-on-
quarter and 9.6% year-on-year. This growth was primarily driven by stronger execution across 
verticals, with strong traction in communication fulfilment, and IoT solutions. EBITDA for the 
quarter came in at approximately INR 125 crores, with an EBITDA margin of 30.8%, an increase 
of 330 bps Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin expansion was supported by stronger operating leverage, 
improved business mix, better cost absorption, procurement efficiencies, and structurally 
improved margins across operating segments. Our PAT for the quarter stood at approximately 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
INR 82 crores, with the PAT margin at 20.2%, up 316 bps Y-o-Y. The profitability improvement 
was also aided by lower finance costs following debt repayment post the IPO, which resulted in 
improved earnings conversion and stronger bottom-line performance. 
In terms of revenue mix across our verticals, payment solutions continue to be the largest vertical 
which contributed 47.5% of the revenue, followed by communication and fulfilment at 
approximately 39.8% and IoT solutions at 12.4% in Q4 FY '26.  
For the full year FY '26, our total revenue stood at INR 1,441 crores, a slight decline of 1.5% 
year-on-year. EBITDA came at INR 394 crores with an EBITDA margin of 27.4%, an increase 
of 204 bps Y-o-Y. Our PAT stood at INR 240 crores with a PAT margin of 16.7%, which is 146 
bps Y-o-Y. The overall revenue performance should be considered in the context of a relatively 
soft demand environment during parts of the year, particularly within the payment card issuance 
and renewal ecosystem, including moderation in BFSI volume. Despite broadly stable 
performance on the top line, consolidated profitability improved significantly in FY '26.  
The top 10 customers contributed almost 62.8% of our revenue, and more than 96.6% of our 
revenues came from existing customers, showcasing the stickiness of customer relationships, 
strong renewal and repeat business characteristics of our business model. 
On the balance sheet and cash flow front, we remained well capitalized. As of 31st March 2026, 
we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately INR 398 crores, including unutilized IPO 
funds of approximately INR 195 crores.  
With respect to the IPO proceeds, utilization remains in line with the stated objects of the issue. 
During Q4, funds were utilized towards capital expenditure, GCP, and issue expenses amounting 
to approximately INR 60 crores. Of the total IPO and pre-IPO funds of almost INR 600 crores, 
we have utilized INR 405 crores as at the end of FY '26 and the balance INR 195 crores is 
planned to be utilized in subsequent periods. 
To summarize, Q4 FY '26 was a quarter of disciplined execution while continuing to invest in 
growth and technology. Our margins, balance sheet strength, and diversified revenue base 
provide a solid foundation as we move to the next phase of growth. 
Thank you once again for joining us.  
With this, I hand it back to the moderator to open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Good evening, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. Many congratulations on the good 
performance. My first question is on margin. If we see in the quarter, we have seen gross margins 
kind of going up by 150 basis points. I thought because a lot of our costs are import dependent, 
the rupee depreciation would have a negative carry, but that hasn't played out in the fourth 
quarter. Is that something that we need to worry about getting into Q1? 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Pavan Kumar: 
Hi, Devesh, this is Pavan here. I'll take that question. So yes, our gross margins have improved 
in Q4 and that's been a consistent trend over the last few quarters. Overall, just to give you a 
summary of how the margins have improved, if I could give you an example, say, in our top 
50% raw material categories that we consume, we've implemented multiple management 
initiatives, including procurement consolidation, advanced inventory planning, which are 
aligned to global trade cycles, and vendor payment being made more efficient. 
These kinds of sourcing optimization initiatives have caused about 7% to 8% savings at the 
material consumed level for the full year. So that's the benefit that we've got through the year 
and in Q4. 
Now, specifically for Q4, we see that there's been an impact of adverse foreign exchange 
movement, while for the materials that we consume in Q4, a large part of that is also procured 
in early Q4 and towards end of Q3. 
Through Q4, one of the benefits that we've seen is that along with the higher sales, which has 
come in v/s Q3, there's obviously an operating leverage which comes in. So that's basically what 
has played out, Devesh, in Q4 specifically. 
Overall, as we move ahead, while that is on the gross margin side, to take it a step further, while 
the improvement in gross margins has translated into EBITDA and helped us increase the 
EBITDA margins as well as the PAT margin, it's actually a function of two, three things. One, 
as I've explained to you, it's driven by the gross margin improvement itself. The second part is 
overall reduction in the finance cost in H2 of the year, which has helped us reduce the cost there. 
And third part is the interest income that we have earned in H2 post IPO funds. I think broadly 
these four to five factors have helped us increase the overall margins. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood sir. If we see the balance sheet, we see that the working capital intensity of the 
business has been going up for the last two years. If we look at net working capital days, that 
has been constantly going up. So, is the working capital intensity increasing, or is it something 
that's going to reverse in FY '27? 
Pavan Kumar: 
I'll take that, Devesh. While the working capital intensity has, shows as if it has increased maybe 
over FY '26 and FY '25, we should see it in two ways. One, at the end of the year, when you 
look at the balance sheet as of 31st of March, the working capital is a function of what all is on 
the current asset side and on the liability side. So, we've built up our inventories to be able to 
better navigate through these global challenges in Q1 as well as Q4 of the year. And then the 
second part is post IPO, we have a good amount of funds which are showing under cash and 
cash equivalents. So that may probably give a bit of a lopsided picture as the working capital 
cycles have increased. But more or less, I would say, the key factors there being inventory 
positions and trade receivables are more or less in line with the business and that's something 
that we are continuously monitoring and working to improve upon as well. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood sir. One final question on our IoT business. If you can share some details in terms 
of new client wins and the traction that we are expecting to build up in FY '27 from some of our 
existing clients? 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Yes, Devesh, thanks. I'll take that question. See essentially what we have seen in Q4 is that some 
of the large projects on which we've been working for a while, they've started gaining some 
momentum and they show good promise for the coming year. 
 
So, in the larger retailers, customers that we're working on, the approach is now to also go across 
from apparel into other categories, which is to get into, you know, cosmetics, accessories, etc., 
which are also large volume items, which needs to be brought under the digital transformation 
ambit. 
We're also working on projects wherein we are going to have localization of our inlay 
manufacturing. Now, especially more so with the thrust from the government side also to reduce 
import dependence. We're also trying to ensure and see how is it that our local chip bonding 
manufacturing infrastructure can be utilized to ensure that we add more value to our customers, 
as well as it will help us probably add value to our own bottom line by doing more inlay 
manufacturing within the country. 
We're also trying to work on Tier 2 retailers. So, what we are now seeing is, since Tier 1 
customers have had very good success and the ROI has been demonstrated quite clearly in their 
RFID initiatives. We are seeing a lot of traction coming in from Tier 2 retailers who would also 
like to probably start this journey. So that is where we are focusing on some good size Tier 2 
retailers on the RFID side. 
Also, we've harmonized our technologies between Bluetooth, GPS, and RFID and come up with 
some unique solutions where we are helping improve the resource visibility and efficiency in 
warehousing and logistics sectors. So, these are the 4 areas which we feel on the RFID side. 
On the SIM side, as we have said, we've already begun revenue, in Q4 of last year. We now feel 
that the foundation has been set over the last one and one half year in terms of the infrastructure, 
the certification, and the product stability. We feel the SIM and eSIM business will also be 
adding to the traction in the IoT business. So, all in all to our mind this vertical looks to really 
contribute meaningfully to our growth and overall revenue mix. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Right sir. That's helpful. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Raghav Maheshwari with Kamayakya Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, sir, I had a bunch of questions. First of all, sir, can 
you elaborate a bit on eSIM manufacturing, like you have mentioned SIM manufacturing. So, 
what happens when we talk about eSIM manufacturing? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Essentially, how it works is that, when these eSIMs typically are components which go into the 
circuitry of a device or an equipment or a vehicle, right? So typically, these eSIMs come in form 
factors which are unlike our regular SIM cards and these eSIMs have to be then made ready for 
use in the field, where, for example, they could be converted and connected to any mobile 
network operators in any geography all over the world. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
So eSIM infrastructure requires that you are aligned in such a manner that what you produce is 
globally interoperable in the GSMA universe, right? So, we basically are managing the 
personalization and putting the embedded top-up layer, which is the profile required as per the 
device usage on the eSIM. 
So, and then also if the customer requires us to probably change the form factor and embed it 
probably into a form factor which they would want it to be a plug and play into their 
environment. So, this is what is actually the eSIM is. To give a very small example, where eSIM 
is working today is in electrical meters. You would have people coming in and taking meter 
readings every single day, but today the electric meters directly talk to the power distribution 
company. So, this could actually sit inside the circuitry of a smart meter. There are various use 
cases of eSIM, but this is just one example of how eSIM operates. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Right. And have you gained any customers for this? Like, where do we stand on the approval 
cycle? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
So, as I said, we've just finished our GSMA SAS audit. We need to have one more process that 
we complete by July, August as a part of this process. And once we complete that process, then 
we should be starting to commercialize this. But in the SIM side of the business, we're already 
working with a leading telecom player to supply SIM cards to them. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Right, sir. And sir, when we talk about the payment solution segment, we are consistently seeing 
a decline from FY ’24 to FY ’25, now FY ’26 as well. So, is it because of the new product mix 
that we are going into, or is it something else? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See, if you look at it from the payment solutions business of ours, typically it has two revenue 
drivers. The major one is the payment card business. So, payment card business typically is 
driven by maybe, if I may say, four drivers, right? The first one is essentially the renewal cards 
which banks issue to the existing customers. The second one is new cards that are issued when 
a new account is opened. The third one is credit cards being sold by banks in line with their 
credit card issuance policy. And the fourth is, cards going out for transit programs, for fintechs 
for specific use cases like forex cards, etc. 
Now majority of the volume comes in from the renewal card base which is an income base for 
banks been built over the last couple of decades. So, a major volume comes in is from your 
renewal card base. 
Now in the renewal card base, typically post-COVID, which was March 2020 onwards, we had 
a lull for a year / a year and a half. So typically, what we've seen is that the renewal cycles have 
been impacted over the last two years, majorly because one is the COVID impact and also banks 
have been rationalizing their renewal process in terms of whom to issue a card or not. 
So, to our mind, this particular number correction which has happened is something which is an 
outcome of this factor. And now post-COVID, if you see in FY’21 -’22, FY ’22 - 23, there has 
been a surge in the banking sector in terms of the volumes, etc. So, our understanding is that at 
least on the renewal side of the business, we expect that the numbers should be better than what 
they were because of the COVID impact. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Coming to new cards, which are issued by banks on opening of accounts and credit cards. Now 
here it's a factor of the bank's policy at any point in time in terms of what is their strategy in 
terms of reaching out and onboarding a new franchise of customers, what is their strategy on 
risk mitigation in terms of unsecured lending, and how do they see regulatory increase in the 
risk assigned to the unsecured portfolio of credit cards, etc. So here we are responding to the 
customer's requirements. 
How we also try to maximize this is to go up the value chain by premiumizing and going up the 
value chain by ensuring that we offer more value-added offerings to customers for the same set 
of customer base, offer more value-added services such as logistics services to them, offer metal 
cards to them, etc. And also, we've seen very large traction in the transit program. For example, 
currently we are working with partners for three state government projects which have got pretty 
decent volumes of cards being rolled out for the beneficiaries under the state government scheme 
for free transport to citizens. 
We're also working on some projects for metro cards, with more and more metros coming in. 
So, all in all, our understanding is that the payment card business, the numbers which have come 
in, we expect this to trend to probably bottom out and from here on we expect a better momentum 
to be seen for an upward trajectory. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Understood, sir. And sir, with the SIM card division coming live and the approval cycle going 
on, and the new plants coming live like you mentioned in the earlier remarks, plus all the new 
segments that we are exploring, assuming these as the growth levers for FY ’27, would you like 
to give any formal guidance as to where we see from growing from this low base? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See, I would say definitely, if you look at the momentum in Q4, we've had very good momentum 
in Q4, and we see some of the projects that were on the anvil probably moving into fruition in 
the coming year. However, now considering the geopolitical situation and also the uncertainty, 
we would like to probably wait until Q1, where we get a better grip of the situation, better 
visibility, and maybe in a position to give a guidance after Q1. That's our take for now. 
Raghav Maheshwari: 
Understood, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pratik Banthia with Fermi325 Investment 
Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Hi. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Happy to see this strong scale-up in the IoT 
division as well. So, my question was- regarding over the last 25 years, it seems like every five 
to seven years, our business tends to make a pivotal shift. So, let's say from cheque book to cards 
to RFID tags to now eSIM & SIM cards. So, I just wanted to get a sense of what is the underlying 
guiding theme of our capital allocation strategy, and should we expect the same strategy to 
continue over the next, let's say, 10 years or so, or would there be some tweaking required? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
A very good question, Pratik. See, if you look at it from a capital allocation perspective, while 
we were growing from a part of our payment solutions business to our communication and 
fulfilment business, and even today from part of our IoT business, right? The capital 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
infrastructure, the equipment, and the platforms that are needed, especially the tech platforms, 
are the same. 
What typically happens is that every vertical has certain adjacencies and spin-offs, which require 
focused investments, maybe into technology or maybe into some specific platforms or 
investments needed for a product. So, I would say, obviously, going forward as we go into more 
of IoT devices, there'll be deeper investments going into technology. 
We will also be having to have resources which will probably focus on technology. So, the theme 
of the capex investment to my mind would not change drastically, but probably the allocation 
towards software resources, towards technology contribution of the investment would go up. 
And if you would see one thing which is common across the whole theme of the last 25 years, 
is that we've always gone for businesses which are having recurring revenue, business which 
need technology, businesses which need to scale, and products which are mandatory or needed 
for our end customer's functioning. 
So, we'll be trying and keep those four or five, probably, mantras in all that we do in every 
vertical that we go to. We will try and keep those as our guiding posts in our future business 
expansions and probably as the situation unfolds and the investment demands are there, we will 
allocate our capital accordingly. 
Pratik Banthia: 
All right. Thank you so much. And could you provide utilization for the RFID capacity during 
the year, as well as the quarter? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
So overall, during the year, our RFID capacity was hovering around70%. During the quarter, we 
had some spike volumes, so I think we were probably closer to around 80%- 85% capacity 
utilization during the last quarter. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Okay. And my last question before I get back in the queue is, can you provide the capacity 
breakup for SIM as well as eSIM? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
 SIM is a very nascent business for us right now. So, we are probably just around 30% capacity 
utilization of what the stated capacity is. eSIM, we are yet to start commercial production, which 
we expect to start once certain integration processes are over, and the final leg of our compliance 
is done. So probably we will expect eSIM revenues to help us from H2 of this year. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Sir, what is the installed capacity for SIM cards? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
We've got a capacity of about 7 million SIMs a month. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Okay. And eSIMs, if you could provide? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
For eSIMs. See, the eSIM product is not a very standard product like the SIM product, right? 
The form factor varies on the device. So conceptually, we could easily do about 2 to 2.5 million 
eSIMs, but the form factor varies, and it could probably be 2 million for one form factor and 
maybe could end up being 3 million for another form factor. So, we have a range of between 2 
to 3 million eSIMs a month. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Pratik Banthia: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Surya Narayan with Sunidhi Securities & Finance 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Surya Narayan: 
So, my question is that in the IoT solutions, what are the new - I mean you said that the 
improvement in the gross margin is due to the product mix. So compared to last year, if you can 
detail out what the product mix changes are, number one. And number two is that what are the 
new sectors, I understood that there are a lot of sectors like the solar sector where the applications 
are there and apart from that, many other sectors are lying ahead. So, my understanding is that 
where we are not present, maybe at the moment, what are the new sectors we are targeting going 
forward? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Okay, so there are three parts to your question. The first part is you want to have an idea about 
the product mix, right? So typically, the product mix change is there for each and every vertical, 
but conceptually the approach towards the product mix is that we try and work with the customer 
to ensure that we get greater market share of the premiumization of the products that they do, 
okay? And also, we try and go up the value chain. 
For example, if we are not offering a logistics service to a customer, whether he is in the payment 
solutions business or the communication fulfilment solutions business, we try and ensure that 
we get the end-to-end piece of the entire chain till customer delivery. So that's as to our product 
mix. Obviously, metal card is a growth engine for us, which is also going to be contributing to 
the product mix for better margins.  
On the IoT side of the business, to answer your question as to what are the sectors that we are 
not working with. See, you rightly said we're already working in renewables. Now there, just 
apart from only giving the tag, our team has been working with some of the large brands to work 
on reducing their manpower utilization, we've been offering them some automation solutions on 
to their lines for the solar panel manufacturing, offered them some things to aid their quality 
control process, etc., which makes the relationship stickier, gets better value in terms of  account 
revenue, and obviously, the product mix goes up the value cycle. 
Now, if you ask me which are the areas which we are not working on today and which show 
great promise in the future? Just to tell you that grocery and pharmaceuticals are the two themes 
which are globally picking up pace in the Western world, and typically, as the nature of the way 
it functions, probably we may lag maybe 12 to 18 months for a rollout in India. But because 
India is the large pharma outsourcing factory of the world, we are already doing small POCs 
there. 
But grocery is one very, very huge opportunity, which has already gone live with some large 
brands in Europe and US, and we haven't tapped those opportunities in India yet. So probably, 
to answer your question, two large opportunities which we have not worked with, but which are 
going to be very promising in the future are grocery and pharma. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Surya Narayan: 
In textiles also, sir, the traceability is a factor where there are a lot of opportunities, especially 
when the EU FTA and the UK FTA will be coming into place. So, are we working towards that 
in the traceability sector, textile? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
There's a concept known as European Union Digital Passport, which requires end-to-end 
traceability for everything that is going to be imported into the European Union. But there are 
multiple ways to achieve that. You can achieve that using QR codes, you can achieve that using 
barcodes, and you can also achieve that using RFID. So, we're just kind of talking to large 
exporters who need these facilities for RFID. 
For example, for Walmart, we're already on the Walmart approved vendor list for RFID. So I 
think the EUDP guidelines may not really mandate RFID, but wherever the opportunity exists 
for traceability, I think they'll only go for RFID in EUDP will go in only in items which are of 
high value, which are very critical, especially related to health and safety, so probably it'll be a 
mixed bag opportunity there between conventional traceability products and RFID. 
Surya Narayan: 
Okay. Sir, in terms of global capability of ours on competitiveness. So just to want to understand 
because most of the products can be adopted by any of the countries. So globally, how much are 
we competitive compared to leading players, leading countries, if you can give some ballpark 
figure to understand so that we can also go global. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Good question. So, I would say, first we need to understand that the RFID frequencies vary for 
every country, and obviously, we in India have a certain frequency range within which the 
products are produced and used. 
 
Now, typically in the RFID ecosystem, what really matters is how much of innovation you are 
able to do for a specific customer problem-solving or customer use cases, which requires 
strengths of antenna design, antenna simulation, R&D labs, also requires test benches to test the 
performance of this in the environment and also then produce it and scale it and do your own 
semiconductor chip bonding. 
So probably this particular process is a science, right? And we've been working on it for the last 
2.5 years, seen some good success in solving some specific customer problems for large retailers, 
where we've domestically innovated and created very cost-effective solutions to meet their 
traceability needs. 
So, to answer your question, from a global perspective, if an opportunity presents itself, probably 
we have the know-how, the team, resources, and now the understanding of the technology good 
enough to be able to compete with the best in the world. 
It's just a matter of we first trying to focus on the domestic market, getting our act together, 
getting a few good case studies under our belt, and then we will work with partners to explore 
the global market. 
Surya Narayan: 
Understood, sir. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Zaki Nasser, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Zaki Nasser: 
Sir, congratulations on a pretty stable set of numbers. Sir, going forward, our public issue- was 
hardly six months back, and we had a certain value proposition for the company. So, do you 
think that going forward in the current year, that value proposition will play out, sir, with a small 
lag? Because we came at a certain valuation and maybe the markets- maybe a small lag in the 
performance coming in or maybe its just the perception that investors have not understood the 
company well, sir. So, your thoughts on this issue, Thank you. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Sir, our thought is that we have always believed in performance, and we believe in growth and 
we continue to reaffirm our commitment to those two attributes. To my mind, our job is to ensure 
that we grow, we innovate, we deliver and remain profitable. How the market perceives us is a 
little bit in our hands in terms of how we communicate, and this is one exercise in that direction. 
Now how the market evaluates us, is a matter of which is probably left to the market, but at our 
end we are ensuring that whatever our story, whatever our business focus, which was there prior 
to the IPO, during the IPO, still remains. There's absolutely no loss of focus or loss of business 
intensity from our side. 
And probably, as we said earlier, that many times, you're facing some structural headwinds 
because of factors beyond our control, which are more to do with regulatory in nature, which are 
also to do with the nature of the consumption pattern. 
We feel that those are behind us now, and also with the IoT engine growing well, for example, 
last year in the IoT business we grew close to about 48%. We expect to at least match that, if not 
better, that number in the coming year. And also, we see some stability in our communication 
and fulfilment business. There could be a marginal decline, but overall, we are fine with that. 
And as I said earlier, on the metal card side also, we have good visibility this year in terms of 
growing that business as well as the base payment card business. So, from our perspective, we 
still carry the same value proposition that we carried prior to the IPO, along with the IPO. And 
we just hope that the environment allows us to amply demonstrate our intent and execute and 
deliver on that. 
Zaki Nasser: 
So, would you say that, I mean of course the funds implementation on the IPO will take a lag of 
a couple of quarters. So, do you think the full potential of Seshaasai will pan out in the current 
year, sir? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
I think whenever we operate, sir, we try to operate at our full potential. As I said earlier also, 
see, we need to understand the nature of our industry and the nature of our products. See, we are 
in industry which is probably a product-led industry, also having the pseudo nature of a services 
industry, right? 
Quite a lot of our demand is generated by our end customers, whose demand is also generated 
based, as we explained earlier, on certain factors, which are driven by their strategies, driven by 
the regulator, driven by the market. So, there we are probably working on a back-to-back 
business model basis, where however customers strategize their business demand. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
One thing I can assure you is that at Seshaasai, when a customer demands and customer needs 
us to scale, when customer needs us to deliver, when customer needs us to ensure we innovate, 
we are there, right? From a business side, we have not essentially lost any major account. We 
ensure that our shares in those accounts remains the same. 
We've also ensured that, for example, we've added 21 new accounts in the payment business this 
year. We've added close to 65 new customers in the IoT business. We've added close to eight 
customers in the CFS business. So, from our perspective, the energy and the zeal are there to 
grow. 
Probably some of it is definitely a factor of how our enterprise customers themselves generate 
demand. But I can assure you that from our side, in any given year, we are here to perform to 
our full potential. We should just wait for the circumstances to allow us to do that. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Thank you sir. Best wishes.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Yashwant Shubham with ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Yashwant Shubham: 
Yes. So, I just wanted to ask on the international front, like how is the expansion plan going on 
in current the war situation and also if you have any setup, any personalization bureau in any 
country? And one last question on the revenue front, like what is the portion of international 
revenue in FY ‘26 or Q4? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
See, as part of our strategy, at least for FY ‘26, we've been working on some international 
opportunities where we are working with partners in those countries. And we strengthen our 
partners and work on a back-to-back basis with them on the local opportunities on which they've 
been working. 
In this year, we will be deepening our focus on international opportunities, especially on some 
of our niche products, both in IoT and the Payment Solutions business. For this current year, we 
do not have any plans to open a personalization bureau in the overseas market.  
Pavan Kumar: 
So, we do not have significant export revenue currently. However, we're working on some of 
our products and evolving the portfolios on that. Revenue from exports has been about INR 3 
crores in FY '26. 
Yashwant Shubham: 
Okay. And last question, if you have any contracts or any agreements under discussion on the 
international front currently going on? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
As I said in my opening remarks, that there are some large overseas fintech players who have 
shortlisted us in their global RFP. So, there are opportunities on which we are working right 
now. But they are still at the stage of evaluation. So, we do not have revenue visibility as of now 
on that. But it's been a process through which we have gone through for almost about the last 4 
to 5 months, and we expect some positive outcomes from that. 
Yashwant Shubham: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vedant Agarwal with IIFL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vedant Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, it's a great set of numbers. I wanted to ask that what 
are the type of guidance that you're building in for FY '27, if you could share the Y-o-Y growth 
for all the three business segments? And one more question that what sort of capex can we expect 
going forward? 
Pavan Kumar: 
Vedant, at this point in time, it's difficult to give guidance for FY '27, considering the 
macroeconomic environment, etc. We'll refrain from doing that and see how things go and then 
probably revisit this at the end of Q1. On the capex side, we have a plan of investing close to 
about INR 160 crores to INR 200-odd crores through the year across Payment Solutions and IoT 
business verticals, as well as overall modernization, of which some funds would come in from 
the IPO fund. 
Vedant Agarwal: 
Okay sir. Thank you so much. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Maitri Shah with Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Maitri Shah: 
Thank you for this opportunity. Just one question. So once our IoT solution kind of scales up 
with SIM and eSIMs going forward for the next year, how do you see the proportion of the 
business kind of changing that the kind of business mix is changing, which is helping out with 
the margins? 
 
Do you expect the IoT solution to start contributing close to 20% of the overall revenue? And 
how do you see that kind of scaling up and then kind of like effect on margins growing for the 
next 1 to 2 years? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
We've grown in the IoT business pretty strongly over the last 2 years. And as I said, this year, 
the IoT business grew, I think, 47% Y-o-Y between FY '25 to FY '26. So, the current business 
outlook that we have for FY '27 on the IoT business- we expect that numbers should be definitely 
better than what this year was. We should be definitely growing upward of 47% in the IoT 
business. 
And obviously, if we continue to grow at that brisk pace, the overall contribution of IoT to 
revenue will proportionately increase as it has been doing over the last few years. And as we see 
the IoT business, the nature of the business as it is, it would contribute more meaningfully 
towards the overall margins. 
Maitri Shah: 
Any quantification on how you see the margins scaling up over the next year, 1.5 years? Any 
near-term guidance on the margins you have with the SIM and the eSIM coming in and this 
business kind of contributing more? 
Pavan Kumar: 
Yes. So on the margin side as well, while we've got a good set of numbers for FY '26, we'd want 
to probably wait and see how the situation evolves in terms of  foreign exchange currency as 
well as input prices across materials, which are rising, and see how the situation evolves to get 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
a better sense of the numbers for the full year. But as Mr. Pragnyat said, as the product mix 
moves with IoT and eSIM and other solutions, we definitely expect a good set of numbers. 
Maitri Shah: 
Yes. That's it from my side. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chintan Shah from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, I had three questions. So first one is, i need more 
clarification on this patent that we have secured for metal cards. So just wanted to know, does 
this sort of grant any exclusivity to us- that cards can be manufactured only by us and not peers? 
Or is this something else? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
How the patent regime works, Chintan, is that you file your patent for some innovation that 
you've done and some novelty that you've achieved in producing that product, right? So as long 
as we are producing that product using that patent, you'll obviously be producing in absolutely 
trouble-free with that patent. 
While a person has a patent who wants to use the product or manufacturing in a certain way, it 
does not refrain anybody else if the other person has another novelty or innovation to produce 
his product, right? So that's how the patenting regime works that if there are multiple people 
who've got their patents granted for the way they produce their product, they can continue to 
produce the product, provided they comply with the process that they define in the patent. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it. Understood. So just one more follow-up here. What would be the mix of, let's say, metal 
cards probably in terms of value for FY '26? And with this patent now in place, does it mean 
that from here on, we could have more discussions with clients and probably we could see a 
meaningfully higher growth versus in the past? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Chintan, I've got this question from a couple of people. I don't know where this confusion is 
getting created in the ecosystem. I'll just try to clarify this. We have filed for a patent in October 
2021, okay? So, when you have a novelty and you file for it, you are protected from the day you 
file it. 
 
So, there's never a case that you produce a product and then you- get a patent granted and then 
you can go out to sell. We've been selling for the last 3 years a product which has been protected 
by our own IP and our own novelty and innovation, right? It's just that the process takes time to 
get granted. 
So, from a business perspective, there never was any difference in the way we are conducting 
ourselves or the way we are offering the product to customers all along protected and we remain 
protected. So, I don't think it was any big enabler. It becomes, I would say, a disabler, but it 
becomes a big enabler now, now that it is granted and then we are in a better shape to ensure 
that what we're using is not transgressed or violated by anybody else, yes. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it. Understood. That's very clear. And if you could call out sort of the mix in our payment 
solution business, the metal cards mix? 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Yes. I would say right now, the metal card overall in our payment solution business contributes 
close to about 4% in the payment. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
And we see that hopefully to improve in the coming year. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it. Understood. And secondly, on the RFID side, so we were in the process of starting to 
monetize our software aspect as well. So just wanted to know from your side if there's any update 
on it? And are we seeing any traction with our customers? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
We've done some interesting projects on the IoT side. For example, we have done a project with 
a large government power-generating company where we rolled out our software using 
Bluetooth and RFID for handling assets on a 10-square-kilometer large plant which is under 
construction, where our software is integrated both in the handheld devices and on the cloud. 
We've taken a very calibrated approach here where we are working and going with specific use 
cases. There are, I think, a couple of them which have been rolled out now and the performance 
has been very stable. Now with that behind us, we will be probably focusing on larger 
opportunities for rollouts into larger ecosystem. 
Chintan Shah: 
Got it. Understood. That's good to hear. And just the last question from my side. Are we sort of 
having any plans to do some backward integration into chips for the payment solution business 
or? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
I think, Chintan, we'll probably park that question for some time. Once we make some good 
progress on that, we'll probably share that in due course. 
Chintan Shah: 
Okay. Okay, fine. I got it. Understood. Thank you so much for answering all the questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up question. It's from the line of Pratik Banthia. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Yes, hi. I just wanted to ask- you stated about doing inlay manufacturing in-house probably in 
the future. So, what kind of margin impact does backward integration bring in? And any 
aspirational timeline of when you would want to start doing inlay manufacturing? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
It's a good question, Pratik. See, I'll tell you, we already have our equipment for inlay 
manufacturing for the last 2.5 years. Now this is a very sophisticated and intricate process 
because we are handling very nano wafers and putting them onto RFID antennas. We also as a 
part of the IPO process, scaled up our manufacturing and now we have 3 plants which can do 
inlay manufacturing. 
In the current situation, especially when we see the supply chain to be constrained, challenges 
to come in, in terms of the supply costs, pricing volatility due to the currency fluctuation, we 
feel this is going to be a very strategic tool for us to increase our market share, to increase our 
profitability, and also to make a contribution to the nation in terms of reducing import 
dependence. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
We are already working on our own RFID inlays for the solar market, and we also are working 
on some other products which are very innovative in cosmetics and healthcare. So, the local 
inlay manufacturing has a very bright future. Definitely, when we buy the inlay from a third 
party versus when you make the inlay yourself, it will have better margins. Probably we will 
need to reach a little more scale, by which time we will have a meaningful contribution of it 
towards the bottom line going forward. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Yes, I just heard I need a little more scale for starting inlay manufacturing, is that right? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Yes, I just said that we've kind of now slowly been scaling up the inlay manufacturing. So, once 
we start to scale, then it will contribute more meaningfully towards our bottom line in terms of 
saving costs. 
Pratik Banthia: 
Okay. Thanks for that answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow-up question comes from Surya Narayan.  Please go ahead with the 
question. 
Surya Narayan: 
Yes. So just to understand the margin improvement likely from here onwards due to backward 
integration. So, what kind of margin increment possible for FY '27 and '28? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
As we said, due to the current geopolitical situation, the macroeconomic factors, the currency 
fluctuation, the challenges that every business is facing in terms of supply times, cost, etc., we 
probably would not want to give any guidance at this stage. We'll travel some more distance and 
have better visibility on how this whole crisis is playing out, then we will set up into guidance. 
Surya Narayan: 
Okay. And sir, in the payment solution business, what is the current market share in the banking 
industry we are having and what kind of vision we carry for FY '30? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Basically, the market share data which was last published was for FY '25 by the leading industry 
analysts, and there we had a market share of 31.6% of the payment cards market in India. Now, 
as we said for FY '30, our approach has been constantly to ensure that we are relevant to the 
customer's evolving needs. So, we are focusing on premiumization, we're focusing on metal 
cards. We also have our cards certified by payment schemes for biometric cards. 
 
We see sustainability being a very important aspect for banks, where they would like to ensure 
that their carbon footprint is reduced, and they have their own sustainability goals. So, we're also 
working on sustainable cards, both using recycled PVC as well as for wooden cards. 
 
And obviously, as the new generation comes in, there are new payment form factors coming in. 
We've done some innovation around feature phone automation, using technologies for some of 
the large public sector banks which we cannot reveal under NDA. 
So, our approach has been to always keep innovating as to what are the evolving needs of the 
customer and the customer's customer and remain relevant. So, you can be rest assured that 
whatever is the payment landscape by 2030, Seshaasai would be a sizeable value contributor in 
that ecosystem. 

Seshaasai Technologies Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Surya Narayan: 
In the card business, what is the current percentage of non-BFSI business we are having? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Basically, the non-BFSI customers are customers who work as system integrators for large 
transit projects, some of them who work on forex cards, gift cards, etc. So probably the non-
BFSI in the payment card business is close to about more or less 4% of the total payment card 
business. 
Surya Narayan: 
Okay. So, there are a lot of other programs of the government - I mean, many social welfare 
programs. So are we also interested to look at those spaces, considering the challenges from the 
government side, I mean, in terms of, let's say, working capital issues. So are we interested to 
have those areas in our portfolio? 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
Good question. I'll break it down into three parts. See, one is the banks issue Mudra cards, the 
banks issue Kisan Credit Cards, and the banks also issues financial inclusion cards. So that 
obviously, we do it as a service provider aligned to a particular bank who is conducting that 
program for the respective government agency. So, we do that as mandated by our banking 
customers. 
On the second side, we also work on projects where, for example, there's a free transport offered 
to a certain entitled category in a state, okay? It could also be for students, it could be for senior 
citizens, it could be for veterans of the armed forces, it could be for women. 
They are the system integrators, and we work back-to-back where we give them the cards, which 
have the offline wallets on them, and the wallets are structured in such a manner that the 
discounting of the beneficiary is reflected under the wallet logic built into the card. 
So, we're working on three state government projects, which are for beneficiaries for transport, 
probably under announcement which have been done as part of the government's manifesto. 
And the third aspect, which we are seeing some interest now, we are working on some pilot 
projects where certain state governments are evaluating working on a single card platform across 
multiple benefits that they're giving. It's just at a conceptual stage now. But as it evolves, we 
would like to play a role there as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
call over to the management for closing comments. 
Pragnyat Lalwani: 
It has been a pleasure interacting with you all today. We appreciate your continued trust and 
support. Thank you. 
Pavan Kumar: 
Thank you once again everyone for joining us today. It was lovely interacting with all of you. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Seshaasai Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
