 
 
 
 
 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
A Kirloskar Group Company
SEC/ F: 26       
 
 
 
   
 
                                 May 20, 2026 
BSE Limited  
                                                 National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department,  
               5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring,   
                           Bandra (East), 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   
 
               Mumbai - 400 051. 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001.  
 
(BSE Scrip Code – 500241)   
 
 
   (NSE Symbol - KIRLOSBROS) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial               
Results for the Quarter and Financial Year ended on March 31, 2026 
 
Ref:  Regulation 30 & 46 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
This is in continuation of our letter dated May 12, 2026 giving intimation of the subject 
mentioned conference call and subsequently furnishing the web link for accessing the Audio 
recording of the said conference call vide our letter dated May 15, 2026. 
 
In terms of the subject referred Regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
Conference Call held on May 15, 2026 with Analysts / Investors on Audited Financial Results 
of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended on March 31, 2026. 
 
Please note that the said transcript has also been uploaded on the website of the Company  
(https://www.kirloskarpumps.com) and which can be accessed at the following link: 
 
Link:  https://www.kirloskarpumps.com/investors/analyst-meeting-transcript/    
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
Devang Trivedi  
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above. 
  
Devang 
B Trivedi
Digitally signed by 
Devang B Trivedi 
Date: 2026.05.20 
14:05:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the 
stock exchange on 15th May 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY KIRLOSKAR – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS 
LIMITED 
MR. ALOK KIRLOSKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS INTERNATIONAL B.V. 
MS. RAMA KIRLOSKAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
KIRLOSKAR EBARA PUMPS LIMITED 
MR. HEMANT SHALIGRAM – ASSOCIATE VICE 
PRESIDENT – KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
MR. DEVANG TRIVEDI – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
KIRLOSKAR BROTHERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Kirloskar Brothers Limited Q4 and FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in listen only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch tone 
phone. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Sanjay Kirloskar, Chairman and Managing Director, 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kirloskar Brothers Limited, I extend a very 
warm welcome to everyone for joining us on our call today. I hope you've had an opportunity to 
go through the financial results and the investor presentation, which have been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and on the company's website. 
 
On this call, I have with me Mr. Alok Kirloskar, Managing Director, Kirloskar Brothers 
International; Ms. Rama Kirloskar, Joint Managing Director, Kirloskar Brothers Limited; Mr. 
Hemant Shaligram, our Associate Vice President; Mr. Devang Trivedi, our Company Secretary; 
and Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
 
Let me begin my remarks by giving some business highlights and talking about our Q4 FY'26 
performance. For the quarter ended 31st March 2026, our consolidated revenue stood at Rs. 
14.151 billion, marking a growth of 10% on a year-on-year basis. For the full year, revenue was 
Rs.45.380 billion, reflecting a marginal growth of 1% compared to the same period last year. 
 
For Q4 FY'26, our domestic revenue stood at Rs.9.091 billion, registering a growth of 3% year-
on-year basis. For the full year, the revenue was Rs.28.281 billion, reflecting a degrowth of 3% 
compared to the same period last year. On the international business performance, our revenue 
for Q4 grew by 25% and for the full year, our revenue grew by 7%. 
 
This growth was driven by growth in the Dutch entity, South African entity, SPP U.K. and SPP 
U.S.A. on account of a healthy order book execution, along with the improvement in overall 
product demand. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
 
Our consolidated EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs.2.093 billion with margins standing at 
14.8%. For the full year, EBITDA was Rs.6.213 billion with margins standing at 13.7%. PAT 
for Q4 FY'26 was Rs.1.121 billion, and for the full year, PAT was Rs.3.772 billion. 
 
Our performance during the year was impacted on the back of, if you remember, in Q4, there 
was a one-time expense of Rs.258 million relating to implementation of the new Labour Codes. 
The total impact due to implementation of the new Labour Code is Rs.389 million in FY'26. 
 
As this impact arises from regulatory change and is a nonrecurring in nature, it has been 
classified as an exceptional item. The group will continue to monitor further developments and 
revise estimates based on additional clarifications and notified rules. 
 
The second point is that in the first half of last year, we witnessed adverse seasonal trends, which 
affected demand in the small pump segment, primarily catering to the agricultural sector. There 
were delays in Jal Jeevan Mission relating funding issues – funding to dealers, which affected 
dispatches and the production schedules. 
 
As you are aware, the company continues to maintain strict commercial policies. While we were 
quite hopeful when the center released funds for the Jal Jeevan Mission, dispatches and further 
manufacturing were impacted due to delays in fund release at the state level. 
 
And the third point was, in addition, we had SAP-based ERP implementation at the foundry 
operations in Kirloskarvadi. This led to temporary operational disruptions during the transition 
phase impacting production levels and execution, particularly in the small and medium pump 
segment. However, the system has now largely stabilized and is expected to improve operational 
efficiency, cost control and order execution going forward. 
 
However, our domestic order book stands at Rs.24.680 billion, registering a robust growth of 
30% over the previous year, while the international order book also remained strong, growing 
21% year-on-year to Rs.14.808 billion. These results reflect a healthy pipeline and continued 
customer confidence while reaffirming the strength of our global presence and our ability to 
capitalize on growth opportunities across diverse markets. 
 
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the company's growth trajectory backed by a healthy 
mix of domestic and international business, a robust order pipeline and continued focus on 
operational excellence. The company is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth in the 
periods ahead. 
 
I'm happy to share that the Board has recommended a final dividend of Rs.7, that's 350%, per 
equity share of Rs.2 each for the financial year '25-'26. This dividend is subject to shareholders' 
approval in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
 
So that's all I have to say. We can now begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Pratik Kothari 
Sir, first on our standalone, so we have seen very strong order inflow and building up of our 
order book. So if you can just talk about where are these orders coming from? What is going 
right, which end industry, etc.? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Sure. Is that the only question or... 
Pratik Kothari: 
No, there are two more if -- so second is, one, we call out JJM as an issue which is hurting our 
execution. But in the previous call, we had called out that JJM was sub 4%, 5% of revenue, so 
not as material. So anything else that is disrupting the execution despite the strong order book 
that is filling out? So these two on India and then maybe later, one to Alok? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Okay. On the standalone order book, we are seeing growth in building and construction. I had 
mentioned that building and construction is the infrastructure is doing very well in India. And 
the company has certain products, which the competition doesn't have, and we are able to bundle 
those products along with others. 
 
So we are seeing good growth in building and construction, in marine and defense, as 
Government of India puts in more and more emphasis on the defense industry. Oil and gas, 
again, is another area where we are seeing good growth. Some of the best numbers are coming 
from power. 
 
That is because of the different power stations, different types of power stations, that's both coal-
fired as well as nuclear, which is showing good promise. And water and irrigation, again, is also 
quite strong at the moment. 
 
So these are the areas that we are seeing growth in. I think the company's product portfolio is 
extremely strong. We make some of the most efficient pumps. And I believe that customers have 
started understanding lowest lifecycle cost and the fact that the loss in efficiency with our 
products is far less than anyone else. And therefore, we do get premiums for our orders even 
against multinational companies who don't have such products. 
 
And the other thing which you might think is a little -- that we are being too strict, but we 
continue to follow -- despite all this, we continue to follow our commercial policies, which is 
especially for the small and medium and Kirloskarvadi range of products, we insist on -- in 
advance and we insist on a letter of credit. The retail business, whether it's from the small pumps 
or small and medium pumps, continues to be done on a cash basis. 
So we are maintaining very strong commercial terms. And at the same time, the product portfolio 
is very strong. I don't know if you are following the company, you would have seen that the 
Government of India itself recognized one of our products as the Appliance of the Year. So that 
is what is driving the growth. In fact, all new products that fall into that category, when we 
improve them or redesign them or come out with new products, we ensure that they meet the 
European Minimum Efficiency Index norms. So I think that also is something that customers 
appreciate and want to come back to us for or want to give us a premium for. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
As far as JJM is concerned, yes, though it is 4% to 5%, it does affect one of the sectors very 
badly, that's the water sector. And what we've seen is there have been all kinds of investigations, 
which don't affect the company as such, but it does affect the ability to ship out products. So 
while we do have orders which are unfulfilled and we've not moved ahead on that, there are 
other orders where we release the products to our dealers or the contractors only when we are 
assured of 100% payment either in advance or an LC. So that will, I think, move slowly. 
Hopefully, the problems will be behind us in the next few quarters. 
The other thing which we had mentioned some time ago, and I think in the last quarter, I had 
said was a little difficult was the implementation of the ERP in the foundry, where we are trying 
to get exact material accounting and ensure that orders are followed, orders go out of our system 
as they are placed into the system. You would understand that there are many orders for different 
types of pumps that come together in different materials. 
So we want to smoothen this process by ensuring that a customer regardless of the type of pump 
and the material of construction of pump he orders in, he gets everything together and in time. 
That has been an issue earlier, but now we expect it to sort itself out. So that was something that 
affected our foundry affected our small and medium pump business. 
If you have a question for Alok or you have a follow-up question to me, I can take that. 
Pratik Kothari: 
No, thank you for that, sir. Sir, to Alok, one, again, very strong order inflow continues. This, I 
think, this quarter will be one of the highest. So one, what is going right there? And two, on 
margins, surprisingly, I mean, we did a lot of corrective actions in the past. But again, I mean, 
keeping the SPP U.K. aside, which is where the issues are, but even in, say, U.S. and other 
geographies. So one, if you can talk about the margins and the order inflow? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. So I think just to address  I'll start with the margins because they are connected to order 
inflow. When you look at Slide 11 of the presentation, the big drop in EBITDA comes only from 
SPP U.K., which moved from Rs.95 crores to Rs.58.1 crores, Rs.37 crores drop in EBITDA. If 
you look at it compared to the U.S., it's Rs.3 crores. And I mean, the others in terms of real value, 
it's not very much. I mean the others are increased  are doing better, except South Africa, which 
as a percentage is lower, but as a actual value is higher in terms of EBITDA. But I would say 
that this mainly is coming from the mix of the products. 
So to answer your question, we have more orders in the U.K., a lot of them coming from oil and 
gas. And as I mentioned in the last quarter, the service booking had reduced because as you 
probably know, the U.K. power prices have crossed Rs.30 a unit, which means that not 
manufacturing actually for us, but for very energy-intensive industries, for which we would do 
the service like steel or chemicals or petrochemicals or glass industries, etcetera, they are 
struggling and they are only idling in the U.K. at that level. And so the amount of service work 
done for them even under a framework has reduced. 
Like I mentioned, we have looked to diversify out of industry. I mean, we diversified into 
industry and other areas to move away from oil and gas. But unfortunately, because of misguided 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
views of politicians, even industry is struggling because of power prices. So we've moved to 
water. As I mentioned last time, we have won the framework agreement for United Utilities, 
which controls basically the water supply for almost all of Eastern England.  
But it takes some time for us to bring the service work in because at least a quarter was in 
analysis, surveys, agreeing with the customer what requires maintenance, those kinds of things. 
So I would say the mix has changed. The service business has reduced. The product business 
has increased. The order book that you see right now coming into the U.K. and U.S. is fueled by 
oil and gas, water and data centers. As a norm, like we said, oil and gas is the lowest margin. 
Data centers is great margin, but they are not as close to service. 
So what we are trying to do right now is reconfigure the sales. But looking at the order book 
position, we feel that  and this is just indicative what I'm saying. It's not our second quarter, 
which is calendar year second quarter for the international companies, but closer to third quarter, 
probably we will be able to realign the margins back to what we want. But that said, we still are 
very optimistic, and we would probably look to get back to the margin levels that we're looking 
for even on a whole year basis. That's what we are trying to achieve. 
Pratik Kothari: 
 
That's very encouraging. Thank you. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raj Shah from ENAM AMC. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the stand-alone numbers. So 
we were expecting, as you had mentioned in the last con call as well, that the year should see a 
back-ended kind of growth, that Q4 should show a significant growth. While you mentioned, 
sir, that there were issues related to SAP implementation in the foundry, but if that would not 
have taken place, do you see this year would have grown at double-digit rate, which was your 
aspiration earlier? 
Sanjay Kirloskar:  
I think, the growth in the last quarter is indicative of basically the way it will continue to grow 
because quite a few things were smoothened out. And therefore, the double-digit growth that we 
expected was actually impacted by the first quarter, second quarter and third quarter. But the last 
quarter, the sale was higher than the previous year's last quarter. So basically, now we do expect 
that quite a few things have gotten cleared, and we will continue to grow as we did earlier. 
That being said, there's one big caveat in the sense that there is a war, which we don't know 
whether it has started or stopped or restarted and how that is going to affect, but that's going to 
affect everyone. Like other people, we did have problems with gas availability because as you're 
aware, we do have our own foundry. We were able to quickly change over and ensure that most 
of the requirements were met by electricity, and that really helped us have far better numbers 
than we could have had. But as you can see, the order board is all there. 
The company follows a very conservative policy of recognizing orders. There are many orders 
that we have, which are not recognized because they've not met commercial terms. And 
therefore, they do not get counted as orders. So, I would like to make that statement because 
that's the way we operate, and it might give you a sense that, are these all the orders. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Raj Shah: 
Got it. Got it, sir. Sir, secondly, you mentioned about the problems that you faced under the Jal 
Jeevan Mission scheme. Sir, recently, government laid out the Jal Jeevan Mission second part 
or second tranche, where the focus will be more rather than infrastructure development, it will 
be more towards service delivery and the network. So given all the problems that exist in the 
short term, do you see the second Jal Jeevan Mission via our dealers can be an opportunity for 
the business? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I think any spend on infra will be an opportunity for our business. Of course, we've learned from 
the first time and so have our dealers. So we will be quite careful. And I hope that the rest of 
industry also follows because all of us in the industry have had the same problem. We need to 
be careful, and we will see there will be business out of this as well. 
Raj Shah: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, second set of questions on nuclear sector. So there are various parts to this. 
First is, sir, all of us read and we congratulate you for the success of the Fast Breeder Reactor 
that we had supplied a few years ago, the primary and secondary sodium pumps. So, now when 
Stage 3 starts, what could be the time line that it will take for -- I know it is very tough to answer, 
but how much time will it take? And what could be the opportunity over here for us? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I'm the wrong person to ask such a question because I don't give the orders for the nuclear power 
plants. But at the end of the day, as we see it, and I think I believe I had told you this last time 
also, we are sufficiently bullish about this sector because the company has developed certain 
pumps using its own money. So we've invested in new designs. We've invested in new -- what 
is it called, prototyping and testing of new pumps, which we had not made before. These pumps 
have been totally designed in India.  
And so the IP is controlled in India. And we worked very closely with the Department of Atomic 
Energy to ensure that what we make is also going to be useful for them. And I'm quite confident 
that despite the fact that we have made these pumps, we will get orders for these kind of pumps. 
The opportunity is quite large. Government has announced that 100 gigawatts of nuclear power  
would be generated through nuclear power. We believe that it should be closer to 200 because 
for Viksit Bharat, we need something like 1,000 gigawatts of power and baseload, if slowly the 
coal-fired power plants go out, this will have to be done by nuclear power plants. 
So for the Fast Breeder, we've developed most of the pumps on the primary side. On the 
secondary side for the pressurized heavy water reactors, we already had the secondary side. Now 
we have a large portion of products developed in-house for the primary side. Our primary heat 
transport pumps, the performance of those pumps is better than what we had thought. We are 
now ensuring that the full-scale prototype will be delivered on schedule to the NPCIL. And the 
requirements are quite large.  
I mean the SHANTI bill has, I believe, ensured that many players who want to generate nuclear 
power are interested. And the company has been asked to give budgetary quotes for all types of 
pumps, which have been given. As soon as whatever constraints they have are cleared, I believe 
that we will see step-by-step customers placing orders on pump suppliers for the different types 
of pumps required in a nuclear power station. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
Raj Shah: 
Got it, sir. Got it. That's very helpful. Sir, in connection to this, the pumps that we are developing 
and we have in portfolio, will it also be part of the upcoming Bharat Small Modular Reactor 
program that is made up by the government? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
The Bharat Small Reactor is a 200-megawatt small modular reactor that is being designed. We 
are being asked to give quotations for different types of pumps. I think, whenever that is 
finalized, we do expect that there will be prototype orders because it's a totally different type of 
pump. The small modular reactors are all light water reactors. Our company has experience in 
designing pumps for light water reactors and has delivered. So we expect that we will be asked 
to participate in tenders for development of this type of reactor as well. 
Raj Shah: 
Got it. Thank you very much, sir. That was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gayathri from Catamaran Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Gayathri: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the topic of data centers. So in the 
previous conversations as well, you have mentioned that the scale of data centers being 
established in India is relatively small when we compare it to the likes of U.S.A. However, 
following just the recent update of there being a mild delay in the execution of data centers even 
in the U.S., how do you forecast that demand? And if we were to set up 1 gigawatt of like data 
center capacity then what sort of a cost element is correlated to the pumps which are required in 
percentage? Do we have any idea there? 
Alok Kirloskar 
Yes. I mean just to put it in context because as you mentioned, everyone says there are a lot of 
data centers coming in India and compares it to the U.S. I've had many conversations with 
people, but I'll just put some numbers to you. At the current time, there are over 4,000 data 
centers operating in the U.S. And as we speak, over 2,000 data centers in the U.S. have received 
all planning permissions to proceed for construction. 
 
So compared to that, as you would imagine, the number of data centers in India or coming up in 
India are much smaller. Not to say they are not, but there are data centers, we are aware who 
puts them up because on one side, you have consultants like AECOM, etcetera, who we work 
with on a regular basis. And on the other side, you have the people who finance them like 
Brookfield and others who also we work with. 
 
So that's generally the ecosystem. And of course, there are a few people like Amazon, which I 
mentioned earlier, with whom we work in the U.S., and they are one of few who put up their 
own data centers, Amazon and Microsoft, of course. So I would say that's the general landscape. 
 
For a 1-megawatt data center, there are different types of pumps. And I think just to put it in 
context, one is the main intake water pump that brings the water into a data center. And the value 
of these pumps varies greatly because it depends whether you're using seawater or freshwater or 
different kinds of water. So that changes the metallurgy of the pump. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
 
So I would not want to  because it will misguide you, the price of a regular pump would be  I'm 
giving you an example, $0.5 million, but maybe the price of a seawater intake pump for the same 
sort of installation would be close to maybe $4.5 million, just to put in context. The variation is 
huge depending on the intake. So, it's probably better to discuss not the intake, not the treatment 
because that's the next stage. 
 
But after treatment, you have the HVAC system. So you have an HVAC system, which basically 
cools the water where we participate. And that usually for the HVAC side could be around $2 
million. Then you have  and this is not just a pump. This is a containerized system. You have 
the fire package, again, which is about maybe $1 million is again a package system, not just the 
fire pumps by themselves because nowadays most of them buy them in a container or modular 
unit. 
 
Then you have a booster package, which maybe $200or $3000, which basically takes the chilled 
water towards the on-chip cooling system. Now the on-chip cooling system as a company, we 
don't have much exposure with much smaller pumps that go into the  attached to the on-chip 
cooling system. We don't participate so much in that. 
 
And then you have the return system bringing the water back to the chiller. So that's the loop. 
That I think should give you a general idea of what value is there in a hyperscale data center, 
which usually requires 2 million liters of top-up water every day. 
Gayathri: 
Understood that. Yes, I follow that. Thank you, a lot, for sharing So essentially, the end part 
where you said there's a return cooling system. Is there pumps involved in that step as well or 
not? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes, it's similar to the booster package. 
Gayathri: 
Thank you very much. That's all from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashwani Sharma from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead  
Ashwani Sharma 
Yes. Hello, sir. Good afternoon and thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, my first 
question is again on the JJM. So after this JJM 2, has there been a meaningful pickup in the 
tendering or awarding of the orders in any state? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Not yet that I'm aware of. 
Ashwani Sharma 
Okay. And we have been reading news on the releasing of funds by many states. Any rough idea 
that how much would be outstanding at a country level for JJM? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I think the ministry would be the best people to ask such a question because like I always held 
pumps are usually 1% to 1.5% of any project. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Ashwani Kumar Sharma 
Got it, sir. Secondly, sir, on the growth, for example, on the domestic and internationally, given 
the fact that there has been a meaningful jump in the order inflow and order backlog, is it fair to 
say that we can grow 15%, 20% next year in FY '27 in both the businesses, domestic and 
international? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I have been saying that for the last few years that we will show double-digit growth. 
Unfortunately, last year, with all its challenges, we could not do that. So I will say that we'll 
strive for double-digit growth this year as well. I cannot predict wars, I cannot predict gas 
shortages. But everything that is being done, whether you see new product development, that's 
something that the company believes in. 
 
We believe that as a company, we can develop products in India for the world. And increasingly, 
we see a lot of people from around the world placing orders on us. And the operations are being 
streamlined, as we have mentioned. And the distribution network also is being enhanced, 
whether it's in Southeast Asia or whether it is in India or around the world. So fortunately, for 
us, as a nation, we are in a good place. And as a company, then it is our responsibility to take 
full advantage of that. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Got it sir. And sir, on the, given the fact that there's so much of geopolitical scenario, are we 
facing any supply chain issues in the operations, raw material availability challenges, anything 
which are kind of, obviously, it is there for most of the industries, but how are you dealing with 
it? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Costs obviously start going up. You've seen the, as soon as the Strait of Hormuz closed, none of 
us realized that fertilizer would be affected, helium supplies would go down, causing all 
consequential issues, oil prices, again, will affect food and agriculture. So each of these actions 
have consequences. And I don't think when Mr. Trump decided to go to war, even he had thought 
it out very well as to where, what would get affected. 
 
But then it's our responsibility as management to ensure that the least amount of impact comes 
on us. And fortunately, I would say, with the kind of product line that we have and the strong 
distribution network that we have, we are able to pass on price rises whenever required. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Just one clarification. In the JJM, when you take an order, do we have that O&M portion also? 
Or it just product order? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
No, we just take a product order. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
We just take the product order. We don't have? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
In most of these cases, sometimes if the project is also large and the products are also large, we 
would split the product order into order for the product and then order for installation and 
commissioning, especially when it is going to take time. But here, the orders have come through 
dealers or contractors and usually, they can handle it. Our dealers have been trained to install 
our products properly. So we would prefer to be paid for whatever we have provided as soon as 
possible. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Ashwani Sharma: 
And other than JJM, when we look at the product business, do we have that aftersales service 
attached to it? Is there a contract for that? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Yes, yes, yes. There are authorized filters and everything that the company has. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
So if I have to, let's say, out of the domestic product order book, how much would be the 
aftersales service in that? Is it possible to quantify? 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
This kind of question does come whether it is aftersales service or what portion of your business 
comes from energy or whatever. We don't give these numbers. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
No problem sir thank you very much. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from SteadFort. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Hi Alok. The question is to Alok. Alok, one of the places or geographies which has done pretty 
well for us has been U.S., okay? From Rs.300 crores in '22 to today, it is Rs.540 crores, okay? 
And the margins are also pretty decent. How diversified is our business in that geography across 
the segments and products today it means? Do we still depend on 1 or 2 particular sectors, let's 
say, 30%, 40% of our revenue or it is much more diversified, granular? So some thoughts on 
that. And again, something on product. And from here on, what would be your thoughts for next 
3 years to take that business ahead? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Mr. Upadhyay, thank you for the question. I think like I mentioned maybe a few calls ago that 
the US business started with the fire business. And the reason for that was, as we said, when we 
approached the old US distributors of other companies who've obviously been the distributors 
of those other US companies sometimes up to a century, multigenerational, they were not keen 
to take our products at that time when we started this business. And so we finally made them 
take the fire product because fire product was one product where most US companies were not 
so keen in. 
 
And the reason that the dealers didn't want to disturb the existing relationships is obviously 
because of spare parts that they were getting and ready spare part business were getting from the 
historic installed base of those American companies. 
 
So we entered using the fire pump business. And the fire pump business grew and they liked our 
products, and that's how we slowly widened our scope with the distributors, starting with fire 
pumps. And of course, fire pumps don't have any spare parts because usually a fire pump should 
not be used that often unless there is a fire and doesn't require so much service. So it was a very 
fire pump heavy business. 
 
And from fire pumps, we sort of got larger and got into water. And we were having traction 
issues. And so that's the reason we bought SyncroFlo. SyncroFlo was more in the municipal 
business. And there were some synergies between the distributors that we had on the fire side 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
and SyncroFlo side. So that's how together we could offer a larger basket of products from our 
overall basket that was available. 
 
So that said, I would say today, if we look at it, about 35% of our business still comes from fire. 
As the, we were not able to make a breakthrough in the water business because of the old 
relationships. And even though we had an excellent water product, as I mentioned, in the UK 
water utilities, we have 85% market share in the water business. And one of the reasons for that 
is high efficiency of the product, but also very low downtime because all the maintenance on 
our products, which are our LLC products can be done from the outside. 
 
And so when data centers picked up first on the fire side, and we showed this product to them 
for HVAC on the water side, it was very attractive because, as you know, hyperscale data centers 
say 99% uptime, which means they only have 6 hours of maintenance in the entire year. So that's 
the reason why suddenly this product got traction in the data center market and now 25% of our 
US business comes from data centers. 
 
So and the remainder of the business comes from diversified business in water utilities, retail 
packages for high-rise buildings, so what we call booster systems as well as municipal booster 
packages, which account for the remainder of the business. So that is the key sectors. 
 
So if I break it up, I'd say fire that goes into commercial buildings, industrial buildings as well 
as industrial sites; data centers, which by itself is a 25% chunk; and then the remainder is 
municipal booster systems for water and booster packages and HVAC, and it’s very small 
HVAC packages, mainly booster packages that go into high-rise buildings, commercial 
buildings, golf courses, things like that. Does that answer your question? 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Yes, Alok. Very helpful 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. And going forward, I would say our focus is really how can we use our traction in data 
centers to get into other HVAC areas because obviously, we have an advantage there into other 
HVAC areas and enhance what in India, we call our commercial building services division or 
B&C division. So we will look to have a holistic approach into that division on one side. 
 
And the second side is push harder into the municipal market, which like we have in the U.K., 
strength in the U.K., we push harder into that and start getting the municipal market because the 
U.S. infrastructure, as you know, has gotten older over the many years. And they are investing 
now in infrastructure, just like AMP8 is coming up in the U.K., we didn't see so much movement 
this year, but we do see the inquiries. So we do expect movement from next quarter in AMP8. 
But similarly, there are programs in the U.S. for growth in the municipal side. 
 
So we expect that we can participate in a better way using these existing relationships because 
there are a lot of common contractors for the intake water systems of a data center, which 
obviously come from a river or from the sea and the big municipal consultants because those are 
usually common because they are working on one side with the government and the other side, 
a private party. So they are common consultants. So that will help us spec the product, and it 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
will get us into the municipal market. So those are the few sectors we're looking at extending 
from the base we've already created. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
And how many distributors would we be having now in U.S. versus, let's say, 4 years back? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
So approximately, just as distributors, we have about 46 distributors in the U.S. 4 years ago, we 
had 12 distributors. And we had, at that time, one national distributor out of those 12, which was 
Ferguson. Today, apart from Ferguson, we also have Core & Main, which is another national 
distributor. 
 
So we are adding also a few big national distributors like Ferguson in the new 42, but we are 
also going deeper now into every state and from the state down to all the counties to see that can 
we now further divide it? Because when we started in the U.S., we were looking at a very overall 
country level, state level. 
 
Now of course, we are able to go down to county level. So that's really what we are doing as we 
deepen our footprint. But there still continue to be about 10 states in the U.S. where we do 
nothing, absolutely nothing. And there are probably another 7 or 8 states which are partially 
covered. 
 
So I would say that probably one of the best covered states for us are today on the Eastern Coast 
of the U.S. and Texas. Those are our best covered states. But as you start going to the north and 
as you start going to the west, our penetration is lower at the moment. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. And one question to both, either you or Sanjay can reply. See, one of the segments where 
we have a pretty wide product profile is on the power side, okay, which is showing growth in 
India. But outside India, is there any market where you see the potential for that product and 
cross-sell or cross-subsidize in those markets and it becomes a large product profile for us overall 
or how are you seeing the situation play out on the power side outside India? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
So I think power is divided into nuclear, thermal and hydro. I would say our strength historically 
has been, of course, in nuclear and thermal in these. As you know, the thermal power concept in 
Europe and U.K. has not been very palatable. And that's the reason why our power prices today 
in the U.K. have crossed Rs.30 a unit. But Southeast Asia, we do see a limited number of these 
projects coming up, and we do participate. So in Thailand, we have a good penetration. In 
Indonesia, we have a good penetration in thermal power plants. 
 
We do see some coming up in the U.S., but I think power will be very interesting for us connected 
to data centers because as you know, they are looking at gas-fired turbines for data centers 
because data centers are consuming so much power even in the U.S. that they cannot put up 
power plants fast enough. So they are going for gas-powered turbines. So the quickest 
opportunity for us to use our existing strength would be there, if you ask me where the quick 
opportunity and turnaround is. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
And to give you a little background, when the first independent power producers came to India 
in the '90s, whether it was Bechtel with Enron or other companies, Rolls-Royce, Marubeni, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Doosan, Daewoo, Siemens, all of them participated in the  putting up power stations in India. 
And our pumps are running in every single one of them. 
 
This was followed by them using our pumps for their projects overseas. And one thing that we 
saw was other than Bechtel, which used our pumps for 2 very large power stations in Illinois 
and Texas and some smaller ones what they call the Sunbelt states. The Europeans and the East 
Asians only used these pumps from us for all their projects outside of their home countries. 
 
And so we've supplied to Siemens, we've supplied to Alstom. We've supplied to the Japanese 
and the Koreans, but it's more in the Middle East, Central Asia. We are also working with many 
Turkish companies like Calik or Enter for -- ENKA for their projects around the world because 
the product line is a very robust product line and a lot of these companies like us to participate. 
 
As far as nuclear is concerned, yes, in India, we can provide. Government has been quite liberal 
1 or 2 times when we ask them for permission to quote. They first looked at where the power 
plant was being set up, what were the safeguards for that power plant and then gave us 
permission to quote for our products with those EPC contractors who are operating in certain 
countries. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay, okay.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shyam Maheshwari from Aditya Birla Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations team on a decent set of results. All of my 
questions have largely been answered. Just one question on the profitability bit. So on the 
standalone side, on the domestic business, you have taken a lot of measures, particularly on cost 
efficiency, implementing the ERP systems. 
 
So having done all of it, how should we think of profitability margins improving, especially with 
execution of the high order book that we have? That is on the standalone side. And for Alok, a 
similar question on the international piece. Of course, FY26 was sort of a disappointing year in 
that sense. But now again, with the order book coming back and the inquiry pipeline looking 
decent in AMP8, should we expect the profitability to revert back to our FY25 numbers? Yes. 
So those questions basically. 
Rama Kirloskar: 
So just to answer your question on the standalone bit, a couple of areas we are working on 
towards growth of the profitability. One is operational efficiency. You know that our plants and 
our operations are quite complex. So this cannot be done overnight. It will have to be done in a 
staggered manner. 
 
We are very foundry intense, and we have 5 foundries. We have concentrated on one of the 
largest ones this year. We did have a few teething issues, which is why we were hit on the 
revenue side because as you know, we have a healthy order board, but because of some teething 
issues with the foundry, that did hurt our dispatch. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
 
The other aspect was in terms of the war and gas shortages. There were supply chain disruptions 
for our retail business as far as gas shortages were concerned, but we have now ensured that we 
hedge risks towards those gas shortages by enhancing capacity internally. So this should not be 
a problem going forward. As our Chairman has mentioned, in this manner, we strive to enhance 
our performance as far as profitability is concerned. I hope I've answered your question. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Yes, yes, it does. And Alok, on the international side? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. especially, I think we discussed earlier that the issue was not just the orders, but it's the mix 
that we are looking at. And the mix needs to move back to services, which is what I said earlier 
when this question was asked, I think, by Pratik at the start that we are looking to move it back 
towards FY25 in terms of percentage and actual margins. 
Because we do expect the service business to come back as we've diversified even further now 
away from industrial towards more core industries or industries like water, which are imperative 
for human requirement because that's the only thing we can do to keep either dodging volatility 
or misguided government views. And so that's really what we have done. So we do expect that 
we will get back to that level. 
The order book, as you know, is strong. But the order book is more tuned towards, like I 
mentioned earlier, energy, water and data centers. And the higher margin comes more from 
services. So that's really what we've been focusing on. And we are retuning mainly in the UK 
for moving into services now into enhancing the service percentages from water and power 
because that will have a little bit more dependability than industrials, which we hope will ensure 
that there is less volatility going forward. Does that answer your question? 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Yes, it does. And just one follow-up to that. So, we had seeded, I think in the Microsoft in the 
US as a framework contracting data center? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
No Amazon. We will seed Amazon. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Amazon. Sorry, my bad. Have you been able to get any other successes there? Or are you seeing 
something in the pipeline developing? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. We actually have many data center opportunities. And even as we speak right now, we 
have 8 data center packages on the shop floor in the US plant. So going to various data centers. 
The model, as you probably know, has changed because Google -- not Google, sorry, Microsoft 
and Amazon are the ones who are the most active putting up their own data centers. 
But a lot of the other players are getting data centers put up by  I'm just putting a name out there. 
There are many companies like this, but one of the big names, of course, is Brookfield. So these 
are the ones who put up these big data centers and then these become like annuity revenue to the 
private equities when people, like, as an example, let's say, SAP or someone else comes and uses 
that data center for putting in their  or hosting their customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
So we are also working more closely with the large private equities now. And maybe a few 
meetings back, I had mentioned that we work with UK Export Finance for projects in water. But 
UK Export Finance is also working with us now with people like Brookfield and others to 
approach them for financing, which is ECA financing, export credit agency financing for these 
kinds of data centers because they are able to give long financing arrangements, usually 22 years 
after commissioning and at very concessional rates. 
And of course, the requirement is that the product has to come from the country that provides 
the ECA funding. So, let's say, if it's UK-EF, then it would have to be UK So that's quite 
interesting, and they do provide 85% financing for the entire project value as long as 25% content 
comes from, let's say, in this case, say, the UK. So, we are using all the options that are available 
to get better traction with even the private equities because we do understand what makes them 
tick. 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Interesting. That's quite amazing. All the best team for the next year. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashish from Leo Capital. 
Ashish: 
My question has been partially answered. I just confirm that 25%, 30% of the SPP US revenue 
is liquid cooling applications. Is my understanding correct? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes, data centers, not just liquid cooling. 
Ashish: 
Data centers. 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes, because like I mentioned, there are categories of data centers. It's data centers. 
Ashish: 
So, the segment of order book... 
Alok Kirloskar: 
It is data centers, but not intake water systems of data centers, just so that you have a better... 
Ashish: 
This comes under which segment of the order book? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
It will come in SPP Inc. 
Ashish: 
No, no, order book, order book? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
I don't know if we break the orderbook like this. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
I don't believe we -- Hemant, how do we break the... 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes, I don't think the order book can be broken like this. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Yes, we just give... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
Ashish: 
It's not that the liquid cooling application or the AI data center comes under building and 
construction? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
No, no, no. 
Ashish: 
Okay. Sorry, that's -- my bad. Who do we compete with in this space in the DC liquid cooling 
application? Who are the US incumbents? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
The US -- the North American incumbents are Amstel, Taco and then Grundfos has a division 
in America, Xylem. So, we compete against them. So we compete against them. 
Ashish: 
And are we cheaper on a cost basis from them? 
Alok Kirloskar: 
We're not cheaper, but we changed the model before to a modular model, and we provide a 
container system to them, which has the pumps, has a control system, it already is pre-piped and 
is just plug and play in something that looks like a shipping container or it can look like a house 
depending on what they specify. 
And it just sits next to their -- the data center ready-made and plugs in on -- let's say, for the 
cooling application on one side to the water source and the other side to the chiller. 
Ashish:  
 
Got it. Thank you. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Plug-and-play type of equipment, I think it's better value for them. They don't need to think 
much. Their architects don't need to think much. All they need to do is tell us the dimensions 
available, the amount of water they need, at what pressure, what temperature. And we can supply 
a pump house, which has both fire and utility requirements can be met. 
Ashish: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
It's a far better solution than Grundfos or the other companies can give who operate only in one 
of these segments. 
Ashish: 
Got it. Thank you 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Also, I think one important aspect is that the lead time for data centers usually is 18 to 24 months. 
So from that point of view, it saves some construction time for them for, let's say, a pump house 
because we just drop a container in there next to the main building. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nirman from Unique PMS. 
Nirman: 
My question is again on the international bit. So while you mentioned that the profitability was 
affected by the UK operations, but if we see for this particular quarter, profits across entities, I 
mean, even the US and the Dutch entities, the South African entity also was lower. So is there 
any particular reason for this? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kirloskar Brothers Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
Alok Kirloskar: 
Yes. I mean, you'll appreciate that this quarter, while it is KBL's quarter 4, it is their first quarter. 
So normally, the first quarter is a little bit slower comparatively. But I would say the first quarter, 
it varies really because it's the first quarter, right? It depends very often on what is the spillover 
from the previous year into the first quarter. So as an example, SPP UK last year had a good 
spillover from Q4 into Q1, and that helped their first quarter. And that is also similar for the 
Dutch entities last year. 
So I think that's really where it depends. But there's nothing in particular. I wouldn't say that 
there is anything that I would say necessarily on that. I would look at it more from a year-to-
year point of view, and that's what I mentioned earlier on the same Slide 11, with the exception 
of SPP UK because the mix, like I said, the service is lower, all the others were better off than 
the previous year. 
Nirman:  
 
Yes, got it. Understood. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraints, that was the last question of the day. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Hemant Shaligram for closing comments. 
Hemant Shaligram: 
We thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We hope we were able to provide you with 
the comprehensive overview of our business and address your queries satisfactorily. Should you 
have any further questions or require any additional clarification, please be free to reach out to 
SGA, our Investor Relations Advisors. Thank you once again for your continued trust and 
support. Wishing you, everyone, a very pleasant day ahead. Thank you. 
Sanjay Kirloskar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Kirloskar Brothers Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
