 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
Regd Office. Plot No.128/A, Road No.12, IDA-Mallapur, Uppal Mandal, Hyderabad-500076, Telangana, India 
Tel No:040-27167000-099, Fax No: 040-27150820 
Mail: cs@apollo-micro.com, www.apollo-micro.com 
CIN:L72200TG1997PLC026556 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 21st  May 2026 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange 
Plaza, 
C-1, 
Block 
G,
Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex,
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540879                  Symbol: APOLLO                                ISIN: INE713T01028 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on May 19, 2026 under Regulation 
30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30, read with Part A of Schedule III, and other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and further to our intimation dated May 14, 
2026, regarding schedule of the Earnings Conference Call with investors, we wish to inform 
you that the conference call was held on Tuesday 19th May, 2026. 
 
Transcript of the above-mentioned Earnings Conference Call is attached herewith and can 
also be accessed at: https://apollo-micro.com. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
For Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
Karunakar Reddy Baddam 
Managing Director 
DIN:00790139
BADDAM 
KARUNAKAR 
REDDY
Digitally signed by 
BADDAM KARUNAKAR 
REDDY 
Date: 2026.05.21 
22:26:04 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARUNAKAR REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
MR. A. KRISHNA SAI KUMAR – WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR - OPERATIONS – APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDARSHAN CHILUVERU – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – APOLLO MICRO SYSTEMS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRITISH URUMKAR – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Apollo Micro Systems Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pritish Urumkar from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Pritish Urumkar: 
Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to Apollo Micro Systems Q4 
FY26 conference call. I would like to thank the management for giving us the opportunity to 
host the conference call. From the management team, we have Mr. Karunakar Reddy, Managing 
Director, Mr. Sai Kumar, Whole-Time Director, and Mr. Sudarshan Chiluveru, CFO. 
Now, I hand over the call to the management for opening remarks. Thank you. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Good morning, everyone. Myself A. Krishna Sai Kumar, I’m the Director Operations, Apollo 
Micro Systems. Thank you all for being with us today. It's always a privilege to engage with our 
valued investors and provide updates on our performance, strategy, and future outlook. 
I am pleased to share that we have delivered our highest ever quarterly and 12 months revenue 
marked by consistent execution, operational discipline, and a strong commitment to 
indigenization and the Atmanirbhar Bharat initiative. I trust, you have had the opportunity to 
review our financial results, shareholder letter, press release, tear sheet, and investor 
presentation. 
The shareholder letter reflects the true thoughts from Apollo Micro Systems, which will help 
you understand where we are headed and our long-term direction. The press release provides a 
concise overview of our annual and quarterly financial performance. 
The tear sheet offers a snapshot of who we are, what we do, our financial highlights, and a 
glimpse into Vision 2036. The investor presentation provides a comprehensive overview of our 
weapons, systems, and subsystems, explosive portfolio, financial performance, and strategic 
priorities. This marks our fourth interaction to conclude fiscal year 2026. 
We are pleased to begin with a significant milestone that marks our continued growth and global 
progress. We are pleased to announce that an additional acquisition by our subsidiary Apollo 
Defence Industries Private Limited is expected to be completed before end of this financial year, 
which will significantly complement our organic growth and overall strengthen our business. 
We are currently charting our Vision 2036 document, which will be unveiled soon and will 
outline our detailed strategy, key growth areas, and strategic direction for Apollo's growth over 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
the coming decade. A glimpse of Vision 2036 has already been shared with you through the 
shareholder letter and the tear sheet. 
Our vision is to grow as a global OEM over the next 10 years with recognizable revenue streams 
across land, air, and sea domains, expanding our presence in Indian markets, while continuing 
to scale in global markets. Delivering valued products built with conviction and strengthening 
our R&D capabilities with the most advanced and futuristic technologies. 
The four pillars of our vision are; first, becoming a global OEM made in India, transitioning 
from a tier 1 supplier of critical electronics to a recognizable global OEM in defense platforms 
where Apollo's name is on the platform itself, not only inside the electronic system, which forms 
part of a platform. 
Second, building recognizable and diversified revenue streams across land, air, and sea so that 
no single platform, program, or customer defines the Apollo story. Third, deepening our 
presence in Indian defense procurement, while meaningfully expanding in global markets, 
converting our first export order into a sustained international revenue stream. 
And fourth, driving conviction-led innovation, which has always been the backbone of Apollo 
Micro System, backed by futuristic R&D in radio frequency technologies, artificial intelligence, 
autonomous systems, and inertial navigation technologies. 
We do make mistakes. Some bets will succeed, while others may require a course correction. 
What I commit to you on behalf of the entire team Apollo and the management and the Managing 
Director of Apollo is that, we will communicate with complete transparency through both 
success and setbacks without glossing over challenges or overstating achievements. 
Let me now take you through our consolidated performance in last five years, full year that is 
2026 and fourth quarter ended 31 March, 2026. Over the last five years, we have delivered strong 
compounded growth and operational performance. Between FY21 and FY26, our revenue grew 
from operations at CAGR of 30%, while EBITDA grew at a CAGR of 41% over the same period. 
Our bottom line significantly outpaced top-line growth registering a CAGR of 64%. 
We also witnessed meaningful margin expansion during this period. EBITDA margin improved 
from 19% in FY21 to 24% in FY26, reflecting an expansion of 500 basis points. PAT margin 
expanded by 700 basis points increasing from 5% in FY21 to 12% in FY26. 
The ROCE improved substantially from 10% in FY21 to 18% in FY26, demonstrating enhanced 
operational efficiency and capital productivity. Our working capital cycle has also seen a 
significant improvement reducing from 626 days in FY21 to 359 days in FY26. 
Moving to our FY26 performance, during the last call, we had indicated an internal target of 
achieving a 15% PAT margin at the standalone level. We commit; we deliver. We close the year 
with the full year PAT margin of 16%. At consolidated level, our top-line of FY26 stood at 
INR904 crores, registering a strong year-on-year growth of 61%, compared to INR562 crores in 
FY25. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
EBITDA excluding other income grew significantly by 69% to INR218 crores in FY26 as 
against INR129 crores in FY25. A similar growth trajectory was witnessed in PAT, which 
outpaced revenue growth and increased by 91% to INR107 crores in FY26, compared to INR56 
crores in FY25. 
FY26 has been a breakthrough year in Apollo's history marked by strong financial discipline and 
operational execution. During the year, ROCE and ROE stood at 18.23% and 11.21%, 
respectively. EBITDA margin expanded by 114 basis points to 24% in FY26, while PAT margin 
expanded by 185 basis points to 12% in FY26. We made the highest investment in R&D within 
the industry during FY26 with R&D expenditure amounting to 8% of revenue, which is around 
INR72 crores in absolute terms. 
Notably, we recorded zero attrition within our R&D team during this year, reflecting the strength 
and stability of our talent base. In FY26, our focused and rigorous R&D efforts culminated in 
successful development of products such as Mini Torpedo, sensor suits for underwater 
autonomous vehicles, fiber optic gyro-based INS systems, and several other advanced solutions. 
We are also actively working on multiple critical and next-generation technologies and solutions 
that will strengthen our future capabilities and growth trajectory. 
I would now like to draw your attention to some of the key highlights of FY26 that have laid a 
strong foundation for the years ahead, including a successful fundraise, greenfield expansion in 
Telangana, 100% acquisition of IDL Explosives, receipt of our first export order, a tripartite 
alliance with Indian Navy, IIT Chennai, and AMS, an MoU with GRSE. We also received an 
industrial license for TNT and RDX through our subsidiary company IDL Explosives. 
We have received a DPIIT license covering UAVs, INS systems, radars, torpedoes, underwater 
mines, ATGM, decoys, chaffs and flares, aerial bombs, rockets, missiles, and loitering munition. 
This is a remarkable achievement, which are a lifetime license for the company, and which paves 
a way and a road for penetrating into a full-fledged platforms for the company, for the Indian 
markets as well as for the global markets. 
And also we have received transfer of technology for directed energy weapons, including laser-
based DEW and electro-optical tracking systems. I would like to now touch upon a quarterly 
performance. On a consolidated basis, Q4 FY26 marked our highest ever quarterly revenue, 
EBITDA and PAT performance. 
Revenue surged by 81% year-on-year basis to INR293 crores, compared to INR162 crores in 
Q4 FY25, driven by robust execution of our order book and the successful transition of multiple 
products in production phase. 
EBITDA also witnessed strong growth increasing by 88% to INR68 crores in FY26 Q4 and the 
PAT recorded an exceptional growth of 164% year-on-year, rising to INR37 crores as against 
INR14 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Our order book as of 31st March 
stood at INR1,432 crores on a consolidated basis providing strong visibility for future growth. 
Our strength, Apollo heritage strength has been in the air and underwater domains including 
missiles, electronic warfare, avionics, torpedoes, sonars, and underwater mines. Our presence in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
land systems has historically been limited, however, this is now changing in a deliberate and 
well-resourced manner. 
FY26-'27 will mark our serious entry into key defense domains including armament electronics, 
fire control systems, and battle tanks, infantry combat vehicles, and artillery platforms, vehicle-
mounted counter-drone systems with trials scheduled in the upcoming quarters. 
We have done remarkable progress in development of our futuristic rocket programs, like, the 
BM-21 Grad rocket. As you all are aware that we have been a trusted partner and supplier for 
various programs in guidance and navigation systems, one such program is the Pinaka program 
and for many other programs. 
We will also continue our role as the approved production partner for DRDO and you all are 
aware that we are already approved production partner for multi-influence ground mine and we 
are expecting to become a DCPP partner for other variants of mine of DRDO. India's MIGM, 
which is India's first indigenous naval mine of its class designated as Vighna developed under 
the DcPP with DRDO. 
Each of these initiatives represents a strategic foothold together forming the foundation for long-
term compounding growth over the coming decade. In the Air domain, our focus areas include 
unmanned systems, loitering munition, rail platforms, and counter-drones. Our commitment to 
emerging technologies spans three core areas; RF systems, artificial intelligence, and inertial 
navigation systems. 
In RF, we are developing various RF sensors, like, RF tracking and direction-finding system, 
and various other electronic warfare sensors, advanced communication suits, the neutral 
backbone of modern combat platforms. 
In Artificial Intelligence, we are building embedded AI for sensor fusion for autonomous 
vehicles and underwater autonomous systems, and also for various battlefield applications and 
also for the various direction-finding applications. 
We have done a good progress in this concluded financial year in developing inertial navigation 
system based on fiber optic gyros, and we would be unveiling the products soon and we will 
update our investors from time to time. These commitments underscore our continued 
operational excellence and reaffirm the strength of our growth trajectory into FY36. 
We have evolved from being a subsystem and systems manufacturer to establishing ourselves 
as a full-fledged weapon system manufacturer, a significant milestone in our journey of growth 
and technological excellence. 
Building on 41 years of technological excellence, we are poised to evolve into a multi-
disciplinary defense system powerhouse to drive next-generation innovation. Our vision is bold, 
built on strong fundamentals and an unwavering commitment in creating value for our 
stakeholders. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. We now look forward to addressing your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes, hi, good morning, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations for a very 
good set of numbers and a very informative presentation uploaded on the exchanges. A couple 
of questions from my end. 
The first one is essentially, if I look at the revenue growth, very impressive. Order book is around 
INR1,430-odd crores. Now my question is more on near-term scenario. What, kind of, order 
inflows we expect in FY27 and '28 let us say, because if we don't get substantial order inflows 
then this superlative revenue growth might not be sustained. So, just want to get your thoughts 
on that, the order inflows that you expect for FY27-'28? That is the first question. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Can, you continue with all your questions? I will answer it at once. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. The second one is essentially on FY36 Vision. I mean, thanks for articulating it in the 
letter to shareholders. Just want to understand the key tenets of that FY36 Vision. I mean, while 
you have explained in terms of products where you want to be, the multi-disciplinary company, 
but if you have any financial parameters handy, if you can articulate them that would be 
wonderful? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes. So, I will go ahead with the first question. So primarily, we are expecting a large ticket 
projects, which we have been quite vocal about for last one year. And the time has come, and 
the clocking of these large ticket orders are due to come, and anytime in this financial year we 
would be getting and our order book size also will cumulatively increase both on standalone, as 
well as on a consolidated basis. So that is something that I would like to understand. 
We will continue to grow at a similar rate, in this particular financial year and the subsequent 
financial year backed by the size of the order book that we are going to have. The order book 
size will increase significantly as we have been telling, and that something, which is going to 
happen in this financial year. That's something, which I want to tell. 
Regarding the FY36, we just wanted to give a glimpse of what we are trying to do. The more 
nitty-gritties of that, we will come back to all our investors and we will be start being more vocal 
about it and how the numbers will culminate and all from time to time. But at this point of time 
where we are heading, we just want to give a course for you to understand, what's the vision that 
we have down the line. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay, sir, great. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Singh from Systematix Group. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Abhijeet Singh:  
Sir, thank you for the opportunity and good to see such great results. Sir, I want to understand 
what is our product and offering in the air defense systems that are going to come up, like, 
QRSAMs and Kusha. So, what is our capability and products and offerings going into these air 
defense systems? That is my first question. 
Second question sir, where are we on the development of the RF seeker in the BrahMos, and do 
we also supply some other subsystems, modules for BrahMos other than our development 
initiative on seekers? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Okay. So, if you remember, in the previous con-call our Managing Director, he has already 
informed to investors that we have started the RF seeker development for a couple of programs. 
And the programs are -- these are our internal R&D programs and we are investing heavily on 
that, and we are setting up a specialized RF seeker testing facility in our upcoming unit in 
Hardware Park. So, this is about the RF seeker. 
And regarding our presence in QRSAMs, Kusha, and other things, these are too nitty-gritty 
questions, and I would not like to take on a con-call, but I would like to tell that we have a good 
and decent presence in both Kusha program as well as in the QRSAM program. Various systems 
like the SAMs, the actuations and other systems are part of these programs actually. So, as of 
now I just would like to make it up to this. 
Abhijeet Singh:  
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Shah from Nitya Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Shah: 
Good morning, sir. Congratulations for a very good set of numbers. I have two set of questions. 
One, is wanted to check on what is status of the Unit 3, which was under construction? 
Second one is on, wanted to know your thoughts on the large inventory and trade receivables 
that we have on our books, and how do we see it coming down vis-à-vis the total revenue going 
forward? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
So, Unit 3 civil work is already complete for phase one. So, phase two civil work is still taking 
place. Some of the machinery, which we have ordered, we have already received those 
machinery and installation process going on. MEP, electrical and other facade works are going 
on in phase one. So we will be taking the position of the premises phase-wise, and subsequently 
we will be shifting the machinery, which is presently in the Unit 1 to Unit 3 on stage-by-stage 
basis, okay. 
And regarding the inventory holding days, there is an improvement in this financial year and 
this is something, which is going to be in the subsequent financial years as well. As you all know 
that the predominant business that gets recorded are development orders actually, and we are 
expecting the decently good production orders on in this financial year, as well as in the 
subsequent financial year. 
Most of the programs have got matured, and lot of other larger players have already started 
receiving orders. As we have been predominantly a subsystem and a supplier to various platform 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
integrators, we are likely to get a large production orders. As and when these production orders 
keep hitting, and then the revenue starts recognizing, I think the inventory levels will slowly 
come down. 
But vis-à-vis the revenue size will also parallelly grow as the number of programs are increasing, 
obviously, the inventory will also keep growing, because in the gestation cycles of this raw 
material and the production and testing cycles of these defense systems are very highly elongated 
actually, which is common amongst this industry. So, there's nothing, I mean, to say, a factor 
that has to be looked down about the inventory and the sizes of it. 
As the business keeps growing, the levels will also keep growing, but as the scale of operations 
will increase, you will definitely see a decent improvement in the holding periods, because all 
the test facilities, which we have been outsourcing for last several years, we are setting up all 
the test facilities, so that is something that will contribute to the overall holding periods. That's 
what you will see a visibility in few quarters down the line. 
Gaurav Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. Darshil Jhaveri? 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Hello? Hello? 
Moderator:  
Yes, go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Hello? Can you hear me? 
Moderator:  
Yes, go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, hi sir, hi sir. Firstly sir, congratulations on a great performance, and a great presentation sir. 
Sir, just wanted to understand, sorry, there was a network issue for me, so I couldn't hear the 
previous comments. So, in terms of IDL, what is the revenue expectations that we have in this 
year and going forward, and what utilization and margins is it operating on currently sir? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
IDL last year performance stood at around INR380 crores, little less than INR380 crores. So, it 
will continue to maintain a similar level of performance. So, this is primarily a huge shift of 
management, which have been there for decades. Now, our outlook towards IDL is totally 
different. 
As of now I'm not able to give any guidance on IDL. It's presently undergoing a transformation 
phase. In next couple of quarters, we are taking a lot of initiatives in last one, one and a half 
quarter, and in next couple of quarters more initiatives will be taken. I think we will be quite 
vocal about IDL’s revenue guidance and other things from Q3 onwards. 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Okay, okay. Fair enough sir. So, but currently at INR380 crores, is it profitable or how do you 
feel sir right now? If you could just give a broad range in terms of the potential margins that can 
it come to the consolidated margins that we're doing right now, or is it nearby? How are we 
planning to make it EPS accretive? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
For last few years, IDL was loss making, but there's the huge transformation as I already told 
you that we have started by taking up the initiatives, and the operational loss, we have reduced 
significantly at both EBITDA levels and at different levels of the balance sheet. Going forward, 
you will see a huge improvement in that. But as of now, it's undergoing transformation, and one 
after the other we are able to do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Darshil, I'll request to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is from the 
line of Ronak Singhvi from NAFA Asset Managers. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Singhvi:  
Hello? 
Moderator: 
Go ahead sir. 
Ronak Singhvi:  
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I would want to know specific things about in the slide 
number 101, you have mentioned state-owned defense public sector units have recorded 42% 
surge in exports, reaching out INR8,389 crore. A large part of these two are from explosives as 
part of ammunition, particularly for artillery. So, which is big demand in Europe. So, are you 
looking into that venture as well? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Yes, yes. We will be going heavily on ammo’s and artillery side. We have already started getting 
orders to that extent. Very shortly we are going to get a [inaudible 0:27:25] ammunition order 
as well. So, as and when we keep getting, we'll definitely announce you. But this is the one area, 
which we would expand in continuously. 
Explosive portion will be supported by our explosive subsidiary IDL Explosives, and the rest of 
the hardware, and wherever the intelligence is required, this is all done by the parent company, 
Apollo. 
Ronak Singhvi:  
So, this will be filled artillery shells, not only the empty shells. Am I right? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Yes, yes. 
Ronak Singhvi:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Bagadia, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Yes hi sir. First of all, thanks for giving me this opportunity and congrats for a great set of 
numbers. So, I have two specific questions. First, I wanted to understand that you have 
mentioned that around management has participated in around 150 plus indigenous programs 
and around 700 plus onboarded technologies. So, can you throw some light as to currently at 
what stage are they? Are they in the serial production stage or still in the development or 
prototype stage? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
No, that will be a very exhaustive question Bagadia ji. So, -- but I will just give a touch base on 
it that, you know, some of the programs are in development phase, some of them are in serial 
production phase, some of them are in, you know, trials phase like that actually, okay. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
So but you know, detailing of each program and all over the call, you know, it's very sensitive 
also to, you know, discuss, but you know, these are at a various phase levels which are spanning 
around the missile programs, the naval programs, the air defense programs, the land systems 
programs and all, all put together. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
So, are we expecting any revenue contribution from them in the coming few quarters? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Yes, yes, obviously. Any indigenous missile program which is going for production which you 
hearsay, you know, through the news, social media or, you know, the defense news or any other, 
you know, media, you know, all those programs we will be having our, you know, equipment 
going in it actually. That's a uniqueness of Apollo that, you know, we have a presence across 
every indigenous missile program of the country. So that's how I can term ourselves as. 
Prateek Bagadia: 
Okay, thank you. And my second question is with respect to the promoter pledge part, I 
remember last year when we discussed the idea was to bring it down completely to zero in 
FY2026, but as I can check it is still around 39%. So, can you give us a roadmap as to what does 
the management see? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Immediately roadmap I cannot tell but in the last, you know, call, you know, we said that, you 
know, in the upcoming financial year, we are going to come out of this and we stand by that 
actually, which is this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Prateek, I'll request to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is from 
the line of Ayush Agarwal from MAPL Value Investing Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Yes, hi sir. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. My questions are pertaining to the 
subsidiary IDL Explosives. I want to understand more on the TNT and HMX side. First question 
is, you know, if you can tell us why are we going with a smaller expansion not a larger one? 
What is the particular expansion like capex size we are doing in TNT and HMX? I understand 
it's 500 tons for TNT and 50 tons for HMX, but like, you know, what capital will be used for 
that and why not a larger capex for these two products? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
So Ayush, primarily the TNT and HMX licenses which we have obtained are the -- our industrial 
explosive requirements actually, okay. The capacities are not limited to that. For higher 
capacities for the defense explosive requirements, you know -- and you know, we would be 
doing a very large expansion. 
 
So, the DPRs are have -- are getting ready and as and when, you know, we feel it to be, you 
know, necessary that, you know, it has to be opened in the market, you know, we will keep, you 
know, disclosing, keeping in view of the sensitivity of the area that we are working to the 
investors from time-to-time. 
Ayush Agarwal: 
Understand. One more question on these products is, you know, what would be the global 
demand in your opinion for TNT and what is the supply situation against it? Are there a lot of, 
you know, plants coming up outside of India to cater to this global demand and can we see prices 
coming down that have gone up in the last two, three years? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Globally, the conflicts have been boiling at a highest peak level in last six years. You know, 
there's a huge depletion of stocks across the world in different various countries. And keeping 
in view of the ESG and other, you know, issues, you know, the lot of plants which are 
unoperational for several decades in many countries. So this brings a lot of opportunity for the 
explosive companies both in India as well as across the world actually. 
So, the idea behind we, you know, getting into explosive was one that, you know, we wanted to 
get into full-fledged platforms now that we have a lot of experience that we have put up and 
some of which we have already demonstrated and we have been qualified in some of the cases, 
you know, we have been qualified as a production partner as part of the DRDO program. 
Some of the programs we are directly developing ourselves with the indigenous, you know, 
R&D and captive internal, you know, R&D investments and some of the areas, we have directly 
taken orders from Army and Navy based on some something which we are developing. So, both 
as a captive requirement is one such thing we are going to do. Now that, you know, we're going 
to, you know, build up the facilities for our captive requirement, we'll also be serving for the 
other markets as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ayush, I'll request to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is from the 
line of Amit Kumar from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Hello. Good afternoon sir. Congratulations for a great set of numbers. I hope I'm audible. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Yes, very much. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes. So, congrats sir for great set of numbers and lot of licenses from Government of India. So, 
my only question is we can see lot of potential from these new licenses, missiles, ATGMs, 
torpedoes, mines, aerial bombs, etc. So can you please take two minutes to explain that how 
much is the revenue potential from each of these? I mean, I'm not, I mean, holding off for a 
specific number, but at least the guidelines and what could be the timelines for these 
materializing would be of great help? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
All variants of mine we have -- you know, two variants of mine, one shallow, one deep water. 
And, you know, we have two variants of mine which are limpet mines and diver carried mines. 
All these -- only these variants of mine alone would be a cumulative, you know, a market, you 
know, in very immediate market size of something like INR4,000 crores to INR4,500 odd crores, 
you know, that that we are expecting, which -- out of which some of the, you know, orders, you 
know, which we will be getting in this financial year, some maybe next-next after financial year 
on a continual basis. 
We also have some opportunities, you know, overseas, you know, we have started submitting 
our offers. So just to give a glimpse of one area. So aerial bombs or dumb bombs primarily, this 
also very sizable market. We are trying to, you know, reduce the cost of, you know, the 
production of it and something the trials have already been successful -- successfully. This is 
some -- this is something which we are working with DRDO. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Like that there are many other opportunities, you know, it will be too exhaustive, you know, to 
take up in this call, but you know, the addressable market opportunity for the licenses that we 
have got is pretty large as a TAM. Out of which where we are qualified, that itself runs into a, 
you know, decently very large numbers. 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay. So, I mean, if you can squeeze in. So, I mean, considering all of these products, can we 
see a visibility for at least next five years at the current pace of growth? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
That's something which I have already told in my speech itself that, you know, we will continue 
to grow at the same pace or an accelerated pace in the years coming ahead and including this 
financial year. 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aryan Singh from Hem Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aryan Singh: 
Congratulations sir on great set of numbers. My first question is regarding composition of the 
order book. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Composition of order book we have never given, you know, I would like to refrain from the 
questions and I want to take it offline. 
Aryan Singh: 
Okay sir. My second question is like what are going to be the best products which are going to 
contribute most of our revenue in the coming years? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
No, it's not like that, you know, what products are going to contribute to revenue. You know, 
this is -- primarily there are two aspects of it. One, you know, predominantly our business has 
been coming through the DRDO which are development programs and through the system 
integrators, you know, where whoever has been, you know, awarded the, you know, integration 
of a larger platform, okay. 
So, you know, it all depends on, you know, which systems or which platforms are getting into 
production phase in various years. So, it could be a very tricky question to answer, you know, 
as and when there is an order book, then I will be able to tell that this is happening. 
But over next period of, you know, few years, you know, how that will culminate is something 
-- but please keep a watch on various weapon programs that are getting into production and the 
announcements that are given by the government or various system integrators including the 
defense PSUs and the private system integrators who have got orders and, you know, which are 
getting into production, in all of those programs we will be, you know, having our, you know, 
presence. 
Aryan Singh: 
Okay. Thank you sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kavish Parekh from 360 ONE Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Kavish Parekh: 
Hi team, thanks for the opportunity. My question pertains to the current global supply chain 
environment. Are you witnessing any disruption in the availability of key supplies of critical 
components at this point? And could you also highlight the countries or regions from which you 
source these critical inputs? And if there is any potential impact that you see on your production 
timelines or costs or overall operations if these situations persist? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Nothing -- see, see, this geopolitical issues and -- are something, you know, which are not new 
or something which are based on the current conflict or something, this has been there since time 
immemorial, okay. 
So, but, you know, as far as the, you know, performance point of view is concerned, you know, 
whether there will be a significant dent or not, you know, in the years to come, that's something 
that, you know, is very tough to answer actually. 
But there could be always a timing issue because of the various, you know, operational 
conditions which are running across the globe. As the day stands, you know, the very immediate, 
what you call, global issue which we have faced with Corona and at that time there was a supply 
chain disruption. 
Then there was a reset of, you know, how to work in this particular type of environment of giving 
a guidance of, you know, what material at what point of time, you know, has to be, you know, 
procured. So, that's how we used to give our, you know, guidance to our, you know, OEMs and 
suppliers of the various semiconductors which are our primary raw material. Accordingly, you 
know, we were procuring, okay. 
The similar reset will keep happening as, you know, as and when any such, you know, global 
events happen. But I think very immediate effect of, you know, and denting of the, you know, 
overall performance, you know, is something, you know, I don't contemplate. But the timing of 
the, you know, revenue recognitions may shift by a quarter or so in -- I mean to say I'm not 
specifically talking about me as such, you know, as an industry also actually. 
But broadly per se if you have to ask me is as of now there's nothing very significant, you know, 
that I could see. Everything is normal. As I'm speaking to you, now I'm in Middle East, you 
know, everything is good to go here, you know, everything is normal. So I don't think any issue 
should be there. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Great sir, great. Good to know that. Thank you so much. That was my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yes. Sir, congratulations on good set of number and what I especially liked was the letter written 
by you, it was a very heartfelt letter and very sincere. And actually we have just started tracking 
the company, so basically if you would don't mind if you can repeat the -- basically the expected 
growth rate for our company, opportunity size for us in India under Atmanirbhar as an export? 
And the differentiator for our company -- and are there any products where we are making sort 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
of a monopoly sort of competition intensity is quite less sir? So that is -- these are my question 
sir? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Sir, if I say that, you know, I am doing and having a monopoly over certain things, you know, 
then it becomes quite controversial. So, I would not like to, you know, term anything like that. 
But definitely we have a uniqueness, you know, in terms of certain products where we are the 
only company who got qualified in certain areas. And in certain areas where, you know, we are 
the only, you know, qualified, you know, company who is a full-fledged developer with all-
round, you know, IP available with us including the explosive portion of it. 
Although there are, you know, competition, you know, in fray in certain areas where they end 
up to be only a system integrators or a production partners actually. So, it's a variable listing. 
But there's nothing like a monopolization may not be the right word, but we have a unique 
standing point where we have the ability to re-engineer and develop and advanced systems and 
technologies by virtue of holding the IP with us, which is a key differentiator compared to many 
other peer players of that specific technology or of that particular area of where we are working. 
That's how, you know, I would like to, you know, professionally term it as. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yes. And coming to the opportunity size in exports also and also the fact that the last budget -- 
if I'm not wrong, last financial year was the first year by Government of India where the 100% 
defense -- allocated defense budget was used. And I believe the dynamic Defence Secretary Mr. 
Singh is doing a great work over there. So, what is the expected growth rate for us in the company 
and the sector in India as well as in the export? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Definitely a dream come true and definitely a beautiful achievement by, you know, Ministry of 
Defence, Government of India. I personally congratulate, you know, for all the stakeholders who 
have contributed in achieving that and unfortunately I could not be a part of, you know, that 
achievement which I definitely regret on my part. 
But we are very strong in our conviction that, you know, our exports in going forward will start 
inching to grow and subsequently will start escalating on a, you know, higher scales for which, 
you know, all the requisite initiatives we have started taking up. The audits by some of our -- 
the customers of interest, you know, who are interested to work with us and place orders which 
are export opportunities, you know, the audits have already started actually. 
And we are just, you know, expecting our new facility to get ready so that, you know, we can 
firmly and strongly take up the opportunities because once we commit, you know, we have to 
deliver them on time, that's something which will be very important. 
And now that the portfolio of the, you know, explosives also will be growing in the next few 
quarters for us, this is something a larger opportunity we would be eyeing. We already -- as I 
already told to other, you know, investor in the con call, we already started, you know, 
submitting our offers for various export opportunities and in the years ahead, we will be having 
some meaningfully good decent amount of share in the export, you know, size which the, you 
know, which is being -- I mean to say -- I mean to say recorded as an export from the country. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Vivek Gautam: 
And there was one large order from Navy for I believe mines or something, torpedo something, 
they… 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Yes, yes. We are expecting any moment -- we are expecting it any moment, any moment we 
should be getting this approval from the Ministry of Defence… 
Moderator: 
Sir, sorry to interrupt you. Your audio is not clear. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar: 
So, we are expecting the DAC approval any moment. As and when we receive, we'll definitely 
keep you posted, but this is something which is going to happen very shortly. 
Vivek Gautam:  
Yes, wonderful to hear sir and with government also intent on spending the full defence budget 
allocated, good times are there for us sir. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raj Rishi from DCPL. Please go ahead. 
Raj Rishi: 
Yes hi sir. Mr. R.K. Singh, the Defence Secretary recently said in the CII summit that the private 
sector might be involved in this ballistic missile production. So, how do you see yourself if this 
happens? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
It’s fantastic if someone is taking the opportunity then, you know, I should be a key contributor 
because I have a lot of build blocks already available with me. But presently that's not something 
that we are eyeing by ourselves. 
Raj Rishi: 
Okay. But it will expand the opportunity size for you, right? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
It will definitely expand the opportunity size. You know, we have some interest coming from 
few players, you know, who are eyeing as a very large programs. We would be, you know, more 
than happy to work in a collaborative mode. This is definitely an era of collaboration. You know, 
we are open for opportunities wherever and whoever company would like to collaborate along 
with us and utilize the length and breadth of the experience and the IP build blocks that we have 
built over a past last 40 years and it would be lovely working, you know, together on a 
consortium basis. That's how I would comment as of now. 
Raj Rishi: 
And sir this government proposed R&D fund of INR1 lakh crores, how do you see yourself 
being affected by that positively or otherwise? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
I'm not seriously put any thought on that, you know, as of now. I have no comments on it. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Raj, I'll request to come back for a follow-up question. Participants, I'll request you 
to limit yourself to one question per participant. Next question is from the line of Shreyansh 
from SJ Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreyansh: 
Hi, good morning sir. I had a couple of questions. So, first one was on the acquisition that we 
have, you know, I think we've been talking of that RF acquisition. So if you could give some 
more details on where, you know, which line of -- which area we have that acquisition and like 
quantum and what kind -- like how do we intend to fund that, some more details around that. I 
know you said it's going to close this year but where are we with that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
As of now I'm bound by NDA, I'll not be able to divulge any much detail. In next few I mean to 
say, you know, before end of this quarter, you'll start getting to hear, you know, more significant 
news which we have been vocal during the last quarter con call as well. So that had got little 
delayed, you know, owing to the global conflicts and, you know, the various processes internally 
that, you know, we were contemplating couldn't happen. But as things get, you know -- progress 
little more, you know, we will be more vocal and I will keep you posted. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Hello sir, thank you for taking my question. Sir, I wanted to understand on this order book of 
INR1,430-odd crores, how much of this we expect to execute in this year? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
It's a tricky question, you know, we have, you know, few upcoming orders as well, you know, 
some of the orders, you know, will be executed in this financial year, some will spill over to the 
next financial year. But we have some more few orders expected in this financial year, you know, 
which will up to the momentum growth that we have been demonstrating. That's how I can say. 
Ankur Kumar: 
For this year what is -- what should be our estimate on revenue and margin sir? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
We'll continue to grow at similar pace. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ankur, I'll request to come back. Next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal 
from Surge Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So, firstly, if I look at our standalone which is the organic 
growth for the year has been around 36% in terms of revenues versus I think the earlier guidance 
sort of was 45% to 50% sort of CAGR. So, just wanted your 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Ankur, getting disturbed, can you be a little slower? 
Ankush Agarwal: 
Yes. So, the question is that our guidance for the organic growth was about 45% to 50% in terms 
of revenues. The standalone revenue growth for this year has been around 36%, so slightly lower 
than that. So just wanted your thoughts on that and like going ahead, do we continue to maintain 
that 45% to 50% CAGR organic growth guidance or are we sort of changing it given that say 
some of the bigger orders that we were expecting last year didn't materialize? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar: 
Certain projects which we expected to be, you know, executed in the last quarter of, you know, 
previous financial year, that couldn't happen because of the certain approvals, you know, which 
got pending actually from our customer, okay, which was still lying. That's how the holding, 
you know, inventory is all about actually. That's something that we would be getting eventually, 
you know, the generally these are all timing based on the various approvals that we get from 
time to time. 
It's fully restricted actually. So, that's how, you know, we couldn't meet that, you know, 8%, 9% 
of guidance, you know, we have just got missed. But we will bounce back and, you know, we 
will continue to maintain similar momentum. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahil Dasani from Mittal Analytics. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Yes, hi, I'm audible? 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Yes sir. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Yes, I have two quick questions regarding IDL Explosives. First of all, how easy is it to get into 
this into the defense explosive customers and utilize the new capacity, especially IDL having an 
industrial explosive supplier tag? 
And secondly, what margins are possible in TNT and HMX? Because as we know Ideal is 
currently loss making and maybe this expansion and new products change that, otherwise 
Apollo's standalone numbers will dilute. These two questions, yes. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Good question, you know, the second part of it. I will tell you see the on an averaging when it 
goes for a console then definitely there will be a dent owing to the, you know, presently negative 
EBITDA of IDL. But the as I already told that, you know, it's undergoing a transformation phase 
which is purely temporary and, you know, this is something which will start getting bounce back 
in next few quarters down the line. Regarding the, you know, exact margins, you know, kind of 
a guidance that I will start doing from Q3 onwards which I have already told actually. 
Regarding your first question, you know, whether this, you know, the new market, you know, 
which is, you know, the defense explosive thing, we are already part of a defense explosive 
market. The various systems that we are supplying already, you know, are filled with it and 
where we are actually outsourcing it. This is something that we would continue to do with our 
captive systems actually. 
So, we have been part of the defense ecosystem, we have been part of the defense technology 
ecosystem which is DRDO. So, I don't think there is any challenge with us, you know, for us 
rather, you know, to penetrate much deeper into the market. The size of the market is pretty large 
and the size of the industry players, you know, which is presently supplying for it is pretty small. 
So I think, you know, we definitely have a very large opportunity owing to both captive 
requirement and also for the requirements of the country. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question. I'll now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
A. Krishna Sai Kumar:  
Yes, thanks. So we extend our sincere gratitude to the Ministry of Defence and Government of 
India for their continued trust in the Indian defense manufacturing ecosystem. Their confidence 
reflected through substantial investments is a strong endorsement of our nation's industrial 
capabilities and innovation potential. 
We remain steadfast in our commitment to delivering advanced solutions that bolster operational 
readiness and strengthen national security. It is an honor to serve the nation and we stand fully 
prepared to support our armed forces under all circumstances. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Apollo Micro Systems Limited 
 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
I, joined by our MD and CFO, extend our heartfelt thanks to all our esteemed investors and 
analysts for being with us today. Your continued trust and partnership mean the world to us. 
Your participation and feedback are invaluable to us. We remain committed to enhancing our 
performance and driving sustained growth. We look forward to welcoming you to our facilities 
where you will have the opportunity to observe our operations and initiatives at the ground level. 
Should you have any further questions or wish to share your thoughts, please reach out to 
Investor Relations or write to us at investor.relations@apollo-micro.com. Thank you once again 
for your time and trust. We look forward to reconnecting with you during our Q1 update. 
Wishing you all a great day ahead. Jai Hind. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
