 
Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
Tel +91 79 2555 5555 
Adani Corporate House, Shantigram,  
Fax +91 79 2555 5500 
Nr Vaishno Devi Circle, S G Highway  
investor.agel@adani.com 
Khodiyar, Ahmedabad 382 421 
 
www.adanigreenenergy.com 
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L40106GJ2015PLC082007 
 
Registered Office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Nr. Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S G Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421, Gujarat, India 
Date: April 28, 2026 
 
To 
BSE Limited  
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P J Towers,  
 
 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 541450 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIGREEN 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call pertaining to the Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 
 
With reference to above, we hereby inform below link of transcript of the 
Earnings Call with Fixed Income Investors on Audited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026 held on April 24, 2026. 
 
Web link to access above transcript is: https://www.adanigreenenergy.com/-
/media/project/greenenergy/investor-downloads/results-conference-call-
transcript/adani-green_q4fy26_debt-call_transcript_apr-24-2026_vf.pdf       
 
Kindly take the above on your records. 
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For, Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
Pragnesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
DARJI 
PRAGNESH 
SHASHIKANT
Digitally signed by 
DARJI PRAGNESH 
SHASHIKANT 
Date: 2026.04.28 
12:51:11 +05'30'

Page 1 of 5 
 
 
 
 
 
“Adani Green Energy Limited 
FY26 Earnings – Debt Conference Call” 
April 24, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Sagar Adani – Executive Director – Adani Green Energy Limited 
Mr. Ashish Khanna – Chief Executive Officer – Adani Green Energy Limited 
Mr. Saurabh Shah – Chief Financial Officer – Adani Green Energy Limited 
Mr. Vijil Jain – Head of Investor Relations – Adani Green Energy Limited 
 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Aayush Gulati – Standard Chartered Bank 
 
 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited
 
 
April 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 5 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by 
the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide accurate transcription, 
there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, 
correctness of data or transcription error. This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this context, 
forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” 
“plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may 
cause our actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking 
statements. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Adani Green Energy 
Limited FY26 Fixed Income Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aayush Gulati from Standard Chartered 
Bank. Thank you and over to you. 
Aayush Gulati: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning and good evening, everyone, depending on 
which part of the world you are in today. I am Aayush Gulati on behalf of 
Standard Chartered Bank. I welcome you all to this FY26 earnings call. The 
management will initially share their remarks followed by a Q&A session. 
With us today we have Mr. Sagar Adani, Executive Director; Mr. Ashish 
Khanna, CEO; Mr. Saurabh Shah, CFO; and Mr. Vijil Jain, Head of Investor 
Relations. With this, I would like to hand over to Mr. Sagar Adani for his 
introductory remarks. Mr. Sagar, over to you. 
Ashish Khanna:  
Hi, this is Ashish. So, Ayush, thanks for that. Good afternoon and good evening 
to everyone. Globally, energy security is the defining priority for most 
economics. India has made a strategic pivot in this direction, which is 
evidenced in the scale and speed of the green electrons production in the 
country. 
In the fiscal year '26, the country witnessed highest ever renewable energy 
share in electricity generation and also achieved a record non-fossil capacity 
addition of over 55 gigawatt. With this, India has achieved around 283 gigawatt 
of non-fossil capacity which is installed, and the country is well poised to 
achieve 500 gigawatt goal by 2030.  
 
At Adani Green Energy, we are proud to be leading the country's energy 
transition. Our robust operational and financial performance for the fiscal year 
2026 demonstrates our unparalleled execution capability and sector 
leadership. Our energy sales surged by an impressive 34% on a Y-o-Year 
basis, reaching 37.6 billion units. 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited
 
 
April 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 5 
 
To put this into the right context, this is nearly the annual energy consumption 
of some of the European countries as a whole. This particular growth was 
driven by significant greenfield capacity additions and strong operating 
performance at each and every plant of Adani Green. 
 
During this year, we added 5.1 gigawatt, which is 35% on a Y-o-Y growth, and 
the cumulative capacity now stood at 19.3 gigawatt, which is our operating 
portfolio. This is the highest greenfield annual capacity extension globally by 
any company outside China. This further consolidates our leadership position 
in India's renewable energy sector, putting us firmly on course to achieve 50 
gigawatt by 2030.  
 
Notably, our landmark Khavda project, the world's largest renewable energy 
installation, continues to make a considerable progress with around 9.4 
gigawatt of solar, wind, and hybrid assets already in operations, including our 
group capacities. 
Within Khavda, we also added 1.4 gigawatt hour of battery capacity. This is 
one of the world's largest single-location battery energy storage project. With 
pump hydro storage projects, we are also making noteworthy progress and are 
slated to complete our maiden 500 megawatt project at Chitravathi in Andhra 
Pradesh in this fiscal year.  
 
Our consistent effort towards adoption of advanced technologies, digitization, 
and leveraging sophisticated data analytics for predictive maintenance has 
enabled us to deliver exceptional operational performance. 
Our industry-leading financial results further reflect our operational excellence 
and scale advantage. Our revenue from power supply increased by 22% year-
on-year basis to INR11,602 crores and EBITDA grew by 23% to INR10,865 
crores. This EBITDA margin amounts to 91.2%.  
 
One of the highlights on the capital management side was Japan Credit 
Agency rating assigned Adani Green an inaugural rating of JCR BBB+ with 
stable outlook, which is equivalent to India's sovereign credit rating. This 
clearly demonstrates Adani Green Energy's ability to sustain its growth while 
maintaining financial discipline.  
 
Adani Green Energy's commitment to sustainability and being a responsible 
business practice partner and following the practices continues to be 
recognized globally as well as in India. We received many awards which were 
bestowed on us, including Energy Intelligence Group Top 100 Green Utilities, 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited
 
 
April 24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 5 
 
and we secured ESG 1+ rating from CareEdge with the highest score of 87.3 
by any company in the country.  
 
Further, I take pride in sharing that Adani Green's 19.3 gigawatt operational 
portfolio will power more than 8.7 million homes and avoid approximately 36 
million tons of CO2 emission annually. The continued recognition of our ESG 
efforts reaffirms our commitment to sustainable growth and accelerating India's 
energy transition. 
We at Adani Green Energy are committed to continue with our similar level of 
greenfield capacity additions going forward and are constantly strengthening 
our organizational and partnership ecosystem to achieve the goal of 50 
gigawatt by 2030. Thanks once again for participating in this call and we look 
forward for your queries. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Aayush Gulati. Please go ahead. 
Aayush Gulati: 
Hi, thank you management team. Just wanted to check on the capex targets 
for FY27, specifically regarding the greenfield capacity plans of AGEL and also 
around the plans around the battery capacity in Khavda. Along with that, I 
would just like to understand a bit more on the funding plans for the capex and 
especially regarding the average cost of debt and the maturity? So just wanted 
you to highlight more on those. 
Ashish Khanna: 
I think it’s a great question in this context. We are already very close to a 3 
gigawatt hour of a capacity as far as the battery storage is concerned, which 
is virtually equal to all the battery storage capacities in this country as we stand. 
Our plan is to add in the same rate and by the end of this year to add 10 
gigawatt hour of storage capacities in Khavda.  
With respect to overall capacity addition, we have already demonstrated that 
we are in a position to add anywhere close to 5 GW plus capacities. However, 
in view of the evacuation constraints and how the market pans out with respect 
to transmission lines and further consumption at their end, we are currently 
planning to add 4.5 to 5.0 gigawatt of our solar and wind capacity. However, it 
all matches out with the evacuation capacities which come up. 
And like I already said, we have demonstrated our capabilities to install 
capacities and if there are opportunities, we will go further in the coming years. 
But as we see the current evacuations which are slated to come in this fiscal 
year, we feel this will be optimum to be aligned with the evacuation which is 

 
 
Adani Green Energy Limited
 
 
April 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 5 
 
available from a solar, wind, and hybrid perspective. From a battery storage, 
we are likely -- we are planning to end 10 gigawatt hour capacity and like I 
already mentioned, the pump storage of 500 megawatt will also be coming in 
this fiscal year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish for closing comments. 
Ashish Khanna: 
We once again thank you for participating in this call and looking forward for 
your continual support in our growth. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Adani Green Energy Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
