          CIN NO: L63040DL2005PLC463461 
 
 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Listing Manager,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051, India  
Symbol: YATRA  
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
Manager - CRD 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001, India  
Scrip Code: 543992 
ISIN No.: INE0JR601024 
 
Sub: Intimation – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended March 31, 2026.  
 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company at www.yatra.com.  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You,  
Yours sincerely,  
 
For Yatra Online Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A20392 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Digitally signed by JYOTI CHAWLA
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=6123, 
OID.2.5.4.65=1w8or2t9avyph67xq5sgzl04imfc3ebd, 
Phone=443013635751630f7ff526bec7d859e230d5eb
e51dd54bd3a8908120634feb00, 
PostalCode=122101, S=Haryana, 
SERIALNUMBER=a5bd3783836403062fbf96c3995c7
ee719161d698efddbe7d2efb862ed566718, 
CN=JYOTI CHAWLA
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: your signing location here
Date: 2026.06.01 15:27:49+05'30'
Foxit PDF Reader Version: 11.2.2
JYOTI 
CHAWLA

 
 
 
 
 
 
“Yatra Online Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DHRUV SHRINGI – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
MR. SIDDHARTHA GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
MR. ANUJ KUMAR SETHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
YATRA ONLINE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NITIN PADMANABHAN – INVESTEC CAPITAL 
SERVICES 
MRS. SWAPNA BHANDARKAR – INVESTEC CAPITAL 
SERVICES 
MRS. RAMYA DHARMARAJAN – INVESTEC CAPITAL 
SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Webinar - Yatra Online Limited   Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar 
    
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Yatra earnings call. Just a reminder, 
you all will all be   in mute through the conversation, and we'll give you all an opportunity to 
unmute 
yourself 
if 
you 
need 
a 
question 
to 
the 
management 
after. 
they have shared the earnings and the quarter details. Do raise your virtual hand and we will 
unmute you. To take us through and introduce the management, I have my colleague, Nitin 
Padmanabhan. I will hand it over to you, Nitin. Go ahead, please. Thank you. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan  
   
Yeah, hi. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 FY26 earnings call for Yatra Online 
Limited. Please note, certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking and are 
subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially. Today, we have with us 
the management of the company, represented by Mr. Dhruv Shringi, Executive Chairperson 
and Whole Time Director, and CEO Mr. Siddhartha Gupta, and Chief Financial Officer Anuj 
Kumar Sethi. Thank you all for joining. Over to you, Dhruv, Siddhartha, and Anuj. 
 
Dhruv Shringi 
    
Thank you, Nitin. And good morning, everyone, and welcome to Yatra's full year 2026 and Q4 
2026 earnings call. Fiscal year 2026 has been a landmark year for Yatra. Despite some very 
significant headwinds that impacted 3 out of the 12 months of the year, it's the most profitable 
year in the company's 20-year history. 
 
This strong performance is a testament to the resilience of our business model, our 
commitment to innovation, the balance in our revenue mix, the quality of our corporate 
franchise, and the dedication of our teams. I am very proud to announce our FY26 results. 
Our revenue from operations grew 27% year over yearto INR 10,065 million, while revenue 
less service cost, which is our gross margin, increased to INR 4,824 million, a growth of 24.5% 
year over year, ahead of the revised guidance that we issued in Q3 of 22%. 
Adjusted EBITDA grew to INR 917 million, in line with our revised guidance of 37.5%, reflecting 
strong operating leverage. During the year, cash flow from operations also increased almost 
tenfold year over year to INR 761 million for the year. 
 
On the corporate customer acquisition front as well, we added during FY26, 163 new corporate 
customers with annual billable value of approximately INR 9,568 million, up from 148 
customers and INR 7,475 million in FY25. 
 
As  Sid will delve further in his remarks, you will see that this number has been increasing on 

 
 
a quarterly basis, underscoring the continued traction in our enterprise travel business and the 
strength of our go-to-market execution. 
 
Online penetration of corporate travel is still less than 25% in the managed business travel 
segment. And as the market leader, we are well positioned to capitalise on this as the industry 
moves up the online penetration curve. We have demonstrated over the years that we not only 
have the ability to acquire customers, but with a retention rate of almost 97%, have the ability 
to retain them for a very long lifetime value. 
 
In our assessment, the current macro environment driven by a conflict which has impacted 
energy prices and disruptive travel in the Middle East, and more broadly, international travel, 
does not reflect a structural change in underlying travel demand trends. It is a short-term blip 
which the industry will tide over,as soon as normalcy returns. Corporate travel demand in India 
continues to remain resilient, and we expect recovery momentum to strengthen meaningfully. 
in the second-half of the year, driven by revenge travel, just like we witnessed in the years 
following COVID. 
 
That said, the escalating conflict significantly impacted our MICE and some parts of our 
international 
corporate 
travel 
business, 
weighing 
in 
on 
the 
Q4 
results. 
Several Q4 MICE and international travel group bookings were either cancelled or deferred 
into FY27. Barring the impact of this, it was quite likely that we would have reported stronger 
results ahead of last year's performance. 
 
The current conflict and the balance of payments challenge has also heightened the 
government's 
focus 
on 
domestic 
tourism 
as 
a 
strategic 
player. 
The infrastructure base build out in rail and aviation, and even the domestic highway network 
bodes well for domestic tourism. Yatra, given its market-leading domestic hotel supply, we 
believe is extremely well-positioned to capitalise on this trend. We have enhanced our API 
infrastructure framework and our migration to the Google Cloud platform has significantly 
improved our ability to distribute our hotel content to a large network of domestic and 
international partners. This is a highly margin accretive business for Yatra and one that we 
expect to scale up further in the coming year. 
 
From a quarters perspective, despite the headwinds, we reported resilient performance in Q4, 
especially in our core air and hotel segments. Gross bookings grew 8.3% year over year. Air 
passenger volumes grew 9.6% year over year, roughly 2x the industry growth rate, reflecting 
continued market share gains. 
 
Our hotels business continued its strong momentum with room nights growing 36% in the 
quarter and gross bookings growing 9% despite the significant disruption in MICE. 
Total transactions increased 16.6% year over year, a strong indicator of platform activity and 
engagement. 

 
 
 
Our corporate business added 55 new clients during the quarter with an annual billable 
potential of INR 2,709 million, which is higher than the 40 closures worth INR 2,234 million in 
Q3, demonstrating the strength of our sales engine even throughout a challenging 
environment. 
 
While there is a macro disruption outside our control, more importantly, the underlying demand 
from our corporate customers remains intact, and we expect a meaningful portion of deferred 
business to return as conditions normalize. Structurally, the outlook for India's travel and 
corporate mobility market remains compelling. India continues to be the fastest growing major 
economy with strong investment flows across manufacturing and GCCs driving business 
travel demand. Based on the strength of our corporate customer base, our industry-leading 
hotel supply, and our AI-enhanced corporate travel technology, we remain confident of our 
medium-term growth CAGR of revenue-less service cost of 20% and adjusted EBITDA of 
30%. With that overview, let me hand you over to Sid to walk you through the details of our 
performance. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta  (Sid)  
 
Thank you, Dhruv. Good morning, everyone. The larger headline, as Dhruv said, is that Yatra 
delivered its strongest performance in FY 26, despite a volatile macroeconomic and 
geopolitical backdrop, even as this year reflected only nine months of full operations. RLSC 
performance 
was 
ahead 
of 
our 
revised 
guidance 
of 
22% 
in 
FY26. 
We delivered RLSC growth of 24.5%, while adjusted EBITDA grew at 37.5% year on year, 
aligned with our guidance and reflecting strong operating leverage as well as disciplined cost 
control. This operational strength also translated in healthy cash generation, the free cash flow 
for the year, so that INR 761 million compared with cash generation of INR 73 million last year. 
This is particularly notable given FY26 reflected only nine months of full operations, 
underscoring both the strength of execution during the period and our ability to outperform 
guidance while maintaining financial discipline. 
 
Another achievement worth emphasising is the balanced nature of this growth across 
segments and lines of businesses. Let me start by taking you through the product lines. Across 
both air and hotel, Yatra strengthened its competitive position. The air segment delivered 
healthy TTV growth of 12% for the year to INR 61,874 million from 55,273 million INR last 
year, while maintaining margin discipline. With passenger growth outpacing industry level 
throughout the quarter and the full year, while maintaining margin discipline again.  
 
Our margins have steadily improved from approximately 2.7% in financial year 24 to nearly 
4% in financial year 26, reflecting a structural improvement in the quality of our business mix. 
We remain one of the very few players in this space to consistently expand air margins despite 
intense competitive pressures across the sector. 
 
The hotel and packages business also gained strong momentum, led by strong TTV growth 

 
 
of 25%, with standalone hotel margins also growing from 7.7% to nearly 9%, driven by a strong 
business mix and improved monetization. With the government's continued push towards 
domestic tourism, and infrastructure led travel growth, our extensive hotel supply footprint 
across India positions us well to capture demand across major metropolitan markets and 
emerging tier 2 and tier 3 cities.  
 
Moving now to across lines of businesses, during financial year 26, Yatra added 163 new 
corporate customers, with an annual billable value of approximately INR 9,568 million, up from 
148 customers and INR 7,475 million in financial year 25. This underscores the continued 
traction in our enterprise travel business and the strength of our go-to-market execution. 
It is important to note that corporate wins typically take three to six months to go live and ramp 
up to their full trading potential. This provides strong visibility into incremental revenue 
contribution over the coming year. Beyond our large enterprises win, we continue to see 
significant whitespace in India's mid-market corporate travel segment which remains 
substantially underpenetrated online. To capture this opportunity, we invested in building a 
dedicated mid-market sales team during Q3 of last year, with early contribution already visible 
in Q4. Given the scale of the untapped market, we believe this segment can become 
meaningful incremental growth driver for our corporate business over the medium term. 
Coupled with the fact that our corporate business continues to demonstrate exceptional 
stickiness with customer retention consistently above 97 percent, this positions us well for 
continued growth performance in our corporate segment.  
 
Our consumer business performed well through the year as well, demonstrating the inherent 
resilience of consumer domestic consumer spending. The diversified nature of our operations 
and multiple revenue levers enabled us to navigate periods of disruption while continuing to 
deliver resilient full year performance.  
 
During financial year 26, Yatra benefited from incremental demand from newly signed affiliates 
and partnerships helping us gain both air and hotel market share while further improving 
margins. This highlights the strong scalability of our API-led distribution model, which has 
emerged as an important growth driver. Combined with our extensive domestic hotel supply 
network, it positions us well to accelerate growth in the periods ahead. We are seeing strong 
traction in API-led distribution with travel agents, affiliates, and B2B partners increasingly 
sourcing hotel inventory through the Yatra platform. This allows us to scale transaction 
volumes efficiently while preserving margin discipline. We expect this trend to continue, and 
any near-term softness in consumer demand during the first half of the year should be 
mitigated as the year progresses. 
 
Yatra delivered a resilient performance in Q4. As Dhruv said, with gross bookings growing at 
8.3% year on year, air passenger volumes increased 9.6% year on year, approximately 2x of 
the industry growth rate, while total transactions rose 16.5% year on year. 
This quarter was impacted by conflict-related disruption, which slightly depressed air volumes 

 
 
and had a more pronounced impact on several MICE and international corporate group travel 
bookings, a number of which were either cancelled or deferred  into financial year 27.  
 
While the category experienced temporary disruption during the quarter, we are seeing 
instances where customer preference is shifting from international to domestic programs, 
partially offsetting the impact. Importantly, we are already seeing signs of recovery with Q1 
run rates currently trending approximately 20% above Q4 levels. We continue to view MICE 
as a structurally attractive category, given its close linkages to corporate rewards, engagement 
and incentive programs. Over the years, we have built strong execution capabilities and a 
broad partner network across domestic and international markets creating a meaningful 
competitive advantage.  
 
Our gross margin defined as revenue less service costs increased 4% year on year to INR 
1,133 million. Adjusted EBITDA declined 34% year on year to INR 166 million. However, we 
still delivered a healthy EBITDA to gross margin ratio of 11.15% reflecting the underlying 
resilience of the business despite near-term external headwinds. Our corporate business 
added 55 new clients during the quarter with annual billable potential of INR 2,709 million 
compared with 40 client wins worth INR 2,234 million in Q3. 
 
This demonstrates the continued strength of our sales engine, even in a challenging operating 
environment. Overall, while the quarter was impacted by geopolitical uncertainty stemming 
from the West Asia conflict, we remain optimistic about our trajectory, supported by our 
continued focus on scaling the corporate travel business. The steady addition of new 
enterprise clients improving online adoption, and the growing contribution of our hotel business 
within the corporate segment positions us well to drive operating leverage  and deliver gradual 
margin expansion over the medium term. Looking ahead, AI and automation remain a core 
strategic focus for Yatra. We continue to see encouraging adoption of AI-powered servicing 
capabilities across both consumer and corporate channels. Our continued investments in 
automation and successful deployment across customer touchpoints reinforce both 
operational scalability and long-term profitability. Our continued collaboration with Google 
further strengthens our technology ecosystem and supports product innovation across 
customer acquisition and servicing.  
 
 In past cycles, are any indication, periods of market disruptions are often followed by a 
meaningful release of pent-up consumer demand. Accordingly, we expect the second-half of 
FY 27 to be materially stronger than the first half. 
 
While macro challenges are likely to persist in the first half of the year, we remain optimistic 
about FY 27 Backed by structural growth in India's travel and corporate mobility markets and 
Yatra's continued investment in AI technology, customer acquisition, hotel supply, and its B2E 
platform. As Dhruv mentioned earlier, We are confident of a medium-term growth CAGR of 
20% RLSC growth and 30% adjusted EBITDA growth. 

 
 
 
Thank you everyone. With that, let me hand over to our CFO, Anuj Sethi, to walk you through 
the detailed financial performance.  
 
Anuj Sethi    
 
Thank you Siddhartha. Good morning, everyone. For the fourth quarter of the financial year 
2026, on a consolidated basis, our revenue from operations decreased 14% year on year to 
INR 1,890 million. A gross margin defined as revenue less service cost rose 4% year on year 
to INR 1,133 million. Our EBITDA decreased 46% year on year to INR 126 million, translating 
to a healthy 11.15% EBITDA to gross margin ratio. As a result, a profit after tax decreased 
46% year on year to INR 82 million.  
 
For the full year ended financial year 2026, on a consolidated basis, our revenue from 
operations grew 27% year on year to INR 10,065 million. Our gross margins rose 24% year 
on year to INR 4,824 million, ahead of the revised guidance of 22.5%. Adjusted EBITDA of 
INR 917 million, year on year growth of 37.5% came in line with revised guidance, while 
EBITDA improved to INR 855 million, a year-on-year growth of 53%, translating to a healthy 
17.73% EBITDA to gross margin ratio. Profit after tax for the period increased 28% year on 
year to INR 468 million. 
  
In terms of segmental performance, our air ticketing passenger volume increased 2% year on 
year to 5,395,000 and gross year bookings grew 12% year on year to INR 61,874 Million. Air 
gross margin rose 30% year on year to INR 2,449 million with margins improving from 3.42% 
to 3.96%. Under hotels and packages segment, the hotel room nights grew by 16% year on 
year to INR 1,936,000 . However, gross bookings increased 27% year on year to INR 16,578 
million. While the gross booking margins expanded 37% year on year to INR 1,534 million, 
with margins improving from 8.60% to 9.25%. With respect to expenses, our people cost has 
moved from INR1,481.98 million in  FY 25 to INR1,669.75 million in FY26 primarily on account 
of salary inflation, investments in technology teams, mid-market sales teams, the benefits of 
it should accrue over short term. The people cost has increased largely on account of change 
in share-based payments in quarter four on a year-on-year basis. Other expenses have 
increased largely due to increase in affiliate commission, which is in line with increase in 
volumes and is margin accretive. On the liquidity front, cash and cash equivalent and term 
deposits stood at INR2,230 million as of 31st March 2026. Further, the company generated 
cash flow from operations of INR 761 million during the year as compared to 73 million in 
FY25. With this, I would like to hand it back to the moderator and open up for question and 
answer session. Thank you. 
 
Swapna Bhandarkar   
  
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. We will wait for a few minutes to start the question answers. 

 
 
Request all participants who have a question to raise their virtual hand and we will unmute 
you. Thank you very much. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan  
   
Hi, Ankush. Please introduce yourself and go ahead. 
 
Ankush Agrawal 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
 
Nitin Padmanapan 
Yeah. Loud & Clear 
 
Ankush Agrawal 
Yeah. Hi, this is Ankush from Surge Capital. So see, first thing that I want to understand is 
how much of a MICE business sort of driven by internationally because I mean Q3 was a 
major disruption domestically wherein almost everything came to a halt. But despite that Q4, 
the impact on MICE seems to be much higher despite it being much more of a international, 
regional, corporate that has happened. So just trying to understand is this part like how much 
of MICE is like driven by international, you know, travel and how much is domestic? 
 
Dhruv Shringi 
    
Morning, Ankush. So in terms of our MICE business, firstly, just to put that in context, the 
average MICE transaction domestically versus an average MICE transaction internationally 
has almost a 1 is to 3 ratio, almost a 1 is to 3,3.5 ratio, right? Because 
values are much higher when it comes to international travel. So there is a disproportionate 
impact that happens on account of that. Secondly, what also transpired this year particularly, 
if you look at the destinations that got impacted, i.e. Dubai and Abu Dhabi, these destinations 
in this quarter see very heavy pickup after Eid and Ramzan. Right? So, you know, that's 
basically 20 days, 23 days of March, where MICE typically happens in these destinations. So 
all of that lumped into this period, and that's the, unfortunately, the precise period which got 
disrupted. Secondly, what also ended up happening in this quarter is that as airfares rose on 
account of the conflict, mice travel, which was happening in certain parts of Europe, right, that 
became more expensive and that also then negatively impacted margins because, you know, 
the price at which you're selling is fixed and then your cost, input cost is going up on account 
of this, right? So those were the two factors which disproportionately impacted this. Going 
forward, what we do expect is that in the current quarters, as Siddhartha mentioned, we've 
already seen recovery happening. People have started looking at alternative destinations. 
We've seen Southeast Asia pick up. We've seen domestic pickup and on a run rate basis, 
we're already 20% higher than the previous quarter. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta   

 
 
  
Just to add to Dhruv's answer, Ankush, you know, mice overall ecosystems responding to the 
changes that are being thrown up. We have ourselves hugely now, you know, built capabilities 
to go to other destinations which don't require you to pass through the Middle East or the 
conflict region. You know, and also domestically, we have again beefed up our capabilities to 
respond to this. So as I mentioned during my narrative for Q4 and financial year, we are 
already seeing in this current quarter much better traction compared to last quarter. So, I 
think...the fact that MICE business is inherently linked to reward and engagement of 
employees and the ecosystem, I think companies are going ahead with MICE spend, but it's 
just that this was a temporary blip which we have overcome as an industry. 
 
Ankush Agrawal 
    
Yeah. That was helpful. The second thing that I want to understand is, would it be possible for 
you to give some sense how much of a corporate, you know, business is being driven by, you 
know, headline IT services companies? I mean, the concern largely with our business is that 
if the IT services get...proportionally impacted with all this AI thing, because our business is 
much more corporate driven versus other OTAs, which is like B2C, the impact for us would be 
higher. So if you can just give a sense like how much of our, you know, B2B business is driven 
by this IT services as an end consumer. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta  
   
Maybe you know Dhruv could add to this, but if you look at our history and when we started 
focusing on B2E as a segment, a fairly high percentage of our overall B2E business used to 
be coming from some of the largest IT services companies. But over the last three to four 
years, With the prolonged, you know, slowness or the impact on IT services has been there 
for the last three to four years now. IT services constitute only about 10 to 11% of overall B2E 
business that Yatra has, and other industries have got a much larger share now, and 
hence...the impact of AI and on IT services is kind of baked in onto our B2E business already. 
We have significant business coming now from consulting companies, which form a very large 
part of the business that flows through our platform on the corporate side. We also have newer 
industries like pharma, automobile, who have become a significant part of our overall B2E 
portfolio as well. Dhruv do youwant to add to that? 
 
Dhruv Shringi 
    
Sure, Sid. So in FY24, right, during the time when we were going public, IT services accounted 
for about 20% of our business. Today, as Sid mentioned, they account for just a shade under 
10% of our large corporate business. If you were to factor in the Globe acquisition, if you factor 
in the MICE business, which are alternative revenue streams that we build, the share of IT 
services in our total B2E business today, would be about 7 odd percent. So that number has 

 
 
come down pretty meaningfully as we've gone about diversifying our business beyond just the 
initial segments of IT and consulting. 
 
Ankush Agrawal    
Yeah. Yeah. 
Right, that's great to hear. That was all. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Thank you. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan  
   
Great. Mathur Rathi, over to you. 
 
Madhur Rathi  
   
So thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding the air travel segment 
and this air ticketing, sir, the first question was, sir, how should the economics or the gross 
take rate change with adoption of the offer and order model versus the GDS model? Will the 
economics be better or will the take rates be better going forward for us? And the second 
question was the discounting that we give. So the gross, the discounting we give as a 
percentage of the gross take rate has increased from I think 34, 35 percent, 3, 4 quarters back 
to closer to 48, 49 percent currently. So why is that? So if you could help us understand on 
these two things. 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
Sure. So if you look at firstly the take rate, right, and we mentioned this in our prepared remarks 
as well, we are, if you look at us amongst the OTAs, going to be the only one who's actually 
over the last three years consistently improved their take rates. The reason the take rates for 
Yatra, the net take rates for Yatra are improving is because we are working more and more 
towards the enterprise side of the business. Airlines are also keener to partner more with 
enterprise travel platforms than with the B2C platforms. You rightly pointed out that there is 
obviously a bit of a structural shift which is happening in the air distribution where the airlines 
on the B2C side trying to go more and more direct so you do face that scenario more on the 
B2C side of things. However, on the enterprise side, airlines want more and more share of 
enterprise business. An average enterprise customer spends about 50% more than an 
average B2C customer on a per ticket basis. Hence, the realisation for an airline is much better 
from an enterprise traveller. Airlines don't really make that much money off a B2C traveller 
who's booking 30 days in advance and booking the cheapest fare. Airlines typically, and this 
is not just in India, this is a global phenomena airlines and hotels will typically make money 
from business travellers who are booking at the very last minute and are booking, you know, 

 
 
fares which are going to be more flexible, fares which will be more focused on business and 
1st class. That's where the airlines typically end up making money. Hence, the take rates for 
Yatra should remain consistent irrespective of the kind of macro shift which is happening on 
some of the direct to customer channels. Enterprise is a managed business, so we don't see 
the same kind of impact on the enterprise side of things. To your second point on the 
discounting, while the discounting optically might have gone up, the thing to look at is the net 
take rate. The net take rate has continued to improve. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta :   
  
I'll just add to that. If you look at our gross take, which was in the range of about 7.7% overall, 
it's improved to about 8.1. Our air gross take has improved from 7% to 7.1% in 26 from 24. 
And then if you go down, as Dhruv said, you know, discounts might be optically saying the 
wrong things. But if you look at the net margin, the gross margin that we make on our air 
ticketing business, we would be one of the only OTAs which have improved our , you know, 
air gross margin from 2.7% in FY24 consistently, we came to about 3.4% in  financial year25, 
and this year we are at 4%. So, we are consistently improving there, which shows that our 
leaning towards B2E is helping us improve our margins for air business. Yeah. 
 
Madhur Rathi  
   
Got it. And just my second question was on the value-added service that we are expecting to 
provide like a expense management or some other value-added services that we can integrate 
with that platform. Where are we on that in terms of adoption as well as... displacing the 
existing vendors or product providers for these products. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta   
  
Yeah, so maybe I'll start there andDhruv can add. See, as you know, we are one of the largest 
B2E players with more than 1300 odd large enterprises who use us for their corporate travel 
program. And  two large upsell opportunities exist for Yatra. One is the expense management 
piece, which is a new solution that Yatra has launched, which is anchored around AI. And in 
Q3, I announced that we have got 8 new ones. So, the Q3 was the first quarter where we had 
one full quarter of recap being available for us to sell it to our customers. Very happy to 
announce that we have added another 8 new logos to that kitty, and we've already gone live 
in four of them last quarter. So, I think this upsell opportunity is really playing out for Yatra. It 
is not so much from a marker of a revenue, but overall, once you do expense management 
along with travel, then the stickiness of our engagement with our customers really, really goes 
up. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a net dollar retention of nearly 97%. So recap is going 
to add more to stickiness of business in our B2E space for us. The other upsell is if you look 
at our overall MICE business, I think overall revenues from MICE last year, about 15 to 17% 
of that would have come from our base account. So, there's a huge potential for us to upsell 

 
 
in our existing base accounts. And we are pursuing that with a very, very sharp focus across 
our go to market in the financial year, in the current financial year. 
 
Madhur Rathi 
    
Got it, . 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
Thanks. Madhur, just a quick pointer to your first part of the question. In FY23 and FY24, our 
air discounts were hovering around 61% of gross take, whereas in FY25 and FY26, they are 
at about 47, 48%. So there is actually a meaningful improvement.in the ratio of discount to 
gross take as the business has moved more towards enterprise travel. 
 
Madhur Rathi  
   
Also, do we have any number like, like any figure like this would be the ideal ratio that we 
would like it to take like 40% or whatever that number might be? 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
So if you look at just the way our business is trending more and more towards corporate with 
enterprise travel growth outpacing B2C travel growth, mathematically itself, it's likely that in 
the next year or so, this number will become closer to 45% and continue to optimize. 
 
Dheeraj    
 
Got it. So, if I look at your investor presentation, Q4 and Q1, were these anomalies or some 
seasonality there? Because this was like 35%. I'm just getting a clarification. . I'll just, I'll get 
back in the queue after that. Yeah, so this 35% was there, this one off during, I think.Q4 and 
Q1 OF FY25 and FY26 
 
Dhruv Shringi   
  
So if you look at Q1 of FY26, Q1, you would recall was Operation  Sindoor and Pulwama and 
all of that, right? So there was a significant amount of disruption and the Air India crash 
unfortunately also happened in that quarter. So there is a significant amount of B2C disruption 
that happened in that quarter. That's why discounts in that particular Quarter were abnormally 
low. That's it. Otherwise, the trend you'll see in the remaining quarters, including Q4, it's at 
48%. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 

 
 
    
Dhruv Sitlani, please go ahead.  Just announce your company name as well. Thank you. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan 
    
Mr. 
Sitlani, 
are 
you 
able 
to 
hear 
us? 
You 
can 
unmute 
yourself. 
Go ahead, sir. 
 
Dhruv Sitlani    
 
Am I audible? 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan    
Yes, you are, sir. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Sitlani   
  
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a strong full year despite a tough Q4. I 
wanted to ask about corporate restructuring. So we saw that THCL, the holding company 
above the India listed entities, sold about 1.8% stake in Feb 26. Two questions on this. First 
one is the internal NCLT merger of the six subsidiaries done as of December 25.but the larger 
holding company simplification that is collapsing the cayman and  Cyprus layers into a clear 
India structure. Is it still going on? And can you give us any sense of where this stands and a 
rough timeline for completion as well? 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
See, that process is still going on. The reason THCL sold these shares was to fund itself from 
a legal and, you know, legal cost point of view to be able to do that collapse process. It is a 
process that entails multiple jurisdictions. We've got, you know, the jurisdictions of India, 
obviously, and then Cyprus, Singapore and Cayman to deal with. But given that, you know, 
we've gone ahead now and capitalised that entity as well, with a little bit of liquidity to take 
care of all these legal expenses, that could be an indicator that, you know, well, we are making 
progress in that direction. I think beyond that, it will be difficult for me at this point of time to 
give you anything more concrete given the complexities involved in the process. 
 
Dhruv Sitlani  
   
Okay, thank you. That was really helpful. And second, given that the holding company already 
had to sell shares once to fund these costs, should we expect any further stake sales or does 
the holding company have enough liquidity to see the process through it without further dilution 
to the India entity promoter holding? 

 
 
 
Dhruv Shringi   
  
See, to the best of our knowledge and understanding, what we have sold at this point of time 
from the holding company should take care of the entire cost of the process. We do not expect 
to come back to the markets anytime in the near future to do another sale. 
 
Nitin Padmanabhan 
    
Dheeraj, please go ahead. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan   
  
My only request is that when we unmute, please let us know your name of the organization. It 
will help us. Thank you very much. Dheeraj, I've unmuted you. Please go ahead. 
 
Nirvan   
  
Hi, this is Nirvan here from Badrinath Holdings. My mic got muted, so I assume I can ask my 
question. Yeah. Hi, Dhruv. So my first question is on agent tech AI penetration. We have heard 
a lot about this in the last few months. Some industry projections are saying that by FY30  you 
know, 30% of transactions on SaaS websites, etc. like travel could be done by Agentic AI. So 
my question is, how important is this going to be towards your ad revenue that you earn from 
the website? Because if humans are not going to look at the website increasingly. Is that a 
threat and how are you seeing it and how do you expect it to play out? 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
Sure. I'll, you know, start this response and then maybe Siddhartha can also add to this. For 
our business, we are much more obviously focused on the enterprise side. On the enterprise 
side, you know, the customer sits behind a walled garden. There are multiple other processes, 
business processes, and, you know, multiple other rate configurations that come in, especially 
for that corporate customer. So we don't think here the booking process will move to any 
platform beyond people like us who are doing the vertical SaaS component out here. But 
where the AI will help us tremendously is in automating our own business processes. We have 
our own internal project also going on. And so that will talk a bit more about that, where we 
are tremendously working on optimising our business processes using AI. And the results of 
that are extremely encouraging. On the B2C side of things, on the B2C side, yes, there is a 
likelihood that we might see demand patterns shift from the likes of Google and the Meta 
platforms, which are today the primary drivers of demand, onto the bot platforms from where 
the traffic will come in. But the traffic will still come in from an execution standpoint, we feel, 
onto platforms like ours. Advertisement revenue for us is a relatively small component 
compared to a lot of our peers. So for us, it's not really something that we feel would be majorly 

 
 
disruptive because there are certain other avenues through which we are able to, I feel, recoup 
that. Avenues like, you know, working together with hotels to optimise and prioritise certain 
hotels, put in place certain sponsored listings, etc..These are some models that we are trying 
out using data analytics, which will, I feel confident, help us offset the little bit of impact which 
might be there on the advertisement revenue. So that's not a key driver for us. Sid, maybe you 
can add a bit more about the stuff that we are doing on AI, which is more accretive for the 
company. 
 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
    
Yeah, I think just to add to what Dhruv said, you know, from a first principle basis, Yatra was 
one of the first movers to put the data model and the data structure in place, which helps us 
not only to write better, more efficient machine algorithms, but also to train our own bots. 
So, we have a research lab equivalent within Yatra, which is continuously working on the Diya 
bot that we have, which is consumer thing. We also have a self-booking bot, which is our 
corporate 
user 
facing, 
so 
our 
ability 
to, 
you 
know, 
go 
through 
the... 
travel data and then learn from it and then respond back to all queries from our customers, 
whether they are B2C customers or our B2E customers. Our ability to create itineraries for 
them, which are personalised and fit their travel needs is very, very high. So we are fairly. high 
on that learning curve. When it comes to investing in our platform to make sure that we are  
agentic ready, or as they say, headless SaaS ready, we are hugely invested in that process 
as well. And as Dhruv said, because our leaning is so much towards B2E, we actually are not 
feeling threatened by demand coming from a different channel. For us, if there is an agentic 
demand coming our way, we want to be as ready as possible so that they become one more 
of, you know, demand source for us. So earlier we used to, you know, look at organic demand 
coming through SCU, SCM, and this could get added as one more demand source .but we 
want to play on our product and technology strength, our ability to add more and more supply, 
both from an air and hotel standpoint, and our ability to personalise and execute that 
transaction that the agent is bringing on our platform. So, I think that way we are fairly high on 
the learning curve, well prepared, and investing quite a bit. for making sure that Yatra always 
remains very, very relevant in the travel space, both for B2C as well as for B2E traffic. 
 
Nirvan    
 
Sure. One quick follow up on that. If you can let me know the advertising revenue in FY26 and 
what it was in FY25. And if you can tell us what percentage of that flows through to EBITDA, 
I assume quite a lot of that flows through to EBITDA directly. 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
See, we don't call out our advertisement revenue separately, right? It's part of our other 
income. But all I can say is that from a materiality point of view, it is not really going to be very 

 
 
material to the overall earnings. There are pure advertisement like you would define based on 
traffic that is fairly minimal. There is different kind of advertisement revenue which we get, 
which is like partnering with the banks, partnering with the tourism boards, partnering with the 
airlines. That is separate from any pure traffic-led advertisement, which is likely to get 
impacted by things like this. So short answer to that is that we don't think it is a material amount 
for us and anything that we would lose sleep over. 
 
Nirvan    
Sure, my last question is on the... 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan   
  
Thanks, Mr. Nirvan. I will. I'm sorry. 
 
Nirvan    
Sorry, can I ask one more? I just got an opportunity to ask one question. Can I ask a second 
one? 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan  
   
I think, can I request you to come back in the queue? I have Deeraj and we have a few more. 
I apologise to sound rude. Yeah, thank you. 
 
Nirvan  
   
Okay, sure. 
Sure. Thank you. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan   
  
Uh, Mr. Dheeraj, I have, I will ask you to go ahead. My apologies. Yes, my apologies. Earlier, 
we couldn't get you on this. Yeah, so please go ahead. Do let us know. which firm you are 
from ? 
 
Dheeraj   
  
Yes, am I audible now? 
No problem, no problem. Hi, thanks. Thanks a lot for giving me this opportunity. 
 
Dheeraj    
Yeah, yeah, so yeah, I come from Alpha Square. So, Dhruv my question is basically today, 
how much of our business is contributed by B2C vertical and what is the, I mean, are we, is it 

 
 
profitable 
today 
or 
how 
much 
loss 
are 
we 
making? 
From this vertical, if you can just give out some details here. 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
So in terms of gross bookings for the full year, B2C would be roughly about 30 in the early 30s 
from an overall business mix point of view. And it's definitely not loss making. It's profitable. 
That's the way we've been running it. And part of our efforts over the last two, three years, the 
reason we took a hit in terms of volume in FY25 was on account of us readjusting our B2C 
business to make sure that we were unit positive on every transaction. So we don't have a 
situation where B2C incurs a loss. B2C is making a reasonable amount of profit. Obviously, 
B2C profitability will  
always be lower than the enterprise profitability, but from a, you know, overall contribution 
point of view, it's about early 30s in terms of gross booking and about, you know, mid to high 
single digits of operating margin. 
 
Dheeraj  
   
Yeah., but no, my question is, basically, if you see globally, you know, pretty much this is a 
duopoly structure, right? I mean, B2C business is so hard because in there is something 
called, you know, that flywheel effect which kicks in, I mean, even if you see in the US or in 
China, et cetera, why are we even because today? I'm assuming we are like say 3rd or 4th 
player in the B2C space. Why are we trying to really put our efforts into this vertical rather we 
can actually focus this completely into the B2B vertical because I mean ideally we are probably 
the market leader at this point of time even if we compare it with MakeMyTrip today. So what 
is the...Core motivation for us to even like invest this money into the B2C vertical. 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
See, just to be clear, we are not investing into the B2C vertical. B2C vertical, you know, 
generates A meaningful amount of free cash as well, right? So it doesn't consume any capital 
from our perspective. It's both contribution and EBITDA positive. The incremental volume that 
comes from the B2C side of things helps us get better deals from the suppliers. 
The B2C element and the B2C brand rub off allows us on the corporate side to cross-sell 
personal travel to the employees. So there are meaningful benefits which accrue of having the 
B2C part to the business. If it was a case where B2C was causing us to invest incremental 
amount of capital into that business, then maybe we might have taken a different call. But 
today, that business is very well positioned to be able to sustain itself with decent market 
volume led growth with a reasonable amount of profitability. Is that anything else that you 
would like to add? 
 
Siddhartha Gupta  

 
 
   
Maybe just to, maybe, yeah, maybe just to add to that, you know, you'll have to see our 
business from a first principle basis, where the product and the technology platform that we 
have, we are investing in that to ensure that our ability to add more suppliers faster our ability 
to dedupe and give out results with lowest latency, with the freshest cache, and our ability to 
personalise both on the air and the hotel front. So, you know, there's a huge amount of first 
principle investing happening in ensuring that the Yatra is highest on the innovation curve. 
From a first principle basis and frankly, the moment that happens, the moment you are the 
fastest platform, you are the deepest inventory, and if you are able to personalize the best and 
if you have a solid API framework on top of it to ensure that any demand source can consume 
your output better than the competition. You know, every line of business starts profiting from 
it. And hence, the investments that we are doing on the tech front, which might be getting us 
better operating leverage from B2E is also having a cascading impact on the business that 
comes to us from our B2C demand sources and from our affiliate partners and any other 
partnership which doesn't, you know, doesn't need too much of marketing spend from our side 
and hence contribute positively to our bottom line. So I think that's broadly the flywheel that's 
playing for Yatra. 
 
Dheeraj  
   
Right, but it would be great if you can actually segment B2B and B2C in the presentation as 
well, so that going forward we can we can probably slice and dice it better, so I think that would 
be helpful. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Yeah, I think as Siddhartha mentioned, there is still a significant amount of, you know, interplay 
between the two businesses, especially when it comes to things like technology and product. 
So it's not as simple to just, you know, do a segmental reporting for us as it might be for 
someone who has a more discreet and more segregated business. So that's part of the reason 
why we don't do this. But you know, at a gross booking level, that's something that we will try 
and see if we can start putting that out more consistently. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan  
   
Thanks. I'll move to the next question by Sonal Minhans. Before I move to Sonal, I will request 
all participants to kindly, you know, in the interest of time, keep their questions to two questions 
and do mention the company that you belong to. Go ahead, Sonal. You can unmute yourself. 
 
 
Sonal    
Hi, am I audible? This is Sonal Minhans from Prescient capital 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan    

 
 
 
Yeah, you are. You are audible. Thank you. 
 
Sonal    
 
Sure. Thank you. Good numbers, Dhruv and team, and thanks for giving me the opportunity. 
I have two questions. First one was, you've given a guidance of revenue of around 20% for 
this current financial year. Is Q1 this year looking on similar lines better than Q1 last year? 
And what gives you the confidence given that the demand is still a little sombre and you did 
mention that the domestic travel is actually substituting the international travel and that's a 
smaller ticket size. So just want to understand that, the first question. 
 
 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
So just to be clear on the guidance that we are giving out, it's not even a hard guidance that 
we are giving out, right? So the indication that we are giving is that our medium term CAGR, 
so if you recall and if you've been following Yatra, you'll see that over the last couple of years, 
we've been talking about a 20-30 model, right? 20% growth in revenue-less service costs 
leading to 30% growth in adjusted EBITDA. We are saying that model remains constant. And 
if I was to look at this on a CAGR basis over the next, you know, medium term, let's say a two 
to three-year horizon, we will see this CAGR being maintained. Now, there might be short-
term disruptions. So, you know, to your point on Q1, Q1, given that we've already seen two 
months of the quarter play out, would remain a bit muted. But it's not to say that in the second-
half of the year, as things normalize, the recovery won't offset the drop that we have in Q1. So 
it's more of a medium term kind of view that we are taking on this and using the current quarter 
and the last quarter more of an aberration as opposed to something that will pay out going 
forward as well. 
 
Sonal   
  
Got it, Dhruv. Thanks for clarifying that and explaining that. Second thing, again, congrats on 
improving your working capital receivable days. I just wanted to understand, is that a tip 
because Q4 was kind of sombre or is that. 
 
Uh...working on actually improving the receivables, partly this and partly that, but just want to 
take get your take on how the receivables have actually improved. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
No, I think that's more of a structural thing where, you know, Siddharth and team have been 
making strong inroads in terms of, you know, optimising and streamlining the working capital 

 
 
cycles. So we will continue to see improvement happening. If you look at it on an annualised 
basis, we will continue to see optimization happening in that when it comes to the receivable 
days. That's a key focus area for us because we know that's a key determinant to the ROCE. 
So you will continue to see optimization in that. 
 
Sonal    
 
Got it. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta   
  
I think one of the core differentiators any B2E setup has, one of the key differentiators is your 
ability to manage working capital. And as I said, you know, investments are happening in the 
product and the tech platform, but we're also using our expertise to automate internal 
processes which help us you know, shorten the cycle of delivering a service, invoicing it, and 
collecting it from the customer. So I think there's a huge focus across our B2E team to ensure 
that we not only sell more, we monetize more, plus we collect more and faster as well. So I 
think that cycle is playing for us. 
 
Sonal    
Thanks for explaining that. I just have a follow up on this one. Like if you have a near term 
guidance or a medium term guidance for the sales and the EBITDA, is there a near term 
guidance for ROCE? We should also anchor ourselves to we are around 5, 5 1/2 percent as 
we speak right now. From a two, three-year perspective, like is there an internal milestone? 
You have as a company. 
 
You got into. 
 
Dhruv Shringi   
  
Absolutely. So if you look at our ROCE, right, so last year we were, you know, around 4. This 
year, you know, we are closing close to about 6. Had the disruption not happened, our 
indication was that we would be somewhere in the 7, 7 1/2 percent range. Or if you just see 
from a trend point of view, the way our business is structured, Our incremental ROCE is 
extremely high because for every new customer who comes in, given that a large part of our 
cost structure is fixed, our technology investment has been done to a great extent and we 
deploy only a few frontline staff for exception handling. Our incremental ROCE is very high. 
So we would expect that in the next three to four years, we want to get to a high teens kind of 
number when it comes to ROCE . And that's something that should just mathematically follow 
as the business continues to scale up and we continue to optimise our working capital cycle. 
 
Sonal    

 
 
Yeah. 
Okay. 
Got it. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
Sure, thank you. 
 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan    
 
Thanks. My next, I will request Mr. Aditya Kumar to unmute himself and do let us know which 
firm you are from. Thank you. Go ahead with your question, sir. 
 
Aditya Kumar 
    
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. I'm Aditya from Old Bridge. Congratulations team on a good set. 
So my first question is on the hotels business. So what has happened this quarter, like on a 
Q on Q basis or even on a YOY basis, our average realisations per room night 
has dropped and commensurate to that, I think our gross margins have also dropped over the 
last quarter. So in the last Q2 and Q3, we saw discounts being very low for the hotels business, 
but again, it had inched up to around 17%. So 2 things on why the realisations have dropped, 
what 
has 
happened 
there, 
what's 
the 
happening 
at 
the 
back. 
Second on the discounts part, what's leading to a Q on Q jump on the discounts front? 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Sure. Aditya, I'll start off on this and Siddhartha can then build on it as well. So if you see from 
a room nights point of view, yes, room nights have grown very strongly at 36% and gross 
bookings have grown at 9. The average realisation which has come down is also on account 
of part of the mixed change where we've seen in the current quarter more affiliate business, 
more domestic business coming in, as opposed to MICE business, which has got disrupted. 
So transaction values for international travel and MICE are significantly higher than the 
average transaction value for domestic business, right? So that's been the key driver why you 
have a situation where today you know, your average hotel room night has come down 
meaningfully. That's the only thing which is there. It's more of a, you know, just a short-term 
disruption where the business makes a lot change more in favour of affiliate versus MICE. We 
should, as you know, the year progresses, see that normalizing. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
 
Yeah, yeah, nothing more to add, Dhruv. I think I think it's pretty evident it's the it's a revenue 
mix, and lastly, standalone hotels have given a very good growth, about 32% year on year, 

 
 
and margins have improved there as well, but it's just the MICE impact in a particular quarter 
which is pulling the numbers down. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Aditya, this second part on the discounting, right, which you were referring to, right? That's 
also largely to do with the change in mix only. Nothing again from a structural standpoint, it's 
just the change in business mix, given that, you know, you've got higher amount of affiliate 
and B2C as opposed to MICE and B2E where the discounting does not exist or is at very 
nominal levels. 
 
Aditya Kumar  
   
Okay, so any particular target number we have for discounts, like if things normalise and the 
MICE number that we are targeting and the mix that we are targeting, what kind of discounts 
should we be taking in for hotels? 
 
Dhruv Shringi   
  
So if you look at, you know, from a discount to our revenue, right, or discount to gross margin 
kind of ratio, that was, you know, last year, I think somewhere close to about 75%, right? And 
in the current year, that number is hovering close to about, you know, 85%, which is 
predominantly on account of the last quarter. We feel post the current quarter, we will start 
anyways, as Siddhartha mentioned, this quarter itself is seeing a 20% improvement QoQ in 
MICE. So you will see that optimization happening in the current quarter itself. And we feel, 
you know, in the second-half of the year, we'll be again back to the 75% or lower kind of 
number only. 
 
Aditya Kumar 
    
Okay. 
Alright, alright. I'll just one bookkeeping question: What would be the MICE business for FY26 
as compared to FY25? 
 
Total. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Again, we don't really call out the MICE business separately, but you can look at the revenue 
less service cost at a good indicator of the trending in the MICE business, right? A large part 
of the service cost comes in from the MICE business only. And if I point you to the service 
cost, the service cost went up from like 400 crores in FY25 to about 525 crores in FY26. So 
that plus a markup would be the equivalent of the gross bookings of MICE. 

 
 
 
Aditya Kumar    
 
Okay, okay, got it, got it. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Sure. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan    
 
Mr. Gautam, I've unmuted. Please go ahead and let us know which form you're from. Thank 
you. 
 
Gautam  
   
Hi, hi. I'm an HNI investor. So thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask, you know, 
we have been seeing that a lot of MICE companies are getting listed and many of them have 
also filed DRHP. So, you know, are we expecting, you know, some kind of competition from 
them in the future or are we you know, operating  in a place where we will not be affected by 
them. 
 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
See, MICE is a very large market in India. It's still highly fragmented, the number of organised 
players in this category, right? And we would be, I think, at this point of time, the second largest 
player in the category. The number of organised players are only a handful. When it comes to 
MICE as well, especially large  MICE of reputed companies, they want to work with a partner 
who has the wherewithal to handle things if something does go wrong. As we've seen in these 
kinds of disruptions, our ability to be able to handle exceptions is much better than any of our 
peers. and when it comes to large customers, that is a very important aspect for them when it 
comes to MICE execution. We've also built out a deep distribution network and partnership 
network with DMCs, destination management companies, which focus and specialise in MICE 
across the globe, whether it's in Europe,whether it's in the Middle East, whether it's in 
Southeast Asia, these are deep relationships and expertise that we have built. So while I 
understand some smaller MICE companies are also looking at going public, we don't think this 
is something which will meaningfully, you know, disrupt us in any shape or form. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
 
Just to add, to that, I think the larger market size of MICE is, you know, our approximation is 
about 35,000 crores. I think the organised market is maybe about 10% or less. And as I said 

 
 
earlier, if you look at our MICE business itself, you know, we are about 10 to 15% of our 
installed bases where we have sold MICE. Our capabilities to deliver very high end group 
travel, you know, married to an event that or impactful event that our customers want. Those 
are the kind of capabilities that Yatra has built over the last four to five years in this space. It's 
A differentiator, very difficult to replicate. even if there are newer players who are coming in. 
Again, I wanted to highlight that, you know, these group travels have multiple complex events 
that need to happen together.  
For example, if you're taking, you know, 500 to 1000 people from India to any other location, 
their visas, if the visas don't come on time, then they would not be able to take the flight. If the 
flight disruption happened, then their hotel itineraries and their ground support itineraries will 
change completely. So it's an ecosystem that needs to be managed every time a group travel 
happens and Yatra over years with their disciplined execution and we've become an entity of 
repute in this space. It's a place where we believe we have got enough moat to ensure that 
we keep growing and don't get impacted by newer players coming in. But that said, we are 
fairly agile. We want to build more capabilities using tech in this space and we'll make sure 
that we keep leading this space. 
 
Gautam    
 
Okay, that sounds really good. So just to follow up, you know, someone else also asked this, 
you know, sir, it would be great if we could see different, you know, like numbers for different 
segments like mice and B2B and B2E, B2C, that would be really great. Just a suggestion 
though. 
 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
    
Okay. 
Thank you so much. You know, suggestion taken. We'll try and work on that going forward. 
Yeah. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan 
    
Thanks. My next, so before I move to the next participant, just a reminder, if there are any 
more questions, we're ready to take a few more questions. Please do raise your virtual hand 
and we'll unmute you. I'm now going to next to Mr. Keshav. So please unmute yourself. 
 
 
Keshav    
 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. This is Keshav from Niveshaay. Hope I'm audible. 
Hello? 
 
Siddhartha Gupta    

 
 
 
Yeah, yeah, you are, yes, you are, yes. 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
Yes, yes, Keshav, we can hear you, yeah, yeah. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan    
 
Yeah, you are, you are. 
 
Keshav   
 
  
Yeah, yeah, so, like, my question was broadly on the AI side, like, additionally, like, are we 
planning to integrate with these large LLMs or potentially build up our own MCP since, you 
know, the majority of these enterprises are now adopting this, you know, at the enterprise 
level. So, you know, it would be much easier like if we build an MCP and then if these guys 
would want to book anything online. So, what are your thoughts like? 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
Sure. So the MCP protocol has already been worked upon. We've been doing this now for the 
better part of a year. We've been working on the MCP protocol from an integration standpoint. 
You will see some of that in the very near term, because we are working with the LLMs to be 
able 
to 
provide 
them 
the 
requisite 
information 
that 
they 
need.  
What Yatra has done is that our focus, and I think both Sid and I touched upon this, has been 
on improving our API infrastructure as well. While the MCP protocol is what's connecting you 
to them, the underlying API and the micro API infrastructure also has to be, you know, agile 
enough and strong enough to be able to support the demand patterns which is coming in from 
there. And that's where we think we are very well positioned given the work that we've done 
over the course of the last 12 months. So I think that's a good question, a good opportunity for 
us, and we are actively working towards it. 
 
Siddhartha that any more colour that you would like to add? 
 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
    
Yeah, yeah, I think, I think just to add, you know, we have worked on the MCP protocol, frankly, 
but along with that, so you would hear from us very, very soon, you know, in a matter of a 
couple of weeks, a lot of innovations that we would come to market with on the back end, as 
Dhruv said, you know. 

 
 
 
Travel world is got a lot of internal systems and you know talking to external back end systems 
in at airlines, at intermediaries, at hotels where we need APIs to call the right event to happen. 
So I think we've tried to pick end-to-end processes and we are actually automating that using 
a very strong API framework. And then finally, the last one is the MCP protocol, where we 
want to make everything available for an agent to do directly on our platform. So I think the 
entire continuum you will see across financial year 27, a lot of announcements coming our 
way where we'll keep adding more and more functionalities which can be done by an agent 
directly onto the Yatra platform. 
 
Keshav    
OK. 
Yeah, that would be helpful. And also my second question was like, on the B2E segment, like 
which geography are we seeing the like, you know, the strongest growth coming? Like which 
regions? Yeah. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
 
Yeah. 
So. 
Frankly, you know, this is again, as Dhruv said earlier, corporate online travel is penetrated 
only about 23 to 24%. So there's a huge headroom for growth across all regions. And so that's 
why you see such robust number reporting by us every quarter, where we are adding 40 to 55 
this quarter, we've added 55 new logos with the annual billable potential of nearly 270 to 280 
odd crores every quarter. So last full financial year, if you see, we've added 163 new logos 
with nearly 1000 crore annual billable amount. So, so there is, there is a huge wide, you know, 
headroom for us to grow corporate business. We are nowhere close to. penetrating it to the 
levels what we've seen in the consumer side of things. You know, frankly, obviously, you know, 
we are headquartered out of Gurgaon, so hence, our corporate business has a significant 
component coming from north of India, as well as obviously, you know, Mumbai being the 
corporate capital of India, we have a large chunk coming from there. We are working very hard 
on ensuring that we penetrate South more as well. And especially with the mid-market go-to-
market firing for us now, we believe that our growth would come from all across India. I think 
so maybe growth would come a lot more from a step change perspective from the south side. 
because we are under penetrated there, but it's fairly democratic in its spread across India. 
 
Keshav    
Got  it. That's all from my side. Congratulations and all the best for the next year. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
 
Okay. 
Thank you. 

 
 
Thank you. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan   
  
Thanks, sir. Mr. Nirvana, I think you can go ahead. I've unmuted you. 
 
Nirvan    
 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity again. So I wanted to ask a question on what's happening on 
your corporate credit card initiative, where I think at some point you had said that you would 
look forward to more tie-ups and also maybe launching something branded Yatra. So just 
wanted to understand how much of a priority this is for us to reduce receivables? Is it a genuine 
lever for us to be able to do this? And secondly, if it is, how difficult it actually is? Because you 
have to, I think, go to every account and convince them to transition to a credit card solution 
if they are not in it. So how practical is this and how? 
how much of a focus as an organisation do we have on this? And the last bit on that is, will 
there be an impact on our take rates, our net take rates, if we do implement a corporate credit 
card solution, like the denominator of our ROCE will go down, but will the numerator also go 
down? 
 
Dhruv Shringi    
 
So this is an important initiative for us. We now have the teams also in place, right, including 
a leader who is coming from this segment, who is heading this exercise. So this is something 
which we are hopeful that within, let's say,  a quarter or two, on the very outside, we will have 
a product which will be ready to go to market, right? There is a platform also which is being 
worked upon with this team to do that kind of integration where, you know, the flows can work 
seamlessly for the customers. It is an important area and it will have a meaningful positive 
impact, but you're right that it will improve gradually. This is something which has to be on and 
sold customer by customer, and then there is an implementation process in the customer. And 
the reason it takes, it's not as straightforward is because of your second question. There is a 
certain mix of customers who will have a particular airline mix, and then we have to partner 
with those airlines to make sure that the airlines are giving us relief on the credit card fees. 
Because if we don't get relief from the airlines on the credit card fee and we end up absorbing 
them, then it does impact the numerator as well. So while, you know, the denominator of the 
capital employed comes down, the numerator also gets impacted by the payment gate 
charges. That's the reason why it has to work in tandem between the airline and us to make 
sure that on a customer by customer basis, we are able to do this and create a proposition, 
which doesn't leave us holding that cost. And also, you know, make sure that we end up 
optimising our working capital receivable cycles. So it is slightly complex, but it is a key focus 
and priority area for us with a team in place now. 
 

 
 
 
Nirvan    
Sure, and what about the hotel side? Is it also as complicated as tying up with airlines on not 
taking an impact on the numerator? 
 
Dhruv Shringi   
  
See, on the hotel side, there is, you know, a virtual credit card platform which is already in 
place and we've already implemented that. So hotels is a bit easier. Hotels has a different 
challenge. Hotels, you are dealing with a myriad of mid-tier suppliers as well, a lot of whom 
might not be fully digitally savvy, right? So there The implementation process is a bit different, 
even though the commercials are simpler and easier to implement. 
 
Nirvan    
Understood. Understood. That will be all. Thank you. 
 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan 
    
Thanks. Thanks, everybody. Sure, we don't have any further questions. So before we end the 
call, firstly, I would like to thank the management of Yatra for giving us the opportunity. And I 
would request you all to make a closing statement before we end the call. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Shringi  
   
Sure, thank you. Thank you everyone for being on the call. We would just like to reiterate that 
while yes, in the near term and in the last quarter, we've seen a little bit of disruption, but this 
does not in any meaningful manner change the structure Business of Yatra, our momentum 
when it comes to new customer acquisitions on the corporate side, our retention of corporate 
customers, our margins, our ability to implement AI to continue to enhance and optimise our 
business, all of those remain strong. And we also feel that MICE will benefit significantly in the 
second-half of the year from revenge travel. 
 
We've seen this play out before when it came to COVID as well. So we don't in any way, feel 
that this will have a lasting impact on the business. This is a very short-term blip, and we 
greatly appreciate the support that all of you as shareholders have shown to us. 
Thank you for that, Siddhartha. 
 
Siddhartha Gupta 
    
Maybe just to add to Dhruv’s closing remarks, if past cycles are an indication, I think periods 
of market disruptions are usually followed by a fairly meaningful release of pent-up consumer 
demand. So accordingly, I think all of us at Yatra, we expect second-half of FY 27 to be 

 
 
materially stronger than the first half. and hopefully, you know, we would be on the right track 
going forward. Yeah. 
 
Thank you so much for your time and support for this call. 
 
Ramya Dharmarajan    
 
Thank you, everybody. With that, we end this call. You may now hang up. Thank you. 
