 
 
  May 06, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Thursday, 
April 30, 2026, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter and financial 
year ended March 31, 2026, is enclosed herewith.  
 
The 
copy 
of 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Vasudha Bagri) 
Compliance Officer  
Membership No: A28500 
 
Encl: As above. 
Vasudh
a Bagri
Digitally signed 
by Vasudha Bagri 
Date: 2026.05.06 
17:23:19 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q4 FY2026 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: April 30, 2026 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal - Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer 
Mr. Avijit Vikram - Head Investor Relations  
 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 2 of 20 
Avijit Vikram: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I am Avijit Vikram, Head of 
Investor Relations. On behalf of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited, 
I welcome you all to the company's Q4 and FY26 Earnings 
Webinar. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal - Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Brijesh Agrawal - Whole-
Time Director, Mr. Jitin Diwan - Chief Financial Officer and Mr. 
Prateek Chandra - Chief Strategy Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature 
and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide #3 of 
the earnings presentation for the detailed disclosure. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to IndiaMART's Q4 and 
FY26 Earnings Webinar. We have circulated our Earnings 
Presentation, which is available on our website as well as stock 
exchange websites. We are sure you would have gone through the 
presentation, and we would be happy to take any questions 
afterwards. 
 
IndiaMART has delivered Consolidated Revenue from operations 
of Rs. 404 crores in the quarter 4 and Rs. 1,569 crores in the full-
year, representing year-on-year growth of about 14% and 13%, 
respectively. 
 
Consolidated Collections from customers grew to Rs. 595 crores in 
quarter 4 and Rs. 1,857 crores in the FY26, representing an year-
on-year growth of 10% and 14% respectively. Consolidated 
deferred revenue grew to Rs. 1,965 crores representing year-on-
year growth of 17%. 
 
In quarter 4, unique business enquiries were about 27 million. In 
FY26, total number of paying suppliers increased by 3,200 to 2 
lakh 20 thousand, while the quarter 4 saw a little decline of 1,200. 
This decrease can primarily be attributed to moderation in gross 
addition, due to price increase we implemented in the Silver 
subscription tier at the end of the second quarter.  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 3 of 20 
Our Platinum and Gold customers, which constitute approximately 
50% of our customer base and more than 75% of revenue, continue 
to have good upsell and retention rate. 
 
On the platform side, we continue to take initiatives to improve the 
quality of enquiries. By capturing relevant and more product 
specification, we are now delivering enquiries which are having 
higher intent and relevance to sellers.  
 
In addition to the seller side verification, we are now starting to do 
more buyer side verification as well, so as to increase the overall 
trust in the platform. 
 
We also continue moving forward on our AI journey by embedding 
AI capabilities across our platforms. By combining three decades 
of our proprietary data with next-generation intelligence, we are 
making the discovery process much more precise and seamless for 
both buyers and sellers.  
 
Currently, AI is driving multiple parts of our ecosystem, and it is 
helping us improve the product quality and reinforcing a deeply 
trusted marketplace. We remain committed to ensuring that our 
platform remains a reliable growth partner for businesses in a 
digital first world. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you, and over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: 
Good evening, everyone. In Q4, Busy has done a billing of Rs. 45 
crores, whereas in FY26, in total, we did Rs. 170 crores of billing. 
The normalised rate of growth that we have had year-on-year which 
excludes the impact of the change in the payout structure that we 
have introduced is 24% and 43%, respectively. 
 
The Revenues from operation in Q4 were Rs. 34 crores, whereas 
for full year, this was at Rs. 119 crores and the normalised growth 
rates of 53% and 44%, respectively. The Deferred revenue was at 
Rs. 124 crores and this represents a normalised growth of 44% 
year-on-year. 
 
Cashflow from operations in Q4 was Rs. 10 crores, whereas for the 
entire year, this was at about Rs. 49 crores for us. During the 
quarter, we also sold 11 thousand new licenses, and this takes the 
total count of licenses sold to 4 lakh 42 thousand. The new         
licenses sold during the entire year are close to about 45 thousand.  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 4 of 20 
We continue to invest in improving the overall experience of the 
product. We are also now working upon adding AI-led features in 
the Busy product itself. And all of this should help us grow our 
sales further. This should lay the foundation for a sustained high 
growth at Busy for years to come. 
 
Now with this, I'll request Jitin to take over and discuss the 
financial performance of the business. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Good evening, everyone. I'll take you through the financial 
performance for the quarter and year ending March 2026.  
 
Consolidated Collection from customers was Rs. 595 crores in the 
quarter and Rs. 1,857 crores on a full-year basis. This represents 
year-on-year growth of 10% and 14%, respectively. 
 
IndiaMART standalone Collection from customers for the quarter 
was Rs. 546 crores and Rs. 1,674 crores on full-year basis, 
registering year-on-year growth of 8% and 10%, respectively. 
 
Consolidated Deferred revenue stood at Rs. 1,965 crores, an 
increase of 17% on year-on-year basis.  
 
Consolidated Revenue from operations was Rs. 404 crores for the 
quarter and Rs. 1,569 crores for the full-year basis, registering year-
on-year growth of 14% and 13%. Consolidated EBITDA was Rs. 
133 crores for the quarter and Rs. 530 crores for the full-year, 
representing margin of 33% and 34%, respectively. 
 
In quarter 4, Consolidated Other income for the quarter stood at 
negative Rs. 34 crores. This was primarily driven by mark-to-
market losses on our treasury portfolio resulting from a significant 
increase in bond yields during the quarter. We view this as notional 
losses, which would reverse on a long-term basis. Other income 
stood at Rs. 204 crores for the full-year basis. 
 
Consequently, Consolidated Net profit for the quarter was Rs. 50 
crores and Rs. 475 crores for FY26.  
 
Consolidated Cash generation from operations was Rs. 290 crores 
for the quarter and Rs. 694 crores for FY26. Consolidated Cash and 
treasury balance stood at Rs. 3,280 crores as on March 31, 2026. 
 
And finally, Board of Directors have recommended a total dividend 
of Rs. 60, which includes final dividend of Rs. 30 and a special 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 5 of 20 
dividend of another Rs. 30, this is subject to approval of 
shareholders. 
 
Thank you very much, and now we are ready to take any questions. 
 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panellists, kindly raise your hand and allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the Chat box and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions so that we may be able to address questions from all the 
participants. We will wait for a few seconds, while the question 
queue assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Vivekanand from Ambit Capital. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity. Two questions: so the 
first one is on the gross adds. Thanks for the opening comments 
that you mentioned about the moderation in gross adds. So Dinesh, 
if you can just update us on the process changes that you were 
initiating in improving the quality of gross adds, where do you 
stand in the journey? And by when can we expect the business to 
go back to say, a net add trajectory of maybe 5-6% at least on an 
annual basis? That is question one. 
 
And secondly, if you can give us an update on the churn metrics 
across the various tiers in the platform and where they stand now 
versus last year on an annual basis, that would be great. Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So let me handle the churn rate first. As I have been repeating 
quarter-on-quarter, Gold and Platinum continue to do healthy 
business with the monthly churn rates in the Platinum segment 
being much lesser than 1% and in the Gold segment anywhere 1% 
to 1.5%. So on overall basis, about approximately 1% per month. 
While on the Silver annual, they are about 4% and the Silver 
monthly, they are about 7%. There is not much of a change that is 
there in each one of them. 
 
Now coming to the gross add - quality and quantity, we continue 
to put levers where we can apply better quality of suppliers by way 
of GST verification, by way of turnover qualification, by way of 
any kind of a third-party signals that we can get. But in terms of the 
quantity, as I said, there is certain decrease in the gross adds 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 6 of 20 
because of the pricing pressure. It took longer than what we 
expected, especially in March when the war also broke out. 
Otherwise, generally, February and March typically do a better job, 
which could not happen. So hopefully, this is going to continue a 
little longer with the pain in the market. 
 
In terms of net adds, I think until and unless the churn improves, 
no amount of gross adds can actually do that. So we'll continue to 
have no guidance on the net adds until we have multiple quarters 
of continual success.  
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: 
Thanks for the explanation. Just one follow-up. How much of the 
current quarter's muted gross addition would you attribute to the 
war that broke out in the end of February? And how much would 
you attribute to, let's say, the price increase that you took in the 
middle of the year? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So in terms of about 1,200-odd customers decrease. I think if there 
was no war, we could have been probably 2,000 customers 
positive. So that gives you the entire quarter, maybe 3,000. And out 
of that, I would say 1,000 - 1,500 could be because of the war, 1,000 
- 1,500 could have been because of the price. 
 
Moderator: 
Participants are requested to raise hand if they wanted to ask 
question to management. Next question is from the line of Anmol 
Garg from DAM Capital. Please unmute yourself and go ahead 
with your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of things that I wanted to 
understand. Firstly, have you thought about any value-added 
services that we want to provide through our platform for which we 
can charge higher prices and in turn could increase ARPU through 
that aspect? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So, while we don't necessarily report value-add services as part of 
the financials or otherwise, when we say Platinum customers, all 
of it in value added only. And Platinum customers typically, the top 
10% customers that you see doing 50% of the revenue, they are all 
value-added services, whether search targeting, whether location 
targeting, these are not typical subscription businesses. However, 
they are sold in the similar manner as yearly subscription and multi-
year subscription, sometimes even quarterly and six-monthly 
subscription. 
 
Now coming to the other kind of value-added services, which are 
not related to the access to market. So for example, Lead Manager 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 7 of 20 
professional version or where you have a WhatsApp kind of an 
integration. So that contributes to some value-added revenue. 
There are a few other planned items on the Lead Management side, 
but they are not significant yet that that can be reported as a separate 
line item. 
 
So export, again, as we started sometime around 2020, become a 
separate business altogether with almost Rs. 50 - 60 crores of 
collections. It was always there even when we were purely 
domestic at maybe Rs. 20 - 25 crores, but now it has become Rs. 
60 - 70 crores of business. And you can look at our export-oriented 
website at export.indiamart.com. So that's there. We continue to 
maintain certain value-added experiments, which are towards 
logistics and credit facilitation, but those still remain very, very 
pilot and experimental and not yet have resulted into anything 
substantial. Hopefully, that answers your question. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
Thanks for that. And secondly, just from a holistic point of view, I 
wanted to understand the market sizing right now. So according to 
you, how many in India would be currently GST registered 
MSMEs and currently both non-paid and paid included, how many 
total MSMEs would be there on our platform as an overall basis? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So in total, 1.6 crore GST registered businesses. Typically, about 
5% churn in GST registered businesses at the GST registration, 
cancellation, suspension that you would see. You can verify this 
data from the seven years of GST and six years of GST kind of a 
publication that happens on the official GST website. They also 
publish data by way of turnover Approximately 50% of them are at 
a lower turnover, less than Rs. 40 lakhs turnover, and rest of them 
are higher. About 85% of them are proprietorship, rest of them are 
company and partnership in equal numbers. Out of them, at our 
IndiaMART level, when we look at the seller side of it, almost 50 
lakh businesses with GST identified are registered with their own 
OTP, of the own email on IndiaMART. 
 
Out of that, about half of them or little over half of them have now 
been verified with the GST where they are the true owners of that 
GST number, not only with the matchmaking number. Out of that, 
we now have 2 lakh 20 thousand customers which are live online. 
 
In our lifetime, I think we would have brushed shoulders with more 
than 5 lakh customers in the past 4-5 years or so. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
So, in accordance to that, we have almost 40%. If I consider 16 
million total GST registered MSMEs, we have almost you said 50 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 8 of 20 
lakh MSMEs which are there on the platform, be that paid or non-
paid. So almost 30% - 35% - 40% of the total MSMEs is what we 
have covered. Do you think that right now with this number, we 
have largely penetrated the market on overall basis? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
On the free basis, I would say out of the serviceable, obtainable, or 
what we can say as TOM, instead of TAM, SAM, and SOM. I guess 
we would have gotten to 50% kind of a number. So any incremental 
benefit coming from there is not really adding up. So on the variety 
of products that are available, on the variety of suppliers that are 
available on IndiaMART, I think from the buyer's perspective, they 
fulfil almost 80% of the needs which are required by the buyer, 
whether any particular unique product or unique location.  
 
So almost 80% of the products and location, you will be able to find 
in IndiaMART. So from that perspective, yes, there is a limited 
headroom on increasing more supply in order to get a better 
experience.  
 
However, now there are multiple levers that open up in terms of 
increasing the trust, in terms of increasing the discoverability, in 
terms of  better digitisation and accurate digitisation of those 
products. So there are many levers where supply itself can be 
improved multiple times. However, just by doing multiple numbers 
of the sellers, I don't think it is going to add incrementally very high 
value to the customers. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
So, if the volume growth from a SAM perspective is now limited, 
the other part to grow is through realisation and through value 
added services. But from that perspective as well, we haven't seen 
much happening over there. So from going ahead perspective, 
should we expect that the platform growth would largely come 
from increase in the prices that we see given that as Silver monthly 
customers or Silver annual customers churn persist, in that case, 
eventually the upgradation towards gold and platinum will also 
somewhere slow down.  
 
So how do you think that the growth going ahead in the business 
would be from that perspective? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
You can see, out of our total growth number, when we were at 
upwards of 20%, half of that came from ARPU growth and half of 
that came from customer growth over a longer period of time. 
Currently, since the customer growth is hardly 1 - 2%, so most of 
the growth is coming from ARPU which is growing at 8 - 9%. I 
think until we fix the supplier growth, either directly acquiring 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 9 of 20 
customers through Silver and retaining them and upgrading them 
to gold and platinum or directly acquiring gold and platinum, I 
would say that there is enough headroom. So for example, 
1688.com in China typically has about a million paying suppliers. 
However, they stopped growing total supplier, but they continue to 
grow their revenue at,their revenue at 25% year-on-year with the 
ARPU side of it. We have only recently  in the last 2 - 3years, 
started monetising the category on a differential basis and location 
on a differential basis. 
 
There's a lot of optimisation that can be done over the period, by 
way of better demand supply duration and making sure that 
between us and supplier and the buyer, there is a better distribution 
of margins for each one of them. We continue to think that it is too 
early to completely focus on the ARPU side. However, given the 
organisation size, I think now that we have matured enough 
organisation, with matured enough brand and cash balance, I think 
why should we not be looking at multiple ways of monetising, 
whether it is through credit or whether it is through value added 
services. 
 
So you are right, but currently, let us stay with what you are 
thinking in terms of ARPU and paying supplier, as the main growth 
operator remains the similar rate as you can see. So we'll continue 
to aim for a double-digit growth in the near term. As we continue 
to do multiple experiments on the value-added services as well as 
on the credit facilitation. Until something becomes meaningful 
enough, the reality is that 10% ARPU and 10% dependent on 
paying supplier growth is there. 
 
Anmol Garg: 
And lastly, just wanted to understand that have you seen any impact 
in traffic on the platform coming from, Google or Direct on the 
platform because of new chat-based AI platforms which might be 
used for discovery related aspects. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I don't know if there are significant impact started to happen on our 
kind of website today. So in terms of our traffic, there is so much 
of bot traffic, and there's so much of real traffic, and there's so much 
of agentic traffic. So we stopped reporting on the traffic side of it, 
but when we look at the unique business enquiries and all these, 
they are typically not yet declining anytime soon. So I can't say that 
there's an impact on B2B kind of enquiry have reached to the 
ChatGPTs. I think ChatGPTs are still limited to more consumer 
facing entertainment, infotainment, but I don't think they are yet 
very, very good at the B2B kind of queries. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 10 of 20 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on unique business 
enquiries. This quarter, it declined 1%. Last quarter, also, there was 
a decline, and I think management gave a commentary that due to 
low working days, and more holidays, there were less spent and 
that led to decline last quarter. 
 
But more important point is, that last two quarter, it's been 27 - 28 
million. And even last year, for most of the quarter in FY25 out of 
3, out of 4 quarter, it was 27 - 28 million. So despite of us investing 
so much on performance marketing, why this number is not inching 
up? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Thank you very much. This is a very good question. So if you really 
see the quarter 2, quarter 2 is typically a softer quarter on unique 
business enquiry. But now given the quarter 4, why it is slower? So 
few experiments that we are doing in the last 3 - 4 months is all 
these while we have been trying to improve the trust of the platform 
by putting more verification on the seller side. 
 
We started with mobile verification, email verification, GST 
matchmaking, and now GST verification, bank account 
verification, and things like that. However, the platform is still 
totally free for buyers to come and visit, and also you can put in 
any phone number and start interacting with the platform. 
 
Now as part of our overall trusted ecosystem process, first thing 
was that we started to put about 2 years ago, we started to put 
multiple questions when you are asking for enquiries and if you did 
not submit those question, you still have to skip, skip, skip so that 
we know that at least you have put in 3 times skip or 3 times those 
questions. So that increase the intent of the buyer that whether he 
wanted to actually put in the enquiry for that particular product or 
he was just looking around. Now we are going ahead and also 
saying that  you can maybe make 1 or 2 enquiry without verifying 
yourself. 
 
But if you're trying to make multiple enquiries, please verify your 
phone number through an OTP, please verify your email ID, please 
verify yourself. So we are starting to do more buyer verification 
also, and that is leading to probably 1% of drop in the conversion 
from traffic to this. So this is going to be a little bit of a challenge 
in the medium term. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 11 of 20 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. But, again, like you highlighted, just 1% drop in conversion. 
Even then, it means the overall increase is very limited. That was 
the point. And second, if possible, you can quantify the mix, how 
many of these queries you have acquired to performance 
marketing, if possible, and rest of which are organic? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I don't think I would be able to give you that number because 
performance marketing is very new, and we continue to do a lot of 
experiment because which categories we want to put more budget, 
which categories we want to put less budget, so we continue to do 
a lot of experimentation on that side. Until we reach a Rs. 10 crores 
per quarter continuous number, I won't be able to give you how 
much traffic is coming through organic search, how much traffic is 
coming through direct, how much traffic is coming through 
affiliate, and how much traffic is coming through AdWord or 
Facebook. So there are now multiple channels through which the 
traffic comes, and I can't provide you a split on each one of them. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Got it. The last one on gross addition side. I think two quarters back 
you mentioned that when we increased our prices in August, 
September, that generally it takes 2 quarters for gross addition to 
normalise. So are we seeing that to happen, especially in the month 
of April? If not, when can we expect that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
As I said, I've already answered that question in the previous 
response. So I think it is taking much longer given the geopolitical 
as well as the pricing, because SMEs are really going through a lot 
of pain right now. And this price increase and our sales process and 
the Silver churn, elevated Silver churn is not helping, but we are 
not going back on pricing. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ritvik Agarwal from 3P 
Investments. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Ritvik Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity, so I just have one question. You 
implemented some price hike in Q2 - Q3. Just wanted to understand 
why are we not seeing an uptick in ARPU, not just on the whole 
level, but also on the Silver membership subscribers. The ARPU 
has been pretty much flat. Any reason, any stress there? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
We are seeing uptick in ARPU because here you are seeing a mixed 
ARPU of everybody together. So you will see ARPU uptick in 
times to come because it is only applied to new subscribers signing 
up, not an entire base over a period of time. So every price hike 
takes 1,2,3 years. So any price hike that we would have taken 1 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 12 of 20 
year ago in Trustseal or 2 year ago in the Star supplier or 2 year ago 
in the Silver, is still in the rolling out phase. So both the ARPUs are 
growing consistently whether it is the top 10% ARPU, and if you 
see the ACPU, average collection per user, that will give you some 
better understanding because ARPU is the revenue per user and 
revenue itself is a 18-month moving average. So that is why you 
are not seeing immediate uptick. 
 
Ritvik Agarwal: 
Understood. One more question. Assuming that we have all the 
pressures gone, where do you see the number of suppliers, the paid 
suppliers number can rise ARPU? Any directional sense, any way 
we can grow? How are you seeing it internally basically? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I think I've answered that question, 1688 does about 1 million 
sellers, Justdial does about 0.5 million sellers, we do about 0.25 
million sellers. We still feel that there is at least 2x more 
opportunity from here on. And we need to find a better, further 
improved product market fit for higher frequency of repeat buyers 
so that we are able to retain the sellers at the Silver level. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI 
Securities. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Thanks for taking the question. So this is the first time that we are 
seeing that registered buyers and your active buyers, there is a 
divergence. Registered buyers is up 9% Y-on-Y and active buyers 
is actually down 3% Y-on-Y. Is there any analysis that you have 
done to understand why this happening. Is there a question on 
relevance coming down. 
 
And the second one is about the virtuous loop when you do net adds 
and your buyers also kind of pick up. Now given we are seeing 
negative trends in both is that something that worries you of falling 
into a vicious cycle. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
I could only make out the registered buyer versus active buyers. So 
registered buyers, there are a lot of agentic traffic nowadays 
coming and we continue to deploy armours and other ways so that, 
and that is why we started doing more OTP verification so that 
people writing simple agents to do multiple phone numbers, to 
simply scrape the website or simply send one enquiry or read the 
data. So that is why registered users is also becoming difficult. I 
could not make out what you have said in the second question. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 13 of 20 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
I was talking about the virtuous loop that we used to talk about 
when our net additions were going up steadily and active buyers is 
also going up. Now that both are in a decline. Is there a worry of 
falling into a vicious loop? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Yes, there is definitely a worry of falling into the vicious loop 
because that virtuous cycle where the suppliers were increasing and 
buyers were increasing. Suppliers, we were increasing and buyers 
were increasing because the total Internet size was increasing. Now 
if it has to increase, the buyers have to come more frequently and 
supply side has to become more trustable and more better. So I 
think that's where we have hit a little bit of a saturation point, but 
we are trying our best to find out what will keep bringing the buyers 
with a better frequency and what will keep the sellers with a better 
retention. So I think, this is a typical S curve that you find, it's the 
growth-consolidation. 
 
And in every growth side of it, you will find that this virtuous cycle 
keeps on increasing and improving better and better and better. But 
every time you hit the plateau side of the S curve, you need to 
further scratch the surface to find even better product market. So if 
I can go back in time, earlier we were purely, purely supplier name 
and phone number and e-mail ID listing. And then we became a 
product listing, then we became a product with price listing, then 
we became product with price and specification listing, and then 
we became product with price and specification and photos and 
videos and reviews listing. 
 
So I think every time we improve the supply side better and 
similarly, the verified supplier base and then the GST supplier base, 
I think we need to find one such more lever for us to go to the 
second, I mean, enhanced layer of the S curve and that is where we 
are. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. And just one last question which is on cash 
distribution. We are obviously a cash-based company and we 
generate quite a decent amount of cash. Are you actually thinking 
about changing the payout ratio or doing some sort of larger 
dividend or something on those lines? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So Abhishek, thanks for the question. So we have been pretty 
consistent in distributing the capital back, if you see in the last 
three, four years, we have distributed about 40% to 60% of the cash 
which we have generated. As per the approval from the Board this 
time also, we have gone in the similar trend and had a dividend of 
about Rs. 60 per share. We have taken your suggestion. We'll 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 14 of 20 
probably discuss with the Board again and come back the next year. 
This year, it is Rs. 60 dividend. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So now we will take a question from the chat box. From a strategic 
point of view, what all measures have been taken to improve 
stickiness of suppliers? Secondly, we understand you are facing 
issues in Silver segment. However, just wanted to know if this 
segment churn has always been this high. Has bundled selling of 
accounting softwares helped enhance the stickiness? The question 
is from Mr. Suraj Fatehchandani. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Very good question on the supplier churn. So supplier churn on the 
Silver side has not been this high. On a monthly basis, it was in the 
best ever terms, the Silver annual churn went as low as 2% - 2.5% 
side. So I think we are on an annual basis, around 10% to 15% 
down on the retention numbers. And same is on that monthly side. 
Monthly side used to be 5% to 6%. Now we are running at 7%, 
about 2% per month we have deteriorated. And if you take the 
month-on-month decreasing value, I think 15% lesser retention, 
and this is pre-COVID versus post-COVID. On the Platinum and 
Gold side, I think we have been very similar churn ratio of about 
1% per month, and that hasn't changed. 
 
Second question was the bundling of the accounting software. So 
we are not yet bundling the accounting software. Accounting as a 
segment now has about 2 lakh 25 thousand net paying customers 
currently. However, we have sold 4 lakh licenses. Out of that, there 
are multiple people who were sold before the 2021 time, where we 
didn't have the direct connect with the customer and also the 
software was being sold as a one-time perpetual license software. 
And that segment, now that we are 2 lakh 25 thousand, Busy is also 
2 lakh 25 thousand. In times to come, we will start to see what kind 
of synergetic bundling can we do between Busy and this. But this 
has not yet been done. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Swapnil from JM Financial. Please 
unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I have just one question. This is pertaining to your employee 
expenses. Typically, 4Q is the quarter where employee expenses 
go up meaningfully on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But this time 
around, there has been a decent decline. Any particular reason for 
that? And a related question to that is with the number of 
employees, I think there has been some rationalisation on the 
employees also.  
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 15 of 20 
The second question was like the number of employees that you 
have reported, 6,200 something. It was 6,300 in the previous 
quarter. Is this some kind of a rationalisation exercise? And is it 
linked to the employee expenses going down also in a way? Any 
particular reason for that? And what are the thought process on the 
number of employees going up or going ahead? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
Let me answer the first question. So if you remember, last quarter, 
there was a labour code impact, which we had taken. It was about 
Rs. 8.5 crores if I remember, which we had taken last quarter, and 
that's how it is looking like the expense has reduced. So that is not 
the case. On the employee count, it has reached to 6,200 as we 
speak. There is no rationalisation as such. There are like campus 
hiring, etc., which we do on a periodic basis just to scale up our 
servicing and sales team, but no rationalisation by design as such, 
which we are trying to do. I hope that answers your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Just the continuation of that, like do you plan to add a more number 
of people or do you want to wait and watch for the collections 
growth to come pick up first. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
On the basis of servicing and sales team, what is required, we 
usually hire that. We are already at the level what we require. So 
we don't see any like gap which needs to be bridged at this point of 
time. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So will it be fair to say that you should get some kind of operating 
leverage if you're not adding people on the margin side, at least? 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
No, it is variable. As per the business grows, expenses also grow, 
especially for the employee side. 
 
Avijit Vikram: 
So, now we'll take a question from the chat box. What are the 
updates we can provide on the trends with some of our key investee 
companies in terms of growth, competition, funding scenarios, etc. 
The question is from Mr. Krushi Parekh. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Thanks Krushi for the question. As you know that we started 
investing sometime in 2020 onwards. So in the last 5-6 years, as 
we have invested almost Rs. 750-odd crores across 13 different 
investments primarily in the area of business software, logistics and 
the fintech opportunities that we kind of came across. 
 
So out of 13 investments that we made so far, almost six companies 
have crossed more than Rs. 100 crores in the turnover. So they've 
been kind of doing very well and been kind of growing at a very 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 16 of 20 
reasonable rate that we foresee. So that's like, let's say 50% of the 
investments we have done. 
 
And the other investments are also kind of doing good, or there, but 
these six companies, particularly we hope that probably the next 2-
3 years may go down the more IPO path also. So, that investment 
what we have done is kind of playing out well in line with our own 
thinking that what we had at the time of making these investments.  
 
In the terms of specific  metrics for all those 12, 13 companies you 
would be coming out with the annual report, which may have some 
kind of revenues and the disclosures that you would find. So 
probably I would suggest maybe once you go through it, that you 
may find some metrics working around those companies. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pranaya Jain from Banyan Tree. 
Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Pranaya Jain: 
So, I have three questions. Number one is you mentioned about 
1688, can we also assume that, we'll see ARPU led growth in the 
medium term on a consistent basis? That's question number one. 
Question number two is, can you talk a little more about some of 
the value-added services that you are providing? What are our 
methods of monetising them? 
 
Do we have any plans of getting into fulfilment as well? And the 
last question is on buybacks. So, what are your thoughts on 
buybacks given the change in taxation policies? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So first on the 1688. As I said, 1688 has a million customers and 
ARPU of about $2,000 now. So that makes it about $2 billion in 
revenue. And it has started to become mostly ARPU led growth. 
Even today, they have ARPU and customer both, but I think they 
started doing that when they reached, when they crossed more than 
750 thousand paying sellers. And I believe that given that India 
versus China, manufacturing versus not manufacturing, services 
versus product, we also aim to become at least half a million 
customer in times to come. So I believe that it is too early to be 
purely and purely dependent on our ARPU led growth. 
 
So, we will continue to look for customer led growth as well as 
ARPU led growth in the medium term. And over the time, when 
we are closer to 500 thousand customers, maybe 400 thousand, 
that's when we will start to look at mostly ARPU led growth. But 
currently, we are stuck in a position in the last 2-3 years that it looks 
like that we are mostly doing ARPU led growth.  

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 17 of 20 
 
That coming to the second part of the VAS. So if you compare the 
1688 or Alibaba.com, what portion of the subscription and VAS 
revenue they report? And I mean, what they report as subscription 
and what they report as VAS versus what we report as subscription 
and VAS is slightly different. 
 
If you look at it, all the platinum customers' revenue that they 
report, barring the basic subscription they have, they report it as a 
VAS. So all the search and premium listing and the keyword listing 
and the location targeting, they report it as VAS. When we look at 
them because there's not much of a detailed version available, it's 
only the 2011 version when they were listed as a B2B company 
that was available. So, I guess you should see our top 10% 
customers revenue as typically the VAS revenue which could be 
compared with the Alibaba.com. Having said that, over the last 15 
years or so, Alibaba has matured into multiple revenue items, 
whether it is fulfilment, whether it is lending, whether it is software 
enablement, whether it is payments. 
 
So they have built the entire stack over a period of time, and 
fulfilment is just one of them. So we believe that fulfilment through 
signing or fulfilment through partnering with people like maybe 
Porter, Shiprocket and the likes while trying to build other items 
like payment, we don't need much here in India because Indian 
payment infrastructure is very, very good and we have done 
multiple attempts in the past when it was not good. 
 
On the other value added side, I think we are continuously working 
towards the software value added, which is accounting, lead 
management, AI based seller initiative for lead qualification and 
things like that. So we'll continue to work on that. On the buyback 
versus dividend, I don't think there's much different now. 
 
Jitin Diwan: 
So we had evaluated this in detail, and that's how we came to the 
conclusion for the basis of the amount of dividend to be declared, 
amount of money to be reallocated to shareholders. We decided 
dividend is the right way. So next year, we'll re-evaluate it, and 
we'll come back. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreya Chatterjee from Ageless 
Capital. Please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Thank you for taking my question. I'd like to understand what other 
metrics that you provide in your presentation, do you actually track 
to understand that the RFPs that are provided out by the buyer is 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 18 of 20 
actually closed by the sellers? So are there any close metrics that 
you track that, okay, it will be closed with 80% or 90% fulfilment 
rate? So anything on that? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So there is no definite metric that we have because, we are mostly 
advertising and referral platform. We are not a transaction and 
fulfilment platform. So we are intermediary rather than being a 
marketplace. Now coming to the anecdotal and survey-based thing, 
we send out a survey to all the buyers whose email ID is available 
with us, and almost 60-70% of the buyers will have email ID also 
available.  
 
So in those cases, we send out email after 3 days and after 7 days, 
asking them whether their RFQ was fulfilled or if it was fulfilled, 
whether it was fulfilled through IndiaMART sellers, it was fulfilled 
from outside or if they postponed their requirement. That almost 
2% of the buyers actually respond to those thing and given that our 
9 million unique monthly buyers out of that 6 million of this 
typically have email ID, when we send out to them, about 1.2 lakh 
we end up getting feedback.  
 
And that 1.2 lakh feedback every month that we get, we get to see 
anywhere between 40% to 45% fulfilment confirmed by the buyer. 
However, these are survey figures.  
 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Got it. And secondly, on your product listing side, the number of 
active products has gone up. So are you trying to like focus on 
certain particular categories with this increased product listings? 
And on my first question, you say that you track it on a lag basis, 
like after you send out the mails, then you get to know what was 
the fulfilment rate. But do you want to incorporate some measures 
so that this can also help you to close more leads and that would 
actually get the buyers more interested? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
So earlier we were looking at the payment as one mode towards 
that. Now we try to do it, in a manner where we can fulfil across 
the categories because if we apply anything which is category 
specific fulfilment, that would be too restricted. I think we continue 
to love to be a horizontal platform where items from apparel to 
machinery to raw material. I mean, if you go to one of those slides 
which says end-to-end fulfilment. 
 
So we continue to find levers so that we can actually do transaction 
by transaction tracking, but we haven't found much success on that 
side. Maybe some kind of a financial way or maybe some kind of 
incentivisation, buyer incentivisation and that has been difficult in 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 19 of 20 
any classified business or any intermediary business. So we 
continue to read multiple business models across the world, where 
there could be some innovation, where you would be able to find, 
you would be able to track if the transaction loop closed or not. 
 
On the category side, if you see our paying customer distribution 
in the presentation. Our paying customer distribution in the 
presentation, you will find that industrial plant and machinery, 
construction, electrical equipment, these are some of the top 
industries that we focus on. And mostly in the plant and machinery 
and industrial equipment and electrical equipment. If you typically 
take these four, these four account for almost 30% of the total 
paying suppliers and then there is a long tail of it. 
 
And we are now trying to work on a three-tier architecture of the 
differential pricing where there is a standard pricing which is 
applicable to almost 95% of the categories, 5% of the categories 
are the premium ones, and top 1,000 categories are the super-
premium ones. So that's where we get even better insight on 
category ARPU, buyer demand, seller demand, location wise 
demand and that's where we try to increase category focus even 
better. But given that we are a horizontal across thousands and 
thousands of categories, it is difficult to scale and manage it. Even 
if we are able to manage a few category experts, as soon as you 
expand it to couple of dozen category managers, it becomes 
difficult to manage.  
Hopefully, with the AI coming in, I think a lot of horizontal part 
can be taken care of , and maybe then we can invest only on the 
vertical part of the business where we would be able to focus 
mainly on few categories to be able to disproportionately generate 
better business from them. 
 
You can see, for example, metal, especially, steel is one of the very 
large categories on IndiaMART. You will see simple plant and 
machineries like chapati making machine or chappal making 
machine or donut making machine. Those are very tier-3 kind of a 
buyer, is a very good use case for IndiaMART, lathe machines like 
that. Similarly, you will find industrial shed or industrial flooring, 
colour coated roofing sheets, puff panels. So there is a lot of variety 
of products that you can go into details. And some of them you can 
see on the screen on the end-to-end supply chain also. 
 
Moderator: 
This will be the last question for the day. I will now hand over the 
call to Dinesh Agarwal for his concluding remarks. Over to you. 
 

IndiaMART InterMESH Limited   
April 30, 2026  
Page 20 of 20 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for joining our quarter four and 
FY26 Conference call. We have tried to address your queries in the 
time available. But if you still have questions, please free to contact 
our Investor Relations team. Thank you and Good evening and 
Good night. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of IndiaMART, we thank everyone for joining us on this 
webinar. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
