 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: Apollo Tyres Ltd. 3rd Floor, Areekal Mansion, Panampilly Nagar, Kochi 682036, India 
CIN: L25111KL1972PLC002449, Tel No. + 91 484 4012046, Fax No. +91 484 4012048, Email:investors@apollotyres.com 
ATL/SEC/21  
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
The Secretary,  
BSE Ltd.  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst/ Investor Conference Call 
  
Dear Sirs,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that a Conference Call for the analysts and 
investors to discuss the financial and operational performance of the Company for Q4 FY26 was held 
on May 15, 2026. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid call. The same has also been placed on 
the website of the Company https://corporate.apollotyres.com/investors/ir-updates/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Apollo Tyres Ltd.  
 
 
 
(Seema Thapar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
SEEMA 
THAPAR
Digitally signed by 
SEEMA THAPAR 
Date: 2026.05.18 
17:25:15 +05'30'

Apollo Tyres Limited  
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call  
May 15, 2026 
 
Jay Kale: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Elara Securities, I welcome you 
all for the post Q4 FY'26 Result Conference Call of Apollo Tyres Limited. 
From the management side, we have with us today, Mr Neeraj Kanwar, 
Vice Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr Gaurav Kumar, Chief 
Financial Officer.  
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr Neeraj Kanwar for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. 
, 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you, and a very good afternoon, and thank you for joining us 
today. I welcome you to the Apollo Tyres post results conference call. We 
closed quarter four with a very strong consolidated top-line growth of 
nearly 14% Y-on-Y, and an EBITDA margin of 14.6%. For the full year, 
consol top-line growth was 9% Y-on-Y and EBITDA margin of nearly 14.6%. 
For our Indian Operations in Q4, we saw a strong double-digit growth in 
the replacement and OE markets as compared to last year.  
 
Growth across all product categories has been very encouraging, 
placing us firmly in line with and in some segments ahead of the market 
performance. In Europe Operations, we witnessed a slow, low single-digit 
growth in volumes. Growth in certain international markets was 
impacted by the geopolitical developments in West Asia, which 
continue to create significant uncertainty and add volatility to raw 
materials, to energy and to logistics costs. We are closely monitoring the 
evolving situation and remain focused on responding with agility while 
maintaining disciplined cost controls.  
 
Despite the tough macroeconomic environment, we expect to sustain 
and accelerate top-line growth in India and Europe. Importantly, our 
balance sheet remains very strong, and despite the turbulent macro 
environment witnessed over the last several years, we have continued 
to improve our leverage profile. On a consol level, our net debt to EBITDA 
ratio has significantly improved from 3.2 times multiple to 0.4 times in 2026 
March, providing us with ample financial strength to navigate future 
uncertainties with confidence.  
 
Let me now touch upon some of the  key pillars in the company. Starting 
with R&D, we continue to make steady progress across all segments. In 
passenger vehicle tyres, we secured fresh approval from leading OEMs, 
including BMW, MINI, Genesis, KIA and Mahindra. In replacement as well, 
we introduced upgraded premium products across India and Europe 
Operations.  
 

On the Digital front, we continue to invest in strengthening both 
customer-facing platforms and internal operating capabilities. During 
the quarter, we started the rollout of our new B2B e-commerce platform 
in Europe while continuing work in India to improve customer 
experience, inventory visibility, and service efficiency. We're also scaling 
the use of artificial intelligence across the business functions with several 
initiatives underway in manufacturing, logistics, and customer service to 
drive efficiency and cost optimisation. These efforts have also received 
external recognition with Apollo Tyres being recognised by Amazon Web 
Services as a case study for our use of AI and data technologies.  
 
On the Brand side, the BCCI partnership generated strong momentum, 
further amplified by the ‘Har Safar Mein Dum Hai’ campaign launched 
around the ICCT20 World Cup, which reinforced its position around 
performance, resilience and trust. The campaign was rolled out across 
multiple platforms and markets, strengthening brand connect and 
consumers and enhancing overall brand equity.  
 
Moving to the People pillar, I'm happy to share that Apollo Tyres has been 
recognised as the Top Employer in 2026, with India Operations receiving 
the recognition for the first time, while our European entities continued 
their strong track record. Finally, on Sustainability, remains a key pillar for 
us. During the quarter, our climate targets received validation from the 
Science-Based Targets Initiative, reaffirming our long-term commitment 
towards net zero across the value chain.  
 
As I conclude my opening remarks, I would like to assure that we are 
proactively preparing for emerging challenges and opportunities, and 
I'm confident that our strong fundamentals and strategic direction will 
support long-term value creation across our core markets.  
 
Thank you once again, and I'll hand it over to Gaurav. Thank you.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Neeraj, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
Continuing from Neeraj's update, I'll share a bit more about how our 
operations shaped up last quarter. The consolidated revenue for the 
quarter stood at INR 73.4 billion, reflecting healthy double-digit growth of 
14% plus compared to the same quarter last year. The consolidated 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 10.7 billion, a margin of 14.6% 
compared to 13% in the same period last year.  
 
Coming to the balance sheet, we have been able to further improve our 
leverage ratio, given the focus on cash flows and profitability. The net 
debt to EBITDA for consolidated operations improved from 0.7x at the 
end of last year to 0.4x. Neeraj already mentioned the dramatic 
improvement we had from March 20, when we were at 3x on net debt 
EBITDA to the current levels. Helped by healthy margin performance, our 
consolidated ROCE for FY'26 stood at 13.4%, an improvement of around 
240 basis points compared to FY'25. 

 
As Neeraj mentioned in India, we witnessed a strong high teens, Y-on-Y 
volume growth in both replacement and OE segments. The revenue for 
the quarter was INR 52.4 billion, a growth of 14.3% over the same quarter 
last year and almost 2% over the previous quarter. We had reported a 
record quarter in Q3, and we surpassed the same immediately in this 
quarter. The EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 7.6 billion, a margin of 
14.6% compared to 11.2% in the same period last year.  
 
As indicated earlier, this quarter had significantly higher spends, with the 
activation spends relating to sponsorship of Cricket Jersey, and yet we 
reported the margins that we mentioned at 14.6%. The A&P spends 
would normalise going forward and be slightly higher vis-a-vis the 
previous annual trend in the current and future years, but only slightly 
higher compared to our usual trend.  
 
The net debt to EBITDA for India Operations has significantly improved 
from 1.1x in March '25 to 0.7x at the end of March '26. Additionally, 
following the enactment of the Finance Act 2026, we decided to 
transition to the concessional tax regime effective FY'27. With this 
transition, our applicable tax rate reduces from 34% to 25%, and 
consequently, our deferred tax liabilities have provided a positive net 
impact of almost INR 570 plus crores and has been recognised in the P&L 
during the year as reflected in the net profit.  
 
In terms of outlook, demand remains strong across categories and 
channels, with April already showing equally strong volume growth, and 
we expect the same momentum to continue through Q1. At the same 
time, the geopolitical developments in West Asia have added significant 
volatility to raw material, energy, and logistics costs, which will impact 
margins in near term. We are mitigating this through calibrated price 
increases, and disciplined cost control. Raw material costs are expected 
to rise in high teens on a sequential basis. And we have already 
announced price increases of 6% to 8% for this current quarter. More 
price increases would further be needed.  
 
Coming to Europe, revenue for the quarter was EUR 170 million, down 1% 
Y-on-Y. The market conditions remain muted. While we outperformed the 
market on the passenger car tyre category, truck tyre sales were 
impacted by the supply issues from India. The EBITDA for the quarter 
stood at EUR 25 million, with an improved margin performance of 14.6%, 
compared to 14.3% for the same period last year. In terms of outlook, we 
expect a better growth momentum in Q1. April has already been 
positive for all segments.  
 
As for India, the margins will remain under pressure on account of the 
increased cost as we attempt to offset them through price increases. The 
closure of the Enschede plant production remains on track. And as 
mentioned earlier, we have assessed now the fixed assets at the plant as 

we enter into the last month, and a non-cash write-off of EUR 43 million 
has been taken on the fixed assets this quarter.  
 
The capacity utilisation was at a high of 90% across both our India and 
Europe Operations.  
 
Overall, given the healthy demand outlook, we expect full capacity 
utilisation and therefore will continue to progress on our planned 
expansion initiatives. For FY'27, we have outlined a CapEx of INR 35 billion, 
with nearly 80% towards growth and capacity expansion projects. We 
will continue to monitor the volatile external environment and guide 
operations keeping an eye on cash flows and ROCE. As Neeraj 
mentioned, the balance sheet remains very strong to be able to ride out 
the near-term difficult times.  
 
With this, I would conclude my opening comments. Thank you. We would 
be happy to take your questions.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you, Neeraj and Gaurav. Participants, we will open the floor for 
questions. Anyone who has a question can raise their hand, and I'll 
announce your name, and then you can unmute yourself and go ahead 
with your question. We'll have the first question from Mr Raghunandan. 
Raghu, please unmute your line and go ahead with your question.  
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a 
strong set of numbers.  
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you, Raghu.  
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Firstly, sir, if you can talk about within standalone, how has the total 
volume growth in Q4 and within that, how has exports done? And if you 
can also give some color that within replacement, TBR, PCR, how are you 
seeing the growth trends?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Raghu, as mentioned, for both OE and replacement, the volume 
growth was high teens. Exports were impacted by events through the 
year. So the overseas markets were muted. We had mid-single-digit 
growth in the export volumes and a high teens in both OE and 
replacement. And to your second part of the question, TBR replacement, 
PCR replacement, for this quarter, we had 20% plus growth. OEM, TBR 
20% plus PCR single digit.  
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Sir, given that there has been a lot of focus on A&P spends and market 
activation, and you're seeing the benefits in terms of better growth, can 
you talk about how has been the market share movement in recent 
months and for FY'26 in replacement?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We don't have the official data, Raghu, that is published, or it comes with 
a significant lag. For the full year, we believe we have gained market 

share in TBR replacement and even in TBR overall. Passenger car 
replacement, we would have gained share, not in passenger car OEM. 
But that are our internal estimates.  
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Got it, sir. Good to hear that. And on the export outlook side, for FY'27, 
how do you expect the trend to pan out and which regions, segments, 
how do you focus? How are you thinking about it?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So we will continue to look at this export strategically. A, keeping in mind, 
as I said, our capacity utilisations are at a high. And in certain product 
categories, particularly on truck, we would need capacity allocation 
decisions given the strong demand in India. India and Europe would 
remain priority markets for us because they are the two home markets. 
And then the capacities would be allocated to other geographies. Right 
now, Europe is showing some promising signs. But how the situation pans 
out, given the events of West Asia to be seen, U.S. market is currently 
looking weak as we enter the first month.  
 
Raghunandhan NL:  
Thank you so much, sir. I'll fall back to the queue. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Raghu.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Siddhartha Bera. 
Siddharth, please unmute your line and go ahead with your question.  
 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is on the commodity 
inflation. You mentioned about a mid-teens increase in quarter one. 
Does it factor in the entire cost increase till now? Or do you think there 
can be further cost inflation in quarter two, given the current scenario? 
And also, how much price hike do you need further to pass on the entire 
cost inflation and go back to the earlier margin trends which we were 
operating?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Siddharth, currently, the situation is very volatile, as all of us are 
experiencing in our different industries, et cetera. Mid to high teens is the 
current reality. It can change because the situation, even as we have 
progressed, about a month and a half into the quarter, has kept 
changing. The current estimate is around mid to high teens. We've taken 
about half the price increase that is needed. So at least a couple of more 
rounds of price increases would be needed to negate all the cost push 
that is there. How would Q2 look? Difficult to predict as of now.  
 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Okay. And on the CapEx, you mentioned about INR 35 billion for the 
year. How does it sort of spread out in terms of the India and Europe 
business?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So close to INR 3,000 crores out of the INR 3,500 crores would be in 
India, where we are expanding capacity both in truck and car tyres. In 
Europe, in the Hungary plant, there is only a passenger car tyre 

expansion, which is also already well underway. So the balance would 
be in Europe.  
 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Understood. So last question on the European margins. Now we have sort 
of restructured the plant. So by when do you think we should start seeing 
benefits on the margins with this restructuring, what we have done?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Siddharth, the last day for the Enschede plant would be June 30th, which 
has been a tough, difficult, emotional decision for us. Take about 
another quarter as we stabilise things. So in H2 of FY'27, the positive 
impact of margins as we become more cost competitive for our 
European operations should start flowing in.  
 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot. I'll come back in a queue.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Basudev Banerjee. Please 
unmute your line and go ahead with your question.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Hi, team. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Basudeb. 
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
What is the overall stand-alone volume growth, if I wish to look from a 
sequential basis, specifically it's a seasonally strong quarter for 
commercial vehicles. So just wanted to understand, in a commodity 
inflation scenario, Q-o-Q revenue is up 2%, so what has been the price 
hikes in Q4, volume growth sequentially, and how are you looking at 
price hikes in Q1 and going ahead?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Basudeb, the entire top-line growth of 2% Q4 over Q3 has been 
through volume growth. So the volume growth in Q4 has been 2% on a 
sequential basis. As I mentioned, we have announced price hikes of 6% 
to 8%, of which 3% to 5% have already been implemented in the India 
market, and the others are coming through in May. So two rounds of 
price increase have been announced across product categories.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So, on a blended basis, replacement price hike, overall replacement 
portfolio, you mean 6% blended hike?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
6% to 8%.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Across Q1, in two tranches?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So that should get fully reflected by Q2 for sure?  
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
That's great. And second thing, sir, as usual, you say commodity-wise 
price during Q4, and what is the situation as of today?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So for Q4, the prices and the current situation is very different. Natural 
rubber was at INR 200, synthetic rubber at INR 170, carbon black at INR 
110, and steel cord at INR 155 per kg.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And the same things currently for you?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Current natural rubber prices are at INR 250 a kg. It started, I think, at the 
beginning of the quarter at about INR 220 odd, so it had already gone 
up. I don't have the current prices for each of the materials. Natural 
rubber is a more prominent one, so that one I can tell you what is the 
current price.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure. And as raw-mat basket inflation looks almost 20% at least, so as per 
your internal maths, the 6% to 8% replacement price hike would be good 
enough, or you need something more beyond that if it remains status 
quo, the raw-mat basket?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We would need further price increases, Basudeb, and given how the 
industry implements price increases in small quantums, we would need 
two rounds of price increases.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Beyond the 6% to 8%.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Beyond the 6% to 8%.  
 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Okay, sir. That's good, sir. Thanks.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Basudeb.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Amyn Pirani. Amyn, 
please unmute your line and go ahead with your question.  
 
Amyn Pirani:   
Hi. Am I audible?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Amyn.  
 
Amyn Pirani:   
Thanks for the opportunity. The first question is on the Europe margin. On 
a Y-o-Y  basis, we have seen some improvement. But if I go back to the 
two years prior to that, we are still quite low, even if I compare 4Q to 4Q. 
Obviously, this restructuring is going on and hopefully we should see 
better margins as Hungary ramps up. But what would you attribute it to 
the reason why the margins are because last year 4Q was also lower 
than the previous year 4Q and the year before that. So what is going on 
there if you can help us understand?  

 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure, Amyn. And that's at the core of the decision regarding the 
Enschede Plant. You've correctly pointed out that the 14.3%, 14.6%, etc., 
are lower than our previous few years historical levels which used to be 
a 16% plus. And the reason is that the European market conditions have 
been sluggish, flattish to a negative now for two years running. And in 
that scenario, it has been coupled with continuing high energy costs and 
salary inflations which are much higher than the usual for these Western 
European geographies.  
 
To give you an example, based on the inflation data the last two, three 
years' inflation of salaries in Netherlands was around 12% to 13% instead 
of the usual 4%, 5% compounded. So the factor eating into the margins 
from the previous normalised levels is fundamentally that the top line is 
remaining the same given the market conditions but some of the other 
costs are escalating given the higher inflation. And that sort of brought 
down the margins and in fact forced us into a situation where we had to 
take the tough decision regarding the Enschede plant.  
 
Amyn Pirani:   
Okay, that's helpful. And just coming back to the commodity inflation, 
you mentioned that we should expect the mid to high teens increase 
sequentially in 1Q over 4Q. But would it be fair to say that based on spot 
levels of commodity 2Q could be even higher than where 1Q is?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Fair assumption. Yes. If the situation continues at the current level, and 
we've seen over the 45 odd days in the current quarter that the -- at least 
the natural rubber has kept going up, the crude has sort of fluctuated. 
Yes, so Q2 could -- if nothing changes, Q2 could be marginally higher 
than Q1.  
 
Amyn Pirani:   
Okay. Okay. Understood. Understood. Thanks for this. I'll come back in 
the queue.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Amyn.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Vijay Pandey. Please 
unmute your line and go ahead with your question.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Thank you for taking my question. Am I audible?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, Vijay.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Sir, firstly on Europe, so the commodity inflation there, you will be seeing 
there also the impact. So, I wanted to understand how much price hike 
can we take in Europe, both on the commodity inflation as well as the 
higher energy prices. Have we taken any increase there or how is it?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We've announced a 2% price increase in Europe also, Vijay. Europe, we 
are more a follower given our size relative to some of the global majors. 

So, we follow their pricing actions based on their announcements. You 
need to keep in mind that for the same level of increase of raw material, 
the price increases needed in Europe are smaller. So, if India needs 
almost two-thirds price increase vis-a-vis the raw material basket, Europe 
needs it less than half. But that said, we would need further increases 
even for our European Operations. 
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. Thank you. Secondly, sir, I wanted to understand just on following 
up on the previous question, is it possible for us to go to a 16% EBITDA 
margin in Europe two years down the line in a long-term scenario -- mid 
to long-term scenario or that do you see to be… 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
We definitely believe that in a normalised scenario, we will get back to 
a 16% which was our earlier normal, and in fact, we believe we can even 
surpass that. 
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. One more thing, if you can just let us know the advertising and 
sales and marketing expense. So, how much was it for this quarter in 
terms of as a percentage of sales? And I think generally it's at around 
2.5%. So should we expect this level for '27 also, and what was for this 
quarter?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So the advertisement and sales promotion, which as I mentioned, 
reflected the recent sponsorship of the Jersey and then the activation 
was higher by more than INR 100 crores in terms of usual. So against a 
typical 2% of sales, we were at 4% of sales for the current quarter. I have 
talked about it earlier. Going forward, we would expect, as growth kicks 
in, etc., for it to be around a 2.5% plus of sales. We would move up in a 
longer term trend, but not to the extent what is being seen is in this 
quarter.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. Okay. And so lastly, if I may, can you give us the bifurcation 
between the international rubber and domestic rubber for your raw 
material basket?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There would not be any significant differences, Vijay. I would not have 
that readily because I get the overall basket cost, but typically, the 
domestic rubber growers price it very close to the landed cost of 
overseas rubber. It's a very transparent market. So it's not that there are 
significant differences between the two sources.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. Thank you.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Vijay.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Arvind Sharma. Arvind, 
please unmute your line.  
 
Arvind Sharma:  
Hi. Good evening, sirs, and thank you for taking my question. 

 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Good evening, Arvind.  
 
Arvind Sharma:  
Hi. It's on the pricing environment right now. You did say you've taken 
price hikes and more are underway. Given the cost pressures, raw 
material, as well as energy, how do you see the overall pricing 
environment, including the competitors?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So, Arvind, everybody has announced price increases. Apollo Tyres and 
CEAT are slightly ahead of some of the other peers. So price increases 
have been announced by everybody. There are timing differences and 
there are slight quantum differences.  
 
Arvind Sharma:  
Right, sir. And from here on, like going ahead, since you said there are 
more cost pressures underway and we do see new competitors as well 
as jostle for market share, do you think that the pricing environment 
would remain such or there could be aggressive pricing according to 
your estimates? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
See, right now, given the cost push, the aggressive pricing in terms of 
discounting, I don't think would happen. Aggressive pricing would mean 
delaying price increases, etc. The good side is, A, demand is very strong, 
we are fairly close to our peak capacity utilisation, so that's a plus. And 
the other point, as Neeraj mentioned, the balance sheet is strong, so 
there, yes, near term, there would be margin pressures. Longer term, we 
have always taken the price increases to catch up, as has been 
demonstrated multiple times in the past, and we are seeing good growth 
momentum.  
 
Arvind Sharma:  
Thank you. Thank you, sir. And just quickly, any views on imported tyres 
possibly increasing their presence?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The import of tyre remains at a certain level, there is a little bit more in the 
passenger car tyre category, very little in the truck tyre category. We 
don't see any reason for that increasing dramatically in the near term.  
 
Arvind Sharma:  
Sure, sir. Thank you so much for answering those questions. That's all from 
my side.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Arvind.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Vedant. Please unmute 
your line.  
 
Vedant Kshatriya:  
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to know that you have 
taken like a 6% to 8% price hike, and the overall raw material impact is 
around about mid to high teens. So any sort of other cost levels or any 
sort of other hedges that you have to mitigate these apart from price 
increases?  

 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So Vedant, raw material is our biggest cost basket. Ability to negate that 
completely through other cost levers is limited. That said, everything 
possible is being done to reduce costs, whether it is things like travel costs, 
conferences have been postponed, whatever costs can be not incurred 
currently, given the cost pressures, are being done. But the cost basket 
of raw material versus the others is quite disproportionate.  
 
Vedant Kshatriya:  
Okay. Thank you, sir.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Vedant.  
 
Jay Kale:  
We have the next question from Mr Mumuksh Mandlesha. Please unmute 
your line and go ahead.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
Yeah. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Just on the RM basket, sir, for Q4, 
what were the blended chains, sir? Is it flat, sir?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
For Q4 over Q3 was a 1% increase, Mumuksh.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
Okay, sir. Got it, sir. So just on the Europe inflation part and also the energy 
feed cost, is it possible to quantify what kind of a cost pressure would be 
there in Q1, sir?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
I won't have the numbers on the energy readily. On the raw material 
side, the basket would be going up by about low to mid-teens. Since the 
natural rubber consumption is much lower there, the raw material cost 
inflation would be a little lower in Europe vis-a-vis India Operations.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
In Europe, I mean, going ahead, we are taking a 2% price hike. So are 
you seeing more price hike ahead?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Right now, we haven't seen competition announcing it. There has been 
talk of price increases. We are waiting to see what competition is doing.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
Got it, sir. Just on the OEM side, I just want to understand how much 
would be the lag there in terms of taking price hike and is the prices fully 
being passed on or there is some negotiation to delay the price hikes?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So with a large number of our OEM customers, we follow a pricing 
formula which kicks in with a lag of three months. So the pain would be 
there for three months and then the entire raw material basket cost push 
goes up. But that's not for 100% of the OEMs. In some cases, it's a 
negotiated figure, and that is going on. We have got small price 
increases already, but not enough to counter the raw material cost push.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
Got it. And lastly, on the exports also, how are the price hikes there, sir?  
 

Gaurav Kumar: 
Export market for us, the biggest one is Europe, which is both a home 
market and an export market from India. The other market, for example, 
is U.S., where the demand is weak, but we have still announced increases 
to the tune of mid to high single digits.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
Got it. And sir, here the exports piece, the INR depreciation would also 
support the – negative impact.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct.  
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  
Got it, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much for the opportunity.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you.  
 
Jay Kale:  
We have the next question from Mr Rishi Vora. Please unmute your line.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Hi, Rishi. 
 
Rishi Vora:  
First, just first question on the demand, right? You talked about good 
trends in April and possibly continuing in first quarter. But when we take 
whatever 6%, 8%, 10% price increase, how should we think about 
demand during second half of this financial year, especially in the TBR 
replacement segment on the backdrop that the tyre cost would go up? 
And obviously, there has been a diesel price increase as well that has 
happened and can further go up. So the fleet operators profitability over 
time will get impacted. So how should we think about demand is going 
into second half of FY'27?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Rishi, that would largely depend on the overall GDP growth, etc. And we 
see predictions on that changing. They have been brought down slightly. 
You are right that if the continued inflation, both on the fuel side, tyre, 
and other materials continue, there would be some impact on the 
overall GDP and hence the demand. Currently, in spite of these price 
increases, which April is behind us, and as I mentioned, the demand is as 
strong as what we were seeing in Q4. So the immediate outlook seems 
still continues very strong in spite of all these factors. How the second half 
pans out, right now, things are just too volatile to be able to make any 
definitive statement.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
But in your experience, in this type of inflationary environment, when we 
take price increases, is our customers that price-sensitive in that 
category? Or you think that they'll kind of absorb this hike and demand 
will still be steady, at least from a historical context?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
From a historical context, new vehicle purchases might start getting 
impacted first. If there are goods to be moved, then they will be moved, 
albeit at higher cost. And finally, consumer takes that higher cost 

because the chain keeps passing on that cost. But definitely, people 
tend to first start postponing the new vehicle purchases, whether it's on 
the truck side or the car side.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
Understood. And on the Europe business, this year we did around EUR 
670 million of manufacturing operation revenues. And post the closure of 
Enschede, how should we think about revenue drop that can happen? 
Obviously, I understand some will shift to Hungary, some will shift to India. 
But is there a potential revenue loss which we should factor in going into 
FY'27 that can happen?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There could be a potential revenue loss on only one product category, 
which is the agricultural/  OHT, which was a small capacity that we did 
not manufacture in any of the other plants. And in some of those cases, 
we may lose some of the OE business, which anyway was a loss-making 
business. So it would be a conscious choice. For all the other product 
categories where we had similar production in our other plants, whether 
in Hungary or India, we would have the ability to supply the markets.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
And what would the agri-contribution would be, like 1%, 2% of revenues?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
The agri-contribution overall was about 12% of our revenues. And within 
that, the OE piece would be about half of it. So let's say 5%, 6%.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
Understood. And just last bit on the closure of the plant, is there any cash 
outflow which we should expect in FY'27 or everything has been 
accounted for in '26?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So there would be cash outflow Rishi in FY'27. There's a payout of social 
plan as per the agreement of about EUR 50 million that has already been 
provided for in the earlier quarters. In the exceptional items, there was a 
cash component and non-cash component. So we don't expect a cash 
provision over and above what we've taken.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
It says EUR 50 million of cash outflow will happen in '27.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, that and then there are certain costs linked to that legal costs, etc. 
So there's an overall EUR 55 million plus of cash provision that has already 
been taken.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
And what will be the tax for Europe? 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
About 20%.  
 
Rishi Vora:  
Okay. So blended now would be like 20% for Europe and 25% for India 
going forward.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
That's correct.  
 

Rishi Vora:  
Understood. Thank you and all the best.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Rishi. 
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Joseph. Please unmute 
your line.  
 
Joseph George:  
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have three questions. I'll take them 
one by one. So the first one is, you mentioned that the demand 
environment is extremely strong right now. But if these macro challenges, 
etc. continue, there's a possibility that we might see some slowdown in 
terms of absolute volume growth. And in that context, how much 
flexibility do we have with respect to the large CapEx that we 
announced last quarter, the INR 5,800 cross CapEx? Is it something that 
cannot be pushed out? Or is it somewhat flexible?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
There is some flexibility, Joseph. But as I mentioned, as we saw in Q4, our 
capacity utilisation were already 90%. Through April, we struggled in 
terms of keeping up with the demand. So right now, we would definitely 
be going ahead as per our CapEx plans. If we see slowing down, we 
would have some flexibility for FY'28. FY'27 would largely be committed.  
 
Joseph George:  
Understood. Gaurav, the second question that I had was in relation to 
exports. Now, if you look at the rupee, rather euro-INR rate, that has 
moved very favorably. So in that context, two questions. One is, do we -
- I mean, does the standalone entity get the benefit of the rupee 
depreciation on the exports to Europe, one? And second, in that 
context, India becoming far more low-cost for production. Is there a 
scope for increasing the production in India to cater to the European 
markets?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So under the transfer pricing regulation, Joseph, for our European 
Operations, particularly, India can only retain a fixed margin. So as a step 
a standalone entity, it would not get the benefit. The overall group would 
benefit by the devaluation of the rupee. On your second question, yes, 
definitely, if you see the quantum of capacity increase in Hungary versus 
India are very different. And we will continue to leverage and take 
advantage if the India cost structure becomes even more cost 
competitive for serving not just Europe, but even other export markets.  
 
Joseph George:  
Great. The last question, Gaurav, I have is on the Reifencom revenue 
and EBITDA numbers, if we can share. Thank you.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
So the Reifencom number for this quarter was EUR 40 billion and EBITDA 
just under 2%.  
 
Joseph George:  
Perfect. Thank you. That's all I had. 
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Joseph.  

 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Yash. Please unmute your 
line and go ahead.  
 
Yash Agrawal:  
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Could you share your thoughts on 
market share trends across both TBR and TCR segments, particularly 
across OEM and replacement channels?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yes, as I mentioned earlier, we don't have exact market share. We 
believe we've gained market share in the TBR replacement category in 
the current year. MRF and us would be the two leading players in the TBR 
category overall numbers wise, we should.  
 
Yash Agrawal:  
Yeah, and my second question on was on the channel inventory levels 
across category. How is that shaping up after like strong start to the year?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
In India, there's no marked difference in terms of inventory levels at the 
dealers.  
 
Yash Agrawal:  
Okay, sir. Thank you. That was very helpful.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Yash.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. We have the next question from Mr Vijay. Please unmute your 
line.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Just a follow-up in the presentation you have mentioned for the Europe 
that there is the revenue decline is because of the operating income. I 
just wanted to understand what is that?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Sure. So, Vijay, as I mentioned, we in fact had a volume growth and 
given the raw material trend in Q4, there was a overall price mix. So the 
revenue decline from pure sales, etc., was 1%. The balance 2% which is 
contributing to the 3% overall decline is the other operating income. We 
had received state aid from Hungary/ EU, when we set up the plant. And 
we met all our commitments as of the end March '25. But as those assets 
move to India, the TBR assets, some of that other operating income, 
which was being amortised and accrued, because the benefit was over 
10 years, has to be moved out of Hungary. And that's why you see the 
drop vis-a-vis the similar quarter last year.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. And this will continue for the next three quarters as well, right?  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Yeah, this will come down because the TBR assets are no longer in 
Hungary. It's not a cash impact, because the entire state aid has been 
received. It was to be amortised over a 10-year period, and not just on 
receipt.  
 
Vijay Pandey:  
Okay. Okay. Thank you, and all the best.  

 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you, Vijay.  
 
Jay Kale:  
Thank you. That was the last question. On behalf of Elara Securities, I 
would like to thank the management. Thank you and all the best.  
 
Neeraj Kanwar: 
Thank you.  
 
Gaurav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
