  
 
Biocon Limited 
20th KM, Hosur Road 
Electronic City  
Bangalore 560 100, India 
T 91 80 2808 2808 
F 91 80 2852 3423 
 
CIN : L24234KA1978PLC003417 
 
www.biocon.com  
 
BIO/SECL/TG/2026-27/22 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
To, 
            
 
 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Communication Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code- 532523 
Scrip Symbol- BIOCON 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call Q4 FY26 
 
This is further to our earlier letter dated May 08, 2026, regarding the presentation of Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Call held on May 08, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.biocon.com/investor-
relations/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts/. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Biocon Limited 
 
                  
 
_______________ 
Rajesh U. Shanoy  
Company Secretary and Compliance officer  
ICSI Membership Number: A16328 
 
 
 
 
 
RAJESH 
UMAKANT 
SHANOY
Digitally signed 
by RAJESH 
UMAKANT 
SHANOY 
Date: 2026.05.14 
15:54:43 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Biocon Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript 
May 08th, 2026 

 
 
Speakers and Participants from Biocon Limited  
 
Dr. Kiran Mazumdar Shaw – Executive Chairperson, Biocon Group  
Mr. Shreehas Tambe – Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Kedar Upadhye – Chief Financial Officer, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Anuj Goel – Chief Development Officer, Biocon Limited  
Mr. Matthew Erick – Chief Commercial Officer – Advanced Markets, Biocon Limited  
Ms. Rhonda Duffy - Chief Operating Officer, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Susheel Umesh - Chief Commercial Officer – Emerging Markets, Biocon Limited 
Mr. Amit Kaptain – Head - Global API Commercials & FDF – EM, Biocon Limited  
Mr. Deepak Jain – Chief Finance Officer, Syngene International 
Mr. Prashant Nair – Head Investor Relations, Biocon Limited 
 
 
External Participants during Q&A session 
 
Neha Manpuria – Bank of America Securities India Limited 
Damayanti Kerai –  HSBC Securities and Capital Markets (India) Private Limited 
Sanjay Kohli – Goldstone Capital 
Avnish Burman – Vaikarya Change LLP 
Sidharth Negandhi – CWC Advisors 
Tushar Manudhane – Motilal Oswal Financial Services Ltd 
Imtiaaz Shefuddin – Barclays 
Surya Patra – Phillip Capital (India) Private Limited 
Vishal Manchanda – Systematix Institutional Equities  
Nitin Agarwal – DAM Capital Advisors Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Prepared Remarks Session 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Biocon Limited's Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. If you would like to ask a question, please click on the raise hand option. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Nair from Biocon 
Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Nair. 
Prashant Nair: 
Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Biocon's Fourth 
quarter and full year results for financial year 2026. A press release and the investor presentation relating to today's 
results have been filed with the exchanges and are also available on our website for your reference. 
As a reminder, in fiscal '25, we had certain one-time benefits, including contributions from generic lenalidomide in 
the U.S. and divestment of our India branded formulations business. To enable a like-for-like comparison, we have 
provided adjusted financials, excluding these items in our fact sheet and presentation. 
Let me now introduce the management team on today's call. We are joined by Biocon Chairperson, Dr. Kiran 
Mazumdar-Shaw; Mr. Shreehas Tambe, CEO and Managing Director of Biocon Limited; Mr. Kedar Upadhye, CFO 
of Biocon Limited, along with other senior members of our management team. 
We will begin with opening remarks from Kiran, following which we will open the call for an interactive Q&A session. 
Please note that this call is being recorded. The recording will be made available on our website within a day, and 
the transcript will be shared shortly thereafter. 
Before we begin, I would also want to remind everyone about the safe harbour related to today's call. Comments 
made during the call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks that our business 
faces that could cause our future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed 
or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
And now I would like to hand over the call to Kiran for opening remarks. Over to you, Kiran. 
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw:  
Thank you, Prashant, and good morning, everyone. I would like to start by saying that Q4 marked a strong close 
to an important year for Biocon. We delivered a resilient operating performance despite a very volatile macro 
environment while also completing one of the most significant strategic transitions in our journey. 
The external environment remained challenging throughout the quarter with geopolitical uncertainty continuing to 
impact supply chains, logistics and energy costs. What stands out for me is the way our team stayed focused on 
execution and delivered a good performance, reinforcing the underlying resilience of our business. 

 
I want to particularly acknowledge our team for the way the integration of our biosimilars and generics business 
was concluded seamlessly in under 100 days with no disruption to business operations, customers or patients. It 
reflects the strength of our execution engine and the discipline with which we run this organization. This was a very 
complex organizational and financial undertaking, and it has been delivered with speed, discipline and clarity of 
intent. 
With this, we are now operating as one unified biopharma entity with a stronger balance sheet, improved leverage 
metrics and a more integrated global commercial footprint. As I've said before, this is a value-accretive step that 
creates a simpler, stronger and more efficient operating model, unlocking synergies across our supply chain, 
commercial engine and capital allocation. 
We are now moving from a phase of integration and investment to one focused on execution, operating 
leverage and value creation. 
From a capital and investment perspective, the heavy lifting is largely done and behind us. Over the past 
few years, we have invested materially to build global scale capabilities and capacity, particularly in biosimilars, 
insulins, peptides and complex generics. As we stand today, this major investment phase is substantially complete. 
The emphasis now is on improving utilization, expanding margins and driving steady improvement in return on 
capital employed. 
A key pillar of this transition has been the continued strengthening of our balance sheet. During the year, 
we made further progress on deleveraging and improving financial flexibility. With the buyout of minority 
shareholders in Biocon Biologics and the repayment and refinancing actions already taken, we now have full 
economic ownership of our largest growth engine. Importantly, interest cost savings have begun to accrue, and the 
full annualized benefit will be visible from FY '27, further supporting profitability and cash generation.  
Now let me come to key business developments.  
Now before moving to the financial performance, let me highlight a few business developments that reinforce the 
strategic progress we are making across our portfolio. 
• 
We achieved important product approvals in biosimilars and generics, further strengthening our presence 
in regulated markets.  
• 
We received Health Canada approvals for Bosaya™ and Vevzuo™, our denosumab biosimilars to Prolia® 
and Xgeva®, expanding our footprint in bone health and oncology and adding momentum to this important 
franchise. 
• 
After the close of the quarter, we announced the U.S. commercial launch of Bosaya™ and Aukelso™, our 
denosumab biosimilars in the U.S.  
• 
We also received U.S. FDA approvals for liraglutide during the quarter, covering both diabetes and weight 
management indications.  
Taken together, these developments reflect continued progress in advancing our portfolio across oncology, 
immunology and metabolic diseases, while steadily translating approvals into commercial scale up. 
Let me now walk you through the financial highlights. In Q4 FY '26, the group delivered a biosimilars-led 10% 
year-on-year growth in operating revenue, excluding the onetime bonus of generic lenalidomide in Q4 FY '25.  

 
• 
Biosimilars grew 12% year-on-year. 
• 
Generics, excluding lenalidomide, grew 13% year-on-year  
• 
CRDMO business grew 2% year-on-year. 
EBITDA was at INR1,073 crores with a margin of 23%. Adjusted for generic lenalidomide in the base, this was up 
29% year-on-year. The improvement was primarily driven by favourable revenue mix and operating leverage 
benefits in biosimilars. 
The reported net profit for the quarter before exceptionals was INR179 crores.  
For FY'26, adjusted for generic lenalidomide, operating revenues and EBITDA grew at 13% and 25%, respectively. 
EBITDA margin stood at 22%, which is up around 200 basis points year-on-year on a like-to-like basis.  
Reported net profit for FY '26 before exceptionals stood at INR436 crores. 
I would now like to discuss our business performance in a segmental manner.  
Let me start with biosimilars.  
The biosimilars business enters FY '27 on a strong footing with a broader portfolio, expanding global footprint and 
improving profitability, positioning it well for the next phase of growth. 
In North America,  
• 
Yesintek continued to gain traction in the U.S. market. This is our biosimilar ustekinumab with growth 
supported by expanding formulary coverage and increasing physician confidence. The brand continues 
to build momentum in line with expectations, reinforcing our confidence in its longer-term potential.  
• 
We also made progress with the launches of Bosaya™ and Aukelso™, which are our biosimilars of 
denosumab in the U.S. 
Now moving to Europe, 
• 
During the quarter, we broadened our immunology footprint with the launch of Yesintek® across multiple 
markets, expanded our ophthalmology presence with Yesafili®, which is our biosimilar aflibercept in the 
U.K. and other key countries, and continue to expand our oncology franchise with Abevmy®, which is our 
biosimilar bevacizumab and Ogivri® biosimilar trastuzumab. We also launched Evfraxy®, which is our 
biosimilar denosumab for bone health in Germany.  
• 
On the regulatory front, Swissmedic approved our ustekinumab biosimilar Yesintek® and in the U.K. and 
the MHRA granted approval for the Yesintek® auto-injector, enhancing patient convenience and 
supporting broader uptake. 
Coming to emerging markets,  
• 
Execution during the period was driven by tender wins, new product filings and selective launches across 
priority markets.  
• 
We continue to scale the business through a mix of self-led operations in key countries and partnerships 
in others. 

 
Coming to segment financials,  
• 
Biosimilars revenue for Q4 FY '26 stood at ₹2,756 crores, representing a 12% year-on-year increase, 
driven primarily by advanced markets.  
• 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹720 crores, representing growth of 33% on a year-on-year basis. This 
translates into an EBITDA margin of 26%. Margins in this segment continue to reflect the benefits of 
improved revenue mix as well as operating leverage. 
• 
R&D investments for the quarter stood at 7% of revenues, reaffirming our ongoing commitment to 
innovation and pipeline advancement. 
For FY '26, Biosimilars revenues and EBITDA grew at 16% and 40%, respectively, on a like-to-like basis. 
Now coming to generics  
We secured multiple approvals across key markets led by products in diabesity, oncology and immunology. This 
included liraglutide across the U.S., which is gVictoza® and gSaxenda®, Europe (gVictoza®) and Australia 
(gSaxenda®). 
In addition, we received approval for everolimus tablets in the U.S. and for tacrolimus across Latin American 
markets. 
When it comes to segment financials for generics,  
• 
Revenue stood at ₹847 crores and adjusted for the one-time generic lenalidomide supplies in Q4 of FY 
'25, revenues grew 13% year-on-year, driven by generic liraglutide sales in Europe. 
• 
EBITDA stood at ₹75 crores. EBITDA margins were at 8%, improved nearly 300 basis points over Q3 
of this fiscal, driven by higher volumes and operating leverage.  
• 
For FY '26, adjusted for generic lenalidomide, generic revenues and EBITDA grew 17% and 73% year-
on-year, respectively. 
And now coming to the final part of my presentation, which is our CRDMO business.  
• 
In Q4 FY '26, revenues from operations were at ₹1,037 crores, up 2% year-on-year and up 13% quarter-
on-quarter.  
• 
FY '26 revenue from operations were at ₹3,739 crores, up 3% year-on-year. 
• 
Operating EBITDA margin at 25% for the year was in line with Syngene's revised full year guidance.  
• 
Overall numbers reflected the specific impact from a single large molecule biologics client with the 
underlying business showing steady momentum. 
• 
Syngene completed 14 client and regulatory audits during the quarter, bringing the full year total to 85. It 
also obtained the GCP NABL accreditation during the quarter, reinforcing adherence to globally 
recognized standards for clinical research and data quality. 
Now, I would like to wrap up with my concluding remarks.  
FY '26 marked a pivotal year for Biocon. With the integration complete, the major investment phase behind us and 
the balance sheet significantly strengthened, we have entered the next phase of our journey. Our focus now is 

 
firmly on disciplined execution, driving growth, expanding margins and delivering sustained improvement in return 
on capital.  
As we look ahead to FY '27, we expect to increasingly benefit from the foundations that have been laid with 
performance improving progressively as the year unfolds, especially as our new products scale up meaningfully in 
the second half. 
• 
In Biosimilars, recent launches across markets are beginning to scale, which should support continued 
growth and operating leverage.  
• 
In Generics, the emphasis will be on improving profitability as newer assets stabilize and utilization 
improves. 
• 
And at Syngene, following the challenges seen in FY '26, the focus remains on execution and translating 
recent investments in CRDMO capabilities into more stable performance.  
With a stronger foundation in place, we believe Biocon is well positioned to deliver consistent performance and 
long-term value creation. 
And with that, I now invite questions. 
Q&A Session 
\
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much ma’am. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question 
and answer session. The first question is from Neha Manpuria. Please introduce 
yourself and proceed with your question, ma'am. 
Neha Manpuria: 
This is Neha from Bank of America. Two questions from me. First, on the 
biosimilars revenue, given that we spoke about execution in the opening 
remarks, how should we think about FY '27, FY '28 given we have had some 
launches in the back end of '26. Also, there was an impact of the planned 
shutdown that we took in third quarter and a bunch of launches, but we haven't 
really seen material improvement in biosimilars revenue fourth quarter versus 
second quarter, if that is a comparable number, given we have also seen market 
share increases. So, is it fair to assume that full stabilization of that disruption 
that we saw in the third quarter is not yet done? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Let me answer that Kiran. can I go ahead? Let me respond to that, Neha. I think thank 
you for your question. I think this is important to look at when we did the Q3 last quarter, 
we had indicated like you rightly said that we are slowing down some of these things to 
get ready for a greater supply capability in the coming fiscal. 
 
And I think if you look at the numbers between Q3 and Q4, you have seen a sequential 
change, where we moved from a quarter which was $279 million, $280 million to about 
$300-plus million this quarter. So, there's a sequential growth of 12% that you are 
seeing on a rupee basis in the revenues. So that's the first indication. We're also seeing 

 
the margins stable for the full year basis, which has been consistent. So that's I think 
the first indication that the business has ramped up in the right direction. 
 
The second question that you asked is that how is it from an outlook perspective for '27, 
'28. And while we've not guided specifically on any numbers, I think the fact that we've 
got several products launching in the coming fiscal, which is '27, '28, the ramp-up starts 
moving from the coming financial year in '27, '28 towards the later part of the year. And 
that's why you set yourself up building capacity, increasing scale and that is what you 
will see going through the year. 
 
Last quarter, we also said that Aspart will start seeing a ramp-up which will come in 
towards the second half of the current fiscal year, and you'll see that happen. We've 
publicly stated we have a negotiated settlement date with the originator for our 
aflibercept launch in the United States. And you will see that play out in the coming 
fiscal year. 
 
We've seen tremendous success with our biosimilar ustekinumab, which continues to 
gain market share. And in fact, if you've seen the IQVIA numbers as of February and 
the overall market is close to a fifth already, which is a very strong showing for a product 
which has several competitors there. 
 
Recent news of payers have also shown that we've been able to secure a good 
formulary placement. So, we are quite bullish about how our products are shaping up. 
And we've said that fiscal '27, '28 as we get towards the later part of the year, we'll start 
seeing the ramp-up that we prepared ourselves for in Q3. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Shreehas, I understand you don't want to give specific guidance, but if I were to 
think about fourth quarter FY '27 exit run rate, given the launches that we have, 
what in your mind would be a comfortable number based on the launch pipeline? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
I know that you've asked that question in different ways. But I think the important thing, 
and again, if you go back to what I've said in previous conversations as well, this is not 
a quarter-on-quarter conversation. Look at it on a broader window, if you look at the 
business that we've built over the last 8 quarters or even 4 quarters, you will see a 
substantial shift. 
 
If you see just this year's numbers that we posted on a rupee basis, there has been a 
16% growth over last year. And you've just seen Yesintek, which is our biosimilar 
Stelara starting to show numbers in the P&L. You will start seeing that flow through in 
the second half of fiscal '27 as more products come in. 
 
So, I can only point you towards how we've done in the past, which is a strong showing 
already and then tell you that look at the 4 quarters going forward, which will be a good 
way to see how the business ramps up. 

 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And Kedar, how should we think about deleveraging in fiscal '27 
now that Biocon -- the merger Biocon Biologics is done? And is it fair to assume 
that all of the free cash flow generation that we have would be largely used for 
deleveraging? Any colour there? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, that's true, Neha. I think every dollar that we generate out of free cash, the first 
claim is going to be to reduce debt, and we are pretty serious about it. If you remember 
in March '25, including structured instruments, we had, in fact, more than $1.5 billion of 
net debt. That's down to $1.1 billion now. 
 
So, it will hover between $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion subject to working capital. And free 
cash that we generate hereafter will go towards reduction of net debt, Neha. That's 
right. We also Kiran refer to interest cost reduction. If you remember, first quarter of 
FY’26, we had booked INR280 crores in that quarter. It was trending upwards to INR300 
crores. And from those levels, now we are down to about INR210 crores, INR220 
crores. It will have some currency impact because a large part of our debt is in dollar. 
But in that sense, about INR70 crores, INR75 crores per quarter of interest cost 
reduction is being reflected in the P&L. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Surya Patra. As there is no response, we will move on to the 
next question, which is from Damayanti Kerai. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My first question is again on biosimilars. So first, if you can give a split for FY '26 
sales between developed market and rest of the world. And then if you can 
comment on 2 specific products, aflibercept, where you will be coming soon in 
the market as per your settlement date. So there, we have seen one of the earlier 
entrant going very aggressive in terms of taking market share, etc. So how do 
you see that opportunity? 
 
And second question is on Aspart, which you indicated is a key product for FY 
'27. So, what kind of visibility we have in terms of higher demand or like your 
capability to supply this product to gain meaningful market share from here on? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
I think let me respond to the first one and Kedar can come in. In the past, we've said 
our distribution is pretty diversified between advanced markets and emerging markets. 
If I give you a split, it's been roughly North America at 40%, 35% in Europe and 25% 
emerging markets. You see sometimes a little bit of a shift between North America and 
Europe. 
 
You see sometimes North America slightly higher, but roughly 75%-25% if you're asking 
advanced markets and emerging markets, could be between 78%, 22% in a particular 
quarter, but that's the broad split. Kedar can give any specifics if there's anything. 
 
The other question that you asked in terms of our product launches, as I said, we are 
looking to bring our biosimilar aflibercept branded the Yesafili to the United States in 
the second half of this year. I think what you rightly cited is that there is a biosimilar 

 
today, and it's been quite successful is a very encouraging sign because this is a niche 
product, a specialty one, which is injected in the eyeball. 
 
So, one of the questions around it was will ophthalmologists be comfortable using a 
biosimilar. I think that has been busted that there is comfort in using that and there is a 
willingness to use biosimilars. So, it's paved that path for us given our track record of 
high-quality products, we believe that there will be a significant interest as we move 
forward. So, we feel good about our Yesafili launch and as the product ramps up in 
fiscal '27, we'll be in a position to talk to you more about that. 
 
Other question was related to biosimilar Aspart, insulin Aspart that we talked about. Our 
brand name there is Kirsty. Again, it's a product we've discussed several times with you. 
We see a tremendous opportunity. We've been very careful as it's a chronic product. 
We've said multiple times both for peptides and for insulin that we are very uniquely 
placed as the only company with a biosimilar insulin and a peptide portfolio. 
 
So, we never look at it as a sprint. It's a marathon for us. We have 100% share in certain 
closed door networks that are there in the U.S. already, and we've built our credibility 
there. And we're looking to expand that to the commercial play in the second half of this 
fiscal year '27. So, watch this space, we will keep you posted on how Aspart ramps up 
in the current fiscal year. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And the second question I wanted to ask is on your capital allocation going 
ahead. So, as you mentioned, you are done with majority of investment in capex, 
etc., and focus ahead will be on cash generation. But just wanted to have some 
more color on your focus in R&D. What kind of products you can add on to your 
portfolio, say, 2 to 3 years down the line? And apart from the Malaysia plant, do 
you have any other capex remaining from your end? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
See at the beginning of the conversation, Kiran called out very clearly that we are in a 
space, where capital allocation is largely behind us or capital investments are largely 
behind us. And given that we've now merged the biosimilars business and the generics 
business, it strengthened our balance sheet right away, immediately straight out the 
gate that's happened. 
 
Operating leverage is starting to kick in, which you'll see flow through in the first quarter 
that will come out, you will start seeing it. You heard Kedar talk about the fact that the 
use of proceeds has allowed us to bring in INR300 crores of interest savings over the 
year, which will mean INR75-odd crores per quarter. So, you are seeing a strengthening 
on the P&L. 
 
Now coming to the portfolio side, that allows you to do a lot of other things outside of 
this because you're no longer making investments in capex. You're trying to now see 
how you can get those assets to deliver maximum profitability for you. And that's what 
we've done with the biosimilars business. if you track us, which I know you have for the 
last 3 years, where we're starting to see that play out as operating leverage. And you 

 
will see that in our generics business as well because we have a very strong portfolio 
that we've built in the generics business as well, which is very complementary to our 
biosimilars business. And that will kind of feed off the biosimilars capability we've built 
across several countries. So that is what we expect to do. We consolidate the business 
in the next 4 quarters and set it up for acceleration in the coming fiscal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sanjay Kohli. 
Sanjay Kohli: 
Yes. This is Sanjay from Goldstone Capital. We are a private investment group 
based out of the NCR region. I have a specific question on the reported numbers 
in the income statement, not being able to figure out under the head the items 
that will be reclassified to P&L later. There's a large number of INR760 crores for 
the quarter and then which will be re-classified, and which will not be reclassified 
about INR210 crores. So, what exactly is this? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, Sanjay, if you're referring to what is captured in the other comprehensive income, 
there are some adjustments that you do there, which don't appear in the normal P&L. 
I'll take it offline. Why don't we take it offline Sanjay? 
Sanjay Kohli: 
How do I do that? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Let's get in touch after the call, let's speak and we'll explain. We have full backup. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Avnish Burman. 
Avnish Burman: 
This is Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. Shreehas, sir, just one question for you. In 
March, I think we saw some draft guidelines coming from the FDA, which talked 
about significantly reducing the R&D cost to get like new biosimilars in the 
market. So, I just wanted your opinion on how that impacts, one, Biocon's 
existing products, commercialized products; and second, the pipeline? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Well, thanks, Avnish, for your question. I think you've been tracking this well. We've 
been talking about this for a while where we believe that the FDA, which has led the 
way and it’s saying that do not need a Phase III clinical trial to approve these high-
quality biosimilars. And that has significantly allowed us to do 2 things. One is it has 
reduced the development cost by 50%. It's half the development cost. And it's 
accelerated products from a development standpoint by at least 3 to 4 years, which is 
again cutting down time for products, which can get into market. 
 
The common belief there is that it's lowered the bar to the market, which is incidentally 
not accurate because what has happened is while the clinical Phase III trial requirement 
has been taken away, there has been an expectation of higher comparability standards, 
analytical comparability standards that have been set up, so that you prove before you 
get to the clinical stage that your product is highly similar to the originator drug. 

 
 
So, the companies who've been developing this are clearly at an advantage. While it 
does look attractive to get into this market, and which is why you see also lots of interest 
in this, which is again another thing we've said for a while that biosimilars is the next 
growth area, and you've seen investments happen again with a lot of interest. It does 
give companies like Biocon an advantage given our proven track record in CMC 
comparability and analytical characterization, which will be brought to bear as we go 
forward. 
Avnish Burman: 
So, I understand it being beneficial for Biocon in terms of the products that you 
are still yet to bring in the market. But what about the products where Biocon has 
a good position in the market? I mean, where you are the incumbent and you 
might be facing some incremental challenges in those products? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
We do not see an incremental challenge because the products that we already have 
brought to market. And if you were to look at the products that have been in the market, 
have got a very strong leadership position. If you look at the ones in the U.S., which we 
usually all collectively track on this call, our oncology portfolio, which is in the medical 
benefit space, have fourth of the U.S. market today. And one is to get an approval. The 
other is to be able to reliably supply it. Third is to do it consistently. And fourth is to be 
able to be a reliable partner to the physicians, to the health caregivers and be a reliable 
supplier to the patient who is looking forward to these products. And that takes time. 
Credibility is built over a period of time. 
 
I think we've been fortunate because it is something that we work hard towards being a 
fully integrated player, Avnish, has given a lot of levers to Biocon to operate and be 
successful in this space. So, we do not see a challenge because of this revised 
guideline. In fact, it's advantage Biocon the way I see. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sidharth Negandhi. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
This is Sidharth Negandhi from CWC. A couple of questions. One, could you give 
us an understanding of the constant currency sales in each of the divisions? The 
second one was if you could give us some colour in terms of market shares and 
the $200 million benchmark that you had shared last year. If you could give us an 
update on both of those, the market shares as well as the number of products 
that are above $200 million in biosimilars. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. Maybe I can take that. So Sidharth, the growth numbers in rupees that we have 
reported, if you could roughly take about 3%, 4% out you'll get a dollar number. For 
example, biosimilars, we are saying it's 12% growth year-on-year in this quarter. The 
dollar growth will be about 7% or so. So that's the constant currency number. 
 
In terms of the products that were beyond $200 million, we have done good progress. 
Insulin now has crossed $300 million this year. So that's the bracket that it has crossed 
and that includes Glargine, Aspart, human insulin, DS and DP. So total insulin franchise 
is now beyond $300 million. 

 
 
Adalimumab is now beyond $250 million and Pegfilgrastim, Trastuzumab are hovering 
around $200 million or slightly lower than that. Bevacizumab has crossed $100 million 
now. This is without contribution from U.S. because the launch has just been made. 
And then there are products like etanercept, Yesintek is inching up now. So that's how 
Siddharth the progress on these 4 products that we had spoken last year. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Great. And Kedar, if you could also help with any update on the market shares 
that you had shared last year. And the margin improvement that we are seeing in 
the generics business adjusted for Revlimid, I just wanted to understand, is that 
a function of the change in the API and formulation mix or is there something 
else? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So your first question, Sidharth, was about the biosimilars margin. Sorry, I missed 
that. 
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw: I think he wanted market share. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Market share. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, sorry. So, market shares are steady. I think the oncology market shares are steady 
around 23% to 25%. Glargine market share is also what's reported is about 11% so 
that's fine. And the next question was in terms of generics margins. We had guided for 
the fact that from the first quarter till fourth quarter sequentially, as the sales do inch up, 
there will be a margin improvement. 
 
So, I think quarter 4, you are seeing roughly under 10% EBITDA margin, and that's 
because of both. The overall sales have gone up. So, we have operating leverage 
benefit as the facilities get utilized. And there is a positive product mix as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
This is Tushar from Motilal Oswal. Just on the biosimilars, what could be the 
capacity utilization currently? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Kedar, do you want to take that? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. I think Tushar, it will obviously vary plant by plant. So, there is no one number that 
we could give it to you now. But I think capacities do remain healthy. And like what we 
mentioned last quarter in terms of upgrades, we are getting ready for the growth now. 
 
But there's no one number that we can give. In Malaysia, we now have 2 lines. In 
Bangalore, there are multiple suits as we have been speaking. So, there's no one 
number, but I think utilizations are healthy. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
The direction which I'm trying to get through is that while we have a very robust 
portfolio and subsequent new approvals that might come through. But from a 

 
capacity standpoint, do we really need further capacity expansion, or the current 
capacity would be good enough to drive growth for FY '27, '28 in particular? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So as the Malaysia capacity doubles both for drug substance and drug product, I 
think we are fine there. Plus, we have some external CMOs as well, as you know. And 
in Bangalore, I think there could be minor debottlenecking here and there. But as of 
now, we don't see any need for a large greenfield capex, Tushar. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And this Malaysia doubling, the timeline for this? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
The DP has happened. The Line 2 has is getting qualified as we are speaking and will 
get operational soon. DS, the drug substance doubling will happen towards the end of 
this financial year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So effectively, so for full year '27 compared to what we have in '26, this DP 
Malaysia in particular, is what will drive and some amount of debottlenecking at 
Bangalore from a capacity standpoint is what will drive growth for FY '27. Is that 
the safe assumption? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, and after that as well, correct. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just to complete this point, like considering the earlier commentary in terms 
of product launches largely second half FY '27. So, is it that the first half is going 
to be largely stable, maybe currency benefit is what will drive growth for 
biosimilars business? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
I mean, we don't guide specifically Tushar, but like what Shreehas said, you should 
budget for incremental growth from new launches more towards second half. And yes, 
there will be a currency advantage in the first half. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Just to add to what Kedar said, Tushar, just now you asked about the capacity and then 
the linkage to Aspart, to the Malaysia drug product line that comes on stream this 
quarter. And as you bring products, as I said to the market, this line starts supplying 
product to the market, which is why the ramp-up you will see happen through the year. 
 
And as product moves up, you will see it ramp up towards the later half. That's the 
conversation we are having. The capacities are already invested in, and you will see 
the ramp-up as it grows. It's not like there is no demand or capacity in the beginning. It 
just ramps up because the demand is set up and capacity comes on stream starting 
Q1. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Great, sir. And just lastly to connect on this particular aspect. So, will this require 
reinspection or we are good to go in terms of commercials? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
No, no, we are good to go in commercials. 

 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So that's on biosimilars. On the generics side, just to understand a good amount 
of investments largely behind both in terms of capex as well as product 
development. And now we are scaling up in terms of business without any, let's 
say, a niche product, so to say, how to think about the scale-up of this business 
and subsequently the margin improvement? Maybe if you can just help us 
understand what's the gross margin currently and how the operating leverage 
will play out, let's say, in the coming time? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
I lost the question Kedar. Can you step in. I can step in after that. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, yes. I think, Tushar, the gross margins are in early 40s, and that's two-third API, 
one-third generics, that's kind of a split today. And as you know, the GLP-1 revenues, 
which was about less than 10% of the overall business last year in FY '26, that will scale 
up and multiple launches that we alluded that will scale up. I think Shreehas, the 
question was what's the direction on generics growth and margins? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. So Tushar, I think if you heard the opening remarks that Kiran started with, if you 
want to look at the base business itself, I think that is where you are starting to see 
growth on a sequential basis, which is the first good indicator that you are seeing leaving 
out the exceptional that we saw on lenalidomide. 
 
The focus for us going forward is very clearly going to be on margin improvement 
because we built state-of-the-art facilities. These facilities have now come on stream. 
And as demand ramps up and capacity utilization is there, you will start seeing the 
margin improvements flow through. But the focus is clearly going to be on, on making 
sure that, that operating leverage kicks in the coming quarters. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir that would be supported by a scale-up of existing product or will require new 
approvals to come through? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So, it is a mix of both. Many of these products, the approvals come in ahead of time, 
unlike the biosimilar business, where product approval and launch are fairly close 
depending on the patent negotiations or the patent dance. 
 
The generics portfolio benefits from earlier visibility and hence, we are looking forward 
to launches in the coming years, which is why the capacity investment was done ahead 
of time, allowing us to do a lot more things, which you just referred to the peptide 
portfolio. Biocon would be set up in a very different way, where you have fungibility for 
drug substance for the peptide portfolio as it gets into the fermentation space, which is, 
again, there is hardly any competition there. 
 
And then you have fungibility for the drug product facilities, which have also been set 
up. So as that demand ramps up in the coming quarters and coming years, you will start 
seeing better utilization and a better return on that investment that we made. 

 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. And just lastly, Bevacizumab I missed the sales for FY '26, if you could 
just repeat? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
It's 100 million, Tushar. It's entered in that bracket now. This will be without the 
contribution from U.S. geography. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Imtiaaz Shefuddin. 
Imtiaaz Shefuddin: 
Can you hear me? Yes. This is Imtiaaz Shefuddin from Barclays. A couple of 
questions from me with regards to your U.S. dollar bonds. Would you be able to 
provide some colour on your hedging policy? I know you have currency benefits, 
but any specific hedging policy you have on the U.S. dollar bonds? That's my 
first question. 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. Imtiaaz on the bonds, we don't have to hedge because we have a natural hedge. 
We are largely a dollarized company. So, we have significant dollar cash flows. So, we 
don't hedge our loan book actually. 
Imtiaaz Shefuddin: 
Good, sir. Secondly, also on your U.S. dollar bonds, I mean, your bonds become 
callable from October this year, although at a premium price. But how are you 
thinking on the bonds given that your U.S. dollar bonds are at 6.67% coupon and 
you have talked about a focus on reducing your average cost of debt? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. Imtiaaz, we are tracking the situation. We are happy that bonds are trading at a 
premium. And you must have noted in the last few months, both the rating agencies 
have upgraded the rating. So, we are watching the situation. 
 
I think we have to evaluate whether it makes sense to pay the call premium in the first 
year. There is, as you know, this 50% call premium in the first year, 25% in the next 
year. So that's the 5NC2 structure that we had. So, at this point of time, Imtiaaz, we are 
watching the situation. We are happy with the way things have progressed, and we are 
happy with the upgrades, and the idea will be to continue on this journey. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Surya Patra: 
This is Surya from Phillip Capital. A couple of questions. First, with the ramp-up 
that we are likely to see in the biosimilar portfolio, although we have started 
seeing strong growth in the U.S. business front given the kind of products that 
has been launched during FY '26 and the products like the Eylea that is there 
along with denosumab contribution in the current financial year. So, what is the 
kind of momentum that we would see for the U.S. business? 
 
And what is the likely share of U.S. business in FY '27 versus FY '26? Because 
basically, what we are seeing that, okay, so far, it is the non-U.S. would have 
supported the growth meaningfully. But now there is a strong lever for the U.S. 

 
to perform and really contribute meaningfully to the margins also. So how the 
mix likely to see the shift. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Surya, for your question. And I think this is very important, 2 things that I will say. One 
is in the past, you heard me say that market share is not necessarily the only proxy for 
success. And the other thing that I've said is that market share and ASP has always 
been inversely proportional in a medical benefit product. And we've been very clear 
about making sure that we will grow business profitably. Growth is only when it's 
profitable. 
 
So, we've been very careful as we picked up market shares. The medical benefit 
products that you see today, where we've had fourth of the market, we've focused on 
making sure that that we retained that profitably. 
 
We would be fine if that market share is not the proxy for where we are, but we will grow 
that slowly. The market has examples, where you have tried to gain market share very 
quickly, but then you crash out also very fast because that's how the medical benefit 
space operates because you have a declining average selling price, which is very 
contrary to how the pharmacy benefit space operates. 
 
We can have an offline discussion to walk you through the model. But last quarter when 
we had a conversation on how we are approaching denosumab, which is another 
important asset that we've launched in the U.S. It's branded. Kiran just talked about it 
in our opening remarks, it's branded Bosaya and Aukelso, we will be very careful in 
doing it because one of the brands is in the pharmacy benefit space and the other one 
is in medical benefit. And last quarter, as I was saying, our Chief Commercial Officer, 
Matt Erick, walked the team on the call about our strategy to commercialize them. 
 
So, our focus is always profitable growth and not necessarily market shares. So, we'll 
be very careful in doing that. So, I wouldn't necessarily look at market shares as the 
only proxy for success. Numbers will play out over the year, and you will see them being 
more enduring over a period of time. 
 
So yes, I would advise you to look at that. My guidance would be look at a broader time 
frame rather than trying to look at this as a quarter-on-quarter immediate launch and an 
impact on market share kind of a business. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, any clarity on the exclusivity that it could have for Eylea now? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So, for Eylea, our biosimilar position that we've got, as I said at the beginning, there is 
a biosimilar that is there in the market already. And we've seen encouraging numbers 
from there, which tells us that we can actually commercialize that market very well, 
which is good news. 
 
The second part is we have our terms for negotiation and settlement are confidential. 
And likewise, we wouldn't want to comment on others, but we believe we will be in a 

 
good position when we get out of the gates for the launch in the U.S. As that plays out, 
Surya, you can see it come through, but it wouldn't be fair on my part to comment on 
the terms of the settlement. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. This insulin opportunity has been a kind of market situation in the global 
market given the GLP play and all that. So, this is making us or position us very 
strongly in the insulin side. And the doubling capacity what we are talking of, so 
that is also complementing that story. So hence, now this expanded capacity, 
what we are talking, sir, what is the kind of lever that it is adding to the current 
insulin revenue of around $350-odd million what Kedar just mentioned? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
So again, we've been very clear right from the beginning that we are, in that sense, the 
only insulin company which has a peptides portfolio. And that's something that we've 
heavily indexed on. We've built a very strong insulin franchise globally. 
 
There are several markets. I know we discussed the U.S. and certain European 
countries in this call, but there are several countries in emerging markets, where our 
market shares are in excess of 50%. And we are a very responsible supplier. We've 
continued to grow that franchise. 
 
So, in dollar terms, we've refrained from giving numbers, but we see a very encouraging 
response in terms of how the product has grown, both for the long-acting and the short-
acting insulin or even the recombinant human insulin, which we have constantly 
reminded is a very large requirement in several countries. So, we remain committed, 
Surya. And we made these investments ahead of time. So, you will see us get those 
products to market. It will start playing out in the numbers starting second half of this 
year is our view. 
Surya Patra: 
Last question from my side, sir. So having seen the integration well and also 
having done investment into the generics in advance. So, what should be the 
investment priorities for FY '27 now for you? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
See I think if you heard Kiran in the beginning, most of our investments are behind us, 
Surya. And our focus is always going to be now that you have a strong balance sheet 
and you're looking to have operating leverage that's come in. 
 
The focus is going to be capital allocation at this stage will only focus on how you 
profitably sustainably grow the business. We're not looking at very big-ticket greenfield 
kind of expansion because we don't need it to support the business plan that's going 
forward. 
 
So, focus is now on execution, consolidating the business and walking it through the 
quarters as we bring the business up in a sustainable manner. You will see the EBITDA 
growth that you've seen already in the margin profile improvement. The focus will be to 
sustainably do that on a consistent basis. 

 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. That means capex is likely to subside. 
Shreehas Tambe: 
Yes. We've already said that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
This is Vishal from Systematix. Can you break up your biosimilar sales between 
U.S., emerging U.S., Europe and the rest of world? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, Vishal. For the last 2 quarters, the mix of North America is slightly higher. In the 
past, we have said North America is about 40%, Europe and a little bit of Japan, ANZ 
35% and emerging market 25%. Our hunch is over the long term, that's how it will stay. 
Last 2 quarters, because of prioritization and higher growth, North America is higher, 
and that helps us obviously in the margins. So, let's watch how this pans out. We 
obviously want all 3 geographies to grow equally. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And which would be our largest product as of now within the biosimilar portfolio? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. Within the biosimilars, NorAm led by U.S. is about 46% this quarter. Last quarter, 
it was slightly higher.  
Shreehas Tambe: 
Kedar, I think his question was on products. I think you've given the product piece, I 
guess. Which products? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, yes. So, product-wise, globally, Vishal, we have already spoken the insulin 
franchise, adalimumab. Now we don't break products into geography. That will be too 
much of a granularity, but happy to talk. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
I mean globally, globally, which is your largest biosimilar product? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes, we just spoke about Vishal. Total insulin franchise globally is crossed $300 million. 
Adalimumab globally, again, is beyond $250 million. And then the other 2 key oncology 
assets are a little less than $200 million. Bevacizumab is now $100 million plus. And 
then there is Yesintek, there is etanercept. That's the mix. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
And are we seeing annual price decline in the base portfolio or that is more or 
less flat and if you could share some color on the base business erosion or that 
remains flat? 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. So I think each geography has its own pattern. Europe is usually very steady. And 
North America, because of the strategy that we deployed on the ASP for the last 3 
years, we have not seen much erosion. But yes, I think we should budget for some 
erosion, Vishal. But tough to tell you one specific number because it will vary depending 
upon the product life cycle. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Understood. And just one final one. What percentage of our biosimilar sales is 
manufactured in-house? 

 
Kedar Upadhye: 
Yes. I mean the whole portfolio is in-house, except adalimumab and etanercept, yes. 
And we do take some help from CMOs in the human insulin, but we can come back to 
you with a specific number, Vishal. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nitin Agarwal. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
So, my question is on the insulin business. Can you just give us a sense, you 
talked about you have now the short-acting, long-acting as well as recombinant 
insulin. What is the addressable market globally across these 3 insulin put 
together from a size perspective? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
From a dollar number perspective, I think we can get you the numbers, but it will be 
around at $7 billion, $8 billion overall insulin. RHI is about $1.5 billion globally, and you'll 
see the other 2 be in the region of about $3 billion. 
 
But the fact is that these numbers are not as reported by IQVIA. It changes significantly 
as you get towards the emerging markets and tender businesses. But needless to say, 
it is a significant business with just the originators and a limited number of players. 
 
In the U.S., you have just us, which is a biosimilar insulin. So that's a tremendous 
franchise to be focused on. There are other attractive assets that certain innovators are 
focused on, which interest them. That leaves a very large playing field for Biocon. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And Shreehas, on that account, there have been off late some recent approvals 
with Chinese companies which have come through. How should one think about 
that? In the past, Chinese have had a tendency to disrupt markets. So, do you 
foresee some of those challenges for us in the broader insulin space? 
Shreehas Tambe: 
The first indication of this is that it signals the fact that what we've been saying, and it 
validates that it's an extremely attractive market for people to come in. And we've seen 
certain European companies wanting to enter as well, partnering with other companies 
from China. 
 
And this is clearly what we've been saying. It's a tremendous opportunity. The product 
remains in business in requirement several decades after it's commercialized. There 
are limited players and the product is going to be there forever. So, it kind of validates 
our thesis on insulin. 
 
And again, it also tells you that it takes a long time to develop it unless you're fully 
integrated and have the scale that we've built over decades. Being successful is not 
just having a product or an approval, you need to be consistent, you need to be in a 
position to have fermentation capability, the drug product capability, device capability 
to navigate the IP space. So, it's a long-term commitment, which Biocon has done over 
the decades, and we have accommodated this business. 

 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference back to Mr. Prashant Nair for closing comments. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Prashant Nair: 
Yes. Thanks, Michelle. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. If you have any 
additional questions, please get in touch with the IR team, and we'll be happy to address 
them. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Biocon Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may exit the meeting now. Thank 
you. 
 
-Ends- 
 
 
Note: The contents of this transcript have been edited to improve accuracy and readability 
  
 
