 
30th April 2026  
MHRIL/SE/26-27/13 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: MHRIL 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533088 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 31st March 
2026 
Further to our letters dated 10th April 2026 , 27th April 2026 and in compliance with Regulation 30 read 
with Schedule III, Part A, Para A (15)(b) and other applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“ SEBI Listing Regulations”) please find enclosed herewith 
the transcript of Earnings Conference call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2026 
held on Monday, 27th April 2026, which concluded at 7.03 p.m. (IST). 
In compliance with Regulation 46(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, this intimation and the transcript of 
the aforesaid conference call is also being uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed 
at https://www.clubmahindra.com/investors/stock-exchange-filing/investor-news.  
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
 
Mansi Laheri 
Company Secretary 
Membership No.: A21561 
 
Encl.: a/a 
MANSI SHASHWAT 
LAHERI
Digitally signed by MANSI 
SHASHWAT LAHERI 
Date: 2026.04.30 18:38:26 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ BHAT – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAHINDRA HOLIDAYS & 
RESORTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. VIMAL AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MAHINDRA HOLIDAYS & RESORTS INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need any assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Bhat, MD and CEO. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Manoj Bhat: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q4 and full year FY '26 
Earnings Call. On the call with me today, we have Mr. Vimal Agarwal, our CFO. Our results 
and investor presentations are on the stock exchanges and on our company website, and I hope 
you've had a chance to go through them. 
 
As we start this call, I think for us, F '26 has been a year of transformation for the company on 
multiple perspectives. We had a significant revamp of our offerings and launched a simplified 
privilege-led product portfolio called Keystone, that launch happened in December. This one 
aligns with our vision to scale our core business and establish ourselves as India's largest leisure 
hospitality player. 
 
If I look at the other measure of growth in the business, I think our network expansion continues 
on a good pace. We are expanding inventory while focusing on quality. During the year, we 
added about 900 keys. Our total inventory today is about 6,228 keys. We added 7 managed 
resorts this year, which is same as last year and completed expansions at 5 existing properties. 
This 900 keys is the highest ever in our history that we have added. And I think as we go into F 
'27, we are looking to build on this and we expect more than 1,000 keys to be added in F '27. 
 
During the quarter, we added 3 resorts, Dapoli and then resort in North Goa and Chikkamagalur 
in Karnataka. The other side of the equation is about the ongoing projects. We have 3 ongoing 
greenfield projects, greenfield brownfield projects, and a land bank of almost 500 acres. So we 
have ample opportunity for future expansions. Preconstruction which is design and so on and so 
forth has been initiated for another 5 resorts on these land parcels which should collectively add 
more than 600 keys in the next few years. 
 
The other thing which I want to talk about is the multiyear upgrade of our resorts and I think 
from a timing perspective, we are timing these closures with the nonpeak seasons. We've already 
transformed about 100 keys this year. I think the planned upgrades going into next year, this is 
on the owned resorts, is 300-plus keys in the next year. 
 
The last bit is about we have been talking about letting go of keys, which are suboptimal. During 
the year, we surrendered about 500 keys. And as this will continue into the next 2 or 3 quarters 
as we sharpen the quality of our portfolio. And hopefully, by the end of F '27, we should be 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
largely done with the portfolio rationalization. And I think then the true picture in terms of the 
growth, in terms of inventory will come through. 
 
The other thing which is happening is that these are improving availability meaningfully. I think 
that is driving a strong wave of member upgrades. Upgrade value was up 33% year-on-year, 
which is members who are current members are upgrading to either better duration or better plan 
within the same duration and that is up 33% year-on-year this quarter. We are also seeing robust 
momentum in referral and digital and both these channels now are at about 69% of the total 
customer acquisition compared to 63% in quarter 4 last year. 
 
If you look at the other metric, which we track sales value. Sales value is about INR160 crores, 
which as you know, this doesn't come directly into the P&L. This is amortized over the life of 
the membership. And that is at INR162 crores this quarter. This is a new sales plus upgrades. 
And to me, this number is now starting to grow from this quarter onwards. 
 
If I look at the other metric around premiumization, our AUR is now at INR14 lakhs, if I include 
upgrades. Otherwise, it's about almost close to INR6 lakhs, give or take, on just the new sale 
basis, which is, again, a healthy increase of more than 30% in AUR. So both metrics around 
overall as well as new sales is increasing. 
 
And we had always talked about a very selective approach to member acquisition and focusing 
on the right kind of target segment for our membership. Overall, at a net level, this is including 
cancellations, we added 1,144 new Keystone members. Our overall membership base is roughly 
constant at about 304,000. 
 
The other thing is about our technology journey. I think there are several initiatives across the 
guest journey, where we are using AI and technology. Some of the key examples are that we 
have a digital platform for consistency from a sales perspective. We have implemented a booking 
recommendation engine, which has helped us focus on managing inbound demand for rooms. 
There are some elements of paperless check-ins, which have been implemented and an integrated 
system for capturing customer feedback and improving on how do we become more 
personalized and more focused based on the data we have on most of our customer behaviors. 
 
So I think this is helping us create more engaging and curated experiences for our guests. The 
other thing is all of these have led to a strong utilization of above 80% and double-digit resort 
revenue growth this quarter. The other thing I must mention is despite the ongoing LPG crisis, 
which has impacted some of the industry on the ability to serve customers on the F&B front, we 
were able to provide that all of the menu options with minimal disruption and this was because 
of our long-standing commitment to sustainability, and we had invested in electrification and 
solar power in many of our resorts. 
 
And I think we had accelerated these efforts also early into the crisis. And to me, I'm very happy 
to say that we have the ability to swing across fuel types and sources of energy and continue to 
deliver our offerings without any disruptions and interruptions. So that's something which was 
an event which happened and we are able to respond very, very quickly. 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
On the numbers, I think while Vimal will talk more, the stand-alone profit, excluding one-offs, 
grew 22% year-on-year and a margin expansion of 220 basis points. I will also touch upon our 
European subsidiary. And there, I think we did see some impact because of weather conditions 
in Finland. There was no snow in 1.5 months or so. And that impacted people coming in as well 
as we saw some early summer come through. 
 
The other thing which happened during the quarter is, overall, from a credit perspective, I think 
there were some rejections, which were very high on some of the new sales. Now we are 
onboarding other banks and other partners, which should rectify that situation as we go along. 
 
To conclude for the quarter, I think we have made very good progress on our India business. 
And I think we are in the right direction. But if I look at the European business, I think there is 
a set of initiatives, which we have to work upon in the coming year to actually look at 
improvements there. 
 
The last point is more in the stand-alone books again, recognizing the various geopolitical 
situations and the economic situation in Finland. We took an impairment in our stand-alone 
books of about INR234 crores. This is obviously a one-off. With that, the current holding value 
of the business in the India books is now 0. And this only impacts stand-alone and does not 
impact consolidated. 
 
With that, I'll ask Vimal to expand a bit more on the numbers. Thank you. 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Thank you, Manoj, and hi, good evening, everyone. I'll get into details so far as financials are 
concerned, let me first call out MHRIL stand-alone Q4 highlights. Our total income was INR407 
crores. Within that, operating income was up 4.3% and resort income grew by about 
11%,EBITDA was INR142 crores, which again was up 8% on a Y-o-Y basis, and our EBITDA 
margin also expanded by more than 180 bps to 34.9%. 
 
This quarter, we have taken an impairment charge, as Manoj mentioned, of INR234 crores 
towards equity investment in Mauritius entity, driven by HCRO business outlook. Excluding 
this one-off charge, our PAT was at INR55.4 crores. 
 
Our cash position continues to be healthy at about INR1,446 crores as on 31st March 2026. So 
far as consolidated Q4 highlights are concerned, our income was at INR844 crores, up by about 
5% Y-o-Y basis, and the EBITDA was INR221 crores with an EBITDA margin of 26.2%. PAT 
was at INR41.5 crores including forex impact. Excluding one-off impact, Q4 consol PAT stands 
at INR52.3 crores. 
 
Moving on to full year financial performance. At a stand-alone level, total income is INR1,613 
crores, up 4%. Resort income grew by 12% on a Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA for full year was 36.7% 
versus 31.8% in F'25, an improvement of 5 percentage points. Reported PAT for full year was 
INR5 crores. However, if we exclude the one-off charges, then our PAT was INR240 crores 
plus, which is up 22% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
At consolidated full year level, despite our international operations impacted by geopolitical 
headwinds, a slowdown in Finnish economy and adverse weather condition during the year, 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
profit excluding one-off remained stable. Our total reported PAT for F '26 was INR67 crores. 
However, if we exclude one-off items primarily Labor Code and forex movement, the PAT will 
be INR136 crores for F'26 versus INR126 crores in FY '25. PAT, excluding one-off, grew by 
about 2% versus last year. 
 
These were the few key numbers on the financials. I request if you can open the floor for the 
discussion, please. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Dipak Saha from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  
Dipak Saha: 
Congrats on good set of execution on the stand-alone side. Sir, my first question is when I look 
at your numbers, especially on the resort occupancy side, I mean, in a challenging quarter like 
this when we had so many geopolitical implications. So what is heartening to see 82% kind of 
occupancy? 
 
But what we understood during the quarter on the luxury side, leisure side, there have been quite 
meaningful cancellations. So just trying to -- because of this war environment. Just trying to 
understand, is it like our dependency on foreign guests is less or we executed the quarter well 
despite having foreign dependency, which led to 82% kind of an occupancy? Just a few thoughts 
on that. 
Manoj Bhat: 
So Deepak, first of all, I think our dependency is less on foreign guests. So if I look at our foreign 
guest impact, it is a very, very small number during the quarter. And so compared to probably 
some of the others in the industry, that's one thing in our model, which is largely domestic 
because of the occupancy being led by members. And typically, what we have seen is that we 
have been hovering at high occupancies for both members and non-members put together. And 
that's something which is in a way, I would say, I think a feature of the model. 
 
And that is -- and this one is actually on the increased room count, if you compare it to some of 
the previous quarters. So in that sense, it is absolute value terms, it is probably something which 
we are inherently in our model. And the last one is that, obviously, we are seeing a shift from 
member to non-member. Non-member occupancy also continues to show steady growth as we 
look at the occupancy stats. 
Dipak Saha: 
Got it. It is very heartening to know. And another thing is, last couple of -- I mean, the last 3, 4 
quarters, we have seen consistent expansion in EBITDA margin on the stand-alone side, driven 
by a reduction in marketing and rental other expenses. So going ahead since you have already 
capitalized on marketing side and rental side and other expenses, so how should we think of 
going ahead, will this expansion continue? Or will we be entering into more of a stabilization 
phase as far as margins are concerned on the stand-alone side? 
Manoj Bhat: 
Yes. So firstly, clarifying on what drove this improvement. I think there were multiple measures 
around cost of acquisition for sure. We also looked at our practices on collection cost overall, 
and that has helped. So I think there are multiple drivers there. I think as we look into the future, 
some of the easier ones in terms of getting the benefits are lower. But I think if you look at how 
we are looking at the next 12 months, I think the combination of continued focus and bringing 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
down overall acquisition costs as well as increase in resort revenues, will contribute positively 
to margins. 
 
The only factor I would say as you look at F '27 is our treasury income could potentially drop 
because as we do spend on capex, and this I have probably mentioned earlier also, as we look 
into F '27. So our operating side of the profit, we do expect the trajectory to continue. Now all 
this is given the current conditions. If anything changes in terms of potentially the long-term 
impacts on India, which at least we are not seeing at this point, that could change, but that's the 
way to think of how profits going forward. 
Dipak Saha: 
Got it. And on the new subscription that we launched that was our Keystone package. Last 
quarter, I understand we had limited period, this was the full first quarter in terms of the feedback 
and the response that you were getting. So earlier, my understanding is we saw kind of 15%, 
20% increase in AUR driven by Keystone. Now this quarter, what was the effect in terms of -- 
what are the effects in terms of incremental benefit coming from Keystone and changes in 
upgrades? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So if you look at just new sales AUR, I think new sales AUR has jumped up roughly 30%. So 
it's holding that number, which we had mentioned in December. So that's something which is 
happening. And that is led by a couple of things. So one is potentially we are seeing more of the 
10-year product selling, then  the mix for us, the largest product was the 5-year product.  
 
Now the largest product is the 10-year product. And so that has helped overall AUR. And there 
are other such changes, but I'll wait for some more time because this is just the first 3 months, 
but clearly trending in the right direction and holding that improvement in AUR. 
Dipak Saha: 
Got it. Just 1 last question before I... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Saha, may we please request you to rejoin the queue, sir. Next question 
is from the line of Jayant Parasramka from 3PIM. 
Jayant Parasramka: 
Am I audible? 
Manoj Bhat: 
Yes, We can hear you. 
Jayant Parasramka: 
Just a couple of questions. Just going back to our Vision Day statement of tripling our revenue 
over the decade. Just trying to understand the growth implications from here going forward. If I 
just do a back of the envelope calculation, it implies around 17%, 18% revenue growth. Given 
the member addition has been quite stable. It's been around 1%. So from a revenue growth point 
of view, how should we think over the next 3, 4 years, what will drive revenue growth for the 
company going forward? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So first of all, we had said 3x during the decade. So the baseline, I don't know whether that 
corresponds to 17%. So I think it will be my calculation, if I remember correctly, it will be low 
teens kind of number in India. And we had built something in Finland. So that's how we had 
reached that number. If I remember correctly, I don't have -- but it won't be in the 17%, 18% 
range. 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
However, on the profit side, I think we had said that, that's something which might be a slightly 
higher number as we go forward from point to point. So what we had said was that in the initial 
period, maybe treasury income falls. But as we shift the model, I think we would see that point-
to-point profit growth would be very healthy going forward. I think that's the broad structure we 
had talked about. 
Jayant Parasramka: 
Sure, sure. Just following up on that because the point on the stand-alone business being that 
VO income and ASF income is mostly linked to member addition. And resort income, I believe, 
is the one where you have a benefit of both FITs and non-members and members. So how should 
I  think over the next couple of years since our member to inventory room ratio is now below 
52. How do you think that will grow over the next couple of years and potentially by FY '30, 
how should we think about that? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So the way to think about it is a large proportion of incremental growth given -- so let me kind 
of recap what we said, right? So we said that we are focused on getting higher quality members 
with higher AUR. I think  we are coming off a base of much higher member addition. So we are 
seeing that kind of slowdown, which is happening in terms of the revenue growth from 
membership and ASF. The incremental growth which we were talking about was really looking 
at how do we get to more resort revenue as you correctly said. 
 
And within that, I think there will be a non-member revenue push, which will happen because 
considering that we are keeping aggregate membership flattish, I think our member to room ratio 
will continue to improve. So there will be aggregate availability for members as well as non-
members. And that will then reach to the number where we feel that the growth will come in 
from that direction. 
 
From a utilization perspective because that's the other thing which I've got asked many times. 
This quarter, we are able to showcase that utilization we are able to manage at 80.7% or 81%. 
So I think so what's happening is even as the member to room ratio is now 50, I think the 
utilization slack is being picked up by the non-member revenue streams. And so that's the way 
to think of this kind of growth buildup. 
Jayant Parasramka: 
Sure. Just one last question on the HCRO business. I know we've taken an impairment hit, any 
views around the same on FY '27? What are our views around this? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So Jayant, I think, see, obviously, there was an element of somewhat below par quarter because 
of, I think, the vagaries mostly around the weather and some of the credit conditions changing. 
And what's happening is if you look at Finland, I think given the slowdown, we are actually 
seeing that people are tending to save more rather than spend. So I think - the big surprise is 
actually the weather because and that's specifically in Finland, in fact, our Canaries and Sweden 
operations continue to do better than last year. 
 
The other thing is if I look at -- as we look at F '27, I think there are multiple things which we 
are looking at. So one is, of course, the credit situation. We are onboarding new partners, which 
should actually help in terms of conversion of sales because I think what's happening is quite a 
few people are not getting loans  to buy the product. And as you know, some of these economies, 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
they do depend on credit. And that's something we are onboarding new partners that should 
happen in Q1, Q2. 
 
The other thing is about really thinking about how do we optimize in terms of the cost. And then 
clearly, I think this is the year we might start looking at longer-term strategic options for the 
business, and that's a more longer-term kind of solution. But that's what we are focused on right 
now. And I think needless to say, any situation change in whether it's the Ukraine war and 
currently what's happening geopolitically will be positive for Finland, but I'm not kind of 
building that into anything I say right now. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreyans Gathani from SG Securities. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
I had a few questions. So the first one is on the AUR that we saw. The rise that you saw in AUR. 
Is that -- so a lot of it pretty much comes from the upgrades. So I'm trying to understand, how 
much of juice do we have left in there? Or was this quarter like a one-off because of the Keystone 
launch and pretty much a lot of people -- like sort of a front-loading kind of an effect and that 
will taper off as time passes, if you could just give some sense on that? Or how long do you see 
these upgrades continuing in terms of the population that we have eligible for upgrades? 
Manoj Bhat: 
That's a great question, Shreyans. So I think I would say that we have also been positively 
surprised by the adoption of Keystone by our current member base because that's what these 
upgrades are. And I think what we have heard is that the simplified because we have eliminated 
a lot of rule sets. We have offered breakfast as a standard offering because that used to be one 
of the requests. We have introduced a concierge service. So many of those things are finding a 
lot of resonance. And to me, that's something which is a very good sign. 
 
So that  and as you rightly said, that is contributing to the so that's why I gave the other number. 
If I remove upgrades also, our base new AUR is also up 30% and that also is a very good sign, 
right? So we are actually seeing both the engines firing. I do feel that based on whatever we are 
hearing and seeing from the resorts because a lot of these upgrades happen at the resorts. I think 
the momentum ideally should continue unless, of course, there are events which happen, but I 
think that's what I would bet on. 
 
So if you look at the last 4 quarters, I think it's been a consistent trend that upgrades were in Q1, 
about INR56 crores. And in Q4, they are about INR93 crores. And so it's been a constant journey 
of upgrades going up. And I think given that we have more options now, so we are giving season, 
room size and tenure all as options for upgrades, it is giving the customers to choose what is the 
right product for them. And that is also contributing positively to upgrades. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. Got it. That's helpful. So my second question was on the resort revenue. We've seen like 
a pickup even though we've seen like a stagnant occupancy as such. So like I'm just trying to 
understand, we break it down into like F&B, wine and liquor and then room rentals, how much 
of this comes from the F&B, wine and liquor section versus the room rentals because room 
rentals would pretty much contribute like to the backfilling the occupancy that has opened up 
due to the members, right? So like if the F&B and the wine breakup, if that is available, like in 
terms of growth, that would be helpful? 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Manoj Bhat: 
So I mean, this kind of growth is probably has to be driven by room revenues itself. So the way 
to think of it is we have expanded capacity and  on that expanded capacity, there are two things 
happening. One is a member probably given that we are flattish on members, the absolute 
member occupancy in terms of room nights is the same. And so actually, as a percentage, it is 
declining. And that is being picked up by non-member, and that is contributing to room revenue 
growth and that then translates into F&B and other growth. 
 
The predominant component is room revenue. And I think we are optimizing across both 
member and non-member segments using a combination of technology as well as resort wise 
kind of trends around what has been the historical member preference, and that's working for 
now. And that's something which will continue to evolve. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. Got it. So just following up on that. We're looking at just like lower member additions as 
we've passed through this year. And then most of the marketing and customer acquisition 
expenses are put in the other expenses line item. But that if I compare with March last year, just 
pretty much the same INR162 crores versus INR160 crores on the stand-alone. So where are we 
like in terms of customer acquisition costs, like what is holding the other expenses constant, I 
would have expected some benefit over there in terms of lower marketing costs for like lower 
number of customers that you're adding now? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So I think on marketing costs, there are 2, 3 things. So there was a Keystone launch. So of course, 
there were some expenses towards that, which we did, which has come in very small amount 
probably in Q3 and then some amounts in Q4. I thinkso that's one factor. But more importantly, 
the philosophy here as we go forward. 
 
And that's what I said is focusing on the metric of COA and not absolute cost, which means that 
I think we do expect at a gross level, given that we have the new product andwhat is the response 
of the market, we do expect scaling up member additions, not to the extent from the previous 
year, but definitely compared to what is happening in the last 2 quarters, and that should 
contribute to a percentage COA. Because the idea is that how do you continue optimizing from 
a percentage perspective and not so much from an absolute perspective. 
Shreyans Gathani: 
Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. And sir, last question... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Gathani, may we please request you to rejoin the queue, sir. Thank you. 
Next question is from the line of Nandan Madhiwalla from East72 Capital. 
Nandan Madhiwalla: 
So I just wanted to understand, as non-member revenue is expected to probably do better given 
that we are adding so much room inventory. What is the channels that we will look to sell that 
inventory through? Is it the same? Or are you looking to do more on that front? And if you can 
give some color on that? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So the channels are very different, right? So if you look at how do we think about non-member 
channels. I think, obviously, there are the travel agents, whether online or offline, then there is 
corporate as a channel. And then there is the social and wedding and then there is the website, 
which we are developing right now as another thing. So I think -- so they are very different and 
mutually exclusive channels which we are developing. 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
So there is no connection between the channel which sells memberships and the channel which 
sells FIT except maybe at the corporate level, where there are some unified products for 
corporates, which could incorporate. For example, we have a product which allows corporates 
to buy points in bulk and then distribute as rewards and recognition to their employees. So those 
could be common, but otherwise, it's all separate. 
Nandan Madhiwalla: 
So are we looking to go sort of the traditional direct route as well given that if adding 1,000 
rooms, we are sort of creating space for 52,000 members which obviously looks like a tall order. 
So the percentage will move towards non-member, and we might have to have more aggressive 
marketing on that front as well, right? That's where I'm sort of coming from. 
Manoj Bhat: 
So - clearly, that's the direction we are going in terms of ,so that's number one. Number two, as 
we look at F '27, there is a spend which we will do on relaunching the Club M brand. And I think 
what we are doing now is actually putting together a campaign, which allows that thing to happen 
in terms of  and the timing could be maybe about Q2 or Q3. And so that will then incorporate 
some of the brand-related expenses for both channels because I think it's more focused on the 
entire relaunch of the Club Mahindra brand. 
 
And that's something which I think you will see an increase, a reasonable increase in both those 
quarters as we spend on the full plethora of marketing activities. Currently, also, we are incurring 
marketing costs on FIT as well as on member sales, and  some of that is already in the baseline 
numbers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private Limited. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have 2 questions. My first question to Mr. Bhat is I just want to understand how do you plan 
to derisk international operations, given forex volatility and demand headwinds in Europe? And 
what measurable outcomes do you expect from digital initiatives like Keystone in terms of 
member engagement and retention? That's my first question. I'll ask my second question after 
this. 
Manoj Bhat: 
So those are two questions, Sucrit, so I'll try to answer them in 2 parts. So the first one is, as I 
said, on international operations, there is a set of activities around credit availability, which we 
are trying to address through more partnerships. There is obviously, from a overall perspective, 
I think we are looking to see how we can really focus more on some of the areas where these 
challenges are not so severe, for example, there's Sweden, there is Canaries. But as I said, the 
sentiment there is not so positive and that's something which we will have to look at. 
 
In terms of derisking, of course, on the cost side, there are initiatives which we are taking, which 
will minimize the impact of any adverse and that's something which will come through the 
course of the year. And lastly, I think from a forex perspective, I think we are currently carrying 
a net liability exposure on the euro. And at least from a perspective of some measures around 
how do we think about it. I think those could be actions which will be planned in the course of 
this year. 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
And to me, the current call is that a large portion of the euro appreciation against the rupee is 
already in the numbers. So I think the current view is that it might not be something which might 
be a sharp movement, but we are ready to react if any such movement comes in the coming year. 
 
On your second question around digital initiatives and how does it really impact from a member 
engagement perspective and then specifically on Keystone, I think I would, again, bunch it into 
two. If I look at Keystone, for example, today, we are offering digital upgrades, which are 
completely with 0 intervention, right? So if you're a non Keystone member, you can actually go 
to our website and potentially upgrade yourself. And  today, it's a very small portion. I would 
think it is probably maybe 3% to 4% today. 
 
But that's something which we are actually encouraging members because the plan is much, 
much simpler, and we feel that, that might be a way to engage. Second is, I think from a new 
sales perspective, given that it's a new launch, I think the entire sales engine is still probably 
getting familiar with the way to think about the product because one of the things we are seeing 
is that we are engaging with a little bit of a different target segment. And typically, what we are 
seeing is that the conversion times compared to the older product is a little bit longer. 
 
I think so it's a mixed thing between probably a lot of focus on training and familiarity from a 
sales perspective as well as a customer familiarity because, for example, even if I look at our 
referral channel, a lot of members are saying that they want to first understand the product before 
they refer someone. So these are all the launch stages. I think we had expected some of this to 
happen. And I think those will start settling in. 
 
I think on the other side for engagement, I think there is a lot we are doing. For example, I spoke 
about in my opening statement that today, we have an integrated view of the customer using an 
AI sentiment meter. And what it does is all interactions across multiple channels is now available 
in a single place and available to the front office in the resorts and also to all the agents who -- 
and potentially, we are creating it for the salespeople also. So all 3 will have probably a sentiment 
meter for the customer. And so our ability to personalize offerings. 
 
This we launched in December, so it's about 3 months, 4 months. And I think the rollout is 
happening as we speak. And to me, that's going to be the core of our tech-enabled engagement 
for customers at various touch points. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My final question to Mr. Agarwal is with cash reserves exceeding about I think INR1,400 crores, 
how is capital allocation being planned between new resort development, debt reduction and 
shareholder returns? I want to understand your plan of action on it. 
Vimal Agarwal: 
So fundamentally, INR1,500 crores, which we have got, we do have a plan in place to ensure 
that we are deploying it for the right priorities. And when I say priorities, there are 3, 4 things 
which are at front and center. One is the overall customer experience and therefore, resorts where 
we can get into transformation or renovation which leads to better customer experience and 
feedback is something which we are prioritizing. On a very small base of about 100 rooms 
transformation or renovation which we did, we do have plans to invest or move that number at 
least by, say, 3x in F '27. That's one. 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
The second one is that we have 2 resorts right now where significant investments are going on. 
One is in Theog, which is Himachal, the second one is Ganpatipule, which is Maharashtra. Both 
these resorts are at a decent stage of construction. Ganpatipule should we should be going live 
by quarter 3 of this year. 
 
Apart from this, so we do have about 4 or 5 land parcels where the room keys will be about 600 
plus. We are right now at either approval stage or predesign or design stage. So all these will get 
into construction phase very soon. Apart from it, there are critical land acquisitions. You would 
have seen one announcement today of we acquiring about 50 acres land parcel in 
Chikkamagalur. And the whole idea is to get to the right locations by investing where we believe 
that it will lead to a long-term say, operating margin accretive investments, that's the key priority 
right now. 
 
So far as our international part is concerned, we do have some leverage. But as of now, we don't 
have any plans to sort of infuse for the equity in the short run, at least. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhvaneet Savla from Savla Family Office. 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had 2 questions. First is on the HCRO business. I 
see that we have a very prolonged time since we have been facing challenges in this business. 
So how confident are we that you can turn this around? And secondly that the impact of this 
business on our books is huge. So I was just trying to understand that how should we look at it 
in terms of both revenue as well as PAT, okay? 
 
Secondly, on the India business, I wanted to know so much of cash balance and we are trying to 
deploy it. But how do we go about actually looking at it at which of the properties or which are 
the land parcels are actually going to give operating margin accretive to us? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So let me take the second question first. I think if you look at all the land parcels we have, I think 
many of them have been acquired a long time back. So from a cost perspective, it's a minimal 
cost overall in terms of capital invested. And so I think the way we are going about it is we are 
looking at the overall IRR and the projections and making those calls. And to me, the way to 
think of it is, if you look at what's happening today in the market, I think people are looking for 
newer experiences, newer locations, looking for being enveloped in nature, and many of if not 
all, all of our land parcels pretty much fit the bill. 
 
And to me, with increased connectivity. So for example, we do have, as an example, we have 
almost 100 acres in Kaas plateau, which is where the flowering happens in front of the lake. 
Now today, it's about 4 hours, 4.5 hours from Mumbai, give or take. But if the missing link 
comes in, that's going to probably reduce by 30 to 40 minutes. So it becomes 3.5 to 4 hours. And 
I think we are seeing more and more people inclined to take those holidays and actually reach 
those locations. 
 
Similarly, so a lot of locational things which where is the nearest catchment in terms of potential 
guests. And then many of these places, I think if you see what's the trend which is happening is 
that if the resort is good and if the location is good and if there is not really a benchmark around 
and which could also be potentially true, and if it is in the right segment, I think people are 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
actually willing to pay the value for such a vacation. And that's something which is a consistent 
trend across in the industry. And that's something we are also kind of betting on that as we build 
this brand in the future. That's what we are going to focus on. 
 
I don't know if you have a follow-up, otherwise, I'll go to your first question. Yes, on the first 
question, I think as I said that I think it is obviously compared to if I look at overall international 
ops, right, including the forex loss, et cetera, I think this year, you can equally split it roughly 
between forex loss as well as operational kind of degradation in Finland. And to me, the forex 
loss is something which is anybody's guess, but I would guess that it's probably more in the 
nature of a sudden move, which I think might probably not repeat itself so strongly. 
 
And as I said, that if we don't feel that way, then we'll have to move in terms of limiting exposure 
at that point so that the loss doesn't happen. I think on the operational side, I think it's not a very 
easy solve. I think it will require, as I said, operational actions. We have to move towards more 
channels in terms of -- for credit, which will improve sales as well as potentially, this is the year 
that we will evaluate what do we want to do from a long-term partnering strategic perspective. 
I think that's where we are today. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Senthil Kumar from Joindre Capital Service Limited. 
Senthil Kumar: 
In your earlier response, you mentioned that management is taking long-term partnership 
strategy. Could you kindly share some more clarity on what specific steps the management is 
considering in HCRO operation? 
Manoj Bhat: 
No, I think there is nothing to report today, Senthil. I'm just saying that in F '27  because I had 
mentioned in one of the previous calls that this is not the time to do a strategic review of the 
business. I think F '27 is the time to do a strategic review of the business and assess what are the 
long-term potential partnerships or others, which we can think of, which will be probably beyond 
the ambit of operational improvements only. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Navin from ithought PMS. 
Navin: 
Yes. First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just wanted to get some more color 
on the signature resorts, so do you have any updates to share on that? Are we on track? Anything 
that you would like to highlight? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So I think we had said that somewhere by end of in this F '27, we would be getting ready. I think 
as we have gone into the details around what we need to do,  I don't think it will come in F '27. 
It's probably going to get pushed to F '28. And that's because it's our first offering, and we have 
actually put some more thought into what exactly needs to be done in terms of some of the design 
elements. 
 
And  so it's a little bit of a delay compared to where we said we would be. Having said that, I 
think we have a lot more clarity in terms of the next set of locations also. So we are actually 
actively prospecting 2 or 3 more. So we are making progress on that front. But the first one, I 
don't think will come in F '27. As I said, maybe it goes to F '28. 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Navin: 
Got it. Got it. And then the next question is on beyond HCR, the Finland operation. So I just 
want to get your understanding of like so I'm assuming you have this great understanding of the 
business so far, right, like about the seasonality, about the kind of customers that you get and 
all, so like over the past 2, 3 quarters, do you think anything that you've maybe understood needs 
some kind of revision, like not from a strategy perspective, but from understanding the market 
itself, like do you think to fundamentally go back to the drawing board and re-think certain things 
like from that perspective itself? Or like are you still of the belief that this is a great business to 
be in, like that's what I'm trying to understand? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So I think there are -- I would say that if I look at the last 3 to 6 months, I think incrementally, I 
think the consumer behavior has changed towards more savings because of the uncertainty. And 
that is obviously causing some sort of a depression in terms of our ability to get our product 
across. The other thing is that from a perspective of, I think, the weather vagaries is an 
unpredictable one, and I don't think anybody would have been able to see. So that is one 
difference if I even look 3 months back to now. 
 
Those are the two major changes. I wouldn't want to comment on I think, as I said before also, I 
think F '27 is when we will do a detailed review of the business and including whether what are 
the various options from a strategic perspective. But as of now, I think the state of the business 
needs action on certain fronts, which is the 1 -- 2 things I spoke about, how do we address more 
partners for credits, etcetera, and how do we think about really thinking about optimization? I 
think those are the two immediate actions, yes. 
Navin: 
I'm very sorry, just a small follow-up to this thing. What I was hoping to understand is, is there 
any particular reason we took the impairment in this quarter? Like so the underperformance or 
the uncertainty has been there for a while, right? So just wanted to understand that aspect? 
Manoj Bhat: 
Yes. So if that was the question, I think the way we felt was that given because our expectation 
was about that the uncertainty around geopolitics will go down. But I think it's prolonging. And 
also, we have another conflict which has started, which could have some impact. So we said that 
this is the appropriate time to look at the business from a purely an accounting charge perspective 
and reflect it correctly. Now if some of these situations changes, 12 months later, we could be 
having a reversal but that for a future date. This is to reflect our current view of the business and 
the fair value of  and the carrying value in the books is what I think you should look at it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of TVK Vivek Kumar from Bestpals Research and Advisory LLP. 
TVK Vivek Kumar: 
My question is on how should we think about member addition, I understand you have improved 
the quality of the kind of membership and the non-member, so what would be the occupancy 
rate, you will try to maintain occupancy rate at above 80%, 85%, assuming whatever is the 
number addition, right? So can we think like that, that you're aiming at occupancy and then 
member addition you are going to go more from the pull side, like you are more very particular 
on the kind of members you had. So can we take this? Or do you have any target on the member 
addition? 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Manoj Bhat: 
So as I've said in the past also, I think the quality of the members is more important, and we are 
targeting a utilization metric broadly, right? So -which means that I mean, we are moving from 
probably just thinking about it in terms of members to as guests, whether it is member or non-
member and that transition,so the way I think of it is, obviously, we have internal targets for 
member addition. 
 
But I think more importantly, we have internal targets for guests and occupancy. And that's what 
we are more focused on. So one of the things as we thought about this journey is, if you have to 
make it a pull brand, we can't have targets on a minimum number of members to join, we should 
be able to pull members and non-members both and will fulfill our occupancy targets. That's the 
way to think of it. 
TVK Vivek Kumar: 
So then my second question is when this occupancy target, can you share it like what is your --
can you maintain on the same levels of 80%, above 80%? Two, are you still on the target of FY 
'30, 10,000 rooms, 12,000 rooms or 1 year that side this side, it will not be delayed by 5, 6 years 
kind of thing? Are you on the target? Because now we don't have the capital from the member 
addition, right? So that's what I because we now don't have the cash flows from the member 
addition, the way we used to have. So that's why I'm asking, is the room addition still there, that 
target? 
Manoj Bhat: 
So the room addition target doesn't change, number one. Number two, even this year, if you 
isolate, we had a one-time tax payment. And I think the other thing is we started paying tax also 
this year. Even this year, for example, we have had a INR300 crores plus normalized cash flow 
from operations. And to me that -- so that's a balance. I don't think we'll ever go down to a level 
where that becomes an issue. 
 
The second thing is that if I look at the various responses we are getting from the market, I think 
the current level of member addition is definitely sustainable. I think the question is, how far do 
we want to grow without member addition without compromising on any of the metrics we have 
set as guardrails. 
TVK Vivek Kumar: 
So if you do not mind, that was my clarification. So because we now do not -- let's say, we add 
around 1,000, 1,500 members per quarter, so is the cap -- and INR300 crores from the business? 
Is it enough to double our -- because now the capital from the -- because I don't know the model... 
Manoj Bhat: 
Capital is not a constraint. 
TVK Vivek Kumar: 
So doubling of the room target. Yes, that's my question. 
Manoj Bhat: 
Yes. That target remains and capital is not a constraint? 
TVK Vivek Kumar: 
And member addition, we are not going to compromise on the quality that we can. So -- and 
then occupancy, you are not ready to share the number, sir, above 80% or above 75%, where do 
you want to end up? 

 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Manoj Bhat: 
Vivek, somebody will put it in an Excel model. And so I do believe that we'll target an occupancy 
of around 80%. But that's why I don't want to be precise, so we obviously have precise excel 
spreadsheet saying how the occupancy will move, right? 
TVK Vivek Kumar: 
So last, just 1 confirmation that we will not go for debt for capital -- like for this doubling of 
rooms. We will not really need debt. So can I agree -- can we -- almost -- not small debt, but a 
huge debt will not come on to the balance sheet? 
Manoj Bhat: 
No, nothing will come because I think I have clarified and nobody has asked in this call, let me 
clarify then. Only probably 25% to 30% will be owned. The balance will come from capital-
light models, whether lease or other structures. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will take this as a last question for the day. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Manoj Bhat: 
Thank you all for joining, and I believe there are 1 or 2 or 3 people who might be still in the 
queue. And if you have any questions, please e-mail us. We will try to answer it. Apologies, I 
think we have run out of time, but we are definitely approachable, so please e-mail us and we'll 
take care of it. Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. On behalf of Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
