 
 
 
 
 
 
TBO Tek Limited  
 
CIN: L74999DL2006PLC155233 
✉️ info@tbo.com |   +91 124 4998999 
 Registered Office Address: Unit No. 501, 5th Floor, Worldmark-4, Asset Area No. LP-IB-04, Gateway District, Aerocity,  
Near Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi – 110037 
 Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 728, Udyog Vihar Phase- V Gurgaon-122016 Haryana, India  
 
Your booking experience starts at www.tbo.com    
June 04, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street,  
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra, India  
 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 544174 
 
Scrip Symbol: TBOTEK 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Earnings Conference Call  
 
Ref: - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
 
In furtherance to our intimation dated May 25, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Friday, May 29, 
2026, on the financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
This 
disclosure 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.tbo.com/engagement/investors/#StockExchangeSubmission  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
For and on behalf of TBO Tek Limited 
 
 
Neera Chandak  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above   
 
Digitally signed by NEERA CHANDAK
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=9317, Phone=
74a2e504f6076ef4a0771395e169d68ec6f
e5ecf1f403e993ddca2b040bf769b, 
PostalCode=201014, S=Uttar Pradesh, 
SERIALNUMBER=
231b3bb4812657f595408f563f07bfa8fbcc
0e761114bf2e14710f31518a9c21, CN=
NEERA CHANDAK
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2026.06.04 17:00:00+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.2.0
NEERA 
CHAND
AK

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
TBO Tek Limited  
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANKUSH NIJHAWAN - CO-FOUNDER AND JOINT MD 
MR. GAURAV BHATNAGAR - CO-FOUNDER AND JOINT MD 
MR. AKSHAT VERMA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND CTO                 
MR. VIKAS JAIN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. PRAMENDRA TOMAR – GENERAL COUNSEL 
MR. SHRESHTH MAHAJAN– ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:    
MS. VANESSA FERNANDES – ADFACTORS PR: INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
    
                           
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This is Vanessa Fernandes from the Investor Relations team at 
Adfactors PR. On behalf of TBO Tek Limited, I would like to welcome you all to the Earnings 
Conference Call for Q4 & FY2026. 
Today on the call, we have with us from the Management, Mr. Ankush Nijhawan – Co-
Founder and Joint Managing Director, Mr. Gaurav Bhatnagar – Co-Founder and Joint 
Managing Director, Mr. Vikas Jain – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Akshat Varma – Whole-
Time Director and Chief Technology Officer, Mr. Pramendra Tomar – General Counsel, and 
Mr. Shreshth Mahajan – Associate Director -Investor Relations. 
We will begin the call with brief “Opening Remarks” from the Management, followed by a 
Q&A session. Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties 
that could cause the actual results or projections to differ materially from those 
statements. TBO Tek will hold no responsibility for any such actions taken based on such 
statements and undertakes no obligations to publicly update these forward- looking 
statements. 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Gaurav Bhatnagar for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Thank you, Vanessa, and good afternoon, everyone. We have already shared a detailed 
Shareholder Letter yesterday, so I will not go through the detailed results in my opening 
remarks, but rather I will just give a high-level commentary on how we have viewed the 
last quarter and what is the impact of all the geopolitical tensions on the business and how 
we react to it. 
As a company, Q4 saw disruptions, which we are all aware of, but overall, we believe that 
we had a satisfactory response to the disruptions. I think the advent of the war at the end 
of Feb also tested the resilience of our business and which is shown through in our results. 
In spite of the fact that our largest source market, which is the Middle East market, and 
Israel, which is one of our Top 7 source markets as a country, were very severely impacted, 
on a year-on-year basis, we were still able to demonstrate growth both on the top line and 
the bottom line. 
Apart from that, we have also seen that the recovery in the business corresponding to the 
changing circumstances of the war is quite sharp. In pockets, whenever there has been 
positive news, for example, when the ceasefire was announced in the Middle East in April, 
we saw a sharp uptick in business at that point in time. So, we remain hopeful that while 
the war has a short-term impact, the long-term impact will be minimal and depending on 
when a favorable outcome happens on this war, the business will start to come back 
quickly. 
Just to recap the three pillars of our strategy for the previous year: 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
• 
The first one was our increasing investment into market development activities and 
that played out quite well for us. We had an increasing spend on SG&A in the 
beginning two or three quarters of the year. But that spend started to taper off by Q4 
and we have shown data in our shareholders letter, you will see that in Jan and Feb, 
we were seeing very strong operating leverage, margin expansion, as well as EBITDA 
growth on a year-on-year basis for these two months, compared to the same period 
last year. Of course, March was a complete washout for us because of the war. Hence, 
on a full quarter basis, the operating leverage did not flow through. But we are 
starting to see that similar sentiment in the current quarter as well. The whole 
hypothesis of accelerating investment into market development, focusing on adding 
new travel agencies and getting them to the first 5th and 10th transaction has 
worked quite well for us. If you see, the number of monthly transacting buyers on a 
year-on-year basis has grown very dramatically in the last one year. So, that is where 
all the investment that we made has gone in and we will start to see the results from 
it in the coming year. 
• 
The second big focus we have been increasingly talking about is anchoring around 
the luxury end of the spectrum. This is important from two perspectives. One is that 
I think the luxury business is far more resilient to all the geopolitics and rising costs 
compared to the premium or the budget end of the spectrum. Secondly, as AI 
becomes more prominent, especially in the travel booking workflows, we still 
believe that the complex connected itineraries at the luxury end of the spectrum will 
still largely be booked via travel advisors and travel agencies. In that direction, we 
made significant progress this year. We have created a new AI-first tool called Voya. 
We shared some more details about it in the shareholder letter as well. I must admit 
the tool has come out well. The whole business that is being built around Voya is to 
allow travel advisors to get access to ultra-luxury supply on the platform, use AI tools 
to create these complex itineraries, share these itineraries with their travelers, and 
create an AI-led workflow with them to quickly get those itineraries to closure. We 
believe this is a very important, I would not say pivot, but an adjacency to our current 
business where we will start anchoring more around building complex itineraries as 
and when standalone hotels and flight bookings. 
• 
The third big news for us last year was the acquisition of Classic Vacations. We had a 
stated intent to grow in the North America market, and some of our previous 
attempts had not been successful. The Classic Vacations business is now more than 
six months into our fold, and we are happy to report that the integration process is 
well on its way. We are integrating across platforms, across supply, and across 
demand channels. While we are, I would say we are probably about halfway through 
the integration process, but we intend to complete the integration by the end of Q3, 
by the end of this Calendar Year. 
Finally, just our view on how Q1 is shaping up because there has been a fair bit of 
uncertainty because of the war. We are pleased with the way business has started to 
recover, especially in markets which are not directly impacted by the war. So, the initial 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
reaction right immediately after the start of the war was that business has started to slow 
down pretty much in every source market. Since then, we have seen strong recovery across 
markets which are not directly impacted by the war.  
In the markets like the Middle East and Israel, where we have a more direct impact of the 
war, we are starting to see increasing recoveries to the extent that in pockets we are seeing 
volumes which are similar to the pre-war volumes, not exceeding those levels though. As 
a whole, we would still expect Q1 to be better than Q4, and we would also expect Q1 to be 
better than same period last year. 
That's the broad summary. If the top line plays out as we are anticipating it to be, we 
continue to have a moderate SG&A growth, and hence we should see some green shoots of 
operating leverage play out in Q1 as well. So, those are the high-level comments from our 
side. We will open for questions now. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Gaurav. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Participants are 
requested to raise their hands virtually to ask questions. We request you to introduce 
yourself and the firm you represent before going ahead. We shall wait for a minute before 
the question queue assembles.  
                                                       We have a first question from the line of Mr. Karan Uppal. I request you to introduce 
yourself, please. 
Karan Uppal: 
Hi, this is Karan Uppal from Phillip Capital. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations 
to the entire team on a very strong set of numbers despite so much uncertainty as well as 
the recent war. Gaurav just wanted to understand the hotels and ancillary growth. The 
growth has been very strong despite geopolitical shocks as well as elevated fuel prices.   
                                                       Can you attribute some reasons as to the kind of strong performance? Is it the new KAMs 
which have been added, they are more productive or they have added high-quality large 
agents or maybe the end clients of TBO are premium or luxury so they are immune to 
basically changes in the environment. Any reasons you can attribute to the strong 
performance? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, thanks Karan. Look, I think it is a mix of both the factors that you are talking about. 
But primarily, we were anticipating and we have talked about on our previous calls as well 
that we were anticipating Q4 to be extremely strong in terms of year-on-year growth. 
The reason was that when we started doing market development investments in January 
of 2025 onwards and to spend the next 6-9 months onboarding a new sales team and then 
signing up new travel agents, there is a lag when you start onboarding travel agencies and 
when they start to become meaningfully productive for you because these are small 
businesses. That is why our T1, T5, and T10 journey is so important. We were expecting 
this to happen that by the time we come to Q4, all the effort that has gone into onboarding 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
these new customers will start to pay off. Q4 we were also with a little bit of timing that 
some of our large partners also went live in that one quarter. 
Of course March was impacted and even in spite of the March impact you could see the 
growth that we have delivered. If March was not impacted then the growth would have 
been much higher and we are hoping that at some point in the next few quarters as things 
settle down to pre-war area, we will start to see stronger growth. So, while the numbers 
look good standalone, from our perspective if the war had not happened the numbers 
would have been much stronger than what they are. Majority of it is just our gain of market 
share in the market that we have been investing. 
We believe in the resilience of our business model that the demand impact of wars or 
pandemics or geopolitical events or inflation is relatively less at the premium to luxury end 
of the spectrum and that also shows through because even in a market like the Middle East 
we have started to see demand come back fairly quickly. Now that may not be true for the 
budget or the premium end of the spectrum, but the high value bookings have already 
started to happen. 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks, Gaurav, for the explanation. On EBITDA to GTV ratio, if we look at it for last three 
years, that has been stable at 1%. Now with SG&A growth tapering down shall one expect 
this ratio to move up starting FY27? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think that's a reasonable assumption and it's a function of two things. One yes, absolutely 
as SG&A growth tapers down margins should expand and secondly the saliency mix will 
also help as our hotels business, which is higher margin business grows faster than the air 
GTV. 
Karan Uppal: 
One question to Vikas sir. Cash flow from operations has been negative even though the 
FCF has been negative this year. You have mentioned in the shareholder records the 
reasons for the same. Now from go forward perspective shall we assume that the cash 
flows will return to its normalcy? Let's say in FY24-25 levels we saw, let's say 90% CFO-
to-PAT ratio or FCF-to-PAT was also above 100%. Can we expect similar levels in FY27? 
Vikas Jain: 
We are working towards the same thing only. As I explained in detail the reasons for the 
negative movement in the current year but some of these things are primarily timing in 
nature be it related to the Brazil anticipation or be it some trade receivables getting 
delayed collections due to the war and other situations. So, those timing issues are getting 
resolved as we speak and obviously by the end of the year, we will revert to the original 
EBITDA-to-cash flow conversion percentages. 
Karan Uppal: 
Just last question on Classic. The take rate at the time of the acquisitions was around 23%. 
Now we are operating at 25%. Even EBITDA to GTV numbers are higher. Can you explain 
the reasons for the same and how we shall think about Classic in terms of the growth as 
well as the take rates and the margins? 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Vikas Jain: 
Early days to say but the changes are not very material as we speak. At times, it is because 
of the mixed impact in the business be it between the groups and the FIT business and 
between Air and Hotel so and so forth. There is no material change we have made from the 
increasing our margins. So, we think that the margins that we are operating that would 
operate in these ranges only. Currently we are not looking at optimizing margins per se. 
Karan Uppal: 
How shall we think about the growth in Classic business? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
See, Karan very-very early days. The way we are thinking of growth in the North America 
business, because we have Classic and TBO North America. Internally we view it as one 
business. We are absolutely anticipating significant growth in that business. I would hate 
to quantify into a number right now but on a year-on-year basis absolutely the business 
will grow. In certain ways those businesses are already optimized in terms of SG&A. So, the 
flow through of operating leverage on those businesses will be higher. These businesses 
can add meaningfully to the bottom-line growth need not grow very highly on the top line. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay cool. Thanks. Thanks a lot. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you Karan. We have our next question from the line of Mr. Manish Adukia. I request 
you to kindly introduce yourself. 
Manish Adukia: 
Good afternoon, this is Manish Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Thank you for taking my 
questions and commendable disclosures you have made. Quite appreciated. 
I have a few questions and most of them follow on to Karan's question and Gaurav what 
you spoke in the opening remarks. Firstly, on growth from a near term perspective you 
mentioned that the June quarter should be better both YoY and QoQ which is encouraging 
to know. When I look at the month of March where you had implied GTV being down I 
think mid-single digit and GP being down about 10% and despite June quarter having like 
the full quarter impact of travel you are suggesting that on a YoY basis both GTV and GP 
should be up. You are not quantifying that but it's safe to assume that maybe in the single 
digit range? Would that be fair to say? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, we are not quantifying it Manish, but where things are and with always a caveat that 
things are at status quo right. If things were to change for the worse, in terms of the just 
geopolitics, then who knows what happens but let's assume that there is no good news and 
no bad news beyond what is today. We would expect to see both the YoY growth from Q1 
of last year as well as QoQ growth from Q4 of last year. 
Manish Adukia: 
Very clear thank you. My second question is on the GP growth in Jan and March which was 
like high 20s or mid-to-high 20s which seemed like a very strong print, and you talked 
about of course the investments you have made in the business in the last few quarters and 
the goodness of the sales investments etc.  

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
                                                      Now that let's say, you are coming off that investment cycle and that investment will reap 
benefit now let's assume that tomorrow if you were to go back to normal completely at 
least from a foreseeable future standpoint has the growth of the business been reset to like 
mid-to-high 20s given just the investments you have made and then maybe at some point 
time you will have to start making investments again. But for now I would have thought 
that the business may be closer to 20% growth but it looks like it's a higher growth 
business.  
                                                       Just want to see if Jan-Feb were there like one-offs that drove the growth higher than the 
trend line growth is or is the trend line growth closer to that mid-to-high 20s number? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
See, Manish I think the aspiration as we have always talked about is to grow in that range 
right at least, I will not say mid-to-high 20s but early-to-mid 20s. That remains the 
aspiration for the business.  
                                                       Look, the investments have already happened and that is starting to pay off and I will 
continue to pay off because these are not one-off investments in the sense that the sales 
people we have hired will continue to add more to the business. What remains to be seen 
is large markets like Israel and Middle East when they come back and to what level do they 
come back from where they used to be.  
                                                       Early signs are still, I would say, look encouraging, but we really can't comment on them 
until we have gone through at least two quarters of just normal normalcy. It's not very 
clear what happens because if there has been some outward migration from the Middle 
East and does it impact outbound travel from the Middle East. Inbound travel is also 
impacted right now so very hard to say where that lands but yes, the whole business plan 
was anchored around this growing north of 20%. We do believe that unless some serious 
downward movement happens in the base of where normalcy sets in, we should continue 
to grow in that range. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you very clear. My other question was on AI and again thanks for all the color in the 
shareholder letter in terms of let's see your conversations with your suppliers as well as 
buyers. What they are doing around AI? Is there anything that suppliers are doing 
differently or buyers want to do differently which may concern you or any trends that you 
can call out that potentially could actually be beneficial to TBO. So, any thoughts around 
that would be helpful. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Manish, I think there is a lot of conversation around AI and that maybe is beyond the travel 
industry as well. So, there's a lot of conversation around AI. I also feel that there is a fair bit 
of work everybody is doing around productivity but which is more internal to the 
organizations to say how can I drive more sales productivity, more CX productivity, more 
developer productivity but from a change of business model perspective we have not seen 
anything substantially different like the obvious stuff is happening right people have 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
written some MCPs to show their results in Chat GPT or on Clout but I don't think there is 
any evidence as yet that that's meaningfully driving business for anybody. 
There are voice or AI chatbots people are introducing in their apps which is all I kind of 
like expected but I don't think anything materially has moved either on the supply side or 
on the demand side yet for us to either see it as a massive, big opportunity or a massive 
threat. 
Manish Adukia: 
Very clear. Thank you. Just last question to Vikas and to follow on to Karan's question and 
again thanks for all the reasoning in the shareholder letter around the cash flow and the 
working capital, but when I look at let's not just the full year number but even on a six 
month basis six month FY26 the disclosures you had made the working capital was like a 
large drag and that drag has only worsened for the six months ending March.  
                                                       So, I am just trying to understand that why should that be the case. I understand the 
explanation for March or the six-month ending March, but why should it have been worse 
in September and then it's only gotten worse in March. I am not fully clear on that part. 
Vikas Jain: 
Manish, couple of things here. The Brazil anticipation impact started somewhere in Q2 
itself and that had impacted our September numbers. From that perspective September 
numbers were also impacted. The worsening is primarily happening there are two or three 
things here. When I mentioned the performance-linked bonus incentives, generally these 
performance-linked bonus incentives are from the financial year especially for the airline 
separate to March or let's say for the hotels it is with from January to December. 
Because of the growth in the business the PLB balances have increased. The recovery for 
these balances starts happening between Q1 and Q2. So, that is kind of dragging the March 
numbers per se. 
Secondly, as I explained related to the trade receivables per se because of one geopolitical 
tension in Middle East due to the war coupled with the fact that there was Eid holidays in 
the last fortnight of March, there leads to delays in some collections from our long-standing 
partners and which leads to a temporary I would say build up during the quarter and that 
has also kind of impacted. 
Third, we didn't have any actual bank deposits which are more than 12 months period in 
the last year. They also as per accounting, get classified as other financial assets, etc and 
they are also getting clubbed under the working capital change movement. These things 
are kind of impacting and leading to some worsening in March. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you so much very clear. All the best. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you Manish. We have our next question from the line of Manik Taneja. Please go 
ahead. 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Manik Taneja: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I had couple of questions. With regards to competitive 
intensity, given what we have seen from some of your global peers talking about resetting 
their take rates to a much lower number, would love to get your thoughts as to how do you 
see that playing out? That's question number one.  
                                                 
Additionally, while you were mentioning that Q1 may be a positive growth quarter both 
on a sequential and YoY basis, given some of the impacts around pricing and some airlines 
also reducing their connectivity; how do you see this playing out with regards to the Q2 of 
your financial year which typically is the best quarter that you enjoy?  
                                                 
Lastly, a clarification question on cash flow. Vikas, basically while you have called out 
multiple factors impacting your cash flow, would love to understand how does the 
dynamics around the changes in Brazil, etc. impact your traditional cash generation 
capability?  
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think our peers and competitors have talked about some lowering of take rates. Now, you 
must see it in the context that we have started from traditionally the most competitive and 
most price sensitive market which is like India and Middle East and then we have 
progressively moved to higher take rate markets like North America and Europe.  
                                             
While there is always this pressure around take rates. For us, it's one balances off from our 
perspective that we are starting from markets where the average take rate is lower than 
markets where the average take rate is higher. You will see that our growth is largely 
driven by higher take rate markets.  
                                                
Secondly, we fundamentally operate our business at a certain margin and a certain EBITDA 
margin, which allows us to remain competitive at the take rates that we operate at today. 
So, we are not anticipating any immediate, right? When I say immediate, I mean short to 
midterm downward pressure on take rates. We absolutely intend to maintain them at the 
current levels. We are also not trying to improve our take rate from where they are, 
because we have always been clear that it's an aggregation business. You must take market 
share. We should be leaving money on the table for our travel agents. There is no effort to 
improve our take rates. But there is also no downward pressure on the take rates as it 
stands today. 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
On the supply side, on the airlines, there are some cuts which are happening. One, I think 
it is temporary, because as the oil hopefully comes down, if the war settles down these 
inventories, which the airlines have cancelled, will come back very quickly. The other thing 
is that the supply might have reduced in domestic, but the fares have gone up, but the 
passengers are still traveling because this is a peak of summer holidays as well within 
India. 
 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Secondly, international routes, which we heard have been cut by Air India, etc.; will 
obviously pass through a subsidiary to another European airline or somebody traveling to 
Asia Pacific, etc. What we have seen is the shift of business happened, especially, hardly 
anybody traveling into Dubai still, but the business is either into Asia Pacific and, for 
example, Japan has been the flavor for a lot of HNIs, and obviously, the ultra-HNI still 
continue to travel to Europe. We are seeing these trends.  
Keeping in mind, because of the summer season, which obviously most of us are on, the 
kids are on leave, I think travel is something which will continue to happen in spite of a 
little crunch in the inventory on the airline sites. 
Vikas Jain: 
On your question related to the cash flow on the Brazil anticipation, just to refresh again 
in Brazil, we generally collect payment from customers to credit cards, where the 
payments are being made in installments, but with no recourse to us.  
                                                
Earlier, we used to anticipate or discount the payment we used to receive the payments 
upfront by paying certain charges. However, in Q2 of last year, we tried to do some kind of  
experiment to see if we don't anticipate any positive impacts in the business sense, 
whether we are able to drive business up by lowering the margins, which we have 
increased due to cover this anticipation cost.  
                                                 
We ran that experiment for a couple of months. But we saw that there was not a very 
measurable increase in our business. So, we reverted to our old position somewhere in 
mid-December. But what this led to is basically during that period, the customers’ 
receivable we had not discounted for, those monies we would be receiving, I believe 
majority of the payment will recover by Q2 of this current financial year. So, that impact 
will go down after Q2. 
Manik Taneja: 
Any thoughts on what our CFO-to-EBITDA or FCF-to-EBITDA ratios should be with the way 
our business mix is progressing? 
Vikas Jain: 
Historically, as well, we have been delivering more than 100% per se  and that's what we 
would strive to do by end of this financial year as well. 
Manik Taneja: 
Great. Thank you and all the best for the future. Thank you, Manik. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
We have a next question from the line of Mr. Prateek Kumar. Kindly introduce yourself. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Congrats on the great results. This is Prateek from Jefferies. First question is on what 
quantum of EBITDA is you think you would have lost in Q4 based on the run rate you were 
thinking for March from Jan-Feb levels versus the Rs. 110 crores EBITDA which you have 
reported for the quarter? 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Prateek, it's a very hypothetical question., which we have talked about and limited about 
enough internally. I don't want to give a specific number, but I think the one easy way to 
look at it is that given our costs are what they were, right? So, there was no material change 
in cost from Feb to March, given that that was just the start of the war.  
                                                
Historically, March is usually stronger than Feb. So, you could extrapolate yourselves to 
see that any incremental GTV, especially hotel GTV, would have largely translated to the 
bottom line. I leave it there. It's an easy calculation and it's a significant loss for us. From a 
margin expansion perspective, all the operating leverage expansion that would have 
happened got lost because of it. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Because first two months were running at 50%-60%, it seems like you have lost like Rs. 30 
crores to Rs. 50 crores in that month because the full quarter number has significantly 
come down, because of like at 5% to 7%. 
Vikas Jain: 
As Gaurav mentioned, we can't give you an exact number, but by doing calculation you can 
derive it, these are the numbers we have already published. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay. On this 16% SG&A growth, how are you looking at this growth? Are there any specific 
measures to control cost in this environment or how are you looking at SG&A cost for like-
for-like basis in FY27? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Pratik, the SG&A growth will not accelerate from where it is, it will slightly taper down as 
well. Hopefully, the gap between SG&A growth and GTV growth will increase, which will 
lead to operating leverage and expanding margins. We just want to be clear, while there is 
a strong focus on cost control and hiring increases in different parts of the business, we do 
recognize that our business model essentially works very well with expanding size of the 
Salesforce and adding salespeople where we didn't have salespeople before. That 
investment will continue. But that investment is not on the same scale as intensity as last 
year.  
                                                 
Hence, you will see SG&A will still grow. You will not see that SG&A has come flat compared 
to last year, because I think that will be a little bit too short-sighted. But the top line at this 
from here on, should definitely grow faster than the SG&A. 
Prateek Kumar: 
On like-for-like basis, you said that you are growing YoY and QoQ, of course, SG&A growth 
will be still like a higher number, like let's say 15% growth run rate. So, on like-for-like 
basis, margins will still be lower right in Q1? Is that what we should think about? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Given the uncertainties of the situation, it is very hard to say where it lands. But, we are 
just hopeful that we will show at least in dollar terms, both EBITDA growth from previous 
year as well as from Q4, but really don't want to comment beyond that. 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay, my other question is on impact of war on international travel, because clearly, there 
is like a lot of noise around high airfares, and amount of capacity which is being taken out. 
Indian companies definitely seem to be doing more but global companies are also taking 
out capacity. When you say that you are seeing normalization generally, is this something 
which doesn't impact or like more hotels are seeing better recovery, which are I don't 
know, which is how that is getting driven. But there is a lot of noise around high airfares 
and capacity withdrawn from the system. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Prateek, I think corridors have shifted for sure that is one thing that we are seeing. Because 
Middle East as a destination is a large destination that has seen a big downturn. 
Secondly, there is uncertainty around traveling on the Middle East carriers as well as at 
this point in time, especially from Europe to the East. So, corridors have shifted, I think that 
there's a bit more interregional business that we are seeing where typically, airfares don't 
impact so much because for example, if you are traveling within Europe, the airfares are 
still reasonable in at least in dollar terms, and definitely lower than say, if you were going 
to do long haul travel. That is one thing that is clearly visible. The corridors have become 
shorter.  
The other thing that has happened is that the booking windows have also shrunk a little 
bit, which is why overall, the industry remains hopeful that if some resolution happens to 
the war in the next few days, we can still capture the June, July, August, September summer 
traffic. So, yes, I think there is there is a there is an impact, we can't say there is no impact, 
like Ankush said, the consequence of that is that air fares are higher so from GTV 
perspectives, you probably need to sell less tickets to get the same amount of GTV.  
And then the other bit is that the spectrum that we try to operate in, which is more 
premium and luxury, less sensitive to minor changes in airfares, but yes, more sensitive to 
the actual geopolitics of not choosing not to fly certain carriers or through certain transit 
points. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay, in your case, because the business is like, accounted by the source of market. Middle 
East as a source of market, would have still being lower in terms of contribution in Q1, 
right? Other markets might have been doing much better. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, that is correct. I think Middle East continues to be below pre-war levels. But it is 
catching up. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Okay, last question is on competition. Expedia reported 20% growth in B2B higher than 
their B2C segment. How should we look at their comments on growth? Is this a growing 
competition or because they are also one of your suppliers. Since they are your large 
supplier, is this sign of increasing competition or generally is the B2B market growing 
more now? 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
In general, the B2B market is growing faster than the B2C market. There seems to be some 
level of saturation in whoever was going to book online and sell book is already there. Just 
finding new customers to book online is harder. It's hard to really comment on the source 
of growth for Expedia because they don't lay it out. But their core business is selling to 
partners like us or large loyalty banks airlines. So, they are not direct competitors for us 
from that perspective.  
                                                 
They also have a travel agent retail program. But our understanding is that it is not a very 
large program. It is strong in pockets, but probably not. We don't directly compete with 
them in many of the markets that we are growing in. So, I think I guess without knowing 
the color of their growth, it's hard to comment on where it is coming from. But from our 
perspective, we don't see Expedia as an immediate direct competitor for the most part, 
especially on the retail side of things. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you Gaurav, these were my questions.  
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Prateek. We have our next question from the line of Moez Chandani, request 
you to kindly introduce yourself. 
Moez Chandani: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you for taking my question. This is Moez Chandani from Ambit. My first 
question was on the Middle East. At the first two months of this quarter, how deep is the 
cuts in demands? Are you maybe 30% to 40% below the expected level that that you might 
have reached let's say last year in 1Q of FY26 or has the cut in demand been much more 
severe? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, Moez, I think there are two ways to look at it. If you were to just look at it from, say, 
where those numbers were before the beginning of the war, the numbers are actually 
better than 30%, 40%. They are slightly better than that. But if you were to look at it from 
a perspective, that is also when the volume starts to increase. This is a high season now for 
bookings. From that perspective, yes, we are still seeing significant loss of GTV because of 
the war. If the war had not been there, the numbers would have been significantly higher. 
Moez Chandani: 
Ok, understood. How are hotels in the Middle East and how are governments in the Middle 
East approaching this based on your interactions with them? As these things ease, is there 
a plan to maybe be very aggressive in terms of marketing, in terms of incentives to make 
sure that tourism recoveries happen faster or has there been, let's say, a significant 
economic impact because of the war and things might take a little longer to recover in 
terms of tourism there? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
No, Moez, I think there is a very strong resolve to bring things back to normal and more 
across the region. The Tourism Boards that we have interacted with are absolutely looking 
to reinvest in building out the market. We are already engaging with them on plans on how 
and when that happens. So, I think the sentiment on the whole still remains very cautiously 
optimistic.  

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
                                                
Of course, the region has suffered. There is no doubt about it. But I think there is a strong 
sense on the ground that once we put this behind, the recovery will be strong. I think 
especially markets like UAE take a lot of hope from how they delivered through and post 
the pandemic as well. So, they have playbooks in place. We still remain very confident that 
eventually the region will come back to where it used to be and probably even show 
growth on top of that. 
Moez Chandani: 
Understood. Looking at the markets, ex-Middle East, right? Firstly, was there any, did you 
see, say, slightly better than expected demand because maybe there were travelers who 
reprioritized or changed plans and decided to go somewhere else or planning to go to the 
Middle East and decided to go somewhere else.  
                                                 
Also in terms of operating leverage, ex-Middle East, has that played out to your 
expectations? Are the other margins ex-Middle East at the levels that what you were 
expecting at because of the changes that you have done in your SG&A costs, etc.? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
On the first one, I think demand diversion has happened. What it triggers is that other 
destinations become more expensive, especially in Europe and Southern Europe, which as 
a platform, we are fairly agnostic to it in the sense we have a supply available for Europe 
as well as for Middle East. So, if the demand moved from, say, Middle East to Europe we 
would still be able to sell and that we have seen in the numbers.  
                                                
On your second question on what is the operating leverage looking like ex-Middle East our 
view would be, yes, we are seeing it, but I would caveat that ultimately these analyses are 
a little bit hypothetical, right? Ultimately, we need to deliver operating leverage as a 
business, as a full enterprise, which would obviously start to show up only when our GTV 
growth surpasses our SG&A growth. But yes, if you were to carve out one region out and 
say that, okay let's look at our cost structures and our growth ex of it, we would see 
improving margins, absolutely. 
Moez Chandani: 
Okay, got it. That were my questions. Thank you so much.  
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Moez. We have a next question from the line of Mr. Swapnil Potdukhe. Please 
introduce yourself. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi, this is Swapnil from JM. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to 
the benefit that we got because of rupee depreciation. It will be great if you can quantify 
what percentage of GTV at a consol level and possibly at a hotel's level came because of 
rupee depreciation. 
Vikas Jain: 
Swapnil, basically, while we do not convert our numbers at a constant currency, but we 
have done some type of calculation, because we are dealing with multiple operating 
entities, dealing in multiple foreign currencies, etc. But the back of the NF calculation, if we 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
see the overall impact would be in the range of on a YoY basis for the full year would be 
around 4 to 5%. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay, this is at a consol level, and it will be slightly higher for hotels. Is that understanding, 
correct? 
Vikas Jain: 
No, I am talking about the impact in the change in the exchange rate. So, that impact would 
flow specifically because when the foreign currency thing that is impacting primarily the 
hotel GTV. This is primarily for the hotel GTV. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay, got it. Vikas, will it not be fair to say that you should start reporting constant currency 
numbers as well, given the nature of our business? I mean, a decent proportion of your 
profits as well as GTV comes from globally. So, will it not be fair to say that it will be great 
if we can start reporting those numbers on a QoQ basis as well? Just a Suggestion. 
Vikas Jain: 
Yes, great suggestion. We will discuss this internally and then see how transparently we 
can share disclosures around it. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Thanks. The second question is with respect to the capitalization which is happening on 
our some of the tech costs, I am presuming. Can you give some color on the nature of these 
investments? What is the amortization period of this cost? Also, a related question to that 
is like, how are you amortizing Classic vacations, the intangibles from that business? 
Vikas Jain: 
Okay, the intangibles as part of the purchase price allocations for the Classic vacations have 
been recognized now fully in the books. Primarily, the amortizable asset, there is the 
supplier relationship asset, which is around 50 million in cost, and that would get 
amortized over a period of 15 years.  
                                                
On your question related to tech related capitalizations, primarily, whenever there is any 
new feature, new product line, anything which would have future economic benefits as per 
the relevant accounting standards, etc., all those things only get capitalized. We have kind 
of separate cost located for the maintenance, etc., which goes directly into our operating 
expense. Only the developments which are happening for which would be able to generate 
any future benefits, that cost gets capitalized and the amortization period for the same 
varies from 3 to 5 years, depending upon project-to-project. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it, Vikas. The other question is with respect to the cash flow. Earlier, there were some 
comments about some of the reasons why our working capital was negative this time 
around. My understanding of Classic business was that it is a significantly cash-generating 
business from that perspective, because the lead times are longer than our normal course 
of business. So, the consolidation itself should have benefited us from a working capital 
standpoint is my understanding. Any color as to why that did not play out? 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Vikas Jain: 
Swapnil, that would play out now onwards, because what happens basically at the time of 
acquisition, when you consolidate and prepare your cash flows, the opening negative 
working benefit gets subsumed in the cash flow from investing activities only, in the net 
impact which is coming in the investing activities only. We don't get benefit from that 
negative working capital in our cash flow when we acquired that out. Only in the future 
when the negative working capital goes more negative, that will benefit us from the 
consolidation perspective. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. Just the last one regarding the efficiency benefits through Classic vacation itself. My 
understanding is like the cost that you are reporting for the last two quarters has been 
around Rs. 110 crores for Classics specifically. This is the SG&A cost that I am talking about. 
Any measures to see this cost going down, going ahead, or it will be more of an uplift story 
on the Classic side, so that the margins improve that business specifically? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Swapnil, early days to comment on it for several reasons. One, we are doing a full platform 
migration exercise right now. Only when the platforms are successfully migrated, will we 
truly start to see where does productivity sit.  
                                                 
Secondly, like I said earlier, we are looking at it as consolidated as a TBO North America 
business. So, some of the costs may be relevant for the growth of the overall business in 
North America as well. If you were to look at it, if you were to club together the TBO North 
America and Classic as one entity per se, at that level, we will start to see operating 
efficiencies. Now, will the dollar value cost come down or not? We don't want to comment 
on it as yet. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Understood. Very clear. Thanks a lot for the opportunity and all the best. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Swapnil. We have our next question from the line of Mr. Samarth Patel. I 
request you to kindly introduce yourself. 
Samarth Patel: 
Samarth Patel from Equirus Securities. Thanks for providing me with the opportunity. My 
first question is, if you can help me break down Q4 growth for Europe into, let's say, deeper 
penetration of existing source market versus new geographical expansion. 
A follow up to that question is, what's the typical maturity curve for a new European source 
market in terms of penetration? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
See, Samarth, it is very the way we look at the business is from the unit economics of the 
key account manager that we put on the ground. So, bifurcating this into what's coming 
from a new source market and what's coming from existing source markets is a little bit 
tricky, because in large countries, you may add more people within the same country and 
which will be like just in a way, from our perspective, that will be fresh growth. But from 
our perspective, did we open a new country or not? It's hard for us to think of business 
from that perspective.  

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
                                                 
Secondly, on the maturity curve of an average market or an average key account manager 
starting to deliver meaningful productivity, it remains like we have talked about in the 
past, right remains about a six to nine month window where they start to become 
meaningfully productive and meaningful productive in the sense that it is starting to 
almost break even on cost and then there is profitability after that. 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood. That's really helpful. My second question is about Brazil anticipation 
discontinued in Q3 and then IOF tax plus currency headwinds there. How should we think 
about FY27 and FY28 LATAM growth in particular? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
LATAM will see moderate growth compared to the overall enterprise because of the fact 
that there are significant headwinds which go beyond just our own business over there 
and you articulated them already.  
                                                 
As there is more volatility across the world, those currencies also face those structural 
challenges and then it impacts travel very, very sharply. Our own view remains that we 
will see moderate growth in those markets for this year. Having said that, from a saliency 
perspective, it is important for us, but it is not amongst our top three large source markets. 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood. Now my third question is on the Classic vacation side. What percentage of 
Classic buyers have already started consuming, let's say, TBO inventory and what 
proportion of TBO’s hotel inventory is now accessible to a Classic ecosystem? If you can, 
just help me with those numbers. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Samarth, the way we operate is that we create connectivity between platforms so that TBO 
supply can be consumed by Classic. The connectivity is already established. However, we 
are not opening the entire TBO supply into the Classic ecosystem as yet. Part of it is because 
Classic sits in a different area. The brand promise of Classic is very different, and it is 
largely focused around high-curation and high-value luxury hotel. So, we are only opening 
that part of the supply right now on Classic. It is starting to become a meaningful share of 
Classic's overall business and all the travel advisors who use the Classic platform get access 
to the supply.  
                                                 
There is no separate channel that needs to be created for travel advisors to consume. So, 
everybody who's on the Classic platform gets access to that supply and it is starting to 
become a fair share of Classic's overall business. 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood. That was really helpful. Last question is just a bookkeeping question. At the 
peak of disruption for ME, what was the booking-to-cancellation ratio for directly affected 
EMEA agents? in particular for March. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I don't have the numbers offhand, but I do recall that at one point for certain source 
markets, there were more cancellations than bookings. 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
But overall, we never had a negative day. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
As an enterprise, we did not have negative sales. Yes, I think Israel we did. There were 
certain pockets where the sale and the cancellations completely in a way netted-off. But as 
we have shared in our commentary also, now it has started to improve. The drag that was 
coming because of all the prior bookings getting cancelled is slowly starting to taper off. 
Samarth Patel: 
Understood. That is helpful. Thanks for providing me with the opportunity and best of luck. 
Thank you so much. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thanks so much. We have our next question from the line of Pranaya Jain. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I have a few questions. May to start with. Could you give us 
some sense of what percentage of the new agents that you onboarded in, FY25, who did 
more than 10 transactions, did 10 transactions this year as well? Just to understand what 
kind of stickiness are we having? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Pranaya, it's a good question, but I don't have the data handy, but it's a fair question. On 
the whole, what does happen is that travel agents signed up in one year, the cohort that is 
signed up in a specific year, will roughly double its business in the subsequent year. So, 
that that math normally works out. But at this specific question, I don't have the exact 
numbers. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Okay, got it. My second question is, is there any seasonality in the number of transacting 
agents in North America? The number has grown from 4,800 last quarter to 6,000 this 
quarter, which is a pretty good growth. Is there any bit of seasonality or is it just naturally 
like the business is gaining traction over there? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Jan, Feb, March is the very, very heavy booking period for North America because their 
booking windows are long. Typically, North America would book in Jan and Feb for their 
summer bookings. So, yes, there is an element of seasonality as well. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Understood. Now, my third question is on this data that you provide on GTV driven by new 
and old agents. Over there, when we look at the growth, overall, there is like 22% growth 
and 15% or thereabouts is being contributed by new agents that got added in FY26, which 
means roughly 7% to 8% of growth was from the agents that were on boarded up until 
FY25. Is this the growth rate for agents that have been added previously? Will this growth 
rate sustain or are we anticipating this number to improve? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
This specific year, this number got depressed a little bit because our Middle East is our 
oldest market. The old cohorts are heavily dominated by the Middle East travel agencies 
and they saw a very massive hit in their business in March. So, that has depressed the 
numbers somewhat, we would expect this to be a little bit higher from where it was this 
year. 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Pranaya Jain: 
Understood. My last question is on the debt that we have on our books, by when do we 
plan to bring it down? 
Vikas Jain: 
We have a debt for a period of five years. So, we have a moratorium on repayment for one 
year. A repayment would start from Q3 of this year and would be, would remain there for 
another four years. Unless in future we decide to repay, but that's the current agreement 
that we have signed. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Got it, got it. Those were my questions. Thank you so much for the opportunity and all the 
best to the team.  
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Pranaya. We have a follow-up question from the line of Mr. Karan Uppal. Karan, 
kindly proceed. 
Karan Uppal: 
Yes, thanks for the follow-up. Gaurav, can you give the data on our business mix of retail 
versus API at the moment? 
Vikas Jain: 
At an enterprise level for the hotel business, would roughly sit around, 50:50. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
So, about 50:50 on GTV and probably higher for retail on GP 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, got it. Another question was on APAC. So, for last five to six quarters, APAC has done 
really well, and I believe that it is all organic. Could you provide some color in terms of 
which countries are contributing the most and how's the outlook in APAC geography? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
So Karan, I think we started Australia and did some serious investments in that market and 
that has started to deliver well for us. We also have some large API partners who are based 
out of APAC, though they may be selling globally. That also contributes to growth. On the 
Whole, we do believe this market is obviously a promising market. It's a large, growing 
travel market. But we are also starting on a small base over here. Having said that, it is a 
very price competitive market compared to Europe and North America. So, that is a factor 
to play in. But yes, we remain quite optimistic about this market overall. 
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, thanks. Another question was on air. So, the air GTV is now back to Rs. 3,400 crore 
level on an organic basis. So, with domestic and international capacity being cut though on 
a short-term basis, but how should we think about the air GTV growth from here on? 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
I can't give qualitative guidance, but what I can say that the trajectory for Q1 is definitely a 
shade better than Q4. And hopefully, we will continue the momentum as we move into this 
financial year.  
Karan Uppal: 
Last is on ETR, how much should we expect the ETR for the FY27? 

                                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited                 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Vikas Jain: 
The expected tax rate for ETR would be similar in the range of in the Q4, which would be 
around 18% to 18.5%.  
Karan Uppal: 
Okay, got it. Thanks and all the best.  
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Karan. That was the last question for today. Thank you everyone for 
participating in the call. I now hand over the call to Mr. Ankush Nijhawan for his closing 
remarks. 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Thank you everyone for joining our Earnings Call. I think some very nice, interesting 
questions. We are glad that we could answer everyone. If anybody has any follow-up 
questions, feel free to reach anyone from TBO and more than happy to answer any query 
you might have any follow-up questions as well. Thank you so much and see you next 
quarter. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Ankush. On behalf of TBO Tek Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription errors. The Company 
or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
