 
 
 
June 03, 2026 
 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Exchange Plaza,  
C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Scrip Code: ELGIEQUIP 
BSE Limited (BSE)
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 522074 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Q4 - 2025-26 Analyst/ Investor Con-call held on May 29, 2026 
 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 
RegulaƟons, 2015, please ﬁnd enclosed the transcript of Q4-2025-26 Analysts/Investor Con-
call held on Friday, May 29, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid informaƟon is also being made available on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://www.elgi.com/in/investors/analyst-conferences/.  
 
The above is for your informaƟon and record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
FOR ELGI EQUIPMENTS LIMITED 
 
 
ROHIT GUPTE 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: A12422 
 
Encl.: as above  
ROHIT 
JAGANNA
TH GUPTE
Digitally signed by 
ROHIT JAGANNATH 
GUPTE 
Date: 2026.06.03 
14:35:46 +05'30'

Q4 2025-26 – INVESTOR MEET  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAIRAM VARADARAJ – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MODERATOR: ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
Moderator:  
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Asian Markets, we welcome you all to the Q4 and FY 25-26 
earnings webinar of Elgi Equipments Limited. We have with us today Mr. Jairam Varadaraj, Managing 
Director, representing the company. I request Mr. Jairam to take us through the Fourth quarter and 
yearly numbers presentation, followed by a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
 
Management:  
Thank you very much, Kamlesh. Thank you, Asian Markets, as always, for organizing this investor 
analyst call. And ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your time, for joining us this morning. 
As always, I will start with an EBITDA reconciliation, comparing the last year to the current year. So, if 
you look at it, there has been an increase in EBITDA, but the story is not complete. Our sales grew by 
about 12%, contribution got impacted due to product mix and a little bit by tariffs. At the moment, 
tariff is completely normal. I mean, it's neutralized for us. But during the year, because of the variation 
in tariffs starting from 10% to 50% inventory at various levels, we had this marginal impact. So, EBITDA 
should have been about 2,100 odd million. And so, the main difference has been employee cost. In 
the employee cost, there's been a 16% increase, primarily because both in the US and in Europe, we 
have been reorganizing to bring some of the processes back to India like we are creating a shared 
service organization, we are investing into it. So, part of the cost has been the settlement cost one 
time and the increase in the headcount in India to compensate for that. So, overall, this is a good 
investment for the future. Other expenses have grown by about 8% because of our investments in 
various IT initiatives. So overall, I think the story is pretty good, there's nothing to be concerned about. 
 
Moving forward from a sales point of view, all our regions except Australia and Southeast Asia grew. 
And it's been a good story as far as the revenue is concerned. I will talk about specific challenges after 
I complete this presentation. So these are the financial highlights. Like I said, our revenue grew by 12% 
and our PBT grew by 17%. It could have been higher, but there are some initiatives that we are doing, 
structural corrections that we are doing that absorb some costs. From a sales mix point of view, it's 
pretty much stable between compressors and automotive equipment and in the compressor business 
between India and the rest of the world, pretty much 50-50, 90-10 is a rough kind of a distribution. 
So, if you look at the consolidated financials, you will see for the year we have done close to 4000 
crores. And the main thing has been there has been a wage code impact that has been affecting all 
companies. We made that provision in the third quarter and that is getting reflected here. And the big 
depreciation increase has been primarily the leases, which are now, we sold property in the US and 
took on property on lease and leases are now accounted a little differently. And that's why there is 
this impact. Moving on to our net cash position, it continues to be pretty solid. We continue to 
generate 100% of the EBITDA as cash, even normalizing for extraordinary cash inflow like sale of 
property. Despite that, we've been able to do it.  
 
So, we are in a good position, and we continue to be in a good position as far as cash is concerned. So, 
this is the last slide I have. I'll tell a little bit about what we expect for this year. The first quarter will 
continue to be strong for us. We will perform from a top line point of view very similarly as what we 
have done in terms of growth in the last year, maybe a little better. Bottom line will roughly be the 
same in terms of percentages. So, it is still a good story for the first quarter. We are not sure about 
how long the metal commodity prices are going to continue. So, this is something that we are watching 
very carefully. We are comfortable until June, and we are taking stock of what could be the scenarios 
going forward. Currently, it feels very similar to the year after COVID, where there was a weekly, 

monthly marching of commodity prices. And that seems to be happening even now. The last time we 
were kind of blindsided, we didn't watch this carefully and we took a hit on our profitability. We're 
going to learn from that. We're not going to let that happen. We will correct prices when there is a 
demand to do so. The impact of those price increases is a little difficult to predict in terms of the 
market demands, whether they will sustain at new prices. We are not worried about the competitive 
reality because these commodity prices are affecting pretty much everyone. So that's really the 
situation. As far as the overall business outlook, India continues to be strong for us across all the 
business verticals. America is doing very well for us.  
 
We did some reorganization, reorientation, and almost all the verticals are beginning to fire now. We 
are not resting on that. We are making some more changes in our organization and focus and our go-
to-market to sustain it and even take it to the next level. Europe has been a consolidation story, a cost 
realignment story, which we have completed. So, it is in a good shape, the size of the organization and 
the cost of the organization currently is in line with the size of the business that is there in Europe. So, 
Europe will be profitable. And we are looking to build because Europe is still a strategic market, it's a 
large market, a little bit more complex than other parts of the world. But definitely we are well 
entrenched there and we are in a good position to grow it. So, if the West Asia war and the global 
geopolitical situations stabilize, I think we are in a very solid position. So, this is really what I wanted 
to share and if there are specific questions, I'll be happy to answer them. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir, for your opening remarks. We'll just wait for a couple of minutes for the question queue 
to assemble before we take in the first question. 
 
Management:  
Sure. 
 
Moderator:  
Sir, first question, I'll take it from the line of Mr. Harshit. Harshit, you may unmute yourself and go 
ahead with your question. 
 
Harshit Patel:  
Thank you very much for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations on a very good quarter, sir. 
 
Management:  
Thank you, Harshit. How are you? 
 
Harshit Patel:  
Good, good, good, sir. Sir, firstly, on the realizations, what was the blended realization growth for us 
in FY26, combining both price increases that we would have taken and any improvement in the 
product mix? I believe that default inbuilt stabilizer would have helped overall pricing especially in the 
second half of the year. 
 
Management:  
So, no, good question, Harshit. Now, the... Overall increase, I would say the volume growth across 
multiple verticals on average was around 3 to 4 percent, right. Pricing was hardly much because we 
did launch the Demand=Match in the month of September. We have got very good traction in terms 
of market share and better price realization. But in terms of the contribution of Demand=Match 
embedded products to the overall sales, it's a very small thing. So, I would attribute a very small 
percentage at the moment for Demand=Match contributing to the growth. Exchange has been a 

significant contributor for us. As you know, we are a significant net earner of foreign exchange. And 
because of that, we have had a positive situation. So that's how I would summarize it. 
 
Harshit Patel:  
Understood. So just a follow up on that. If we were to maintain the gross margins at the current FY26 
levels, what kind of price hikes are required for FY27? Believing that the commodities will stay where 
they are right now. Obviously, some part of the backward integration that we are doing those 
initiatives would help, but what kind of realization growth will have to happen? 
 
Management:  
So, when we did this exercise in February, March, in terms of projecting into the future, what kind of 
cost increases that will come, which will necessitate for us to do some price corrections without taking 
into account any positive foreign exchange movement. We looked at between 2 1/2 to 3% price 
correction, which has already been introduced in the market. Now, what has happened in the 
meantime from April, May, and probably in June, a large part of this increase, which normally would 
have happened progressively, the material cost increase that we project normally would have 
happened progressively throughout the year. But what has happened is that increase has already 
happened, big part of the increase, close to 80% of our projected increase, has already happened in 
the first quarter. So, what we need to do now is take stock of what will be the future and correct 
prices, which is what we will do in the month of June. 
 
Harshit Patel:  
Understood. Lastly, a book-keeping one. Was there any one-off in the other expenses in this quarter? 
I am asking this because other expenses at the standalone level increased sharply while the growth 
was not that sharp at the consolidated level. You mentioned about bringing back those shared services 
to India, was it attributable to that? 
 
Management:  
So part of it is our investment in our go to market that we had in India, which was sharpened there 
and some investments in IT, primarily our PLM investment. So those were the things that kind of 
skewed us in the other expenses. 
 
Harshit Patel:  
Understood, sir. Perfect. Thank you very much for answering my questions. I'll come back into it. 
 
Management:  
Yeah. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Harshit. Next, next question, we'll take it from the line of Mr. Ravi Swaminathan. Ravi, you 
may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
 Yeah, hi, sir. Good morning. Congrats on a very good set of numbers. 
  
Management:  
Got it. Thank you, Ravi. How are you? 
 
Ravi Swaminathan:  
I'm doing great, sir. My first question is with respect to the demand scenario in India, with respect to 
the traditional sectors of CapEx, like steel, cement, textile, etc. The general commentary has been that 

there is a recovery that is there in the CapEx, and you have also been highlighting it over the past few 
quarters. 
 
Management:  
Yeah. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: Do you see that accelerating, maintaining at the same place, or even decelerating? 
What's your sense on it? 
 
Management:  
At the moment, our inquiry levels continue to be strong. Conversion timing is getting a little elongated, 
which for us is a bit of a caution in the market. I don't think the markets are too concerned about the 
price increases or the cost increases. I think there is a bigger concern of when the West Asia situation 
is going to get resolved. Because every day there is a yo-yo, you know, morning there is a problem, 
evening there seems to be a resolution. So that uncertainty is causing a little bit of an issue. Just to 
give you a sense, I mean, once we found transport solutions to get our products into the Middle East, 
we're continuing to grow our sales then, right. So even in those markets, there is a desire to keep 
doing as though, you know, okay, there is a war. Let's park it on one side. Let us continue to do business 
as though it is normal. But the uncertainty is what is making people a little cautious in terms of, you 
know, hitting the enter button on the order. Yeah. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan:  
Understood, sir. And with respect to some of the emerging sectors like data centres, etc, how is our 
role panning out there? That's a market which is seeing significant amount of growth and many of the 
capital goods producers or some way or the other trying to get some business out of it. How are we 
thinking about it? 
 
Management:  
So we don't have a direct business in terms of a data centre. There is no need for a compressed air 
solution in any significant way. There are minor kind of plant level requirements. But, you know, the 
ancillary stuff that feeds into these data centres require compressed air in their production areas, and 
that is something that we are fully engaged with. Yeah. The other emerging things like solar and all 
that, we are quite solidly entrenched in it. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood, sir, and my final question is with respect to the US business, post the tariffs getting 
brought down, is the overall market seeing a recovery and how is our market share journey there 
panning out? 
 
Management:  
So, the tariff story, Ravi, is not complete. It's not been brought down. It is at various levels because it 
has moved to another section of the US regulations. The earlier section has been withdrawn. Yeah. So 
still, both the export from our factory from Italy and the factory in India, they have tariffs, right. And 
it is at, I think right now, it is close to 25 percent, right. Now, earlier it was 50 percent. You know, there 
was a lot of confusion in terms of what exactly it was. Now it seems to have settled down at 25 percent. 
Right. And there is also the talk about refund of past tariffs. We are engaged with the right agencies 
regarding that, but it's too early to talk about that. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan:  
Understood, sir. Got it, yeah. Thanks, a lot. 
 

Moderator:  
Thank you, Ravi. Sir, the next question we will take it from the line of Gokul Maheshwari. Gokul, you 
may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Gokul Maheshwari:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, could you just comment on the industry structure? Are you seeing 
any changes in competition, whether from at the lower end with respect to some of the Chinese 
players or also with respect to MNCs or other Indian companies who have increased capacities? and 
whether that is leading to a different industry structure in the compressor market. 
 
Management:  
The overall industry structure is pretty much stable, not only in India, but in the rest of the world. The 
only segment where there is a bit of a churn is in the bottom segment where the Chinese players are 
making really low-cost machines and selling to just about anybody in the world who's interested in 
getting into the compressible stuff. So, we see this in India, but we're also seeing this in Europe. We 
are seeing it in the US and pretty much in every market that they are there. Now, we recognized this 
a few years ago and we started building our strategy out. Our products are now ready, validated. Now 
we'll be launching that in response to it in India first in September and then the rest of the world next 
year. 
 
Gokul Maheshwari:  
Okay, great. Thank you. And just second, just a follow up on the question by the previous participant 
on demand. If you could just sort of double click with respect to which areas where you are expecting 
demand to be strong in India, which sectors or subsegments of the compressor market? 
 
Management:  
So, compressors are pretty much used by all industrial sectors. Some industry verticals requirement 
of compressors is large and infrequent. So, if you look at a steel mill, the requirement will be very 
large, but it won't be very frequent. I mean, they set up a steel mill and the next 10 years, they're 
probably nothing. So, the characteristic keeps changing year on year. So, there is no stability in terms 
of saying, this is the industry that contributes the most. Across the board, we have a demand. So, if 
you look at some of the verticals like food processing, general engineering, foundry, forging, these 
kind of remain stable throughout the year, right. The rest of the large guys come and go. 
 
Gokul Maheshwari:  
Great, thank you so much, and all the best for the coming year. 
 
Management:  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Gokul. Sir, the next question we'll take is from the line of Mr. Bala Subramanian. Bala, you 
may unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
 
Bala Subramanian:  
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, my first question, we are working on 
a new technology in vacuum. So, the market size is around $3 billion, which is larger than compressors 
in some segments. So, I'm trying to understand what specific applications are customer pain point, in 
your new vacuum technologies targeting where the competitors ignored. 
 
 

Management:  
So vacuum as a business is not larger than compressors. So that is point number one. Point #2 is we 
are a very late entrant into the vacuum business. But as part of the $25 billion opportunity globally, 
that we are aspiring to play in, Vacuum is almost 12 to 15% of that size. And therefore, it's a segment 
that we need to be playing in. So what we have done through a license agreement with DVP is an entry 
strategy into that business and this entry strategy is for us to learn about the business at a very low 
cost learning platform, understand the business, understand the technology, parallelly start 
incubating technology vectors that will give us a competitive advantage in the future. So, this is a very, 
it's a long, it's a 10-to-12-year program. This is not something that we can go tomorrow and start 
looking at huge growth. Yeah. 
 
Bala Subramanian:  
Okay, sir. So, in my second question, the Europe breakeven is expected after a cost restructuring, but 
the core market, how it is growing like Spain, UK, France, and Italy, and how you are planning to deploy 
more capital in those regions? Or we just want to maintain the market share or minimizing losses. 
 
Management:  
So the market is still there. The growth in the market is a little muted for obvious reasons. They have 
multiple problems. They have the Ukraine war and then they have the energy crisis on their hands. 
And they have also the inflations that are there in different parts of the country, unemployment in 
different countries. So, they have multiplicity of problems. So therefore, the growth has been a little 
muted, but the market continues to be large. Now, for us, the growth vector is to gain market share 
organically. We are not looking at any inorganic play in Germany at this point in time, or in Europe at 
this point in time. Germany is 1 country that we have never done business in that's something that we 
are exploring to see how we can enter and gain a reasonable position in the market. So that's a growth 
opportunity for us. We are not interested in investing more capital in Europe at this point in time. 
 
Bala Subramanian:  
Yes, sir. Sir, my last question, I think more than 95 percentage of our motors are in-house, where the 
lead time is nearly three days compared to three to six months from China importing. So, I'm trying to 
understand whether our in-house motors have some specific design advantage, like integrating motor 
cooling with compressor cooling that cannot be replicated by our competitors. Apart from this lead 
time, what are the advantages we have, sir? 
 
Management:  
So one is the design of our motors are fundamentally giving us a cost advantage which is not reliant 
on Indians being cheap, right. So, we are not using a factor cost advantage as a means to keep our 
motor costs low. So, it's a design principle that is giving us a cost advantage, that's point no.1, Point 
no.2 is given the capability that we have built in motor design and manufacturing, we have now a wide 
degree of freedom to innovate on motors, and you will see that in the next year, year and a half, our 
launch of a completely new range of motors that are going to add a significant value to the 
compressor, right. So that is in terms of cooling and whether it's oil cooled, whether it's air cooled, 
these are all the technical choices that are made that doesn't, it's not something that somebody can 
do or cannot do. We can do it. Can a competitor, do it? They probably are already doing it, and the 
others can do it too. So those are not the things. It's the fundamental design of the motor. Yeah. 
 
Bala Subramanian:  
Thank you so much for the detailed explanation, sir. All the best. 
 
Management:  
Thank you. 

 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Bala. Sir, while we wait for a few questions to come on call, I'll take a few questions from 
the chat, sir. 
 
Management:  
Sure. 
 
Moderator:  
One minute, sir. So, there's a question from Mike. What are the key underlying drivers of demand for 
compressors in India and America, example by industry? 
 
Management:  
The demand for compressors is, you know, it's not driven by, it is primarily driven by industrial growth, 
and industrial growth converts into capacity increases and to support those capacities, the compressor 
demand goes up. See, compressed air is a utility, just like electricity. So, when your capacity goes up 
in a factory, you're increasing your capacity, you need more compressed air to support that additional 
capacity. So those are the drivers. Now, if you look at the US, there has been an inverting of 
manufacturing as an overall national strategy, besides that, there is the economy for you know, 
unexplained reasons, there is a growth in the economy. So, you combine these two and then there is 
a demand for more capacity and therefore there is a demand for compressed air. The same situation 
in India. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. The next question is from Sentil Kumar in the chat. For the past year, starting from 
Trump tariff, Russia war, then came the Labour code and now with Iran-US war, so much uncertainty 
over the period. So, now can we say that we have weathered out all and are going to, Going forward, 
all can be good years coming, sir. 
 
Management:  
Well, I wish I could predict the economic, political economy of this world. If we can, then I'll be in a 
different profession. But what is important to recognize is, you know, these challenges are going to 
come. The ability to, the real thing is how to architect the organization to recognize these challenges 
early on and respond swiftly to it. And I think the team has done a great job and demonstrated it. 
When the tariffs came in, we responded very swiftly. We made sure that despite a 50% increase in 
tariffs, we maintained our profitability, we grew our business. Now the West Asia war and the 
attendant increase in fossil fuel prices and downstream petrochemical products. The team has again 
done a great job, continues to do a great job. I think that's the true indication of the maturity and the 
agility of the organisation. I think that's what we need to keep investing into to make sure that we 
retain and grow that strength. Yeah. 
 
Moderator:  
So, the next question in chat is from Mr. Vipul Kumar: So, what is the progress on introducing low-cost 
compressors in response to Chinese compressors? 
 
Management: 
Yeah, so this question was asked a little earlier. Right now, we have finalized the design and validation 
of the products, and the range has been completed. Our marketing strategy is in the final stages of 
being designed and executed. We hope to launch in September. 
 
 

Moderator:  
Sir, can you quantify Forex gains for this quarter and the year, please? 
 
Management:  
I don't have the number immediately in front of me, but we could, if you can reach out to our finance 
organization through our Investor Connect email address, we'll certainly be able to share that. 
 
Moderator:  
Sure, so can you give the EBITDA performance for Europe for the quarter and the year? 
 
Management:  
So the EBITDA performance for Europe in the year has been a loss. I don't have the exact loss number 
in front of me. For the quarter, it was a breakeven. 
 
Moderator:  
So now I take the question from the line of Mr. Salil Desai. Salil, you may unmute yourself and go 
ahead with your question. 
 
Salil Desai:  
Thanks, Kamlesh. Good morning, Dr. Jairam.  
 
Management:  
Good, good morning, Salil.  
 
Salil Desai:  
So, my question is, I think last quarter you mentioned that there was a kind of organization-wide 
inventory optimization drive, better demand forecasting tool that you were implementing. You know, 
if you can just update on what the status there is and when can you see the benefits coming through. 
 
Management:  
So, um, I'm glad you asked that question. There has been significant progress. So, if you look at our 
current cash position, part of it has been contributed by the inventory rationalization that we did. 
What we have done so far is just the low hanging fruit, primarily in the regions where we are, which 
are selling Elgi products, both units and spare parts, those where we were able to quickly bring a 
significant reduction. We were able to do that also in Rotair in response to a muted growth. So those 
two are in the bag. What we are working on is our distribution businesses in Australia and the US, 
where we service also other brands of compressors and there are inventory pertaining to other brands 
of compressors. We are now looking at building processes and tools to be able to manage that. So, we 
still have an opportunity. Having said that, even in India, in the plant, we also see some opportunities. 
So, we will see continued improvement in our inventory levels into the next year in FY27. We have 
completed the project on better forecasting. The results are good, but we still have some way to go. 
We need to, we are at an accuracy level of maybe 60, 70 percent. We need to move it to around 90, 
then we'll be a lot more comfortable in terms of sustaining this in the future. 
 
Salil Desai:  
Great. The second question is, you know, these investments that you've been making, I think on GTM 
strategies, there's some software development in-house it was going on. And all of this has been going 
around for about, I guess, a year or so. You know, how much more is left and when again do you see 
an ROI on these investments? 
 
 

 
Management:  
So GTM is strategy, GTM investment was primarily in India. That went on for almost a 2 1/2-year 
period. We don't see any further investment requirement in India. Now we are basically looking at 
execution rigor. That's on the GTM in India, we will look at certain GTM opportunities in the US. US is 
now beginning to do well. There are opportunities for us to move it to the next level of orbit. We will 
do a very measured intervention in very specific areas to be able to do that. A little early to say when 
that will come and what will be the value of it. But in principle, we are looking at those kinds of 
opportunities to give us organic growth. In terms of IT, this is going to be another three-to-four-year 
journey, right. As we globalize, we need to make sure that our processes, as part of our risk 
management, compliance, control systems, our processes have to be very strong, right. That is 1 
intervention that we are looking at. Intervene on some sort of an assignment to build out our 
processes that are aligned to our aspiration and convert those processes on a digital platform. So, 
these things will be ongoing for the next three to four years at least, right. Now, we are looking at 
standards and benchmarks of what we need to do and we are very, very careful in terms of saying 
when we should invest in what. So, to summarize, GTM could probably happen In the US, this whole 
transformation, improvement of process and digital investments will continue for the next three to 
four years. 
 
Salil Desai:  
Understood. So just to make sure I understand this right, the investments overall, all of these put 
together, which will give a future return, it is fair to expect that they'll continue through FY27 at least, 
if not longer.  
 
Management:  
Yes, yes, yes, yeah, yeah.  
 
Salil Desai:  
Okay. All right. Thank you very much, sir. Thank you. 
 
Management:  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, Salil. Sir, I'll open the line of Kamlesh ji for his questions. 
 
Management:  
Ok. 
 
Moderator:  
Kamlesh Ji. 
 
Management:  
Yeah Kamlesh. 
 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Just wanted to check, sir. Can we see this year if European markets we see some turnaround in terms 
of the operational profitability point profit? 
 
 
 

Management:  
Absolutely, absolutely. We, at the worst case, we expected to break even, but more realistic case is a 
marginal profitability, yeah. 
 
Kamlesh Kotak: OK. Right, OK, and how is the North American market with respect to both industrial 
and Pattons? 
 
Management: North American, right? So, like I said, Pattons Medical has done well, it's grown. 
Portable, despite the market conditions where, you know, portable goes through a cycle, you know, 
whenever there is an infrastructure development, then there is a investment by rental companies and 
that causes a peak, then rental companies are busy with their assets. That is a trough. So, in spite of 
that, we have done well in portables. Industrial has done exceedingly well for us. The distribution 
business, the opportunity is large compared to last year, especially in the last two quarters we have 
done well. And we are, that's where we talked about the GTM to have a specific intervention to bring 
some process orientation, which will give us that, you know, additional growth in these models. So, 
quite optimistic about North America. 
 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Okay. And domestically, Jai, would you want to call out any of the segments in terms of construction, 
mining or water well or textile or pharma chemical where you see good traction of demand? 
 
Management:  
It is not in any one sector, Kamlesh. There is an across-the-board positive inquiry level, right. But there 
is caution and the caution is primarily not so much India capability. It's more the West Asia problem 
as to how it is going to land on India's head. You know, in terms of energy security, in terms of metal 
commodity prices, yeah, so I'm hoping if the powers in the world will settle these issues quickly so 
that the world moves on, yeah. 
 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Yeah. And anything specific regarding the two government focused businesses, maybe how big we are 
in defence and also railways, which is of course a good market for us. 
 
Management:  
So railways is an India-centric business. We are present in the inter-city railway business. We are not 
present in the metros, right. Metros have been primarily global tenders, and these are global electrical 
multiple unit manufacturers that supply to them, and they are homologated with their own vendors, 
whether it is in Korea or Japan or in Europe. So, we are trying to get into them, but it's a very long 
process, right. So, our focus is primarily intercity, and that's been a forte for us, but I would not say it's 
a big business; it is a business that we have been present in for a while, yeah, so that is there. Defence, 
we are not directly making any defence related products, right and in principle, defence is a very 
cyclical business. You know, you will get a large order lumped together and after that you do work, 
right. Companies that are global in the defence business can do defence today for India, tomorrow for 
Korea, third day for the Middle East, 4th day for Brazil, 5th day for Israel. So, they have a steady pipeline 
of business. If you build a defence business only for India, then it's not something, first of all, we want 
to be in compressors and we don't want to do beyond that. Right. Are there opportunities in the 
defence for compressors? Yes. In our joint venture business, we are supplying high pressure 
compressors for the Navy, right? The aircraft carrier Vikrant has our compressor, right? There are 
certain frigates and destroyers that have our compressors in it. So that's our limited presence. We are 
not really building any defence related truck. 
 
 

Kamlesh Kotak:  
Sure. Right. And lastly, how much CapEx we have planned for this year? Last year, I guess we overall 
invested 1.5 billion. So, what's budget in this year? 
 
Management:  
Yeah. So, we have our, you know, the larger project of progressively shifting our factory from the city 
to the new plant that will absorb about 120, 130 crores this year, right? Besides that, we will probably 
have a normal you know, balancing CapEx of around 70 crores. So totally about 200 crores. But 
Kamlesh, most of the time, the desire to spend is much higher than the capability to spend. So, this is 
something that we keep saying. 
 
Kamlesh Kotak: 
Sure. Right, great. OK. So, since there are no more questions, then we'll conclude the call. Any closing 
remarks you would want to make so. 
 
Management:  
Thank you very much. No, nothing. Thank you very much, Kamlesh, for your support and Asian markets 
for continuing to support us on these calls and I look forward to engaging with everyone for the first 
quarter as well. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much, sir. Participants, you may disconnect your line. Thank you. 
 
Kamlesh Kotak:  
Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
 
Management:  
Thank you. 
 
