 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
To, 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited  
2nd Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
SCRIP CODE : 543288 
To, 
Corporate Relations Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
SYMBOL : DEEPINDS 
 
Sub: 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015- Transcript of Earnings Call  
 
Respected Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of audio call recording of the Company’s Earning Call held to 
discuss the Audited Financial Results (standalone and consolidated) for the Quarter and Financial Year 
ended on 31st March, 2026. 
 
The 
Transcript 
will 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.deepindustries.com/call-transcript.html. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For, Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Shilpa Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.No.: A34516 
 
Encl: a/a 
SHILPA 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by SHILPA SHARMA
DN: cn=SHILPA SHARMA c=IN 
o=Personal
Reason: I am the author of this 
document
Location: 
Date: 2026-05-21 15:56+05:30

Page 1 of 20 
 
   
 
 
“Deep Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
   
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PARAS SAVLA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DEEP INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ROHAN SHAH – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND  CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – DEEP INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ROHAN BARANWAL – ARIHANT CAPITAL 
MARKETS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to The Deep Industries Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rohan Baranwal from Arihant Capital Markets 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Baranwal: 
Hello, and good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, I thank 
you all for joining the call into the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Con Call of Deep Industries. 
Today from the management, we have Mr. Paras Savla, the Chairman and Managing Director 
of the company; Mr. Rohan Shah, the Director  Finance and CFO of the company. So without 
any further delay, I'll hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Paras Savla: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss our performance for 
the year ended 31st March 2026. We sincerely appreciate your continued interest and 
confidence in Deep Industries. I trust you have had the opportunity to review our financial 
results, press release and investor presentation, which have been made available on the 
company website and stock exchanges. 
 
I'm joined today with our Director, Finance and CFO, Mr. Rohan Shah, who will take you 
through the financial performance for the year ended 31st March 2026 in detail after my 
remarks. Let me briefly take you through India's macroeconomic environment and the 
evolving dynamics of the energy sector. 
The oil and gas sector is transitioning from a period of crisis management to a structural 
rebalancing. While 2026 was dominated by the shock of Strait of Hormuz closure, FY27 is 
expected to see a demand rebound as supply flows normalize. 
 
According to current projections from EIA and OPEC, global oil demand is set to grow by 1.6 
million barrels per day in 2027, reaching a record high of 106.2 million to 107.8 million 
barrels a day. Asia remains the primary driver of incremental demand, but the sentiment is one 
of energy security overhauls. A massive push is expected in FY27 towards natural gas as a 
bridge fuel.  
India and China are aggressively expanding LNG regasification infrastructure to reduce 
reliance on volatile crude markets. India has rationalized royalty rates for oil and gas 
companies under the Oilfields Regulation and Development Act to boost growth in the 
upstream sector. Just this month, May 2026, the government slashed royalty rates to attract 
global majors and incentivize domestic players like ONGC to tackle difficult fields. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Royalty is now calculated on wellhead price with a fixed deduction 15% to 20%, removing the 
long-term -- long-standing disputes over post-production cost deductions. This marks a new 
era for India's oil and gas sector by removing long-standing inconsistencies in the royalty 
framework. To increase domestic production by FY27, the Indian government has pivoted 
from a revenue sharing mindset to an exploration first strategy. 
The goal is to reverse the decade-long decline in crude production, which dropped to 28.4 
MMT in 2024, '25 and hit the ambitious target of reducing oil import dependency. The 
government has launched special CBM rounds in 2025 and 2026. These unconventional 
sources are expected to start feeding into the national gas grid by early 2027, particularly in the 
Eastern states. 
 
One of the most aggressive moves in the 2026 strategy is the shrinking of no-go areas. Huge 
swath of the Indian exclusive economic zone that was previously restricted due to defense or 
environmental concerns, nearly 1 million square kilometers have been opened for seismic 
service and drilling. One nation, one grid. The strategy isn't about digging, it's about moving 
the product efficiently. 
 
Unified pipeline tariffs implemented to ensure that a factory in a remote area pays the same 
gas transport rate as one near a terminal. This incentivizes E&P companies by ensuring there is 
a steady national market for their gas. India's gas pipeline network is crossing 25,000 
kilometers in 2026, aiming to connect almost every state to the national grid by the end of 
FY27. 
 
With the vision of our Honorable Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modiji for Atmanirbhar 
Bharat, country is actively pursuing investments for its exploration and production sector as a 
part of broader USD500 billion opportunity in its energy infrastructure by 2030. We are 
strategically positioned to capitalize on this opportunity, reinforcing our commitment to 
national energy security and long-term value creation. 
 
Now I'll take you through the operational performance highlights and business momentum. 
During FY26, Deep Industries continued to deliver consistent operational performance with a 
sharp focus on safety, execution discipline and asset reliability across all operating sites. 
Across our core service offerings, onshore drilling, workover services, gas processing and 
production enhancement, asset utilization remained healthy during the quarter. 
 
Continued policy thrust on expanding exploration acreage, strengthening gas infrastructure and 
enhanced [inaudible 0:06:45] integrated oilfield services. Our order book remains robust, 
revolving consistently over INR3,000 crores, providing multiyear revenue visibility and 
reinforcing confidence in our long-term growth outlook. 
On the business updates, with regards to Kandla Energy and Chemicals Limited, we had 
acquired the company under corporate insolvency and resolution process in March 2025. The 
intent for this acquisition was to do a backward integration, enabling the management to 
source the chemicals and hydrocarbon fluids in-house that was manufactured by Kandla. 
Kandla was eventually merged with Deep Industries Limited effective from 30th March 2026. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
The appointed date of the scheme is 31st March 2025. Following the acquisition of Kandla in 
March 2025, management adopted a conservative accounting approach regarding inherited 
trade receivables. The company deferred the recognition of certain legacy receivables pending 
a full recoverability assessment. 
We initiated a comprehensive 12-month reconciliation and recovery program to validate the 
collectability of these old trade receivables. After a year of intensive collection efforts and due 
diligence, it was determined that these old trade receivables do not meet our criteria for 
realization. 
 
Consequently, to ensure a transparent and high-quality balance sheet as a part of our balance 
sheet strengthening exercise, the company has elected to write off these legacy trade 
receivables. This nonrecurring and noncash adjustment reflects our commitment to financial 
discipline. This has not impacted our core cash profitability in FY2026. 
Our net cash flow from the operating activities have been increased to INR270 crores in FY26 
from INR210 crores in FY2025.  
In January 2026, a gas leak occurred during workover operations at Well Mori-5 in Andhra 
Pradesh under our production enhancement contract. Our emergency protocols and robust 
safety systems enabled a swift response in close coordination with ONGC and regulatory 
authorities. The situation was fully contained within 5 days. We are pleased to report that there 
were no injuries or loss of life.  
While the incident has resulted into a 5- to 6-month shift in our production enhancement time 
line, keeping safety as our highest priority, our focus remains on resuming production 
enhancement operations and meeting our long-term output targets. 
On strategic priorities with strengthened leadership team, the company is now set for 
continued growth for operational excellence and innovation. We are confident of sustainable 
growth in years to come by capturing new opportunities and deliver long-term value to our 
stakeholders. 
 
In closing, we will continue our efforts on adopting best corporate governance and higher 
safety standards. Further, I would like to show our gratitude towards our employees for their 
dedication and professionalism, our clients for their continued trust and our partners for their 
collaboration. We also thank our investors for their ongoing support and confidence in these 
industries. 
With that, I now invite Rohan to take you through the financial highlights for quarter 4 and 
FY26. Thank you. 
Rohan Shah: 
Thank you, Paras bhai. Investor friends, thank you for joining the call today. Happy to share 
with you another excellent quarterly and full year performance of Deep Industries Limited, 
reporting growth of more than 50% year-on-year. All the comparisons are on year-on-year 
basis, which would provide a fair evaluation. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
As already mentioned by Paras bhai, under exceptional item, we have taken write-off of 
around INR208 crores of Kandla legacy trade receivables after intensive recovery process. 
However, the said write-off has not impacted our cash flows. 
With regards to operational revenue for Q4 FY26, it has rose to INR248.7 crores, up by 49% 
year-on-year. For full year operating revenue jumped by 55% to INR891 crores. The strong 
growth momentum in top line comes from execution of our orders as well as consistent new 
order flows. 
 
Control over costing and operational efficiencies have helped us post 71% year-on-year 
growth in EBITDA to INR106.85 crores in Q4 with EBITDA margin of 39%, and for full year 
EBITDA has shown growth of 44% to INR424.82 crores. 
Net profit for the fourth quarter, excluding onetime exception item net of tax was at INR148.6 
crores and for full year net profit, excluding onetime exception item net of tax stood at 
INR352.9 crores. Cash profit for the year stood at INR442 crores with cash profit margin of 
46%. Our return ratios have also improved significantly in this year. Our adjusted ROE 
reached to 21.8% and adjusted ROCE has reached to 19.2%. 
 
Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio has improved and remained very strong at 0.48. Our order book 
consistently revolving at INR3,000-plus crores gives us a clear visibility of growth in coming 
years. Through strategic diversification and expanded overseas operations, we have 
successfully reduced our single client dependence to below 40% of total operating revenue. 
As we look ahead to FY27, Deep Industries is well-positioned for bright and promising future 
with excellent growth, building our strong performance in recent years. We are confident in 
our ability to maintain this project -- this positive trajectory. 
 
As Paras bhai said, our success is driven by a solid foundation and operational excellence, a 
sharp focus on cost optimization and steadfast commitment to innovation. These strengths 
enable us to seize new opportunities as they arise in the energy sector. 
With this, I now open the forum for question-and-answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda Family. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Congratulation to all the Deep management for the excellent show for the FY26 and also for 
the -- taking the -- or trimming the balance sheet and making it very light. My questions are 
whether all the receivables are written off or still legacy debtors are still pending? And if it is 
pending, what are your views, why it has been -- not been written off? 
Rohan Shah: 
So we have written off all old trade receivables of Kandla Energy. With our extensive effort of 
recoverability, we decided that it is not recoverable anymore. And so we decided to write-off 
those old trade receivables of Kandla. With regards to other legacy trade receivables of 
Dolphin, we have kept them outstanding in our books considering the arbitration awards 
received in our favor. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
So out of total INR160 crores of Dolphin Group trade receivables, we have a good amount of 
arbitration award in our favor. And considering that as well as the client relationship, we are 
very optimistic on recovering all those trade receivables, and that's how we have kept them 
outstanding. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
So if you remove that legacy receivables of Dolphin, then our debt numbers are quite lower, 
right, much lower than it is reported? 
Rohan Shah:  
Yes. 
Sudhir Bheda:  
Yes and sir, with the kind of order books we have, so what kind of growth do you project for 
next 2 years, like FY27 and FY28? 
Paras Savla: 
So with the current trend that is going on, we are quite optimistic that this trajectory of growth 
that has been witnessed in past few years should keep continuing. But our sense is that it could 
be more than 25% to 30%. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great. So that still on the higher base, it will continue -- will continue to grow at a healthy 
pace? 
Paras Savla: 
Yes. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
So that means that FY28 can we see a profit of maybe INR450 crores or INR500 crores kind 
of -- is it possible? 
Paras Savla: 
So with the growing trajectory, I don't see that to be an issue or to be a concern because the 
growth has already been demonstrated for past few years. And with the current situation that 
has arisen in relation to the crude oil, I think India has put a lot of focus on drilling activities 
and trying to produce more of oil and gas. So definitely, this will enhance our business 
opportunities. And keeping that in mind, I think that could be quite possible. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great. And sir, last question. Now recently, government has come out with the coal 
gasification scheme. So do we qualify for that? Do we have a technology for coal gasification? 
Or it is like can we, are planning to venture into this? 
Paras Savla: 
Various areas where company is actively looking into it. One of that, as we had already 
mentioned earlier that we were exploring the possibilities of green hydrogen projects. Having 
said that coal gasification, geothermal is something that is aligning to our business activities. 
So going forward, we might -- so we have already started looking into it. And at an 
appropriate, we may look into this with a strong commitment as we go forward. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Great, great. And if you allow, sir, last question. So now there is a delay in production 
enhancement scheme. So then will you trim down the project or you are still that whatever 
target you have set for FY27, that will be achieved for production sharing contract? 
Paras Savla: 
So as I mentioned, because of the incident that took place, our activities have been a bit 
delayed for a quarter or 2. Once -- I think we -- it should be regularizing maybe a month or 2 
may more. But going forward, these numbers or the projections that what we have should 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
come around. Maybe it will have an impact of maximum, as I mentioned, 1 or 2 quarters, but 
everything else is just intact. 
Sudhir Bheda :                      Thank you very much and All the best. 
Paras Savla  :                        Thank You 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Moneybee. Please go ahead. 
Manan Shah: 
Ya hi, Thank you for the opportunity and Congratulations for good set of numbers. My first 
question was on Dolphin. So in this quarter, we have seen a spike in the revenues of Dolphin 
as well as on the expense side. So can you provide some light of what has transpired in 
Dolphin in the current quarter? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So in Dolphin, we had a good quarter in terms of revenue. So our revenue has jumped up. 
And along with it, it was some expenditure has also been rosen. So there was one opportunity 
ongoing where we had some higher rates in between the contract. And so with that higher rates 
with gross revenue, the expenditure was also rose to the extent. 
Manan Shah: 
Like compared to the results to the December quarter where we were having net of expense 
revenue and margins, the profitability was much healthier. So I mean, taking this opportunity, 
overall, our profitability was impacted rather than being positively impacted? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, yes. So overall profitability in terms of actual profit would remain intact. Probably in 
terms of margin, you will have seen a little decline. But if you look from profit perspective, it 
would be in line. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. My second question was in terms of the -- in the presentation, we are talking of getting 
into higher HP drilling rigs. I believe you're talking about 2,000 HP. We have tried this earlier 
also via a JV. So this is the same opportunity that we are again reexploring? And what gives 
you the confidence of qualifying this time? 
Paras Savla: 
So these tenders have been coming in the past, but we believe that as we go forward, the kind 
of inquiries that could be floated from our clients would be much higher in numbers. And we 
are sure with the qualification, we will surely qualify for the same. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. So this time, we'll be doing it by ourselves or again, we are going to be doing it via a 
JV? 
Paras Savla: 
Of course, it would be via JV. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. And what is the current bid pipeline? 
Paras Savla: 
It's close to around INR500 crores, INR600-odd crores. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. My next question was on the PEC contract. So there has been a stop production order 
given by the APPCB over there on the Mori-5 well. So I wanted to understand whether the 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
enhancement of production in this particular -- how critical was Mori-5 in that entire plan? 
And how do we plan to then get around this stop production order over there? 
Paras Savla: 
This stop production order was given only for this particular well, which is already in a 
question. So we have already shut off this well for now for all the compliance and regulatory 
matters. In short span of time, we may try to keep this well activated, but that is again in the 
eventuality or in the passage of some time. 
So it is difficult for us to really comment on this. But barring this stop order, this was restricted 
only to that particular well. All our other activities related to other wells and the areas for gas 
production, they are completely intact, and we are still producing gas and we are selling the 
gas. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. So despite the stop production for this particular well, we are still confident that once 
the operations commence, we should be able to get to that run rate of INR120 crores to 
INR150-odd crores from this particular contract? 
Paras Savla: 
Yes, yes. So we are already doing some amount of -- I mean, a reasonable amount of gas 
production. But as I mentioned, there is a gap of around 1 or 2 quarters for the equipment to be 
hired and put back to production. So once we have that, it will again regain to what our 
original projections were. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. My next question was on that one of our rig was damaged, I believe, the workover rig. 
And because of that, we had enforced force majeure and then we were not able to participate in 
the workover rig contract. So any update over there? Are we now able to participate in the new 
workover rig contracts? 
Paras Savla: 
So both the fire incident -- sorry, or the incident of the rig that was damaged is a separate issue, 
but those matters are currently under active consideration, and they are going through the 
formalities. So we are very confident that in short passage of time, we'll have that clarity 
coming in. 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And my last question is on the overall order book. You gave a very good 
overall macro picture. But when should we see that translating into incremental order flow for 
the -- because our order book has stagnated at around this INR3,000 crore odd level for the 
past 4, 5 quarters. 
 
So when can we see the macro demand finally translating into orders and which sector -- 
which of the various works that we do, whether it is drilling or gas compression or gas 
dehydration or the gas processing, where do you see the potential out of all these sectors? 
Paras Savla: 
You would have seen the last 4 or 5 quarters, there was a significant amount of the major order 
that was coming out through the way of PEC. So if you see even if that considering that 
INR3,000 crores of order book, the kind of implementation or the kind of execution that is 
done, that has again remained stable. So which means there has been an active flow of orders 
that have come, and that's how the order book has remained same. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
But having said that, there are new PECs also coming up. And as I also mentioned, the new 
opportunities of the higher capacity rigs and all that put together will definitely give an 
indication of higher order book. So maybe in some quarter or 2, you would see that numbers 
also coming quite above to what the current levels are. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manan Vandur from Wallfort Fund Management.Please 
go ahead 
Manan Vandur: 
Congratulations to the Team. Sir, I have three questions. Sir, out of the bid pipeline that we 
have of INR500 crores to INR600 crores, does this also include PEC? And if not, then how are 
we looking towards more of PEC contracts? 
Rohan Shah: 
So this INR500 crores to INR600 crore bidding pipeline is consisting of bids already 
submitted. With regards to PEC, one recent tender has came up, which is yet to bid. And so to 
answer to your question, PEC is not included in this bidding pipeline. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. And that recent tender, sir, how much could that be? And who is the competition for us? 
Rohan Shah: 
So as of now, it has just came last week only. So we are just evaluating. So in terms of value, 
probably we'll not be able to quantify as of now. But yes, we stand very good chance as we are 
quite capable of executing this kind of contracts with in-house assets and expertise. And this 
tender is also for 15 years. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you. And sir, just two more questions. Sir, do we hedge against the 
dollar for all of our contracts? Otherwise, like it would become beneficial for us if the INR 
depreciates. Do we do that? 
Rohan Shah: 
So no, we do not hedge because rupee is constantly depreciating. So at the end of day, it is in 
our interest. And so we have kept those dollar receivable position open. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. That is really great to hear. And sir, just last question. Sir, does the price of crude oil 
affect our order book in different segments like dehydration compression, PEC because our 
PEC contracts are linked with crude oil production. So I think the last PEC contract that we 
took of ONGC, it was around INR1,400 crores or something. 
 
And that I'm assuming the crude oil, our realization we would have taken at $70 or something. 
So now it is $100. I understand it can come back down. But overall, let's say, this keeps on 
hovering $90, $80 or whatever it increases. So does that also affect our order book and 
increase our PEC order book? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, definitely. Because in PEC, we are having a free gas price mechanism. And as you rightly 
said, with increase in gas price, this order book can increase upward. With regards to the first 
question of crude oil impact, so other than PEC in our services business, we do not have any 
direct impact of crude oil price. But yes, sentiment definitely helps us in increasing the demand 
of services. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. So gas prices help us, not crude oil prices, correct? 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Rohan Shah: 
Both in a way because our drilling rig drills well for both oil and gas. 
Manan Vandur: 
Okay. Understood. Understood. And just a clarification, last thing, not a question. Sir, one of 
the previous participants asked around FY27 PAT could be around INR400 crores plus. So just 
a clarification that did I hear it right or wrong? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So I think the earlier participant was asking about FY28. But the way we are growing, we 
are quite optimistic to grow around 25%, 30% year-on-year even in '27, '28 as well. 
Manan Vandur:                  okay. Understood. Thank you so much. Thats it from my side. Thanks. 
Rohan Shah                              Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from 7 Rivers.Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Good Morning Sir. Sir, just following back on Dolphin Offshore. While our revenue has 
grown up sequentially from INR30 crores to INR45 crores, EBITDA in absolute terms has also 
come down significantly from INR22 crores to INR12 crores. 
So I mean, if you can clarify a bit on that because other expense at INR16 crores is 
significantly higher. So is there any one-off in this quarter? Have we preloaded any expenses, 
which is not expected to recur in subsequent years? How should we look at EBITDA for 
Dolphin now? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So with regards to Q4, we had one, one-off item of ECL, which is expected credit loss 
provisioning of around INR10 crores. And I think that is a one-off item. If you will exclude 
that, then margins are in parity. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. So even if you exclude that, our EBITDA is at INR22 crores. Now revenue has gone up 
from INR30 crores to INR45 crores, but EBITDA has remained at INR22 crores. So what 
explains that? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, as I said earlier, there was one opportunity where we had charged the gross rate instead of 
net. And in that, our revenue was higher, but parallelly expenses were also higher to some 
extent in some of time period during Q4. And I think that impact is appearing. Otherwise, on 
absolute number basis, they are intact. 
Harsh Shah: 
No. But at INR30 crores, we did INR22 crores EBITDA, that incremental INR15 crore 
revenue should have fetched some profit, right, INR3 crores, INR4 crores even if the expenses 
were high? 
Rohan Shah: 
No, so see, at the end of day, you are dealing with an equipment which needs repairing over a 
period of time or within the contract period, there are some breakdown or repairing works 
coming on and off.  
So for us, probably we always believe that our performance should be evaluated year-on-year 
basis, not on quarter-on-quarter because it may happen that in one quarter, you have higher 
repairing expenditure. In one quarter, you have a very low repairing expenditure and all. And 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
so ideally for my business in terms of charter hiring, I think year-on-year evaluation is more 
effective. 
Harsh Shah: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. And sir, we did revenue of almost INR900 crores. And from what I 
believe our order inflow for the year was somewhere around INR950 crores. Now since we're 
guiding 25% kind of a revenue growth, which comes to roughly around INR1,100 crores, do 
we expect corresponding increase in the order book inflow as well? So just to keep that rolling 
revenue visibility intact? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So we are expecting some good amount of order to come in, in current financial year. I 
think Paras bhai was just mentioning about higher capacity drilling rigs and new PEC contracts 
and all. So the order inflow or I would say, bidding is exceptionally increasing well. And we 
are hopeful optimistic that this order book will also improve quite a good from this number. 
Harsh Shah: 
And sir, how do we expect the mix to change going ahead? Are we bidding more for gas 
processing or more for drilling or it would be more on the IPM side? 
Paras Savla: 
As a matter of fact, we would try to bid as the opportunity comes within our focus sectors. So 
it is very difficult to identify that which vertical or which sector would be growing how much. 
As we speak, to us, I think every sector in the -- in an oil and gas business is growing in more 
or less the same symmetric. 
So I think we have to still wait and see how the numbers are getting -- numbers are going to 
reflect or in the order book. So it's just the order book that we have to keep watching. And then 
probably maybe at the end of the year, we can make some assessment on which sector did how 
much. 
Harsh Shah                               Got it Got it. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities.Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Good morning Gentleman.and Congrats on great set of numbers. So my question was 
regarding how much operating leverage is still available from the existing assets before any 
next major capex cycle? 
Rohan Shah: 
So with regards to rig segment, our assets are 100% utilized. And so with any new order 
coming in, we'll have to do capex of new rig. With regards to Gas Processing segment, we 
have still availability of around 12%, 15%. So till that extent, we may use our available fleet. 
And post that, we'll have to go for capex. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So what is the management top three strategic priorities for next 3 years? 
Rohan Shah: 
See, if we talk about top 3 priorities, of course, PEC is one. Second priority for us is higher 
capacity drilling rigs. And third priority definitely to add a fleet into offshore segment as well. 
So largely, these 3 sectors or 3 priorities we are working on for coming year. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Sanjay Shah: 
So sir, what is the road map of Dolphin Offshore and our international subsidiary, means 
offshore opportunity pipeline in India and overseas. How large is the current market 
opportunity? 
Rohan Shah: 
See for offshore market is huge and opportunities are great, but we have been selective in 
picking up the opportunity because -- we have just entered into offshore segment with one 
asset only, and we wish to add this split to further assets one by one. So we would be going 
watchful and selective while taking those opportunities. Having said so, in market 
opportunities are immense. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So have we finalized on any capex or guidelines for next 3 years, what we need and which 
vertical we need to do that? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So with regard to capex, we are doing capex of around INR150 crores under PEC this 
year. And we would be adding a few more assets under rig segment and Gas Processing 
segment as well. So more or less for this year, we are targeting to have capex of around 
INR300 crores -- and if we'll be able to achieve some good orders in offshore segment, then 
this capex can increase further. 
Sanjay shah                        Thats great Sir. Very helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Rohan Shah                      Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital.Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Firstly, congratulations on a great set of results. Hopefully, I'm audible? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes. Hi, sir. First question, sir, all the write-offs from Kandla we've taken, right? Like there's 
nothing else left for us to take in Kandla, right? Or any like other write-offs? 
Rohan Shah: 
Correct. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. And sir, just wanted to know that -- so going forward, like how do you 
see our EBITDA margins like our revenue, you've given a very good guidance of 25%, 30% 
growth, right? So in terms of EBITDA, how do you see that, sir? How do you see that growing 
right now? 
Rohan Shah: 
So EBITDA would be -- remain on growth trajectory only. And probably what we believe is 
we should be able to maintain EBITDA of 44%, 45% year-on-year. It may vary 1% or 2% here 
and there, but no major movement. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. Fair enough, sir. And sir, just wanted to know like when we are 
planning for another INR150 crores of Gas and Rig segment, so what is the revenue potential 
from that? 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
Like I wanted to understand like in terms of do we -- are we planning for a bigger round of 
massive capex or something like a Dolphin acquisition that we did. So are we planning to go 
for something like that? Or what is the potential from the current capex, sir? 
Rohan Shah: 
No. So the capex of another INR150 crores is pertaining primarily to the equipments, majorly 
rigs and gas processing units, which we believe we will be able to secure orders. For gas 
processing, we are eyeing on one tender which we have already bided. 
We may get some good order in coming months. So based on the bidding which we have done, 
we have estimated that around INR150 crores kind of capex we may have to incur on getting 
award of those bids. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. And sir, just like on an overall basis, like I think on our 
subsidiaries like from Kandla and the green hydrogen, what do you feel that potential can be 
right now, sir, for us, like any kind of traction that you're getting or what is the plan with that 
part of this business, sir? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So green hydrogen, we have just entered an MOU, and we have started exploring 
opportunities. So it would be a little early to comment on the size of opportunity. So we have 
just tried to add one more vertical as a part of our diversification exercise. 
And we would be probably in 2 quarters or 2, 3 quarters, we may have some substantial 
numbers or facts to discuss about that.  With regards to Dolphin, of course, we are bullish and 
eyeing on opportunities. So we may add a few more assets in the fleet. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Fair enough. And sir, just last question from my end. Sir, in our business, is there some 
seasonality? Or is it very constant revenue like type of like, because -- so how do we see H1 
like because of the war or something, is there like possibility of some contract getting delayed 
or some execution? Or how does that work, sir? Like so in terms of like H1, H2, like it will be 
similar? Or how does it go forward, sir? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, yes. For our services business, I think there is no similar -- seasonality. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. So Q1 can be similar to Q4 like in general, sir? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, yes. So for us, our services are 24/7, 365 days. So there is no seasonal effect into it. So 
almost you can say it would be consistently in same period. 
Darshil Jhaveri                  Okay Fair Enough.. That sir from my side. Thank you so much sir 
Rohan Shah                       Thank you 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Axis Capital.Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
A very good morning and Thanks for all the great results, lots of congratulations for that. I 
have some very quick basic questions. On the P&L side, I can see a tax expense of a negative 
number. Is it because of the debtor written off which we have done for that INR208-odd 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
crores? Or is it something else? Whatever it is, is there a benefit which is expected to accrue -- 
to continue to accrue in the next financial year also? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So that reversal is pertaining to that debtor reversal, and it is linked with that exceptional 
item. 
Pankaj: 
Okay. And in continuation to one response you actually gave for you exploring the higher 
capacity drilling rigs. Is there some capex also which possibly will be kind of coming as part 
of that? If yes, do you have some idea on the quantum? And is there some funding plan which 
you have thought about that? 
Rohan Shah: 
So yes, we'll be able to secure 2,000 horsepower drilling rig contract, we'll have to go for a 
new rig and capex would definitely be there. So our primary estimate is the rig can be of 
around INR100 crores or INR100 crores to INR120 crores, but that depends on the availability 
of equipment as well. 
Pankaj: 
And sir, you plan to fund this through internal accruals or you plan to do something else as part 
of that? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, internal accrual and debt. 
Pankaj: 
Okay. And my last question is that out of INR3,000-odd crores order book, how much is likely 
to get executed in FY27, sir? 
Rohan Shah: 
So this INR3,000 crore order book consists of one 15-year contract and rest of the contracts are 
on an average life of 2.5 years. So I would say more than INR800 crores kind of orders would 
be executed for this financial year out of this INR3,000 crores. And rest, we are expecting 
some good numbers to add in, which will contribute further. 
Pankaj: 
Okay. That's great. Sorry, taking the liberty of asking last question, one more last question. On 
the working capital side on the debtor, we have seen a significant improvement. I assume this 
has nothing to do with that INR208-odd crores written-off which we have done. Irrespective, 
so is there a plan to kind of do some more stuff on that side so as to bring it to a reasonable 
level of, say, 90-odd days? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So it has improved definitely with one write-off because those old trade receivables were 
unnecessarily showing my working capital cycle large. With regards to another some INR160-
odd crores of old trade receivables, they are still there in the trade receivables. But for them, 
we are very much optimistic of recovery. And so we have kept them in those receivables. 
Pankaj: 
But there is no possibility of provision debt -- bad debt kind of stuff out of those numbers, 
right? 
Rohan Shah: 
No. As of now, we have a fair amount of visibility because of some arbitration awards already 
received in our favor. And so we believe that we'll have a good amount of recovery out of 
those. 
Pankaj :                              Thanks a lot for all the answers and all the best for your future endeavours. 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Strateasy.Please go ahead. 
Rohan Mehta: 
First of all, let me compare Dolphin Offshore year-on-year. Can you give me a revenue 
trajectory and margin profile year-on-year rather than just comparing quarter-on-quarter? I'm 
asking for a guidance for the FY27? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So on revenue front, we believe if we'll be able to secure additional assets, then it will 
grow way high. But with the single assets which we are already operating, we are expecting 
top line of around INR150 crores from this financial year and the current FY27 with EBITDA 
of almost 60%. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Perfect. And the second is a bookkeeping question. So our loan to subsidiaries has gone up 
considerably. Any light that you can throw on that? And will that remain that way? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So that would going to reduce it because the large chunk has been given to Dolphin for 
setting up this entire business. So since now Dolphin is earning quite well, those loans would 
be returning. 
Rohan Mehta                          Perfect. Thank you so much sir. Thats it from me. 
Rohan Shah                           Thank You 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Agarwal from Bastion Research.Please go ahead 
Parth Agrawal: 
Hi Thank you for the oppoutunity my questions has been answered. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth, an Individual Investor.Please go ahead. 
Parth: 
So firstly, congratulations to the entire Deep team for such exceptional results. My question 
pertains to the QIP, which we were planning earlier. So are we still going to go through with it 
given that the cash flows have improved drastically? 
Rohan Shah: 
No. So we have decided not to go ahead with QIP. 
Parth: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, my second question is on the new rigs, if there have been any new rigs 
deployed in Q4? And like what would be the horsepower and what would be the revenue 
coming from these new rigs? 
Rohan Shah: 
So the new rigs mobilized in Q4 were all workover rigs with 100 and 150 ton capacity. So they 
would have -- all these three put together would have started contributing more than INR 1.5 
crores a month kind of. 
Parth: 
Okay. Okay. So -- understood, understood. So sir, the full quarter will come in this year. And 
also, sir, one last question, if I could squeeze in. 
 
The MOU, which we have signed with Advait Green Energy for hydrogen, maybe if you could 
comment where Deep would come in, in this MOU? And I know you don't want to comment 
on the time lines, but like the technology part or the...? 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So the intention is to provide a balance of plant, excluding the main equipment. And we 
are eyeing on converting this kind of project to be given on charter hire. So we are exploring 
those opportunities where we can pitch in with our style of work of giving entire project on 
hiring basis. 
Parth                                    Understood understood Sir. Thank you and all the best sir. 
Rohan Shah                       Thank You. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Srikar Sai, an Individual Investor.Please go ahead. 
Srikar Sai: 
Thank you for the oppoutunity Sir. Sir, we have the PECs which have come out with 2 fields. 
One is Gamij, Ahmedabad and the other one is Geleki in Assam. So both of these are so huge 
and the main differentiating factor is the development wells. 
 
So for Gamij, someone has to do 15 wells per year for 3 years straight. And for Geleki, 5 
wells. So are we like eying for both of these fields because Geleki, the oil in place is 2.5x our 
Rajahmundry asset PEC. And also there's a huge amount of oil in place for Geleki. Even 
Gamij, it doesn't have gas that much, it has too much of crude oil. 
So looking at the size of these both fields, I think it's going to require a huge amount of money. 
So because of this new requirement of minimum number of wells for both the field. So are we 
having that financial capability to bid for these 2 fields because it will I mean for 1 year, it's 
going to exceed more than INR100 crores, INR150 crores per field or something like that? 
Paras Savla: 
See, As far as the financial capability goes, we have that ability to invest that kind of money 
into these projects. But having said that, what would be the kind of work program, what would 
be the kind of investment and what would be the kind of bidding strategy would depend once 
we have completed our studies. 
So internally, we are looking at the bids, we are trying to study them out. But the answer to 
that is, yes, we are capable of doing it, but the outcome will only be dependent on once we 
have completed the complete understanding of geology and how we are going to invest and 
what is the kind of plan that we are going to do. 
Srikar Sai: 
Great. Sir, the other thing is RAAS equipment. I think because of the CGD, I mean, the 
government push after the Iran crisis, I think we have started offering even online 
compressors. So earlier, we were only doing boosters, if I'm not wrong. And the revenue 
potential for RAAS was around INR100 crores. Is the revenue potential increased because of 
this new offering? Or was it offered even before, sir? 
Paras Savla: 
Yes. We remain very confident that now online compressor demand has been growing 
significantly, and we are also trying to develop our net into the online compressor. We have 
done one trial of making such compressor.  

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
We are under testing of these compressors. So once it's done and if this demand gets converted 
from the booster compressors to online, I think we would be - we would definitely be 
participating in this kind of the requirements. 
Srikar Sai: 
Great, great. And the last final question, sir, can we expect around INR950 crores in FY27, the 
revenue sir. Around INR950 crores, FY27? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. So we are expecting growth of around 25% to 30% year-on-year, so definitely. 
Srikar Sai: 
Yes. And also, sir, there are 2 drillers, Shivganga and Bvishal, they are about to get listed, and 
they are also raising a huge amount of money. So they might be listed at a very good rate. So I 
think congratulations on them listing because many investors will be having someone to 
compare with, right? So Shivganga Drillers has around 5 drilling and Bvishal is into well 
intervention and also they are into PEC. So we might get someone to compare with sir, right? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, yes. So it is always good to have a peer comparison so that we can show how good we 
are. 
Srikar Sai: 
Yes. And the last question is regarding Advait, how much... 
Rohan Shah: 
I think there are a few more participants are in line. If you can just come back in line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda Family.Please go ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Thanks for the oppourtunity again. Sir, my question is like the capex plans are there, and we 
are investing in rigs. So what kind of ROI we are looking at the new capex? 
Rohan Shah: 
Definitely more than 20% kind of. The opportunities are shaping up with higher capacity, you 
will have a good margin as well. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
So it is like 20% plus? 
Rohan Shah: 
Correct. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Yes. That would be great.Thank you ,thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Shah from Pranishta.Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Thank you. Paras bhai, If you could just be kind enough to tell us how you think about the 
company, not from fiscal '27 or '28, but just from a 3- to 5-year perspective, just given the 
track record and what we have achieved, how big the company can be in terms of revenue, in 
terms of the business composition, production enhancement, some of the other initiatives. If 
you could just lay out the road map qualitatively or with numbers, that would be really useful. 
Paras Savla: 
So Sanjay bhai, the fact is with the kind of the environment that is currently going on for oil 
and gas, I think it's very exciting and the sector is getting promising day by day. The services 
are getting more into play, the various services of all our verticals that we are active into. I 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
believe now government is laying more focus on drilling more wells, trying to produce more 
oil and gas. So in turn, everything, it's looking quite promising. 
Our business has already been growing more than 30% year-on-year, if you could see the last 2 
or 3 years. And we tend to believe that this kind of traction will continue for at least -- I don't -
- but at least we have a vision for at least 3 to 5 years is something that this kind of a growth 
should keep continuing. 
 
Maybe a few percentages here and there. But barring that, now that government has a great 
move, on this sector, it won't be surprised company could even get double in next 3 to 5 years. 
You never know that. But that's quite possible as we -- and now as we being the player in the 
industry, we have quite a big market share as far as the onshore operations go. 
And now we are also trying to lay our focus into a bit into an offshore as well. So that put 
together, along with our growing demand of all our verticals. So we are quite hopeful that in 
next 3 to 5 years, company would grow significantly from where we are here today. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Understood. And sir, if I were to just ask you one more question, I don't know whether it's a 
fair question or not. But amongst the different business segments that we have, would it be fair 
to say that the most exciting would be the opportunities in the production enhancement? 
Paras Savla: 
Yes, definitely production enhancement would be very exciting because that concept allows 
the company to grow to produce more oil and gas and get the revenues out of it. So definitely, 
that is one of our bull's eye. We are quite very closely monitoring these opportunities. But 
having said that entire value chain into the sector is also equally promising because as I had 
mentioned, we have a good amount of market share as far as these services go. 
And therefore, any demand that is coming up would give us an advantage to win those kind of 
a projects. So PEC, definitely, yes, it is quite a good and promising business that we are 
looking into. But every sector of whatever work that we are doing are equally exciting. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Perfect. If I can just squeeze in one last question to Rohan bhai then. Rohanbhai about the 
Prabha Industries receivables given the rights issue out there, has that been now in some ways 
reversed in terms of the cash flows? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, yes. In fact, we have received a good amount of loan return back from Prabha. And I 
think in this year, it would be almost nil now. 
Sanjay Shah                        Perfect. Thank you bothAll the best, .Its really exciting. Thank you thank you so much. 
Rohan Shah                          Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Bajaj Alternative Investment 
Limited.Please go ahead. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Thanks for the oppoutunity. Sir, I just wanted to reconcile the number growth number for the 
next year. If we exclude the PEC, our order book currently stands at INR1,500-odd crores. 
And if it's average order execution period is 2.5 years, that comes to closer to INR600-odd 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
crores versus you are guiding 25% to 30% growth on the current numbers, which is around 
INR1,100-odd crores. So where is the difference in the revenue coming from? 
Rohan Shah: 
The differential revenue would come from the new orders, which we are expecting to get in, in 
first 6 months of this year, where we'll be able to mobilize those projects probably in first 6 
months. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. So to meet that gap of incremental revenue, how much orders do we require? 
Rohan Shah: 
So, of course, we are eyeing on some good amount of order conversion. And based on those 
orders only we have considered that. So you can just reverse calculate the balance amount. So 
there are 2, 3 major contracts we are eyeing on, which we believe should be awarded in the 
next month or so. So that will definitely add into our revenue. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And just one last thing on the incremental oil exploration, is it happening more 
on the offshore side or on the onshore side also, we are seeing some traction? Because if you 
look at the ONGC, they are planning $20 billion capex on the offshore side. Nothing 
mentioned on the onshore side. So just wanted to understand if there is incremental push on the 
onshore as well? 
Paras Savla: 
I believe the push is equally both on onshore and offshore. And while it would not be -- I don't 
know whether that would be any documented thing or that what kind of opportunities are 
looked forward for onshore and offshore. But we've been industry are constantly witnessing 
this, that the push is coming in from all the areas. And as a matter of fact, if you even see that 
it's -- the clients are not only ONGC, it's ONGC also Oil India and now a lot of private players 
as well. 
 
And I'm not getting into a comparison of what onshore and offshore is. But if you get some 
time, please look into our presentation where we have mentioned that what are the pros and 
cons, not the cons, but what are the pros of both onshore and offshore, which will give you a 
visibility that why drilling onshore is also something that one cannot miss into this sector. 
Bhavya Gandhi :                   Got it. Fair enough. Thank you so much really appreciate. Thats it from my side Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth, an individual investor.Please go ahead. 
Parth: 
So first of all good morning and thank you for the opportunity. I'm just having one request like 
can you -- I mean, from next time, can you provide a detailed footnote of the order book? 
Rohan Shah: 
Detailed footnote by me, if you can just explain. 
Parth: 
I'm not able to hear your voice. Hello? Am I audible? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes, yes, you are audible. 
Parth: 
So I'm just asking like can you provide some detailed footnote of the order book like many 
companies provide like first, there is an opening order book, for example, then there is some 

 
Deep Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
addition -- new additions, then there could be some executions or deletions and then there is 
closing order book. Like that sort of thing can you provide? 
Rohan Shah: 
Yes. I think quarter-on-quarter, we do provide order book, but the way which you are saying, 
we can look into it. 
Parth: 
Yes. So it would be very helpful if you can provide from the next time as many investors 
follow your order book, so it would be really very helpful. 
Rohan Shah: 
Sure. 
Parth:                                      Thank you 
.Rohan Shah                         Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Rohan Shah: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining this call. It was pleasure interaction with you all. If you have 
any further queries, you can directly connect us. We would be happy to answer all your 
queries. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arihant Capital Markets Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
