 
Fractal Analytics Limited (formerly known as Fractal Analytics Private Limited) 
CIN: L72400MH2000PLC125369 
Registered address: 
Level 7, Commerz II, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City, 
Off W. E. Highway Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400063, Maharashtra, India. 
W: www.fractal.ai | P: +91 22 6850 5800 | E: investorrelations@fractal.ai 
 
Ref./No./FRACTAL/SE/2026-27/014 
 
Date: May 14, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Symbol: FRACTAL 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001 
Maharashtra, India 
 
Scrip Code: 544700 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Audited Consolidated and Standalone 
Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Ma’am / Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please ﬁnd enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference call held on 
Tuesday, May 12, 2026 for the Audited Consolidated and Standalone Financial Results for the quarter and 
year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: https://fractal.ai/investor-relations 
 
This disclosure will also be hosted on the Company’s website at: https://fractal.ai/investor-relations 
 
Kindly take the same on records and arrange to bring this to the notice of all concerned. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Fractal Analytics Limited 
 
 
 
 
________________________ 
Somya Agarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 
Membership No: A17336 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOMYA 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
SOMYA AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.05.14 
16:52:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics  
Q4 and FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SRIKANTH VELAMAKANNI, CO-FOUNDER AND GROUP 
CEO 
MR. PRANAY AGRAWAL – CO-FOUNDER & CEO 
MR. ASHWATH BHAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SATISH RAMAN – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
MS. SVETLANA JOSHI –INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MS. ANJALI GARG – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good morning. My name is Inba, and I will be moderating 
today's session. Welcome to Fractal’s Q4 FY2026 earnings conference call. All 
participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after management's remarks. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
I will hand over the call to Svetlana Joshi from Fractal’s Investor Relations team. Thank 
you, and over to you, Svetlana. 
Svetlana Joshi: 
Thank you, Inba. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We will 
be discussing our performance for the Q4 and our first full fiscal year as a listed company, 
both of which ended on March 31, 2026. Our results, shareholder letter, investor 
presentation, and fact sheet are available on our investor relations website.  
 
Joining me on the call today are Srikanth Velamakanni, Co-founder and Group CEO, 
Pranay Agrawal, Co-Founder and CEO, Ashwath Bhat, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Satish Raman, Chief Strategy Officer.  
 
Before we begin, please note that certain statements made during this call may be 
forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on our current expectations and 
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. 
Such statements or comments are not guarantees of future performance and Fractal 
undertakes no obligation to update them.  
 
Please refer to the cautionary statements in our investor presentation and regulatory 
filings. We will start with a business update from Srikanth, followed by a review of the 
financial performance by Ashwath, post which we will open the call for questions. With 
that, let me hand over the call to Srikanth. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you, Svetlana. Good morning, everyone.  
 
Fractal is an enterprise AI company. We serve some of the largest, most admired Fortune 
500 sized enterprises and help them make better decisions with AI. Inside a large 
enterprise, thousands of decisions get made every day. What price to charge, where to 
send a shipment, which customer to follow up with, and so on. Most of those decisions 
sit inside complex systems where the data is fragmented, the processes are slow, and 
small mistakes are expensive. This is where Fractal does its work. Fractal helps 
companies grow their revenue, personalize customer experiences, increase operational 
effectiveness, and improve the speed at which a company responds to emerging threats 
and opportunities.  
 
This is our first full year of results as a public company.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
Before I get into the results, I would like to spend about four minutes setting the context 
for the moment we are in, because I believe it is a pivotal one for AI.  
 
In April this year, Anthropic previewed Mythos, a model whose long-horizon reasoning 
and agentic capability the company itself called a step-change. They judged it to be too 
dangerous to release openly. Companies and governments responded with fear and 
urgency, especially regarding the ability of frontier models to launch cyber-attacks. AI is 
becoming more capable every day. AI that can plan, reason, and act through complex 
enterprise networks and this frontier intelligence is becoming much more affordable to 
deploy. This, in no uncertain terms, means that the era of enterprise AI is here and it is 
the era Fractal was built for.  
 
I believe this shift has three important implications for our industry and for Fractal. First, 
the size of the prize. The world today runs on clunky, unintelligent software. Now we are 
entering the era of software 2.0, responsive, agentic, and far more capable. By my 
estimate, the world needs 1000 times more software than what exists today. AI will reduce 
the effort to build it roughly by 90%, a 10x compression. That still leaves a 100x net 
opportunity. The pie does not shrink, it grows by orders of magnitude.  
 
Second the shape of the prize. For the last three years, the AI economics debate has 
centred on cost per token. We believe cost per token is a wrong metric. The right metric 
is a value generated per token. Who can turn cheap, abundant intelligence into business 
outcomes that would not have been possible without it? So far, this has been about 
replacing human time with machine time at lower cost. That prize is real, but it is 
relatively small. The bigger prize is the work that was impossible before. Think of pricing 
every SKU in real time, discovering novel drugs, meeting every customer need with speed 
and precision.  
 
Third, who will capture this prize? The last two years of AI were about AI infrastructure. 
That race was decisively won by the Frontier AI Labs and AI infrastructure providers. 
The next several years will be about AI-led transformation and this will be won by 
companies that can translate AI excitement into outcomes in complex organizations.  
 
Doing this well requires three things at once. The first is deep domain expertise, an 
understanding of enterprise decision making, and the ability to manage data complexity 
inside large enterprises. The second is the ability to build at the frontier of AI 
advancement, not just use frontier models, but to improve their accuracy with enterprise 
data. The third, most often missed, is a contextual understanding of design and 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
behavioural sciences. Enterprise AI transformation is at least as much a change in how 
people work, as it is change in software. We have built decades doing this. 
 
Now let us discuss our results.  
 
Revenue for Q4 was INR 886 crore or USD 97 million up 17% over last year.  
 
For the full year, revenue grew 19% to INR3,300 crore or USD 374 million.  
 
Vertical wise, health care and life sciences led the year at an exceptional 66% growth and 
is now our second largest vertical on a quarterly run rate basis. Banking and financial 
services segment grew 32%. CPG and retail, still our largest vertical at 37% of revenue, 
grew at 12% -- modest, mainly on first half weakness. Technology, media, and telecom 
declined 1% on the two specific client issues I discussed last quarter.  
 
In Q4, that decline was 19%. Geographically, Europe led the year at 34% growth, the 
Americas grew 20% and APAC was down 3% on the same client-specific issues. APAC 
Q4 growth turned back to 7%.  
 
In Q4, our net promoter score was 81, the highest we have recorded. Full year NPS was 
78.  
 
Net revenue retention at 117% for the year and 112% for Q4. Our clients are not just 
buying more from us, they are positioning us as central to their AI transformation. 
 
On profitability, Ashwath will get deeper into this but here are some of the headlines. Q4 
adjusted EBITDA grew 28% on revenue growth of 17%. That gap is the operating 
leverage of our business. Q4 adjusted EBITDA reached 22% up 189 basis points over last 
year.  
 
Full year adjusted EBITDA margin was 17.6 % after expensing 4.1% on R&D.  
 
Net income grew 30% for the year to INR 287 crore or 43% to INR 357 crore excluding 
our share of associate losses.  
 
We ended the year with INR 2052 crore of cash, including IPO proceeds of INR 957 
crore. In April, we used these proceeds to repay our long-term debt as we had committed 
at the time of the offering. Fractal is now debt free. 
 
Four highlights from the quarter I want to mention.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
First, we were selected as a strategic execution partner by a top five US life sciences 
company to deliver two flagship AI companions across commercial pharma marketing 
and field excellence.  
 
Second, we unveiled Flyfish.ai, our agentic sales platform. Most sales today suggest what 
a salesperson should do next. Flyfish certainly does it. 35 coordinated agents research 
accounts, draft outreach, and manage the pipeline.  
 
Third, our research has been moving the frontier meaningfully. Vaidya 2.0, our healthcare 
foundation model, is now available on all major mobile platforms with developer API 
access. It remains the world's first model to cross 50 on OpenAI's HealthBench Hard, one 
of the toughest benchmarks for clinical reasoning.  
 
PiEvolve, our agentic engine for autonomous machine learning, is now available to all 
our people and clients and ranks among the top performing agents on OpenAI's MLE-
bench. Asper, our AI platform for revenue growth in Consumer Goods, continues to 
compound. Annualized recurring revenue is roughly up 77% year-over-year for the last 
three years.  
 
Fourth, our IP led businesses inside Fractal Alpha, that is Asper and Analytics Vidhya, 
grew 41% for the year, with Analytics Vidhya at 49%. Segment losses have continued to 
narrow from INR 26 crore in FY2025 to INR 15 crore in FY2026, even as we kept 
investing.  
 
Outside of revenue, Our AI for Karmayogis course on Government of India's IGOT 
platform crossed 25 lakh completions, a signal of how broad the appetite for AI has 
become.  
 
Taken together, these efforts reflect the breadth of our work, from enterprise 
transformation and frontier AI research to platforms, products, and large-scale AI 
capability building. Now that we have looked at both these shifts underway in enterprise 
AI and our performance through the year, the question is, how do we prepare Fractal for 
this take off of enterprise AI?  
 
In April, we updated our structure around three pillars, one platform and three regions. 
The three go-to-market pillars match what clients are asking for.  
• 
AI-led transformation is the process dimension, how enterprises redesign 
workflows, operations, and customer experiences with AI.  
• 
AI foundations are the technical layer underneath, data, agents, and controls.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
• 
AI for work and workforce transformation is the people dimension, how we hire, 
train, evaluate, and coach in a world where people and agents work side by side.  
All of these three pillars run on Cogentiq, our agentic AI platform. Cogentiq is a platform 
layer that allows AI agents to plan tasks, coordinate with one another, access enterprise 
systems and data, and execute work reliably inside real businesses.  
Building on one platform every time turns a service business into something closer to a 
software business. The work compounds, and so do the economics.  
We operate through the Americas, Europe, and APAC. Three pillars, one platform, three 
regions. The client sees none of this. The client just sees one Fractal.  
With that, let me hand over to Ashwath for more details on the financials. Ashwath. 
Ashwath Bhat: 
Thanks, Srikanth. Good morning, everyone. Before I get into the details of our Q4 and 
FY2026 performance, I wanted to share a few highlights.  
• 
In Q4 2026, we expanded our margins meaningfully with gross margin at 48%, 
adjusted EBITDA at 22%, and net income at 13%.  
• 
Q4 net income grew by 109% year-on-year to INR 116 crore or USD 13 million.  
• 
For the FY2025-FY2026, year over year, revenue grew by 19%. Of this 19% 
growth, 17% growth came from existing clients.  
• 
Number of clients with $1 million plus revenue went up from 53 in the previous 
year to 59 in FY2026.  
• 
We continue to accelerate our investments in sales and R&D while expanding 
our margins.  
• 
We generated INR 409 crore of cash from operations, which is a 70% conversion 
of adjusted EBITDA.  
• 
We also repaid our long-term debt after March 31, 2026, as planned in the objects 
of the offer. 
 
Coming to details of our performance.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
In Q4 FY2026, our revenue from operations grew by 17% year-over-year and 4% quarter-
over-quarter to INR 886 crore, or USD 97 million. On a constant currency basis, growth 
was 10% year-over-year and 1.1 % quarter-over-quarter.  
 
For FY2026, revenue grew by 19% year-over-year to INR 3,300 crore, or USD 374 
million. On a constant currency basis, growth was 13% and it was 14% growth in dollar 
terms. The entire growth was organic.  
 
Our revenue per billable employee increased to INR 75 lakh or USD 85,000, representing 
an increase of 5% in rupee terms in the FY2026. 
 
Moving on to profitability, I will start with gross margin.  
 
We define our gross margin as revenue from operations minus direct costs, which 
includes both employee benefit expenses, employee expenses, and other direct expenses.  
 
Q4 2026 gross margin expanded by 47 bps year-over-year to 48.2%. We had three drivers 
behind this expansion.  
• 
First, 151 bps improvement from change in mix of engagement type moving towards 
output-based contracts, price increases, and productivity improvements.  
• 
Second, 219 bps benefit from weaker rupee.  
• 
Third, 322 bps of negative impact from annual merit increase.  
Gross margin for the FY2026 expanded by 93 bps year-over-year to 46.8%. Again, three 
drivers: 
• 
First, 218 bps from change in mix of engagement moving more towards output-based 
contracts, price increases, and productivity improvements.  
• 
Second, 179 bps from weaker rupee.  
• 
Third, 304 bps of negative impact from annual merit increase. 
 
Now I will move over to adjusted EBITDA.  
 
In Q4 2026, gross margin expansion along with 140 bps of reduction in SG&A 
contributed to adjusted EBITDA expansion of 189 bps year-over-year to 22.1%. We had 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
a grant benefit in UK upon compliance of several employment related conditions and 
variable pay adjustments to align actual against the targets. These two items improved 
adjusted EBITDA by 147 bps in Q4 2026. Some of these benefits may or may not repeat 
in the future.  
 
For the FY2026 adjusted EBITDA was 17.6% versus 17.4% in the previous year. While 
our gross margin expanded by 93 bps, growth investments in relationship management 
for key clients and opening new offices led to 96 bps uptick in SG&A as a percentage of 
revenue versus the previous year.  
 
In FY2026, we spent INR 212 crore on R&D investments, 48% higher than the previous 
year. Out of this INR 212 crore, INR 134 crore, or 4.1% of the revenue, was expensed in 
the P&L. Our current margin includes necessary investments to benefit from the massive 
AI opportunities which lie ahead of us. 
 
Moving to Fractal Alpha, I would like to highlight the rapid growth and improving 
profitability. Fractal Alpha segment includes Asper.ai and Analytics Vidhya. In FY2026, 
Fractal Alpha revenues grew by 41% year-over-year. Asper grew by 31% and Analytics 
Vidhya by 49%.  
 
Gross margin for Fractal Alpha expanded by 143 bps year-over-year. Our losses in the 
segment for the same period have come down by 43% while investments in sales and 
R&D have continued.  
 
The losses in Fractal Alpha have been coming down since FY2023. Our segment loss in 
FY2023 was INR 54 crore which reduced to INR 44 crore in FY2024 to INR 26 crore in 
FY2025 and to INR 15 crore in FY2026. 
 
Now I will move over to net income.  
 
Net income for Q4 grew by 109% to INR 116 crore. Net income margin expanded by 575 
bps year-over-year to 13.1%.  
 
In Q4 2026, ESOP charges, including cash bonus linked to options and one time retention 
bonus, declined to 1.8% of revenue versus 3.3% for the same period last year. ESOP 
charges including cash bonus linked to option has come down from 9.9% of revenue in 
FY2023 to 2.2% of the revenue in FY2026.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Operating EBIT without the impact of other income, share of loss of an associate and 
exceptional items was INR 144 crore in Q4 2026 which was 53% higher than the same 
period in the previous year.  
 
Diluted EPS is at INR 6.73 which is 106% higher than the same period in the previous 
fiscal and is at INR 7.14 without losses from the associate company. We have covered 
gross margin, EBITDA and net income.  
 
Now let us talk about cash. We generated INR 409 crore of cash from operations in the 
FY2026 which was 3% higher than the previous fiscal. CFO has increased despite INR 
86 crore increase in working capital during the year, primarily driven by increase in trade 
receivables which is in line with the revenue growth during the year.  
 
DSO which is an important indicator for cash flow generation has improved by two days 
that is from 74 days in FY2024-FY2025 to 72 days in the current fiscal year. In FY2025, 
we had 12 days of improvement in DSO from 86 to 74, which resulted in high CFO to 
adjusted EBITDA conversion of 82% while the current year conversion of 70% is more 
representative of our steady state.  
 
As of March 31, 2026, we had cash and cash equivalents, including mutual funds and 
fixed deposits of INR 2,052 crore or USD 219 million, including IPO proceeds of INR 
957 crore. 
 
In summary, [it was a] great year where we delivered 19% revenue growth, 48% gross 
margin, 18% adjusted EBITDA and INR 287 crore of net income. For the full year, net 
income grew by 30% and by 43% excluding losses from associate.  
 
Now, we can move on to your questions. Back to you, moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now move to the Q&A segment. To ensure 
we provide space for as many participants as possible, we request you to limit yourselves 
to one question per turn. Participants are requested to click on the raise hand icon located 
at the bottom toolbar on your screen. When called upon, you will receive a prompt to 
unmute. We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We take the first 
question from Ankur Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Jain: 
So, I congratulate Fractal for the wonderful performance and the opening remark was also 
very much explanatory. So, my question to Srikanth is that we have some list of must win 
clients which are already big companies but what I believe is that AI can help smaller 
companies also to become very big. AI has the potential to help a company which is 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
having a good product or good service, scale at large and become very big. This is a 
question as well as a suggestion. Why don’t we have a list of companies that you can help 
to become top hundred companies or something like that? I hope I am able to describe 
my question well. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. Thank you, Ankur. I really appreciate the question.  
 
So our current strategy is about serving what we call as Must Win Clients and the 
definition of that is companies that are USD 10 billion in revenue, or USD 20 billion in 
market cap, or have 30 million consumers or customers. Now, if you look at the second 
and third criteria, USD 20 billion market cap, even a relatively smaller company, like a 
company with USD 1 billion revenue, could have a USD 20 billion market cap. And a 
company that may have even USD 100 million revenue but is serving 30 million 
customers could also be in the target. So by the way we have defined 10-20-30, USD 10 
billion in revenue, USD 20 billion market cap, and 30 million customers, we are certainly 
including companies that eventually will become USD 10 billion in revenue as well, not 
just the ones that are currently USD 10 billion plus in revenue.  
 
The second aspect of what you may be referring to is why not address midsized, smaller 
companies as well, even if they do not meet the 10-20-30 criteria that we currently have. 
It is something that we have pondered about. But today's Fractal strategy is about doing 
at least USD 2 million and as much as USD 100 million per year per client and that is 
what really makes Fractal business become very big and sustainable. So that is why we 
do not wish to serve much smaller companies, because the path to doing a reliable USD 
2 to USD 3 million dollars a year with them, where it becomes profitable for us, is harder. 
That is why we have currently focused on the very large companies.  
 
Having said that, it also opens up to expanding it in future, especially as our Cogentiq 
platform takes shape, and where there are other platforms, we expect to be able to create 
some self-serve versions of these platforms available to everybody, and that is how we 
will also address the part of the market that we cannot directly serve as end clients. I hope 
that answers the question. 
Ankur Jain: 
Yes thank you means I think it is in your mind like for future you will be implementing 
that. One very small question is that you have domains like TMT, BFSI, etc., are you 
planning anything in ESG space to serve ESG requirements of any company, this question 
only. 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Yes, we do work with some of our largest clients on the ESG space. As part of our supply 
chain practice, we have a pretty solid capability in the supply chain side, and that does 
work on matters of sustainability.  
 
We have been using data and AI to drive sustainability related advantages and reporting 
for some of our most important clients. So yes, this is a new emerging area, and that is 
also promising and we are working on it through the supply chain practice.  
 
Fractal also has its own very robust ESG practice that we implement internally. And as 
you may have seen, we have a CDP rating of B because we were not listed last time and 
we expect to improve on that. And overall, our sustainability scores are pretty robust. We 
do offer these kinds of services and using AI to improve sustainability to a vast number 
of our clients as well. 
Ankur Jain: 
Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will move to our next question. That is from Pritesh Thakkar of PL Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pritesh Thakkar: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question. So my question is on the, on the TMT side of the 
vertical, if you can double click on the client specific issues that you are highlighting on 
TMT, and how should we look at TMT vertical going into FY2027? And secondly, in a 
similar line, is TMT vertical a low margin business if I compare with the other vertical? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Great questions. Thank you, Pritesh. Number one is that the client specific issues that we 
had in this year resulted in one of the client situations was where the client entered into a 
joint venture with another provider and in the process, reduced the work with us to almost 
zero. So that is one issue.  
 
Another client situation was such that the client itself was going through massive 
restructuring because of which they were unable to expand their business and they had to 
contract with us.  
 
Secondly, to your other question about TMT margins, it is not a low margin business. 
TMT is pretty robust in terms of the overall margins. It may be a couple of points below 
some of the other industry verticals, but it is pretty profitable and even though some of 
the, gross margins may be slightly lower, the net operating margin, something that we 
look at internally, are pretty robust for all practices, including the TMT practice so not a 
low margin business. It is reasonably high margin business.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
In TMT, I just would like to add that the work we do is more input-driven rather than 
output and outcome driven. So if you look at the future, we do expect that as outcome 
and output driven models take off, we will expand our margins. So, to that extent, there 
is a small difference in gross margins between TMT and other practices.  
 
Now, for the last part of your question, which is about outlook for TMT, we expect these 
client-specific growth issues to have worked themselves out through this year, and 
therefore, we expect to do better in the TMT vertical in the next few quarters. 
Pritesh Thakkar: 
Thank you so much. I have a few questions. Within Fractal Alpha, which has grown 
notably for the full year, if you can provide some metrics around the number of clients or 
average take rate who are actively using our subscription model there, especially in Alpha 
and Vidhya that we have highlighted. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
There are two companies as part of the Alpha portfolio. One is Asper and another is 
Analytics Vidhya.  
 
Asper has about 15 CPG customers or FMCG clients, and that is continuing to grow very 
nicely.  
 
Analytics Vidhya works with a bunch of enterprise clients, which are very similar to the 
clients that we currently serve as well. This includes healthcare companies, banks, and 
other industries as well. And these companies are of the size and shape of the companies 
that we regularly serve, the Must Win Clients.  
 
Asper has a slightly different go-to-market, where it can serve companies that are less 
than USD 10 billion in revenue as well. Overall, both these companies serve 15 plus 
clients each in their business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move to our next question, that is from Gaurav Rateria of Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, congratulations on strong execution on your margins. I have a couple of questions. 
First one, you talked about 100x opportunity, big, big price. How should one think about 
priority for the company? Would it be to reinvest aggressively, keeping profitability 
where it is and accelerate our penetration into our must win accounts? Second, to extract 
maximum value as a service provider, what is the best way to do structure engagements 
with the clients? Is it more licenses based for our Cogentiq product or more like a fixed 
price engagement? What would be the challenges in that? Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you very much, Gaurav. So first thing is that we expect to continue our profitability 
journey. We want to increase our revenue growth rate while expanding gross margins, 
not by sacrificing gross margins. So we expect the profitability journey to continue, the 
operating leverage to continue to kick in. And the way we are thinking is maximize 
revenue growth rate while making sure that we hit a certain profitability threshold. That 
is the kind of optimization that we are currently doing.  
 
Even though we recognize that this is the best ever time to be an enterprise AI company, 
we want to also make sure that we are operating at a certain level of profitability while 
growing at the maximum possible rate. That is really how we are thinking of it.  
 
The second part of your question is about how do we price engagements. We have seen 
that anything that is priced as linked to outputs, outcomes, or as license has a much 
stronger margin profile and also sustainable. And so we expect to move our engagements 
into more outcome driven, more output driven, and more license-driven. Now, between 
output, outcome, and license, license driven revenues have the highest gross margin, 
though the ticket size there is smaller. So that is the trade-off.  
 
So the best really is if you can drive outcome or output-based deals with some license 
component built into them that is the best possible way to not only create large revenue 
growth, but also do it at a much higher gross margin overall. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you, Gaurav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Aditi Patil of ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditi, could you please unmute your microphone and ask your question? 
Aditi Patil: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good execution. My first 
question is: what is our share of output-based contracts in our Fractal.ai business and how 
do we see this growing? And when we say that the opportunity for growth ahead of us is 
100X, can you share all your thoughts on how it will translate to revenue growth for us 
in the near term in the next two years or like what kind of use cases can help us tap this 
growth opportunity? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you Aditi. Firstly on the fraction of revenues coming from output based contracts 
in Fractal.ai, we do not separately report this number. You could say that, that number is 
growing. We expect to get to 60% of our revenue to be output, outcome, or license based 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
in the next two to three years. That is the trajectory. Today, it is about 20 points lower 
than that. So that is where it is right now, and we expect it to grow.  
 
Secondly, on the growth that is ahead of us, we expect, enterprise AI to take off 
substantially in this year and the next few years. There is always some friction between 
what is possible versus what the enterprises are willing to implement right now. 
Companies are still understanding and implementing AI for the first time, figuring it out 
before they can expand dramatically. So we expect that the Fractal growth rate should 
reflect that and should be robust in the coming year as well. So we feel pretty optimistic 
about where the company is going to grow.  
 
We do not have specific revenue guidance at this point in time, but we expect that our 
historical revenue growth rates are a good indication of where we should be growing in 
the next year as well.  
Aditi Patil: 
Okay, so can you also share a few examples of like net new areas of demand because of 
AI which you are seeing? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Yes, sure Aditi. Literally every aspect of a business is up for re-imagination and 
rebuilding. That is what we are seeing. So if somebody were to say, “look, hey, why don’t 
you just improve our build price elasticity models that helps us price”, now from that 
need, it is now moving into saying, “do my entire revenue growth management”. Then 
reimagine the entire workflows of revenue growth management and build all kinds of AI 
models that inform decisions across the entire process that is called revenue management.  
 
So that is an example of how work expands because the scope of AI has now moved from 
a one-off solution or a point program into something that is all encompassing, a re-
imagination of the entire workflow. So that is the trend you are seeing.  
 
You are seeing this in, let us say, a Chief People Officer, typically not our client. But 
Chief People Officers are now saying, “I want to re-imagine how I hire, how I train, how 
people work alongside agents, how do I redesign work in the new era of AI?” So that is 
a new stakeholder.  
 
CFO is a stakeholder because a CFO is saying, “How do I accelerate my invoices? How 
do I realize cash faster?”  
 
A Chief Transformation Officer is our client, who is saying, “How can I transform any 
aspect of a process, any process in my organization?”  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
We are seeing a Chief Marketing Officer as a client who is saying, “How do I reimagine 
my customer engagement? How do I reimagine my marketing spends in an era of AI and 
how can I ...” So what would be a traditional agency spend is now an AI addressable 
spend, that is addressable by Fractal.  
 
You can see that literally every CXO in an organization… A CTO, a Chief Analytics 
Officer, Chief AI Officer, Chief Data Officers, have always been clients that we have 
served. But now all other CXOs, business heads, CEOs, are also our clients because they 
are seeing a massive opportunity to reimagine their business or segment of the business 
that they run with AI. And it is not just a point solution, “Hey, predict this and therefore 
help me make this decision,” which has been Fractal's bread and butter, but to say, “Hey, 
let us just go all across my business and help me reimagine this with AI.”  
 
That is why we have created these three go-to-market vectors:  
• 
AI led transformation. We are going to a CXO and telling her or him that we can 
help you reimagine your business process, build that entire workflow, the re-
imagined workflow on the Cogentiq platform and bring all sorts of models, including 
foundation models in enabling that. And therefore you can dramatically cut down 
the time.  
 
An example of that is… we are working with pharma company, a very large pharma 
company. They used to take roughly four days to answer questions coming from 
healthcare practitioners. Now we are saying that 4 days’ time is now brought down 
to 15 seconds or a few seconds, 15 to 60 seconds. We are helping them in answering 
the same question, answering in a cited, evidence-backed way within seconds. That 
is an example of reimagining the process of their customer engagement, which is 
healthcare practitioner or doctors. We are seeing this across the board. So that is 
AI-led transformation.  
• 
Second, we are building the AI foundations. Again, this is not traditionally Fractal 
addressable spend, which is, how do I build all the foundations that result in AI-led 
transformation. So what people are saying is, can you build an ontological 
knowledge layer on top of all my data and help me in therefore enabling 
transformation? How can I completely modernize tech spends with AI and therefore 
bring down the costs relative to other service providers by 50% to even 75%? So 
that is the AI foundations.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
• 
Third is AI-led work and workforce transformation where a Chief People Officer 
or Chief Business Officer or CEO is saying, “I want to reimagine work and 
workforce in the age of AI and help me do that”. So this is how we have organized 
in order to respond to that opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we move to our next question, we would like to request participants 
to please limit your questions to one per turn. Our next question is from Kawaljeet Saluja 
of Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Hi, I have a couple of questions. Srikanth, the first is on the TMT vertical. The revenue 
drop has been sharp. Now I have heard your comments, but I am still trying to understand 
the magnitude of the drop seems to be quite steep. Is there a loss of relationship or wind 
down of an engagement? What really materialized in the verticals? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you, Kawaljeet. So one of the clients that we were serving in the APAC region in 
the TMT vertical, that relationship has not gone to zero, but it has dramatically gone down 
because of a joint venture that that company has entered into with another company. In 
the process, they moved their entire business into the joint venture, and that is at the CEO 
level of this very large TMT company, so that is definitely one example.  
 
The second example is of an enterprise software company that has entered into 
restructuring because their own business has gone through certain challenges. So there 
again we are seeing revenue drop.  
 
There is also a third one of where we have again, we have not, reported about this before, 
but in this quarter, we were not able to recognize some revenue because of some data-led 
delays. We did not have the data in place at the right time. Therefore, we could not 
recognize revenue. So this quarter, especially, that has a meaningful role to play in the 
decline in revenue in the TMT vertical. This is, again, a large MAG 7 company where we 
are doing some really interesting work. But we could not start something because of some 
data related delays. Therefore, we recognized lower revenue from that relationship. 
Kawaljeet Saluja: 
Got that. The second question I had, Srikanth, is on reorganization or the new approach. 
It seems that you seem to be trying to address various personas in a client organization. 
In that case, do the heads at the solution towers interface directly with the clients, or is it 
done through a sales team? And in this structure, how do you drive commercial discipline 
and risk management as you move aggressively into the agentic world? 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you, Kawaljeet. Number one is that, yes, most of Fractal is client facing in the 
sense that, yes, we have a commercial organization and the commercial organization 
interfaces with the clients. But in order to win, most of Fractal is involved in winning 
those client relationships. So the best salespeople or commercial leaders in the Fractal 
organization are the ones who are able to orchestrate Fractal's expertise showing through 
to clients by bringing these go-to-market experts in client conversations. So that is how 
it works.  
 
The way the commercial discipline works now is now we have unified Fractal's 
commercial discipline under a Global Chief Commercial Officer called Matt Gennone 
and he has a global remit to make sure that we are moving from the current engagement 
structures to more outcome, output, and license driven structures and pricing and all other 
kinds of discipline around commercial transformation, he has under his belt. He also is a 
CEO of Cogentiq and in that way bringing Cogentiq into every conversation and making 
it more platform-led than ever before. So we have actually tightened our overall global 
commercial outreach by putting it under one person called Matt.  
 
Now, geographically, we have sales leaders who are also going to market. So they will 
do their business, but under the overall commercial discipline led by Matt. So that is really 
how the structure enables us to not just bring our best expertise to clients, but also create 
the discipline of commercial outreach. 
Moderator:' 
Mr. Saluja, may we request you to return to the queue as there are several participants 
waiting. Thank you. We will take our next question from Dhanshree Jadhav of Choice 
International. Please go ahead. 
Dhanshree Jadhav: 
Good morning. Congrats on a great set of numbers. So my question to Srikanth would be, 
we have seen CPG showing improved growth in the current quarter. So, if you can share 
the opportunities we see there coming in for FY2027, also in other verticals for Fractal 
that is the first question. Second, I would like to get some sense on Qure.ai growth and 
profits. Like if you see last nine months, the growth there and profits have been dwindling 
because of lower US healthcare spends. So, I want to know how is the current picture 
there as far as US healthcare spends are concerned and the order mix of the Qure.ai. So, 
how that is going to change coming into FY2027. Yes, this should be the two questions. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you. Thank you, Dhanshree. Yes, CPG had some initial challenges in the 
beginning of last year, especially because, as soon as the Liberation Day related trade 
regime was announced, many of the CPG companies really froze and that created its own 
inflation expectations and also some overall slowdown in CPG for the first half of the last 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
fiscal. Some of those things have eased, so we expect CPG to do better overall and we 
expect this across every vertical as well.  
 
It is very interesting that there is a tremendous, tremendous need to get enterprise AI right 
inside companies. We have never seen this level of excitement and need for this, and it is 
yet tempered with all the other geopolitical situations that are happening – the trade 
uncertainties, or whether it is related to the Middle East war, etc. What we are seeing is a 
net result of extreme excitement around enterprise AI, tempered with some of the 
macroeconomic related situations that exist, as we all know. So that is how the net result 
of that is. 
 
Now coming to Qure.ai, Qure had last year, this was calendar year last year, as soon as 
the new US administration took office, they created a program called DOGE, as you 
probably know. The first action that DOGE took was to shutter an agency called USAID, 
which it turns out is one of the largest funders of tuberculosis programs around the world, 
not only directly through USAID, but through several other agencies relied on USAID. 
So that was a significant source of revenues for the Qure.ai business and that just dried 
up instantly, which created a massive headwind for Qure in the beginning of last fiscal 
year and that has played itself out.  
 
And today, as of April 2026, Qure is sitting on a phenomenal order pipeline and a very, 
very strong order book. They are not just going to recover from all the setbacks from the 
last year, but do even better than that. So that is the expectation that Qure as a business 
will have phenomenal revenue growth and therefore, some of the losses that we have 
experienced in this fiscal year through the IPO process and after that also a couple of 
quarters, we have seen that Qure has been a huge drag on our overall profitability. That 
drag is getting lifted as we speak, and Qure will have a much better year and also not 
contribute to additional losses to Fractal. So that is the expectation in this coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now move to our next question that is from Dipesh Mehta of Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. First is, can you quantify the impact of 
client specific challenges which you highlighted in Q4 performance and any client 
specific challenges you envisage in top 20 client? And second question is what will be 
the gross margin difference between outcome, output, license revenue versus traditional 
way of business if you can give some sense. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you very much. So our growth rate, as you would be able to calculate, without 
including TMT would be 27% for the full year as opposed to the 19% that we have 
actually reported. So that is the impact of the client-specific issues. Within that, if you 
exclude the top three clients specific issues, that growth rate would be roughly the similar 
number to what I just mentioned. So that is the quantification of the client specific issues. 
 
On your question around the margin difference between output license versus traditional 
way of doing business, there is a 5- to 7-point difference between input-driven pricing 
versus output-driven, outcome-driven pricing. 5- to 7-point  of additional gross margin 
are there in output and outcome compared to input and there is a 25-to-30-point difference 
between that and the license-driven gross margin. So, license driven gross margins are 
very high. But they are pretty high even for the 48% or so gross margin that we have 
today is a mix of both input plus output, and the difference between the two is about five 
to seven points, with licensed revenue being 30 points even higher in terms of gross 
margin. I hope that answers. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Srinath V of Bellwether Capital. Please go ahead 
with your question. Srinath, could you please unmute your microphone? 
Srinath V: 
Yes, so one macro trend I wanted to, run by you is the global analysts seem to think that, 
putting a data platform and then running AI on top of it is the way to go, like Databricks 
plus software, Snowflake plus software, Fabric plus software, and then build custom built 
software as analytics tools. So I wanted your view on what do you make of this trend and 
how are we positioning ourselves to the same? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank Srinath, thanks for that question. No, no question about that because the traditional 
approaches before or the new platforms that Databricks and Snowflake took off were 
much less effective. One of the biggest challenges in any AI is being able to manage the 
very large and unstructured data sources that exist inside enterprises. Now what 
Databricks does is to have a very nice way of managing this unstructured data and help 
you run AI on top of that.  
 
So one of the big beneficiaries of the AI revolution are going to be these data platforms 
like Databricks and so on, so these are our partners. We do work alongside Databricks 
and Snowflake and other big data platform companies in driving overall effectiveness 
with AI. So we expect that they will be huge beneficiaries.  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
Having said that, that is not sufficient. It is necessary, but not sufficient. There is a ton of 
work to be done in terms of driving enterprise AI transformation and that involves a data 
platform, but it also involves building on top of the data platform to reimagine workflows. 
So an agentic layer like Cogentiq is necessary and this agentic layer will connect to the 
data platform layer in order to drive overall enterprise AI transformation. 
Srinath V: 
To start off with, what portion of our employee base is certified by all these three 
companies? What is our ability to take transformational projects with the help of one of 
these data platforms and then build forward pipelines as well as deliver you know deep 
analytics work? I want to understand our readiness to integrate with these guys. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Absolutely. That is a great question, Srinath. I do not have the exact numbers of certified 
people, though we do have certification programs on Databricks, Snowflake, and all other 
kinds of foundational AI as well, like Claude, etc. So we take this seriously in terms of 
people being not just really good at using these platforms but also being certified by the 
platforms themselves, so that it becomes easier for clients to also appreciate their 
expertise. So, I do not have the exact number, but it will be in hundreds of people across 
each of these platforms that we just mentioned and that enables us to partner with these 
companies deeply.  
 
Today we are going to market with several of these players and one of the things that we 
are strengthening as part of our new overall go-to-market is our partnership muscle. We 
want to be much closer to these partners because these partners are becoming quite pivotal 
in the overall AI journey for the big companies. So we want to work closely with them, 
bring them opportunities, as well as work on the opportunities that they are bringing in 
order to accomplish the overall transformation. The size of the prize is very large, but 
there are multiple components of that prize. That includes data platforms, the foundation 
model providers, and the infrastructure providers like the Hyperscalers. All of these are 
involved in driving this, but they are all means to an end. The end really is AI-led 
transformation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We now move to our next question. That is from Nikhil Gupta of Vayu 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I am loud and clear. Yes. My only question is 
related to share of a Cogentiq platform with respect to our Fractal AI business. So what I 
can recall is that Cogentiq is still in a scaling phase and the overall share is very low I 
believe, and the most of the share of revenue is AI consulting and services. So can you 
comment on it? What is the current share? I hope? I believe you mentioned somewhere 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
that we plan to increase the share to 20% by 2030. Just want to know more on it. Thank 
you. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Nikhil, thank you very much for the question. And yes, you are absolutely right that 
Cogentiq, as part of our current revenue, is relatively small. We have some amazing wins, 
though. For example, one of the largest Mag7 technology company did a full evaluation, 
three-month evaluation, of all the agentic platforms out there and decided to choose 
Cogentiq and work with it in their overall marketing transformation.  
 
We are working in the CMO's office of this large company and they are using that to look 
at their website, which gets hundreds of millions of customers every month. They are 
using all of this information to better serve these customers as part of the overall 
marketing function of the organization. They are using Cogentiq to do that. So Cogentiq 
is seeing a lot of promise. It is not yet there in the numbers as you have rightly pointed 
out. 
 
The overall license revenue for Fractal, which includes Cogentiq, but it is not limited to 
Cogentiq. There are things like Asper, PiEvolve and other elements of Fractal, which are 
also license-driven. That number is currently only about 3% of Fractal’s revenue. We 
want to take that license driven revenue from 3% to 20% by 2030, and which will be quite 
significant in terms of also margin expansion. And one of the reasons I feel pretty 
confident about expanding our gross margins as we expand our revenue is because the 
share of license revenue as well as output- and outcome-based revenues are increasing of 
the overall pie and each of those moves actually expands our gross margin. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Gupta, may we request you to return to the queue, please? There are several 
participants waiting. Our next question is from Randhir Singh of Randhir HUF. Please 
go ahead. 
Randhir Singh: 
So, thanks for the opportunity, Sir. Sir, I want to ask in your business, there are two 
segments. One segment does analytics and the second segment whose revenue 
contribution is very less, but has a good gross margin. Am I getting it right sir?1 
 
1 The next three questions and their responses (in italics) were in Hindi, and have been translated to English  

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Randhir Singh: 
So, going forward, the one whose gross margin is more, say, can we expect more revenue 
contribution from that? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Yes, this segment Fractal Alpha, this segment is moving ahead very fast. Its growth rate 
is higher. So its contribution will increase in overall revenue. 
Randhir Singh: 
Can you tell what would be the expected revenue contribution in FY2027? 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
I cannot tell the exact figure, but I can tell the revenue contribution will be higher than 
the prior year, I can tell this segment is growing faster relative to Fractal overall. 
Moderator: 
We take that as the last question and that concludes the question and answer session. 
Before I hand the conference over to Anjali Garg from Fractal’s Investor Relations team 
for closing comments, I request Srikanth to share his final remarks. 
Srikanth Velamakanni: 
Thank you, Inba. As I close, here is what I want to leave you with.  
 
We grew 19% at a time when growth has been challenging across most of our industry. 
We did it while expanding gross margins, growing adjusted EBITDA, and stepping up 
R&D investment to 6.4% of revenue.  
 
Our highest ever NPS, our net revenue retention, and the trust of more than 100 Fortune 
500 enterprises tell us that we are central to where our clients are headed. 
 
And the moment in front of us, frontier intelligence, agentic capability, and the 
transformation phase of enterprise AI is exactly the moment we have been spending 
decades preparing for.  
 
This prize is real and is for us to win it. Over to you, Anjali. 
Anjali Garg: 
Thank you, Srikanth. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. If you have any further 
questions, including any that we were unable to address during the call today, feel free to 
reach out to us at investorrelations@fractal.ai. We look forward to seeing you again next 
quarter. Thank you once again and wish you a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. You may now 
click on the leave icon to exit the meeting. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Fractal Analytics Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
