 
 
9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Tel 91 22 6778 9595 Fax 91 22 6630 3672 e-mail corporate.office@tcs.com website www.tcs.com 
Registered Office 9th Floor Nirmal Building Nariman Point Mumbai 400 021 
Corporate Identity No. (CIN): L22210MH1995PLC084781 
TCS/SE/60/2026-27 
 
July 15, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
 
 
 
P. J. Towers,   
    
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)   
 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400051                                                             Mumbai - 400001    
Symbol - TCS 
                                                            Scrip Code No. 532540  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on  
July 9, 2026, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.tcs.com.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Tata Consultancy Services Limited  
 
 
 
Yashaswin Sheth 
Company Secretary 
ACS 15388 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA 
SHETH
Digitally signed by 
YASHASWIN 
NARENDRA SHETH 
Date: 2026.07.15 
19:20:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 24 
 
Tata Consultancy Services Limited 
Transcript for Earnings Conference Call 
Held on July 09, 2026,19:00 hrs IST (08:30 hrs US ET) 
For discussing Financial Results for Q1 FY2027 ended on June 30, 2026  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the TCS Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nehal Shah, Head - Investor 
Relations at TCS. Thank you and over to you. 
Nehal Shah: 
Thank you, Yashashri. Good evening and welcome everyone. Thank you 
for joining us today to discuss TCS's ﬁnancial results for the ﬁrst quarter 
of FY2027 that ended on June 30, 2026. This call is being webcast through 
our website and an archive including the transcript will be available on the 
site for the duration of this quarter. The ﬁnancial statements, quarterly 
fact sheet, and press releases are also available on our website. Our 
leadership team is present today on this call to discuss our results. We 
have with us today Mr. K Krithivasan, Chief Executive OƯicer and Managing 
Director. 
K Krithivasan: 
Hi, good evening, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Ms. Aarthi Subramanian, Executive Director, President, and Chief 
Operating OƯicer. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Good evening, everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
Mr. Samir Seksaria, Chief Financial OƯicer. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Hello everyone. 
Nehal Shah: 
And Mr. Sudeep Kunnumal, Chief HR OƯicer. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: 
Hello everyone. 

 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Nehal Shah: 
Our management team will give a brief overview of the company's 
performance followed by a Q&A session. As you are aware, we don't 
provide any speciﬁc revenue or earnings guidance, and anything said on 
this call, which reﬂects our outlook for the future or which could be 
construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
 
We have outlined these risks in the second slide of the quarterly fact sheet 
available on our website and emailed out to those who have subscribed 
to our mailing list. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Nehal. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us. I would 
like to begin by calling out the key takeaways from our Q1 FY27 
performance.  
First, Q1 FY27 reﬂects continued growth momentum and the strength of 
our strategic positioning despite the geopolitical and macroeconomic 
headwinds.  
 
Our Q1 revenue stood at ₹72,275 crore, growing 2.2% sequentially and 
13.9% year-on-year. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of growth. 
Growth was led by BFSI, Technology, software and services, regional 
markets, and products and platforms.  
 
Second, strong order book closure and large deal momentum continued. 
We delivered a TCV of $9.5 billion, including net new AI-led business 
transformation deals such as, 
 
US$ 800 million mega deal with SKF; 6th mega deal win in the last 5 
quarters 
 
Multi-million $ strategic partnership agreement with ServiceNow 
 
Multi-million $ deal with Europe-based Fortune Global 50 ﬁrm  
 
The third key takeaway is our AI services revenue continues to 
accelerate. At the end of Q1 FY27, it stands at $2.6 billion in annualized 
revenue, which is up 13.6% QoQ.  

 
Page 3 of 24 
 
 
Fourth, client priorities are increasingly aligned with our focus areas of  AI-
led transformation, modernization, cybersecurity, sovereign cloud, 
platform rationalization, and vendor consolidation. We maintained 
healthy client additions across $10 million+, $5 million+, and $1 million+ 
revenue bands on a sequential basis.  
 
Fifth, our operating margins stood at 24%, down 130 bps sequentially, 
primarily due to wage hikes.  
Finally, we continue to advance our Infrastructure to Intelligence strategy 
through unique partnerships with frontier AI companies and new 
launches: 
- 
We announced a global premier partnership with Anthropic, which 
gives us early access to Claude family of models, 50,000 licenses, a 
joint GTM campaign, co-creation of industry solutions, and TCS iON 
as a training and certiﬁcation partner. 
- 
TCS also became the ﬁrst GSI partner for Mistral AI. Together, we 
will build sovereign and custom AI models for enterprises and 
establish a dedicated COE for developing industry solutions across 
BFSI, healthcare, manufacturing, and public sector.  
- 
We also launched TCS SovereignSecure CloudTM for Europe, 
directly addressing rising demand from governments and regulated 
enterprises 
for 
compliance, 
sovereign, 
and 
AI-ready cloud 
infrastructure. This strengthens TCS's leadership presence in Europe 
as clients prioritize data residency, operational control, and 
geopolitical risk mitigation. 
- 
We launched a dedicated Global Value and Innovation Center 
business unit to help enterprises build, operate, transform, or divest 
global capability centers.  
- 
HyperVault is strengthening TCS's market positioning and deepening 
360-degree partnership with clients and ecosystem partners. In Q1 
FY27, these partnerships enabled two very large IT services deals 
which were net new for us.  

 
Page 4 of 24 
 
 
I will now invite Samir, Aarthi, and Sudeep to go over diƯerent aspects 
of our performance during the quarter. I'll step in later to provide more 
color on the demand trends that we are seeing. Over to you, Samir. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Thank you, Krithi. Good day everyone.  
Our quarterly revenue was ₹72,275 crores, a growth of 2.2% QoQ and 
13.9% YoY in rupee terms. In dollar terms, revenue was $7,624 million, 
which was ﬂat growth sequentially and 2.7% YoY. In constant currency 
terms, our growth was 40 bps sequentially and 3.2% YoY. 
This quarter, we have undertaken a reﬁnement of cost categories to 
address the previously elevated ‘other expenses’ to provide a clearer view 
of the underlying cost drivers. This change has no impact on overall 
expenses or operating margins, and prior periods have been aligned for 
comparability. Prior four-quarter comparative details are available on our 
quarterly fact sheet.  
Operating margin for the quarter was 24%, declining 130 bps sequentially. 
In Q1, we rolled out annual increments for our global workforce, which 
impacted margins by 170 bps. We strengthened our partnership 
ecosystem and made targeted investments, which we were able to partly 
oƯset with 40 bps of currency beneﬁt and operational eƯiciencies.  
Our strong proﬁtability allows us the ability to make signiﬁcant 
investments which are aligned with our aspirations. We are investing in AI 
capabilities, talent transformation, partner ecosystems, platforms, 
domain solutions, and go-to-market capacity. These investments are 
necessary as client demand increasingly requires integrated oƯerings 
across the Infrastructure to Intelligence AI stack. At the same time, we 
continue to drive operational rigor through pyramid optimization, 
productivity improvement, better resource fulﬁllment, automation, and 
disciplined cost management. 

 
Page 5 of 24 
 
As we have demonstrated in the past, our approach is to not optimize 
margins in isolation, but to invest in capabilities that strengthen our long-
term competitiveness while continuing to deliver industry-leading 
proﬁtability and return ratios. 
Net margin for the quarter was 19.2%. DSO stood at 74 days in $ terms 
and constant sequentially.  
Our cash conversion remained strong at 93% of net income. Invested 
funds at the end of the period stood at $5.3 billion.  
Our capital allocation policy remains unchanged, and we remain 
committed to returning substantial free cash ﬂows to our shareholders 
while judiciously investing to support our long-term growth aspirations. 
I'll now invite Aarthi. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Thank you, Samir. Good evening.  
Q1 saw strong growth momentum across our services portfolio with 
multiple AI transformation wins. AI demand continues across IT 
operations, software engineering, modernization, business process 
transformation, and enterprise platform implementation. 
The nature of engagements ranges from AI-led optimization to large-scale 
AI-native transformation programs.  
Let me share a few of our key deal wins this quarter.  
 
We signed a mega deal with SKF to enable transformation across 
infrastructure, applications, enterprise systems, and business 
processes. The program will help SKF build an AI-native enterprise 
through global process standardization on S/4HANA, AI-led IT-Ops, 
and business transformation to drive revenue growth, working capital 
improvement, and predictable IT costs.  
 
For a large North American utility major, we are transforming a 
decade-long collaboration into a future-ready operating model. The 

 
Page 6 of 24 
 
engagement will modernize operations across grid management, 
customer experience, asset management, and workﬂow enablement, 
while building a scalable foundation with strong AI governance and 
lifecycle management. TCS won this renewal with an AI-ﬁrst 
proposition for existing services and was also chosen as a partner for 
transformation of the utility major into an AI company.  
 
This quarter, we also had multiple deal wins in autonomous GBS 
across HR, ﬁnance, and customer experience. Agentic operating 
model is at the core of our customer value commitment in BPS.  
Agentic AI has rapidly dominated customer conversations this year and is 
increasingly shaping how we design and deliver solutions.  
With growing adoption, AI governance is becoming a top priority for 
enterprises. TCS is investing in enabling customers deploy and manage AI 
securely through our agentic control plane, providing governance, 
observability, lifecycle management, and cost control.  
 
Let me take you through how agentic AI is being deployed across 
enterprises for IT and business transformation.  
 
AI agents in software engineering, IT operations, and technology 
modernization are becoming mainstream. Enterprises are combining 
agentic capability from their existing tool investments with contextual 
agents for improving productivity and resilience, while accelerating 
time-to-market as well.  
 
For a large retailer, 70 agents are orchestrating IT-Ops across more 
than 60 infrastructure and application workﬂows, integrating with the 
customer's ITSM tools. Continuous 24/7 monitoring and 24/7 
operations have shifted from largely human monitoring to AI-led 
monitoring. The transformation has resulted in 30% faster 
remediation and 80% fewer incidents.  
 
Business process transformation with agentic AI will be a signiﬁcant 
opportunity across industries. Enterprises are looking at both 

 
Page 7 of 24 
 
redesigning workﬂows with AI as well as driving process optimization 
with AI. TCS is building domain-speciﬁc workﬂow blueprints and 
agentic vertical platforms with pre-built agents across industry 
domains to accelerate business transformation.  
 
Let me share an example of how AI agents are working alongside humans 
to transform worker compensation workﬂow for a global specialist 
insurer. TCS has deployed seven AI agents, including specialized medical 
and fraud review agents, who are operating alongside human examiners. 
This human plus AI operating model has cut claim settlement by 40%, 
replacing a legacy process that relied on several sequential human 
handoƯs. The result is faster and more consistent claim operations with 
meaningful impact on cycle time and customer experience.  
We will continue to drive focused execution on our Infrastructure to 
Intelligence strategy that we announced last year. As all of us know, AI is 
evolving at unprecedented speed with model capabilities emerging 
rapidly. We continue to integrate the latest advances into our services, 
platforms and solutions in collaboration with our partners.  
Thank you. I will now hand it over to Sudeep. 
Sudeep Kunnumal: 
Thank you, Aarthi and hello everyone.  
Our workforce at the end of quarter stood at 593,798. This quarter, we 
completed the annual salary increments for all associates globally and 
also aligned salary structures of our India associates with the new India 
Labor Code requirements.  
We continue to build a workforce equipped for evolving client needs 
through a balanced talent strategy that combines fresh hiring, 
experienced professionals and sustained talent development.  
 
Our campus hiring continues to focus on digital and AI-native talent, 
supported by reimagined Initial Learning Program and stronger AI-
centric curriculum.  

 
Page 8 of 24 
 
o We are investing in the trainee pipeline and deployment 
readiness through experiential project-based learning, while 
gradually moving towards a more skill-centric employee 
pyramid. 
 
We are also investing in large-scale upskilling and reskilling of our 
existing workforce.  
o TCS continues to operate one of the industry's largest 
enterprise learning engines. In Q1 FY27, associates logged 
14.6 million learning hours and gained over 1.3 million 
competencies.  
 
Our lateral hiring is focused on domain-speciﬁc and AI-native talent.  
o Over 50% of the lateral hires already possess next-generation 
skills and we expect this share to increase as we continue to 
build talent depth.  
Looking ahead, we remain focused on enabling our people to be future-
ready through investments in AI infrastructure and next-generation skill 
development programs. We are committed to fostering a workplace 
environment where every associate feels safe, valued, trusted and 
empowered to grow. 
Thank you and I now hand it back to Krithi. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, Sudeep.  
Let me now share details of our key industries’ performance this quarter.  
 
BFSI delivered good growth across geographies.  
 
Tech, Software and Services continued its growth momentum. We 
successfully won several large and mid-sized deals in this segment, 
including a multi-million-dollar deal with ServiceNow.  
 
In Consumer Business Group, the quarter was driven by a 
combination of inﬂationary pressures and ongoing geopolitical 
uncertainties impacting discretionary spend. In this environment, 
client priorities were focused on managing their increasing costs. 

 
Page 9 of 24 
 
Growth initiatives remain selective, centered on targeted areas that 
could deliver scalable impact without increasing risk exposure.  
 
Life Sciences and Healthcare saw a decline this quarter. However, 
core demand for AI transformation, automation and compliance 
initiatives is intact. Recovery is expected soon.  
 
Manufacturing continued to show softness in certain segments like 
auto, while decision-making was inﬂuenced by tariƯ pressure, macro 
uncertainty, EV recalibration, supply chain resilience and cost 
discipline. However, our outlook remains positive for manufacturing 
based on multiple net new deal wins signed this quarter. For instance,  
o We announced a landmark US$800 million global AI-led 
business transformation deal with SKF for redesigning their 
enterprise operations around an intelligent digital core.  
o We also further strengthened our collaboration with ABB 
through a new multi-million-dollar future Network Model 
engagement. 
o We also signed a multi-million-dollar deal with a Global 
Fortune 50 European ﬁrm. All of these are completely net 
new AI-led opportunities.  
 
In CMI, the industry headwinds continue to play out. We delivered 
modest growth in this sector.  
 
While ERU had a slight decline this quarter, we are positive on the 
growth prospects of this segment on the back of AI infrastructure 
build-out, electriﬁcation, renewables, energy security and mining 
critical materials. 
 
In Regional Markets, growth was driven by India, Public services, and 
our products and platforms.  
To summarize, enterprises are investing in transformation that improves 
resilience, 
productivity, 
security 
and 
readiness 
for 
AI. 
AI-led 
transformation, modernization, cybersecurity, sovereign cloud, platform 

 
Page 10 of 24 
 
rationalization and vendor consolidation are attracting client investments 
and TCS is favored as a partner of choice for our clients.  
We are encouraged by the quality of wins, strong client mining, steady AI 
monetization, relevance of our oƯering and the strength of our long-term 
competitiveness. These factors give us conﬁdence that TCS is well-
positioned to convert demand into stronger growth as clients spend 
normalizes and AI adoption scales across enterprises.  
We remain focused on execution, on deepening partnerships and on 
building capabilities that position TCS strongly for the AI-led 
transformation cycle ahead. We are conﬁdently marching towards our 
aspiration to become the world's leading AI-led technology services 
company. We will pursue this aspiration with discipline, responsibility and 
a continued focus on creating sustainable value for our clients, 
employees and shareholders.  
With this, we will open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We will take our ﬁrst question from the line of Kumar Rakesh from 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Hi, good evening, thank you for taking my question. My ﬁrst question was 
around the demand environment, especially from a near-term 
perspective. So how did you see the quarter, if you could quantify the 
impact from some of the macro and geopolitical uncertainties you saw in 
the quarter and did that pick up during the quarter and how do you see 
that panning out in the September quarter? Are there any more 
incremental impacts that you see going into the September quarter? 
K Krithivasan: 
Kumar, as we called out sometime earlier also, whatever factors we saw 
in Q4, we initially said that things were improving, but then around March, 
we started seeing geopolitical uncertainties increase. That sentiment 
continued through this quarter and I don’t know when this will change, 
because overall, many of the ongoing conﬂicts are continuing. We also 

 
Page 11 of 24 
 
saw, in many situations, our clients defer some of the projects during the 
quarter. These two were the eƯects we saw. 
 
But if you ask me, overall, we are still optimistic that the demand will 
resume at some time in Q2, primarily because our customers have a 
signiﬁcant amount of pent-up technology backlog to be completed.  I 
expect the demand to improve sometime in Q2. We're generally optimistic 
on Q2 going in at this time. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Thanks a lot for that. My second question was about the SG&A 
investments, and you have called out earlier as well that you are making 
investments, especially around AI. And that line item is up by about 16% 
in dollar terms YoY. 
 
If you could give us some more granular color, what investments are we 
making over there? Is it sales hiring? If so, in which geography, which areas 
are you focusing, or anything else which can have a better sense of what 
areas we are incrementally investing in? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Kumar, this quarter we have undertaken a reﬁnement of cost categories 
and, we have done away with the split-up of COR and SG&A, but as you 
rightly said, from the IFRS published ﬁnancials, the SG&A investments 
have been increasing and like we have stated earlier, our investments are 
on talent, strengthening the partnerships and targeted investments. This 
also includes some of the charges on the M&A side. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Got it. Thanks a lot for that. I'll fall back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yogesh Aggarwal from HSBC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Firstly, thanks for sharing the AI revenues and the details around the AI 
deals. But I think the picture will be a lot more complete if you can also 
discuss the impact, percentage of revenues or the business or the client 
has already gone through the productivity pass-through, and how much is 
left? Is it signiﬁcant or is it not a large share? 

 
Page 12 of 24 
 
K Krithivasan: 
Yogesh, your line was not very clear, but I'm assuming your question is 
around any overall revenue deﬂation because of the productivity gains 
coming out of AI. Is it right? 
Yogesh Aggarwal: 
Yes, and what part of the business has already gone through it? 
K Krithivasan: 
It's diƯicult to quantify what part of the business has already gone through 
productivity pass through, but what we can see is as and when the 
projects come up for renewal, we ﬁnd opportunities along with our clients 
to unearth productivity beneﬁts and pass them on to our customers. 
 
There are situations where our associates proactively look at 
opportunities and go to our customers and say where we can reduce 
overall spend. But we also see in many places, whenever we go to our 
customers with such opportunities, customers give us additional work 
and the top line is not signiﬁcantly impacted. 
 
This is an ongoing process, Yogesh and it will be very diƯicult to say 
whether we are done with all productivity gains being passed on. One 
quantiﬁcation I can give you is in most places, the productivity gain 
passed on is around 10% to 15% range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from 
Kotak Mahindra AMC. Please go ahead. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Hi Krithi, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, on the incremental AI revenue, 
we added $75 million of incremental AI revenue this quarter versus $125 
million of incremental revenue added in the March quarter. Is there any 
peculiar seasonality here, or was this quarter impacted by West Asian 
conﬂict or any other matters? The reason I'm asking is we don't have the 
full time series pattern to sort of understand the trend. 
K Krithivasan: 
Sudheer, please note that, this AI revenue is not like traditional ADM 
revenue where there is a lot of annuity revenue involved. Many of these 
projects tend to be one quarter, two quarter projects, where we complete 
and we have to win new projects again to deliver and accrue the revenue. 

 
Page 13 of 24 
 
 
There would be some quarters where this will tend to be a little lumpy in 
terms of the size of the overall revenue that we get. What we look for is, it 
is continuously increasing and the conversations with our clients, are 
yielding more opportunities.  We are quite happy with the kind of growth 
we've been seeing on a quarter-on-quarter basis because of the non-
recurring nature of this work. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Understood, sir, and the second question is the latest buzz term in the 
industry is the Forward Deployed Engineers. If we were to loosely equate 
this, would the role of a product manager in the digital era be a 
comparable benchmark for the role of the FDE? And a connected 
question is, if you were to assess your overall workforce, so how many 
FDEs would you count upon in the overall global workforce that you have 
right now? 
Aarthi Subramanian: Yes, Sudheer, this is Aarthi here. I think ﬁrstly the deﬁnition of FDE, is 
evolving as we speak. But within TCS, we have come up with a deﬁnition 
and along with the deﬁnition, the building of competencies and 
deployment of those engineers and as you know, the FDEs work in pods, 
also called squads. So, the entire operating model around FDE is 
something we are deﬁning. 
If you look back in the last year, since we started delivering in the new 
operating model with AI, we introduced our AI Acceleration Playbook 
that we came up with last year, which is ‘Innovate with AI, Build with AI, 
Scale with AI’. The playbook uses this concept of rapid build engineers, 
which is very similar to a forward deployment engineer. The diƯerence 
being that a forward deployment engineer would have multiple skills but 
would be very deep on one particular skill, sometimes on technical or a 
domain, but works with a toolkit that the person takes to go and solve a 
problem. 

 
Page 14 of 24 
 
 
Most of these FDE deployments are a diƯerent kind of project where you 
start with a problem that you solve for and then you deploy the squad and 
the engineers and I would not equate this to the role of a product manager. 
 
These are specialist engineers who are multi-skilled but deep in one 
particular skill. In TCS, we coined a term many years ago during the digital 
era, T-factor, and I think the FDE ﬁts quite well into the same T-factor 
capability model. 
 
At this time, I wouldn't put a number to how many FDE we have because 
this is a transition period and we are building these skills. But going 
forward, we would deﬁnitely target to have the deﬁnition that we come up 
with, and target to have at least 1% of our employee base, to work in the 
new operating model. 
 
But this is not a one-time jump, it is a transition. We are already working in 
the FDE model with our rapid build methodology, but the deﬁnition and 
the operating model, I expect it to evolve. 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Okay, ma'am, thanks and Krithi, one last question to your earlier response 
on the West Asian conﬂict impact. You said the uncertainty which started 
in March continued through April, May, and June. If you were to quantify 
the rate of change, given that you are expecting improvement sometime in 
the second quarter, are you seeing that it would have already peaked and 
you are now seeing an improvement of the situation on a month-on-
month, week-on-week basis? How would you essentially quantify the rate 
of change of this dynamic?  
K Krithivasan: 
Sudheer, I won't say we can quantify the rate of change. I can only talk 
based on the conversations we are having with our customers. For 
instance, this quarter, we expect the life sciences to do better. In some 
verticals, we see there is a stronger uptick visible. 
 
That gives us conﬁdence and overall conversations that we are having with 
our customers in diƯerent verticals is giving us conﬁdence, Sudheer. I 
don't know whether I can put a rate of change or quantify that at this time. 

 
Page 15 of 24 
 
Sudheer Guntupalli: Fair enough, sir. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes, hi, good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of quick 
ones. Last year we had very solid deal-win growth in retail and consumer, 
while consumer vertical seems to be soft, so is it that those deals aren't 
converting to revenue, or you think that pipeline should start converting to 
revenue and should lead to some growth as we move forward?  
K Krithivasan: 
Nitin, there are multiple factors playing out here. We had a few large 
projects that ended this quarter. So while the new project’s net addition is 
ramping up, it is still not adequate to completely oƯset the decline from 
those large projects. 
 
But I think as the quarters move along, and large projects that we signed 
up, as they start yielding revenue, we'll start seeing growth. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 2 questions from demand perspective. One is that in the US, corporate 
revenue growth seems to be quite decent, and I think consensus 
expectations on growth for this year on growth overall is broad-based 
across industries and seems pretty strong. 
 
And historically, we have seen a very high correlation, but this time 
around, it looks like it's not really coming through. Why do you think we are 
seeing this dynamic? Is it more attuned to the demand that is not 
happening, or is there a real caution on spend? 
 
But if there is velocity of growth, then why should spending be so curtailed 
is the ﬁrst question. The second question is, are you cautious on BFSI? If I 
understood your commentary, or do you think that BFSI continues to do 
well? 
K Krithivasan: 
Nitin, in fact, my answer to both the questions is probably similar.  If you 
see the banks are doing very well in US, we also are quite optimistic about 
the sustained growth in BFSI segment. I did call out retail is one segment 

 
Page 16 of 24 
 
where because of the geopolitics, when I say retail or consumer business, 
with airlines and non-essential retail, all of them are having a greater 
impact because of the global geopolitics. 
 
Similarly, you have manufacturing. Our manufacturing has a signiﬁcant 
auto component, and auto is also having an impact because of multiple 
reasons. So, we need to look at it from a sector perspective. 
 
As I said, BFSI, we are looking good. Manufacturing, we believe will turn 
around in Q2, life sciences could turn around in Q2, tech services will 
continue to grow. We are quite optimistic about these. Consumer 
business will turn around once we have a better market sentiment on 
geopolitics. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Sure, got it. That's helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ravi Menon: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Krithi, in this environment where the 
narrative is that white-collar employment will decline due to AI, and the 
ﬁrst casualty will likely be software development, your wage hikes and 
hiring seem to be sending a signal that you see things diƯerently. 
 
Can you talk a bit about why you've given this wage hike and why such 
strong hiring in an environment where at least the narrative seems to be 
that we will need net fewer people to do this sort of work? 
K Krithivasan: 
Ravi, I think our Chairman spoke during the last AGM, that we do not 
believe that there would be a drastic reduction in white-collar. But people 
would be performing diƯerent roles. 
Currently, if they are doing software engineering and coding, there could 
be more skill sets required in terms of prompt engineering, people will be 
training models, testing models, and lifecycle management, so many 
other new opportunities would come up. 

 
Page 17 of 24 
 
We don't agree with the view that overall white-collar employment will go 
down. And second, we want to have more top talent available in the 
organization. Whenever we see an opportunity and also whenever there is 
a demand that could immediately deploy the people in a client 
engagement, these are a couple of factors that help us or direct us into 
more hiring. 
Again, as I said, we don't fully agree that AI is going to reduce the overall 
white-collar jobs. 
Ravi Menon: 
That’s great. And consumer, you spoke quite a bit about it, but any speciﬁc 
sub-segments within this that you'd like to call out? For example, airlines. 
K Krithivasan: 
Airlines in North America is deﬁnitely one of the areas and by and large, 
the non-essential retail also comes under stress. 
Ravi Menon: 
All right. Thanks a lot, and from the sound of it, it looks like except for the 
consumer segment, you are optimistic that most others seem to be 
picking up and will continue to see percentage growth. 
K Krithivasan: 
As we speak, we see a good turnaround in almost every other sector. 
Ravi Menon: 
Alright. Thanks so much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. It is good to see that under AI-led 
transformation bucket, we have disclosed a mega deal win of $800 million 
from SKF and that too net-new versus a market perception that the role of 
the system integrator in terms of AI-led transformation would be much 
lower. 
What has led for a client to award such deals to a system integrator? Do 
you believe it can spread to other verticals, other large clients, and this 
could be a start of some modernization brownﬁeld kind of a demand? 

 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Second, with AI-led transformation, I think the tenure of execution could 
be lower. So in this kind of a scenario, though it's a mega deal, the ACV 
could be much bigger versus what it used to be in the earlier avatar. 
Aarthi Subramanian: Let me talk about the mega deal that you called out, SKF. Just wanted to 
highlight that it's a net-new deal and, it is over $800 million in revenues. 
What is the driver? I think it is TCS’s ability to partner with the customer to 
really transform their business and technology landscape and help them 
in their ambition to wanting to be an AI-ﬁrst company. 
I think that is the underlying partnership intent, if I may call it that. And 
when you look at this deal, it's a very holistic deal cutting across multiple 
aspects. TCS is going to help SKF completely optimize their run across 
infrastructure, applications with AI-led eƯiciencies. 
The second thing, many enterprises have legacy tech stack that they need 
to modernize. Here, S/4HANA transformation is a big part of this deal 
commitment. What is interesting is that S/4HANA is not an upgrade, we 
are going to completely do a process mining of their existing processes, 
use AI to redesign the new process, and then execute the implementation 
with AI. 
It’s a very nuanced AI implementation of S/4HANA, which is now the latest 
trend. In addition, we are also partnering with the customer on industry 
value chain transformation. Net-net across IT, business transformation 
with AI is what we have partnered with the customer for. 
 
All the work that we do will span across SKF operations globally, and we 
are very excited about this very unique opportunity. 
Sandeep Shah: 
My question is, are such prospects coming into pipeline across many 
sectors, or these kinds of deals sporadic? And second, with AI-led 
transformation, is it fair to assume the conversion of such kind of a mega 
deal to revenue could be faster because the tenure of the deal could be 
lower and ACV could be higher? 

 
Page 19 of 24 
 
Aarthi Subramanian:  If you look at it over the last quarter, we have announced three mega 
deals, this quarter we have one mega deal and in the last 5 quarters, we 
have announced six mega deals. 
These mega deals cut across industries. But in terms of the scope, I think 
they have something in common. It has a component of optimizing the run 
with AI and then partnering with the customer on the business 
transformation. 
I think where the acceleration comes is in the transformation, the 
discretionary projects that are part of the bundle. That's where the AI 
acceleration comes in execution and one thing we are seeing is that 
compared to earlier how we would do such deals, how we bring AI much 
earlier into the execution, whether it's in Ops or in transformation, AI is 
part of the day one proposition and execution, that brings a certain 
acceleration to the transformation and also to the execution duration. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Many clients are spending higher than what they budgeted on AI tokens, 
is there a discussion happening where client will have hybrid model of 
LLMs, where, are they open to even use open-source model from a partner 
like DeepSeek based out of China? And if that happens, do you believe the 
system integrator's role will further increase because of the complex 
architecture of the same? 
K Krithivasan: 
This we've been saying for quite some time, Sandeep. We believe, most 
enterprises will have multiple models, one LLM plus many SLMs or 
multiple LLMs within the same family, they probably will use an older 
model for certain queries and a newer model for certain workloads, 
because the model FinOps will become an important topic for what they 
would use on-prem model, for what they would use a cloud token-based 
model will also change. 
 
This is an area where system integrators have a greater role to play and 
ensure that the client's money is well spent and the value is delivered to 
them. We see this increasing as we go along. 

 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Aarthi Subramanian: Yes, Sandeep, if I may just add, I think in the AI world today, I think making 
technology decisions across the Infrastructure to Intelligence stack is 
becoming much more challenging, because the technology is frequently 
changing so fast and also there are layers to be made and decisions to be 
made across the stack on top of an existing technology investment that 
the company already has. 
 
I think the big role that we are playing is helping customers make this 
technology choices. Secondly, how do you integrate these technologies 
into an existing diverse complex landscape. I think that is where we play a 
very big role. 
 
Our being in the client environment for decades, for years, knowing the 
context, and then making investment in these partnerships to know these 
products and technologies, the role we play is taking the product 
capability and creating enterprise value out of it and the need for this is 
bigger now than ever before. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan 
Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
My ﬁrst question is given the comment that you made around net-new AI 
deals, signiﬁcant ones in the current quarter, is there a change of mix in 
your current order book between renewals and the net-new deals? 
K Krithivasan: 
No, it's a very marginal shift towards the more AI transformative deals, but 
I won't say it's a signiﬁcant shift. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. My second question is around your AI revenues. Given that it now 
includes multiple baskets of sub-segments, whether it's physical AI, 
agentic AI, could you give any example where the billing engagement or 
the engagement model with the client is substantially diƯerent from 
historical time and material or ﬁxed price, move to some outcome-based 

 
Page 21 of 24 
 
in any particular bucket? Which bucket would that be? Any such example 
will be very helpful. 
Aarthi Subramanian: I think the client engagement models are across multiple archetypes. I 
would say output commitment-based models, outcome-based models, 
where we are committing through the AI program to deliver a business 
outcome, in a ﬁxed duration. So that's starting to happen. Second one I 
would say is deﬁnitely ﬁxed price, ﬁxed capacity, where you start with a 
program, then once the customer sees value, then we actually set up 
multiple pods like I spoke earlier. We call it our AI lab oƯering, where that 
is part of the build and scale. So, you build one, then create capacity in a 
ﬁxed price model. 
 
In some cases, you do continue to see T&M requirements coming in, but 
T&M still means that you take accountability for delivering the outcomes. 
But all three models we are seeing, and especially in agentic GBS, we are 
seeing a lot more shift, especially this quarter, to more outcome-based 
commitment. 
 
It has always been transaction-based, and very less T&M. Transaction and 
outcome-based commitments are increasing in autonomous GBS deals, 
and we saw quite a few of them this quarter in F&A, HR, and customer 
experience. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
This is so useful. Thank you. Last question is for Samir. You categorically 
talked about prioritizing investments in the current context of how 
technology is shifting, but you also did mention about maintaining our 
aspirational band on margins on a medium term. 
 
How medium is the medium term from your perspective, given where we 
are in the lifecycle of the technology change right now? Thank you. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Our approach has been to balance growth investments with operating 
discipline, and that's what we have been doing consistently. We talked 
about it at length during our analyst day also. We have been reinvesting 

 
Page 22 of 24 
 
some part of the gains into things which will help us achieve our aspiration 
or long-term commitments. 
 
At times, we have seen a lot of apprehension from investors given our 
industry-leading proﬁtability, but our aspiration would be make the right 
investments and to progressively inch up closer, at least to the FY26 
levels. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Ashwin Mehta from 
Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. The ﬁrst question is in terms of segmental 
margins. Just wanted to get a sense in terms of why there has been closer 
to 250 bps to 300 bps decline in margins across manufacturing, 
communications, life sciences, and even in others segment. 
Samir Seksaria: 
Overall, we have seen a 170 bps impact due to salary increments and then 
incrementally there would be some impact coming in at a segment level 
on speciﬁc vertical basis investments they might be prioritizing, but the 
key impact in all segmental margins is the wage impact which reﬂects 
across most of the segments which you mentioned. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
And just a clariﬁcation to your answer, on the last question. Do we see the 
trajectory of margins to go back to our FY'26 margins over the next few 
quarters? Or from a full year perspective, we see it to be very close to the 
previous year’s margins? 
Samir Seksaria: 
Ashwin, usually, we take a big headwind upfront in Q1, and we inch up 
through the quarter. We want to exit at 25% plus and strive to achieve it 
sooner rather than later. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Sure and the last question is in terms of fresher addition; how many 
freshers would we have added this quarter and what is the plan for the 
year? 

 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Sudeep Kunnumal: 
Last quarter, we onboarded 14,000 campus graduates across and as we 
speak, we are visiting the top universities across the country and hiring for 
top talent, speciﬁcally looking for AI-native skills. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Sure. Thanks, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Shindadkar from InCred 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. At the start of the call, there was a 
mention about productivity, which is 10% to 15%. Can you just help us 
understand, is this on an ACV basis or a TCV basis? And how should we 
reconcile this with some of the data points that have been talked in other 
forums that the total $1 trillion spend is going to compress by almost $300 
billion over the next few years? Can you just reconcile that? 
K Krithivasan: 
What I said is, there is an overall productivity we are able to achieve, about 
10% to 15%, when we leverage AI for client engagements. You should look 
at that productivity gain coming through the tenure of the project.  And we 
also mentioned that this usually is compensated by additional 
opportunities that we generate from the customers. 
 
The other question on overall contraction, it will be too diƯicult for me to 
answer in terms of $1 trillion. At this time, we don't see such a massive 
contraction or deﬂation happening in the world. In fact, you did see that 
our overall headcount has increased this quarter. So, we are not seeing 
that kind of contraction happening in our book of work with us. 
Abhishek Shindadkar: Just to follow up. Typically, the understanding was the productivity could 
be 3% to 5% annually. So, if it's a 5-year deal, is it fair to assume that this 
number is spread over a 5-year period every year or how does that play 
out? 
K Krithivasan: 
It depends on the kind of project. Because in every project, there are some 
places in the life cycle where the productivity gain will be better and some 

 
Page 24 of 24 
 
where it will not be very easy to achieve. So that depends on the type of 
project. 
 
For instance, a new software development, application development 
would behave in a particular way. Monitoring would behave in a diƯerent 
way. Production support will behave in a diƯerent way. It will be diƯicult to 
say, what happens in the ﬁrst year or second year. 
 
By and large, as I said, it's a rule of thumb, saying we can expect a 10% to 
15% productivity on average. But we are able to oƯer a front loaded 
commitment to our customers which we are able to balance it out, to 
smoothen it out over the term of our project. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to 
you. 
K Krithivasan: 
Thank you, operator.  
 
In Q1, our Revenue grew by 0.4% QoQ in constant currency, with an 
operating margin of 24% and a net margin of 19.2%. 
 
Annualized AI services revenue crossed US$2.6 billion. 
 
We had a very strong TCV of US$9.5 billion in Q1. We remain 
conﬁdent that TCS is well positioned to convert demand into 
stronger growth as client spending normalizes and AI adoption 
scales across the enterprise. 
This concludes our call today. Thank you all for joining us.   
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TCS, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim 
record of the proceedings. 
