 
 
 
 
 
GPIL/2026-27 
May 22, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 542857 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex , Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: GREENPANEL 
 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcripts of conference call held on May 18, 2026 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of the SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons and 
Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015, please ﬁnd enclosed the transcript of the 
conference call of the investors and analysts held on Monday, May 18, 2026, at 3:30 P.M. on the 
audited ﬁnancial results of Greenpanel Industries Limited for the quarter and year ended March 
31, 2026. 
Please take the above on records.  
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Greenpanel Industries Limited 
 
 
Company Secretary & VP - Legal 
ACS : 18675 
Encl. As above 
 
 
 
 
Lawkush 
Prasad
Digitally signed by 
Lawkush Prasad 
Date: 2026.05.22 10:32:20 
+05'30'

Page | 1  
 
Greenpanel Industries Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 18, 2026 
Gavin Desa: 
Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Greenpanel Industries 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today Mr. 
Shobhan Mittal, the Managing Director, and Mr. Himanshu Jindal, the 
CFO. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to share that some statements made in 
today's discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve 
risks and uncertainties. A detailed statement in this regard is available in 
the result presentation which was shared with you earlier. I would now 
like to invite Mr. Shobhan Mittal to begin the call. Over to you, Shobhan. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our Q4 and annual 
FY '26 earnings call. The year '25-'26 has been a transformational year for 
Greenpanel. As you are aware, we added a new MDF manufacturing line 
at Andhra Pradesh - end of FY '25 and with a long-term strategy in mind, 
introduced changes to re-engage and re-energize our people, our 
customers, and our vendors while simultaneously renovating our ways 
of working. 
 
On the people front, we brought in Prakash last year in March to lead 
domestic sales and got Himanshu on board later in Q1 to lead ﬁnance. 
The strategy clearly shifted to customer excellence and volume scale-
up, supplemented by a drive to move to a leaner cost base in 
manufacturing. 
 
This was the key reason for us growing more than the weighted average 
volume growth of the industry, despite us having a larger base, leading to 
a turnaround of both operational and ﬁnancial parameters over the last 
nine months of FY '26. 
 
During the course of the year, a number of initiatives were undertaken to 
support sales. Top channel partners were facilitated in Bali in Q1FY26, 
followed by the announcement of a new foreign travel scheme in the 
second half FY '26. 
 
Trade  engagements were ampliﬁed, cumulatively more than 21,000 
participants such as carpenters, contractors, and sub-dealers were 
connected with Greenpanel under this drive. Revamped loyalty program 
app was launched in June 2025, the MITR 2.0 app provides a seamless 

 
experience for our partners and the associated carpenter fraternity, and 
the active user account has increased since then to more than 18,000. 
 
New high-value products like HDWR doors, thin MDF, and ﬁre-retardant 
MDF were launched in the ﬁrst half of the year, followed by the launch of 
the country strongest, toughest, and heaviest boiling waterproof MDF, 
Boil Black, in the second half. These new product launches reﬂect our 
commitment to the changing customer needs, and also support our 
ambition for more value and margin accretive businesses in the future. 
 
Coming to sales numbers, we achieved MDF domestic volumes growth 
of 29.5% year-on-year in quarter 4, while the full year growth was 16.9%. 
Counting in exports, which were signiﬁcantly impacted in March after the 
onset of the war in the Middle East, the total MDF volumes for quarter 4 
grew by 27.8% year-on-year in the quarter and by 12.9% year-on-year for 
the full year FY '26. 
 
One thing I wish to highlight is that despite the impact on exports in 
quarter 4, our full year volume numbers are still broadly in line with the 
revised guidance that we had shared middle of last year. MDF 
realizations were lower by 3.6% over the last year in FY '26. Some portion 
of this was also attributable to the increase in OEM sales, apart from the 
change in product mix post addition of the new plant at AP. 
 
The high-value MDF product mix for the year being 43% in volume terms 
and 55% in value terms. On the plywood side, we had a strong growth of 
18% in volumes in quarter 4 as a result of which on a full year basis, we 
closed the year almost ﬂat over last year. On a combined basis, revenues 
for the quarter grew to INR391 crore, a growth of 15.5% over the last year, 
while the full year sales were at INR1502 crore, a growth of 7.8% over the 
last year. 
 
Consolidated operating EBITDA, excluding the impact of currency 
movement on the Euro borrowing for the new plant and the one-oƯs 
impacting the results, was INR35.4 crore or 9.1% of revenues in Q4FY26, 
while the full year number was INR132.7 crore or 8.8% of revenues, again 
in line with the revised guidance shared in November 2025. 
 
Coming to what is happening currently in the sector and the outlook for 
FY '27. The ongoing geopolitical situation in the Middle East is the biggest 
variable at play right now. Supply chains have been impacted adversely 
leading to signiﬁcant escalation on cost front, especially in case of 
chemicals which is 40% to 45% of our raw material cost. 
 
Timber costs, however, continue to remain stable t through over the last 
3 to 4 months. Like others, we too have announced price increase of 15% 
to reduce the impact on our margins. On the supply side, the overall MDF 

 
capacity in the country is 4 to 4.5 million cubic meter per annum, 
depending on the actual product mix oƯered by the suppliers. 
 
There are a few capacity additions announced already, some portion of 
which is expected to become operational by the mid-end of the current 
year FY '27. Domestic demand, MDF demand is expected to continue at 
a healthy pace of early double digit to mid-teens. On our side, we 
operated at 60% capacity utilization in quarter four FY '26 and thus have 
a signiﬁcant headroom available for organic growth next year without any 
additional material investments. 
 
However, given the uncertainty around the war in the Middle East, I will 
be optimistically cautious at this point of time. So instead of giving a 
ﬁgurative guidance for FY '27 for the moment, what I can share is that we 
will continue to pursue volume growth as the primary goal this year with 
a clear intent of retaining increasing our relative market share while trying 
to maintain or improve our margins over the last year. 
 
With this request, I request our CFO Himanshu Jindal for the ﬁnancial 
and other updates. Thank you. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Thank you, Shobhan ji. Good evening, all. Since a lot has been covered 
by Shobhan ji and we have already circulated the result presentation to 
the exchanges, I will keep my opening remarks brief this time. So while 
the operational EBITDA was 4% in quarter one, with the change in our 
approach over the last three quarters of the last ﬁscal, both in terms of 
the volume build-up, incidentally we grew our MDF volumes by roughly,  
the domestic volumes by roughly 26% and the total volumes by 23% in 
the last nine months of the last ﬁscal. 
 
And with our clear focus on the manufacturing costs and eƯiciencies, we 
were still able to manage a full year operational EBITDA of INR132.7 
crore, which is 8.8% of our revenues. Exceptions, however, clearly 
weighed on our reported EBITDA and net proﬁts. The adverse exchange 
rate movement on our outstanding Euro-denominated borrowings had 
an impact of INR6 crore on the bottom line during quarter four, with a 
cumulative impact of INR49 crore for the full year. 
 
Apart from this, there was an impact to proﬁtability as well on account of 
A, the initial ineƯiciencies during the stabilization phase of the new line 
at Andhra, which was largely in quarter one, basically power and fuel 
consumption being higher than what it should have been. And the higher 
interest and depreciation expense post capitalization of the new line. 
Counting these in, our reported EBITDA for the full year was INR94.2 
crore or 6.3% of our revenues. 

 
 
The PBT was negative INR43.8 crore and the PAT was negative INR29.1 
crore. On the balance sheet side, we have continued to stay strong at 
core. Our DSOs at 21 days is the best in the wood panel industry and 
reﬂects our very strong brand positioning. Our core cash conversion 
cycle is at 38 days for the full year, again something which shows our 
commitment to ﬁnancial prudence while simultaneously maintaining a 
double-digit volume growth of our business at the same time. 
 
The leverage remains comfortable as well. Our debt has further reduced 
this year, although because of the unfavourable FX change, the reported 
net 
debt 
was 
INR156 
crore 
at 
the 
end 
of 
March.  
 
I think we can now request the moderator to open the Q&A, please. 
Question and Answer Session 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The ﬁrst question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My ﬁrst question is what is the FY '27 
guidance for MDF volume growth and margin? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, I will in fact repeat what Shoban ji said as part of opening remarks. 
What we are expecting, Keshav, is that this industry will continue to grow 
at a healthy pace, which is early double digits to let us say something like 
mid-teens. What we are saying is because there are multiple variables 
playing out at the same time now, it is a little diƯicult for us to articulate 
in terms of what the growth numbers could be. But we are going to be 
with the market or better than the market. 
 
So, which means we will continue to pursue our volume strategy, growing 
more than the market hopefully, retaining our market shares or bettering 
them up. On margins, you know where we were, in quarter one and from 
there we have grown and we have come down, come to something like 
high single digit for the full year. 
 
The intent would be to maintain or even take this up. Obviously, we need 
to see more and more proﬁtable growth, value-accretive growth coming 
into play. But, times are a little uncertain, you know, for us to give you a 
formal ﬁgure is becoming a little diƯicult right now. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Tell me one thing, the 15% price hike which you have taken 
in MDF, has it absorbed the entire cost inﬂation or more price hike you 
need to take? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Keshav, that has just about absorbed our current cost inﬂation. However, 
of course, we are waiting and watching if there are any further signiﬁcant 
cost increases that come into play. However, because of the muted sort 

 
of demand scenario at this point of time and the competitive pressures, 
we are already seeing slight discounting already happening in the market 
from that 15%. So, I would not say that the complete eƯect of the 15% is 
already in place. But yes, the 15%, if implemented properly, will cover all 
the cost increases that have taken place so far. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Understood. Also, we are in mid-May and you have taken such a sharp 
increase, so how has the demand responded to this? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Before price increase in March, there was of course a lot of stocking that 
had happened towards the end of the ﬁnancial year. And April was 
expected to be a muted month. And now I would say that ﬁnally people 
are coming to terms with the cost increases. We also see that building 
materials in general across sectors, there have been substantial price 
increases. 
 
So, only the critical or the priority projects are actually executing, people 
who are not in a rush to complete projects or to undertake new projects 
are sort of holding back on this. That is where the situation remains. So I 
would not say that the price increase has fully been accepted and the 
demand is completely back to normal. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. One last question from my side. If I see your volume, even just the 
domestic sales growth, sequentially it is just a ﬂattish to marginal 
degrowth in Q4. When the stocking had happened in March, ideally this 
should have been a big quarter in terms of volume on the domestic side. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, sequentially domestic was ﬂat, Yes. This is correct. But there was 
obviously stocking happening in the month of March just before the price 
increases were implemented. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Yes, that is what I am trying to understand why the volume is still ﬂat. 
Ideally Q4 is a strong quarter with stocking happening, so what was 
missing? Y-on-y numbers is looking healthy, but how should we interpret 
the Q-on-Q number? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
There was a loss on the export side of our volumes for sure. The whole of 
March we were not able to sell any exports. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
No, I got it. My question was just on the domestic side. I was just talking 
on the domestic side the number is ﬂat, so I am not talking about export 
or total volume? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
You see, if you look at it even from a last year perspective, Keshav, my 
volumes on the domestic front comparing Q4 to Q3 were relatively soft. 
This year, the whole intent was to build up volumes continually at least 
with the RMS gains that I have seen throughout the last six months, prior 
to Q4 kicking in. 

 
 
I think, you know, overall if you look at the nine-month holistic picture,  
quarter to quarter there could be aberrations. I think nine months is what 
is what has been a sweet play for us even from a domestic point of view, 
right? So that is kind of grown by 26% which is I think a pretty healthy 
growth rate considering where we were earlier. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
And Keshav, to be honest with you, in the interest of our own proﬁtability 
with costs had gone up prior before the price increases could take place, 
right? So, we also wanted to encash on the fact that hold back the 
expensive material and try to try to sell it at a higher price in the coming 
quarter. It was not a free-for-all volume, we had calculated what volumes 
we wanted to supply at the old prices in the market. 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Got it. Quite clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from 
Prabhudas Lilladher. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My ﬁrst question is related to the 
industry. Can you give an indication like of last year FY26 how the 
industry in terms of the volume grew? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
See, we foresee that the industry in general grew in the mid-teens to high-
teens kind of levels. However this number is fairly varied if you look at 
across the listed companies, although the information is only out for a 
couple of them so far. But, obviously companies with a smaller starting 
base were able to grow at a higher pace. 
 
We can also see that there was reduction in realizations of certain 
companies because of discounting structures in order to capture market 
share. So, it sort of is correlated. But the industry in general I would say 
would have grown at the mid-teens to high-teens level. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right, sir. And also, you highlighted about the few new capacities are 
coming in mid of the '27. So, can you quantify how big those capacities 
are? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, there are two capacities that we are aware of which are going to come 
in in the second half. One is in Madhya Pradesh, the other is in AP. I think 
the total size that we are looking at is 400,000 for the full year. Obviously, 
this does not come up at one go, it will be a calibrated and, approach in 
terms of, volume ramp-up etc. So you can expect some volumes to 
trickle in in this year and obviously next year the capacities are fully 
available. 
Praveen Sahay: 
All right. Now coming to the price hike of a 15% you had indicated. So, 
this 15% is enough to compensate the chemical price increase which 
has impacted your number in Q4FY26? 

 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, that is what the earlier gentleman had also asked. So based on 
today's costing levels of the chemicals, this 15% is suƯicient to absorb  
those cost increases .However, you know, the situation remains ﬂuid, 
chemical costs are very volatile at this point of time, they move on a daily 
basis. So, we are also waiting and watching very carefully and, if they 
move up substantially, then there could be another price increase that 
needs to be taken and which we’ll decide accordingly. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And as a whole industry is taking such kind of a price hike? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, I would say this price increase in two phases which we took, 5% plus 
10%, has been across the industry. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right, sir. And also, you indicated about the timber price which were ﬂat 
last quarter. So, any indication for FY27 how you are seeing the timber 
price movement? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
We expect it to remain fairly stable. Now many players have moved on to 
multiple species, so the pressure on Eucalyptus which was predominant 
raw material initially has reduced signiﬁcantly. And with multiple species 
being available, overall raw material timber costs have been quite stable 
and we do not expect it to move much in the current year. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right. And if you can give EPCG beneﬁt for a quarter and a year. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Sure. This is already there as a footnote if you see on slide eight. But I will 
repeat it. Quarter one was ﬁve, the next quarter was six, quarter three 
was eight and this quarter we have taken INR6 crore as EPCG. So overall 
INR25 odd crore have been accounted for as EPCG in the year against 35 
which were accounted one shot in quarter four last year. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Right, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sneha from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 
Sneha: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. Couple of questions from my end. Firstly, 
if I look at the domestic realizations now, they have been largely ﬂattish. 
This is despite taking a signiﬁcant price increase in the month of March. 
While I understand the focus has been in the volume, so could we get 
some ﬂavor on the realization where are we headed? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
No. Sneha, the no price increase impact was actually eƯective in March. 
All sales that happened in the month of March was still at old prices till 
the 31st of March and with a little bit of trickle-on eƯect, old prices were 
still the eƯective prices. There was no price increase that had happened 
till 31st of March. 
Sneha: 
Understood. So, we will see the entire impact starting Q1? 

 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Sure. So that would also be sort of, the entire 15% will not be eƯective for 
the whole quarter because it got implemented in phases and there was 
a sort of a trickle eƯect of old prices dispatches which were pending still 
happening. And as I mentioned earlier as well that there is already some 
instances of discounting going on by certain players and there is a 
possibility we might have to react as well. So, it is not safe to say that the 
entire 15% will be visible in this quarter. 
Sneha: 
Understood. Secondly, on the margins front, did I hear it correctly where 
you said that, you have done high single digit margin and you would like 
to maintain it or marginally improve it?  
Shobhan Mittal: 
We want to be very cautious in giving a margin guidance at this point of 
time to be honest with you because there is so many variables at play at 
this point of time with the chemical costs ﬂuctuating, export businesses 
completely out of the picture for us at point of time because the freight's 
not letting us fulﬁll any kind of export orders. 
 
At the same time, pricing is also very uncertain at this point as I 
mentioned, there is undercutting going on. So, we are a bit cautious as to 
give you a long-term guidance on the margins at this point of time. We 
would like to refrain from that for this at this point of time at least, you 
know. We want to sit out the ﬁrst quarter, wait and watch till we give you 
a deﬁnitive guidance on where we will stand. 
Sneha: 
Got that, sir. And lastly on the EPCG beneﬁt, sir, I think in one of the calls 
you had mentioned that we will be having total beneﬁts of INR86 odd 
crore of which I understand INR60 odd crore is already taken. So, the 
remaining INR26 odd crore, is it due in FY27 or can that be carried 
forward in the coming quarters as well, in coming years? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Well, again this beneﬁt is directly linked to the volume of exports that we 
do. So, if things geopolitically settle down, we are quite certain that we 
will be able to get this beneﬁt within the current ﬁnancial year. However, 
if exports do not open up for a long term, then it might trickle on to the 
next ﬁnancial year as well, a little portion of this. 
Sneha: 
Got that, sir. All the best to you. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from 
Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir, my ﬁrst question is regarding the industry side. So just wanted to 
understand what would be the MDF industry demand in FY26 and if you 
can also split it between the thick MDF demand and the thin MDF 
demand in FY26? 

 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Utkarsh, as a number I think what is safe to say is that based on last year 
numbers, you can assume a sort of a 15% growth on the market size, 
which is what it has been historically growing at. Thin MDF traditionally 
remains about 20% to 25% of the of the entire market of the whole 100%. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. So, like in the last Q4 earning call, it was indicated to us that the 
India's demand was close to around 2.6 million to 2.7 million cubic 
meter. So over there if we assume 15% growth, so is it safe to assume 
that the industry demand would be close around 3 million cubic meter in 
FY26? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, I think so. With that growth number, Yes, I think that is what it would 
come to. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And of this, the thin MDF demand would be close to around 6 lakh 
cubic meter. Is it correct, sir, if 20%... 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes, not 6 lakhs, but I would say about maybe 25% that’s 750 to 800. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is like our understanding earlier it was 
that the thin MDF was majorly imported. Okay. Now the imports have 
virtually become nil, then why we are not able to fully utilize our thin MDF 
plant in FY26? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Well, we set up a plant which was capable to produce thin MDF in a very 
optimal way. But it is not just a thin MDF plant. Now, what we are doing is 
our capacities are sort of fungible across the three lines. 
 
Depending on what product we produce, which market we service, 
which grade we are producing, we choose to produce diƯerent products 
in diƯerent lines also keeping eƯiciencies in mind, keeping freight costs 
in mind, and keeping in mind which line is the most optimal to produce 
which product. 
 
So, I think what is safe to assume in our case is total capacity utilization 
across the three lines. We do not have a allocated line for thin MDF for 
that matter. There are instances, for example, that I am still producing a 
certain quantity of thin MDF in the North of India, right, because the 
North India can also produce thin MDF. So, I think it is not fair to say that 
that thin MDF line is only for thin MDF and why are we not using capacity 
because we are calculating the whole capacity utilization in a diƯerent 
way. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. So, like just wanted to understand, apart from us, whether any 
other player is also producing thin MDF in India? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Everyone is producing thin MDF in India. 

 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
So, like what we are hearing right the industry leader has started 
providing 4.5% to 5% discount to their dealers for MDF from last week. 
And you have mentioned that we might be taking a similar action maybe 
if the industry leader continue with such a discounting structure. Then is 
it correct to understand that our margin might come under pressure in 
the near future? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
These discounts are not across the board to start with. Some of them are 
target based, some of them are geography based. So it is not a blanket 
sort of discount across the whole country on all products. Certain times 
they are on more value-added products as opposed to. So everyone 
modiﬁes their schemes, and the outﬂow is not necessarily 100% of what 
is oƯered. 
 
So, I would say that, what is currently being oƯered or what you are 
hearing, I do not think it will signiﬁcantly aƯect the long-term margins. 
These are modiﬁed on a month-to-month basis as well. And there is 
always a beneﬁt factored in by oƯering these discounts which then sort 
of negate the impact on the margins. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And lastly, like what would be our capex guidance for FY27 and '28 
and do we have any growth capex pipeline for the next say 12 to 24 month 
period? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I will let Himanshu give you the capex numbers exactly. But at this point 
of time, I think as a company our focus remains on our volume utilization  
as Himanshu said, we are at about a 55% to 60% annual capacity 
utilization. The focus remains on increasing this and optimizing our sort 
of a product mix. 
 
And I would say that in this year, there would deﬁnitely be no plans of 
signiﬁcant capex announcement. What we may do is that next year we 
will start evaluating this. We also want to focus on strengthening our 
balance sheet and bringing our debt down. So that would be the focus in 
the current year. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
The capex, in terms of what we are planning to do is just sustenance or, 
the basic capex that is required. So I think it would be something 
between INR20 crore-INR30 crore, not more at this point in time.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vicky Waghwani from Guardian 
Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 
Vicky Waghwani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My ﬁrst question is, please explain your 
capital... 

 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Sorry, you are not audible sir, sorry. 
Vicky Waghwani: 
Hello, am I audible now? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Waghwani, we are really sorry, we are unable to hear you clearly, sir. 
Vicky Waghwani: 
Hello, am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Your voice is breaking in between. 
Vicky Waghwani: 
I will rejoin the queue. 
Moderator: 
Surely, thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Varun 
Julasaria from 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Julasaria: 
What would be our mix between B2B and normal retail channel like... 
Shobhan Mittal: 
So see, majority of our volumes are going through the retail channel, 
Varun. The only B2B sales that are happening are to large format OEMs. 
And, that would be to the tune of maybe 7,000 to 8,000 cubic meters 
every month, not more than that. So I would say about 15% to 20%. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. And on the brand aspect, I just wanted to understand given that 
now Greenply is also expanding signiﬁcantly, and obviously for a 
customer it might be a bit more confusing like there are two Green 
brands. How do we diƯerentiate like that our brand is slightly diƯerent 
than the Greenply one 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I think in the MDF business, it is quite established as to what Greenpanel 
is and what Greenply is. Unfortunately, this is still a very inﬂuencer-
driven market for the time being. It is not an end-consumer decision-
making market. So, in those segments, we already have quite distinctive 
places and names within the industry. We do not foresee a major 
challenge there for the time being. 
Varun Julasaria: 
And on the plywood side, what is the strategy? I mean, we saw some 
really good improvement this quarter. So any outlook there? What is the 
outlook on the growth and margin? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
As I mentioned last year as well, given the current situation, we deﬁnitely 
want to be very focused on the plywood business. We consider ourselves 
to be a very small player and not a very, I would say, a signiﬁcant player 
given the size of our peers. But for us to maintain interest in this business, 
there is no two ways about it. We have to increase volumes.  
 
We already have certain plans in the pipeline subject to our existing 
volumes being fully utilized. This could be an addition of capacity at our 
existing location with a very minimal investment and going forward an 

 
additional investment in another location. However, I think it is too 
premature to decide that. At the moment, a lot of the growth for plywood 
companies are also coming inorganically in by way of trading, you know. 
Our trading volumes are limited to the extent where we want to support 
our dealers to sell our main product and we give them the trading 
material only to that extent. However, that market also remains a very 
large market. Lot of the bigger players, their growth is coming primarily 
from that business, which is the outsourcing business. So, we have 
multiple avenues to explore this. Of course, our prerequisite as a 
company and internally remains that our existing capacities have to be 
fully utilized before we think about expanding in any which way. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. And just last question, if you could just give us like on the value-
added mix in the MDF segment, on how much is the Pre-lam and the 
other value-added products, like what is the proportion? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So value-added is approximately 43% by volume in the last ﬁscal, 55% 
by value. And when I say high value, it is basically Pre-lam, Varun. It is 
basically all the higher density products which is exterior high density 
product HDWRs etcetera, ﬂooring, all of that is high value for us. 
Varun Julasaria: 
And sir, what is the typical margin like diƯerence between when we say 
Pre-lam or, value-added versus the normal plain MDF? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So plain MDF versus Pre-lam could be as high as 50% also. So, it 
depends on the nature of the product. High density products could be as 
high as 30% also, right? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
No. Sorry, are you referring to margins or you are referring to price 
diƯerence? 
Varun Julasaria: 
No, I am saying margin. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
It is hard to give you exact number on each product's margins, because 
they vary geographically as well, they vary plant to plant as well. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, I was talking more about a price diƯerential, not margin diƯerences. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Yes, on the plywood side, is it safe to assume that now our margins will 
be, above 5%, 6% at least on an annualized basis, EBITDA margin for 
plywood segment? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
We did something like 4%. Yes, if we are able to do more volumes, 
automatically, the operational eƯiciencies kick in, So the advantage on 
operating leverage, operating eƯiciencies, all of that get kick in. Yes, so 
we should. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That is all 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anu Parakh from Anand 
Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Anu Parakh: 
The ﬁrst question is how much price hike did we take in plywood in Q4 
FY26 and/or till date? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
We have taken a 6% price increase on plywood starting this quarter. 
Anu Parakh: 
Okay. And how much the chemical prices have gone up at present 
compared to the Q4 FY '26 levels? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Are you referring to like all the like chemical, again they vary chemical to 
chemical, but I think overall I would say chemical cost must have gone 
up at least 40% to 45%. 
Anu Parakh: 
Okay. And sir, what was the reason that our capex cost per unit for thin 
MDF unit is higher compared to the new capex announcement made by 
Greenply or Century Ply? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
I think the primary diƯerence would be 100% European line compared to 
Chinese lines. Ours was a 100% European investment. 
Anu Parakh: 
Okay. Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shruti Mulchandani from 
Ikigai Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Shruti Mulchandani: 
Sir, as we look at the balance sheet that you have posted, with the results 
and I can see a stark increase in the debtor days. So, something which 
was 11 days in FY '25 has gone up to 21 days now. So, is this because,  
your growth in the project business and the export business has been 
higher or this is because of the strategy that you have been following 
where you want to gain market share so you have been giving higher 
period, credit period to your dealers? 
Himanshu Jindal: 
So, you are right Shruti, our DSOs have grown up, you know, they have 
moved up from 11, but if you see otherwise, look at the patterns across 
all the quarters that have been reported in the past also. We have been 
operating at a 18, 20, 21 days kind of a cycle. And yes, some part of that 
is also on account of higher OEM sales or higher exports coming into play 
for the very clear reasons that we are putting in, more eƯorts to put up 
more and more volumes. Please do remember, even at 21 days, we are 
still far better than the entire industry which operates at a much higher 
number. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Also, I think one thing to factor in would be the fact that the last week of 
March, the sales were abnormally high, which would reﬂect in that 
number, right, Himanshu? 

 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, Yes, but every quarter that happens. Every month, every quarter, that 
is a similar pattern. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
But March was abnormal. 
Himanshu Jindal: 
Yes, because of the price increases coming into play. Yes, you are right.  
Shruti Mulchandani: 
Understood. And secondly in your presentation you have mentioned that 
raw material like in FY '27 we will focus on raw material mix 
rationalization. So, what do you mean by rationalization in raw material 
mix and how can that help in the margins going ahead? 
Himanshu JIndal: 
That's largely an ongoing thing that we do.  
Shobhan Mittal  
But you see, we were the very ﬁrst company in the industry to move away 
from Eucalyptus to other timber species which were cheaply available. 
We continue to pursue the objective because at this point of time, 
unfortunately, because of the competitive scenario, sales prices are 
deﬁned by the competition in general, it is not directly in our control. 
 
So, in order to improve margins, the only thing that we can play with is, 
rationalization of raw materials as well as on the ﬁxed cost side. So, both 
on the resin side, we are continuing to ﬁnd solutions to improve resin 
cost, improve consumptions. And again, on the on the timber front, we 
are trying to do the same. Now North India, for example, other species 
pricing is coming very close to that of Eucalyptus. Eucalyptus does tend 
to give us better eƯiciencies in the plant. It is an ongoing process. I think 
it was just a just a just a statement to make for us to highlight that. 
Shruti Mulchandani: 
Understood. So, any margin beneﬁts you can quantify from moving away 
from Eucalyptus into other species? 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Well, I think that is reﬂected, for example, in the South of India, 
Eucalyptus continues to be about 20% to 25% more expensive than other 
species. But again, availability and how far you have to transport the 
other species also come into play. So, we have to ﬁnd the right mix as to 
what is available and at what average cost. But in the North of India, for 
example, because it is so close, we will have a much higher percentage 
of Eucalyptus consumption. So that would vary plant to plant and 
location to location. 
Shruti Mulchandani: 
Understood, sir. This was helpful. Thank you for the guidance. 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 

 
Shobhan Mittal: 
Thank you everyone for joining this call. We look forward to speaking to 
you again next quarter. If anyone has any further questions, please do 
feel free to reach out to us and have a good evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Greenpanel Industries Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much 
of the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity 
 
