 
Control Print Limited, C-106, Hind Saurashtra Industrial Estate, Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol Naka, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059, India 
t. +91 22 28599065 / 66938900 | f. +91 2228528272 | e. ho@controlprint.com I w.www.controlprint.com  
CIN. L22219MH1991PLC059800 
MUMBAI (Regd.Office). AHMEDABAD. BENGALURU. CHANDIGARH. CHENNAI. COLOMBO. DELHI. GUWAHATI 
HYDERABAD. JAMSHEDPUR. KOLKATA. NALAGARH. PUNE. 
 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
To, 
The Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers,Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code – 522295 
The Listing Compliance Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - CONTROLPR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, read with para A of part A of Schedule III thereof, please find attached 
Transcript of the Conference Call with the Investors / Shareholders of Control Print Limited 
(the Company) fixed through Kaptify Consulting held on Thursday, May 21, 2026 02:00 
P.M. on Q4FY2026 of the Company. 
 
Further, the said Transcript will be made available on Company’s website at 
www.controlprint.com. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Control Print Limited 
 
 
 
__________________ 
Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Place: Mumbai  
Murli 
Manohar 
Thanvi
Digitally signed by Murli Manohar Thanvi 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5297, 
pseudonym=a5yqlw0g62t8xipj4bomz9erk17
vnhcd, 
2.5.4.20=677fa5f6bf2172f6b4ded0d8237267
4a0d22bfbf3d8c030a77124220e770efef, 
postalCode=342301, st=Rajasthan, 
serialNumber=d93e27ab1de4dee4c41c4b4d
9da5045dee4481ce2b6fd1866d4b97b3223fb
dba, cn=Murli Manohar Thanvi 
Date: 2026.05.27 18:56:36 +05'30'

 
 
 
Control Print Limited 
 
Q4 & FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Shiva Kabra - Joint Managing Director  
Jaideep Barve - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 32 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations Team, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY26 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Control Print Limited. Today on the call from the 
management we have with us Mr. Shiva Kabra, Joint Managing 
Director and Mr. Jaideep Barve, Chief Financial Officer.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended March 2026, the growth 
perspective and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Hi, good afternoon everybody. My name is Jaideep Barve and I am the 
Chief Financial Officer of Control Print Limited. Welcome all of you 
to the earnings conference call to the fourth quarter of the financial year 
2025-'26. We appreciate that you have taken out time from your busy 
schedule to attend this call. Thanks for being in this call.  
 
Mr. Shiva Kabra, the Joint Managing Director of Control Print Limited 
also joins me on this call. For the first time joiners on this call, more 
information about our company can be obtained by visiting our website. 
Just for information, the detailed presentation has already been put up 
on the website as well as in the investor presentation notification on the 
exchanges for this call.  
 
Let me provide you some highlights on the performance of CPL for the 
period ended 31 of March 2026. Revenues: On a consolidated basis, the 
total revenue is INR 484 crores in FY25-'26. The figure for the 
corresponding previous year was INR431 crores. Out of this, the 
operating revenue is INR482 crores in 25-'26, which was INR425 crores 
in 24-'25. 
 
On a standalone basis, the total revenue in the fourth quarter is 
approximately INR 138 crores, which is a good growth from INR 114 
crores of the Q4 of the previous year. For information, the total revenue 
for FY25-'26 at the previous three years is INR 460 crores, INR 395 
crores, INR 347 crores and INR 295 crores. Regarding operating 
revenue on a standalone basis, it is INR 446 crores for the complete year 
of 25-'26. This was INR 385 crores in last year.  

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 32 
 
 
Coding and marking continues to be the main and most significant 
profit centre of the standalone company. It has seen a steady growth in 
the business. Pipes, food, dairy, Cable and Wire, FMCG, Steel and 
metal and wood are our top performing business verticals. We continue 
to be the market leaders in cement, plywood, sugar and dairy.  
 
The business outlook remains good for the track and trace division. We 
have developed new solutions and acquisition of new customers is 
another plus points for us. We are getting good traction in the core 
packing activities in the packaging division. A pipeline is being 
generated for the laminates, food packing and new machines. 
Management of this division is now strictly controlled and operations 
are tightly measured.  
 
The mask lab has now been operating as a PPE and safety division. 
Along with masks, we are also engaged in the trading of hardhats, suits, 
helmets, gloves, blankets and shoes. 
 
Expenses: On a consolidated basis, the cost of goods sold is around 40% 
of the operating revenue, which was 42% in the last year. Employee 
costs remain high, which is 23% in FY25-'26, which was 21% in the 
previous year. Other expenses are around 16% for the current year and 
previous year. On a standalone basis, the cost of goods sold is around 
41% of the operating revenue. This was 42% of the operating revenue 
for 24-'25. Manufacturing costs continue to remain at 3% of the 
operating revenue. The employee costs are 19% in FY25-'26. This was 
18% in the last year. Depreciation and other expenses are in line with 
the previous periods and in line with the business activities of the 
company.  
 
That said, management remains committed to optimize all the costs and 
would look closely into the economy, efficiency and effectiveness of 
operations. This repeal can definitely lead to a reduction in operating 
costs. The way forward. We would like to consolidate the coding and 
marking business by increasing the install base and provide robust 
solutions. Just for your information, we have implemented a price 
increase. Reduction in the input costs and overheads is also being 
prioritized.  
 
We would be developing new solutions and capitalize the available 
market opportunities in the Track and trace segment. With respect to 
the packaging business, both in India and overseas, we are looking 
forward to increasing revenue in the printer sales, the co-packing and 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 32 
 
laminates. Overseas subsidiaries will continue to monitor the focus 
group targets. Business plans have already been mandated for 
resolution.  
 
We now leave the floor open for any questions. We'll be happy to 
address them. 
 
Question-and-Answer 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. 
[Operator Instructions]. We'll take the first question from Mr. Keshav 
Garg. Please go ahead. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
So, Mr. Kabra, thank you very much for this opportunity. I'm very 
concerned by the losses that our international acquisitions are doing and 
the losses seem to be ballooning with every passing quarter. Now, we 
have seen this story before of Indian companies doing vanity 
acquisitions in saturated Western markets and then continuously 
pumping money, making losses and then ultimately just writing off the 
whole thing. So, I mean, is there a different story over here or we are 
following the same predictable pattern that we have seen many times in 
the past before? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So, Keshav, this is Shiva. Thank you for taking part in the 
conference and for your question. I think that will be a concern for many 
other people also. So, you see, the thing is, I think this is a fundamental 
question for me as a manager and for the shareholders also, or investors, 
however you want to term it. You see, there are two routes out here. We 
are in a comfortable position in our coding and marking business. When 
I look at the results, the profitability has increased on a standalone basis, 
fueled by the coding and marking business. Even though we have made 
investments in both the QRiousCodes which actually probably was at 
least a breakeven this year, I would say, if not at a profit, but it was 
definitely at breakeven. 
 
We didn't probably spend money developing that business, but we didn't 
make losses in the packaging business in India. So, the question is 
whether we wanted to be a TCS or Infosys-type business. I mean, I'm 
not trying to say they're a great company or something, but in the end, 
they've been making a lot of money and running a comfortable business 
model for 30-35 years, but they haven't reinvested in creating IP. There 
are no products that they have per se. They're not leading in, say, the AI 
or something. They've not created any, like Zoho or SaaS-type products. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 32 
 
They've not competed with anyone that asked -- or done anything like 
that.  
 
So the question for us is that there are certain types of companies and 
business models which are going in a certain direction. We have felt 
that our coding and marking business has a certain limit because the 
total business in India is still, like somewhere between INR2,000 crores, 
INR2,200 crores was our last calculation when we had the fall of us, 
plus assume something for all the other parts of the market. Now, if 
that's going to grow about like, about 10%, then 11%, something like 
that, 10% on average, then the options for us are limited. Although it's 
a very comfortable, highly profitable business and we believe that we 
have the type of skills, we have the type of thing, and we've been 
investing aggressively in developing our own technology. So we were 
licensing many things earlier. We were a distributor for the new 
manufacturing, and under license. We developed a lot of our own 
products and technologies in the last few years. So, just so you 
understand, you know, the losses that you're talking about are almost 
entirely in the packaging division abroad. 
 
It's not in markprint or Codeology, which are more allied with our 
current business. The main losses that we're having are fundamentally 
linked to the packaging business. Now that's a business that is not, I 
won't say like it's something that we're not really doing that directly in 
terms of packaging machines and packaging materials, right? We are 
supplying a different set of equipment than the packaging ones. So the 
fundamental call out here was to invest in some technology, which we 
feel has a differentiating factor. And the investment cycle has gone a bit 
longer than what we expected. 
 
That's also because, it's taking more time -- it has taken more time to 
stabilize the machines, as compared to what we expected. And the 
machine is actually stable, but in certain types of material development 
in terms of certain other aspects that are there in those markets. So like 
I said, in the end, when we've done this acquisition, or we've invested 
in this, we feel that the scope of this business is significantly bigger than 
that of our coding and marking business. But we need to invest and have 
patience. And we've gone on a certain route where we have said that we 
are comfortable building up our IP-stack, and that's what our company 
wants to do. That's what we believe is necessary for the long-term health 
of our company, when we're talking over a decade-long period. 
 
So, I understand that, as an investor, as a shareholder, as a even 
manager, you have to ask these questions to our board. These questions 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 32 
 
were raised also yesterday, and that's been raised in a few other 
meetings that the rate of growth-- sort of makes the growth out here 
look very muted, and it's not that good. But the thing is it's a conscious 
path we've taken. We've got like a bunch of key patents, not only, like 
I said, in our coding and marking business, which we've created over 
the last few years. We've done a lot of investment in R&D out there 
also. So, we are coming from, I'm coming from a different angle. 
 
We have been paying license fees and royalties, and someone calculates 
that I've been paying INR7 crores, INR8 crores, INR9 crores a year, 
INR10 crores, maybe, whatever it is. And we've been paying for the last 
10, 15, 20 years. Then we are coming from the idea that we want to 
leave this new thing and get into new areas where we are the ones who 
are owning highly differentiated IP and building platforms on that. 
 
So, it's a very different type of a situation, and this change has been 
happening for a decade. We need to focus on our coding and marking 
business only, so nobody questioned it earlier. Now, we are also getting 
more, like I said, into digital printing, into Track and Trace, and in-
house because we're combining a lot of those technologies, and now we 
go to the packaging industry also, and that's a similar platform. 
 
But like I said, you know, if someone is asking me, and I was just at 
interpack, for about 8 -- 7 to 8 days or something in Germany, I think 
there was a lot of strong interest in our product and our platform. So, 
it's something that definitely -- I'm still very sure of the end-use case, 
but everyone has to understand that when you're going down a certain 
route, we have to load a certain amount of risk and some sacrifice of 
certain short-term results, which we're trying to manage to the best 
extent possible in order to ensure that the company has multiple levers 
of growth and a strong platform over the next decade or two. So that's 
sort of where the situation is. 
 
I don't know if this is answering your question in complete. There's no 
vanity here. We're not taking on certain things. It's a very calculative 
decision. Wherever we have invested, it is to take certain types of 
intellectual  property where either we have some holes in our portfolio 
and we want to ramp it up in terms of Codeology, the print and apply, 
in terms of the Markprint withdigital printing. It also filled some 
geographical options for us, maybe in the future, and in the packaging 
business, again, it's an IP platform that we bought, which we really 
believe we can develop to be a significantly bigger business and a more 
profitable business than our coding business. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 32 
 
Keshav Garg: 
So, Mr. Kabra, I appreciate your answer and I do understand that until 
we attempt to do new things, the company cannot grow. But I mean, 
there has to be some endgame that, okay, we are trying to do this and if 
we are unable to do this in a certain time period at a certain cost with a 
certain capital outlay, then we will basically write it off. And it will not 
be open-ended that after three years also, we are discussing the same 
thing and I think we are again putting INR32 crore in the Italian 
subsidiary, whether through IPR purchase or equity infusion, it's 
basically the same thing that we are putting INR32 crore additional 
capital. So, basically, how much money did we put to acquire this 
packaging business? What has been the additional investment since 
acquiring it? And what has been the cumulative loss? 
 
So, the basic point is that are we realistically going to get in the 
foreseeable future any return on all this investment that has been 
incurred till now? And by when? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so, Keshav, again, like I said is that this is not an open-ended type 
of investment. Obviously, in the end, we've got a certain bunch of 
milestones, and the first thing is to have a very stable product platform, 
which has taken slightly longer than what we expected because what 
happens since we bought the company from liquidation, there's a lot 
more damage to their technical and quality and many other aspects that 
were there than what we expected. The IP, what we're doing is not a 
method of fund infusion. I will actually retract on saying that, we, in 
any case, have certain things that we've extended are not clearly in terms 
of the equity into what we've done. So of course, some part will be used 
to repaying ourselves. But this is to formalize the fact that all the IP is 
now belonging to Control Print, right? Not to Control Print Italy.  
 
And we are also potentially going to be licensing this technology to 
other people, okay. So, one of the options we're also looking at is 
whether to make it a platform and whether we want to do everything 
ourselves or whether we want to make it a platform and even license it 
to other people. So, we can do all kinds of things in the platform, right? 
We can also license it to other people in certain geographies or we can 
make everything ourselves. So, there are multiple options ahead of us. 
 
For that, we wanted this to lie with Control Print itself and make Control 
Print affordable for  India. So, that's the situation that's there. But I can 
assure you these questions are asked of us, obviously. And like I said, 
our board is also very conscious -- Mr. Kabra is very conscious of what 
is happening. He has a lot of questions to ask also. So, I can assure you 
that we are making significant progress and it may or may not show up 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
in the results at the time that everyone expects, including me. But I 
understand and I have done this with two other platforms that we've 
done before. Now, we're able to do three other options like the Track 
and Trace. Now, we can see the sort of results showing up out there.  
 
We can see the same thing here. And again, we've gone for a highly 
differentiated approach. If we go for a less differentiated approach and 
keep building out the platform, it's going to obviously probably give us 
a faster return. But like I said, the idea is to get something which can 
really take the company to the next level. I think that's what we're 
looking for. 
 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. Thank you very much. I appreciate your answer and I hope 
the company succeeds in our endeavours. Thank you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Thanks.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Madhur Rathi. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
For the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding the sharp 
increase in our employee benefit expenses. On a standalone basis 
because it seems that the investments in the Track and Trace had been 
done. So, what is this increase related to? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yes, sir. I cannot hear you clearly. Can you repeat everything, Madhur?  
 
Madhur Rathi: 
I wanted to understand the increase in employee benefit expenses 
during the quarter from INR21 crores to INR27 crores, INR28 crores. 
So, why is this? And from my understanding, all the investments in 
Track and Trace had been done and the employee expenses were going 
to stabilise at those earlier levels. So, what has led to this increase? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, I take the second part of the question for us, as far as Track and 
Trace goes, I mean, we're continuing to invest. We have a team there. 
We continue to develop new products and IP. So, there is an ongoing 
commitment and an investment. But now we're making enough revenue 
that it is breakeven, maybe even profitable. I can't disclose those exact 
numbers, but it is not -- if in the future, I mean, for whatever we are 
seeing, it's either going to be at least breakeven, if not profitable. So, it 
will be a contributor or at most neutral for the company.  
 
Now, the second part, which is the employee expenses, you know, 
Jaideep is going to answer this question. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 32 
 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, if you look at the numbers, you will feel that the amount has 
increased. But for the granular approach, like what we've analysed is 
that since November '25, the new wage code has come into being. And 
as a result, we had to recast the liability on account of leave encashment 
and an Gratuity. So, a major chunk of the variance is because we have 
implemented the new wage code and the hit has been then repeated 
around. Along with that, we have also done some good amount 
provision for the sales and service people incentives and also some 
loyalty bonuses for key management people.  
 
So, the last one, basically in terms of keeping the business ahead and 
having the right people and the first impact of more or less about INR3.5 
crores was because of that leave encashment and the gratuity 
entitlements. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, our standalone business has done a decent growth during 
this quarter. So, what has led to this growth? How much was the price 
hike that we took during the quarter? And how much is from the demand 
that has come up? And sir, post GST, how is the demand for the coding 
and marking equipments in India? Has it picked up or how is it? If you 
could help us understand. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so just so we can't give percentage, numbers in terms of price 
hikes, but we have implemented a surcharge because, right now -- so I 
think previous year there was a price hike, but the major growth has 
come from the volume. This year what's happened is because of some 
further -- we've actually had some costs. These are some major issues 
happening with the Iran thing or something, some chemical supply 
chains because, you know, the gas and some other things are being 
allowed for petrol and fertilizers and all, but for some reason, they've 
stopped the chemical chain. So there's some cost increases for sure on 
our side, you know, and some cost which has also been declared here 
and there. 
 
So obviously -- I mean, it's not as bad as COVID by any stretch of the 
imagination, but we are keeping our stocks ready. So we have had some 
significant cost increases. Also, the rupee depreciation has affected us, 
but we're not getting calculated as yet. But we have taken a surcharge 
from our customers to counteract whatever cost increase we're going to 
incur due to whatever this conflict and whenever it ends, I've got those. 
But it's going to take a few months for the market to normalize, even if 
the conflict ends tomorrow. So I think the surcharge will be placed till 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 32 
 
the end of the year. There was a couple of other questions in there, 
which I think Jaideep will address. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
No, you do address it. He just wanted to know that how are you fitting 
in the coding and marking there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Fair, fair. So most of the growth last year was volume. Some small part 
is a cost increase. And, yeah, this year there's a surcharge, but I don't 
think it's going to -- it's mainly to cover the additional costs that we've 
already incurred. It's not, or are incurring on account of the depreciation 
at the whatever this Iran thing. I don't think it's going to necessarily add 
to our bottom line, but it will prevent it from getting affected. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, on the demand from the FMCG segment post  the GST changes.  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Madhurji, we can't hear you properly.  
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, the demand from the FMCG market post the GST rate reductions 
for the coding and marking equipment. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Sorry, it's difficult for us to say. It's been quite stable, last year and this 
year. So it's difficult for us to say. Normally the packaging sector which 
is pharmaceutical, beverage, food, and FMCG, whatever you call it, is 
stable. And we see more ups and downs in the industrials, which is like 
cable and wire, pipe, steel, those are the ones which fluctuate more. So 
depending on -- because a lot of them are linked to home construction 
and white goods and those types of things. So, yeah, but the packaging 
side of the business is quite stable. I mean, people consume milk 
comfortably, whether it's a GST, that's what it was. I think, but I'm not 
sure. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Thank you, sir.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vinit Thakur. And I would 
request the participants to limit their questions to two per participants. 
Vinit, you may go ahead, please. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity, sir. I had a 
couple of questions if you would give me the revenue breakup by 
consumable spares and...? 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 32 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, I'll take this question. So for the Q4, I'll talk first. So between 
printers, consumables, spares and services, it is 12%, 62%, 9%, 16%. 
And if I take the complete year of '25-'26, it is 14% for the printers, 61% 
for the consumables, 9% for the spares and 15% for the services. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
And sir, could you just, also, since already my question was answered, 
I wanted to know about the CODEOLOGY and other investments, 
especially V-Shapes because we've been bleeding money for it. And as 
you mentioned, we don't have a timeline when we will have at least a 
break-even point for it. But could you explain the Indian business as 
well? What do you think about the Indian business as of right now? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So you mean the Indian business on the packaging side of the business 
or which part of the business?  
 
Vinit Thakur: 
The coding and marking business.  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So that's going steadily. I think that's steady so far. Last quarter, last 
year was good. This year should be also reasonably good. And like I 
said, we expect the Track and Trace to be one of the things that we add 
to sales, hopefully profitability this year. So it's going to be developed 
to some extent this year, stabilized where we can then have a base on 
which we can grow 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
Could you expand more on the Track and Trace business? Like what 
revenues or what is the highlight in the next two or three years? What 
do you think the potential of the business could be? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So that's difficult to say. There are other people in it. So we are a very 
late entry into the market, relatively speaking. We are trying to offer 
something which is a very differentiated solution. It's quite technical if 
someone will have to take the time out to understand what our solution 
is and how it compares to whatever is the state of the art from other 
people as of today. But I can assure that any leading pharmaceutical or 
other similar company will find significant amount of benefit coming 
to us.  
 
And I had mentioned that, we are doing some pilots with two of the top 
five to ten in size pharmaceutical companies in India. And we're coming 
to the end of those. And if everything goes and everything is successful, 
then we should get a bigger rollout of these companies. And that will 
also have a market move to the rest of the companies or other rest of the 
customers. So, yeah, that's what our focus is. It's not really on rushing 
to try to sell to everyone, it's more about going into depth and really 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 32 
 
working closely with two pilot customers of large scope complex 
requirements, probably the most complex requirements from all 
companies in India and making sure that we are giving that level of 
solution to them, that they feel there's a huge delta and it's a no brainer 
for them to switch from the existing solutions to us.  
 
And so it's more about proving the proof of concept in two apex 
customers. And you feel that it'll have its own self-explanatory effect 
down the line to all the other customers. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
So just a last comment on V-Shapes, what do you think about when can 
we reach a breakeven point on what scale and what factors could it lead 
to reaching a breakeven point and a general commentary on that part?  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So it could be this year also. So what happened was, you know, we had 
predicted about a EUR 1 million something loss, this like an reduction 
from about EUR2 million, EUR 2.5 million last year to about EUR1.5 
million this year. What's happened is that because of some difficulties 
in our --- some design changes or some stuff that we made, we put a 
bunch of inventory there which still needs to go out to customers. We're 
not able to build that. 
 
So I think that happens, you know, the losses would reduce. So, and 
also, you know, the revenues may start. We have a couple of big 
customers in the Gulf and Middle East who are not now purchasing 
materials because we can't ship them the materials. So to the Middle 
East, in the Gulf, in the Strait of Hormuz area and we don't know where 
to get past this. And so that's affected us to some extent. But I think, 
yeah, it could easily breakeven this year. But irrespective, I'm quite 
confident that the losses will reduce this year. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
From at least after FY28, we will not be bleeding more money towards 
V-Shapes. Would that be a general consensus? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I don't think that we need to put more funds in after this -- since we 
purchased the technology and shipped it to India. I think this will be the 
last, like you said, someone said, part of it is to feed some loans that we 
have provided to get them back. So that's going to be part of it. So most 
of the funds are not going to be infused there. But I think there's not 
much of a funds requirement from their side. If we believe as possible 
that the current inventory that they have is finalized and they can ship 
it out because all the changes have been agreed upon. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 32 
 
So we made some minor changes to the product. What's happened is 
that the products are still somewhat stuck at -- in the factory, in their 
factory. If those products can go out, if those machines can go out, then 
we can convert them into revenue and get some money in. Obviously, 
we already said part of it is in advance. Part of it will come in. So the 
inventory will get converted into cash and it will also lead the way to 
recurring revenue. So yeah, some improvements that can happen, in 
terms of the manufacturing out there. But I think that I think we're close 
to saying that now this is the final change. 
 
There's, again, I don't want to be critical of our own company and, that 
there's something but sometimes happen is, It's a new thing because we 
run in a very different way. When you sort of buy a certain machine 
from certain types of Italian companies of a certain size that each 
machine is slightly different than the last, and then it becomes 
impossible for an engineer to go there and understand which machine 
is what. There aren't major changes, but there are minor changes from 
each machine to each machine. So our, papers that this can't happen, it 
has to be finalized. If you go to the customer, you should have installed 
it in one day, you know, and give the training and get out and it just 
runs. 
 
So, you can't be like, I'm going to go there and I'm going to fiddle 
around with it and I'm going to make some things here and there. So 
because we are putting more of our own quality and customer level 
standards out there, otherwise they would have shipped out. But that's 
not acceptable for us. So it's going to be quite straightforward. Again, 
it's nothing negative or positive about it. Maybe people are used to 
doing businesses a certain way we don't accept that. So they have to 
comply with our laws. 
 
Vinit Thakur: 
And so what is our land? So have you been able to reduce the cost…? 
 
Moderator: 
May I request you to rejoin the queue, please?  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yes, yes.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Saket Kapoor. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yeah. Namaskar, Shiva ji. Shiva sir and Jaideep sir. Hope I'm audible. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, yeah.  
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 32 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
So first of all, a very humble suggestion. Please do make it into 
consideration that earlier, sir, the post results, the concall and the 
presentation part used to be done on the same day, maybe at the fag end 
at 5pm or sometime around that also. But we have now made it a next 
day affair. So if our team can work on it and we can host the investor 
call on the same day later in the evening, if the board meeting permits 
so, that will suffice and would be very beneficial for the investors and 
the analyst community. That's a suggestion from my side, if that could 
be looked into and deliberated on. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Saket, we actually prefer that. But then some people said they need time 
to study the presentation and the results before they can ask us 
questions. So I don't know there are different investors with different -
- so I don't know.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
In the paucity of time, I'm not taking it into discussion. You have a 
similar set of investors participating in the call. The Kaptify can call us 
and get the feedback from us what is the preferable time since we people 
are participating and we people are investors also in the organization. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I request to do that on behalf of the Control Print. Please check this on 
the end of the call for us. You know, it's actually better to do it all in 
one day. It's much better for us. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yeah, it is much better for us also, sir. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay, I got a different feedback but I'm just telling you Saketji that this 
was the feedback that we got. That's why we have changed to give 
everyone a day to study the results and the presentation before asking 
us questions. But we are open, we are more than open to going back to 
the old style. I'll leave it to Vinay to get the feedback.  
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, yes, yes. Sir now, sir, taking into account the V-Shapes losses, the 
packaging business losses, can you explain to us, sir, what is the nature 
of these losses? And as you mentioned about some machines and not 
getting delivered because of some changes in the specification. So what 
are the course correction that are expected going ahead? If you could 
just dwell further on the same. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so just so that, okay, roughly speaking, about half the V-Shapes 
expense is in terms of R&D. Okay, so the focus has been on shipping 
the R&D. So India is going to do the materials R&D and V-Shapes will 
keep developing the machine technology and also extending our 
packets into other areas. So, for example, we have a patent for taking 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 32 
 
our snap technology to powders. So we developed a thing where we 
developed a powder machine which we're not apart from finalizing and 
selling, but we've taken the patents out on that as a concept. So that will 
extend, say, to 2044. 
 
So what happens is that we are, so one part of things to develop the 
technology and to extend our IP, that's about half the cost of running V-
Shapes in Italy. Okay, the other half of the business what they do is two 
things similar to India. They do contract packaging for customers. And 
this is more because a lot of customers don't want to buy the machine 
upfront. What they do is they'll pack a hundred thousand pieces or 
50,000 pieces and try it out on the market and do things like that. And 
then if everything's successful, sort of come back to us and then look at 
purchasing machine. 
 
So that's sort of where what they do is a second thing. And then the 
main business of course is manufacturing the machines. And their sales 
geography now is limited to Europe. And India is taking care of the Asia 
Pacific and Middle East and Africa. Although maybe our real focus is, 
I'd say 90% is India and to some extent the Middle East and Gulf. It's 
not really Africa and the rest of Asia is theoretical as of right now. And 
so their costs are obviously in terms of two things. They've got a sales 
team out there, and some people in the packaging and manufacturing 
production operation. They've got some part of the cost in the R&D. So 
I would say like, if the R&D costs of something like a EUR100,000 a 
month.  
 
So obviously, we are expensing the same, but that, I mean, theoretically, 
we would have capitalized for something, because this is a natural way 
of doing things. So that's a big investment that we are making there. So 
in a way, they've got a similar R&D expenses what Control Print has 
like a little bit less than us. But because obviously, they don't have the 
same level of revenue and profitability, they can't expense that without 
losses. So that's one of the major differences there. The rest of the 
people are sales people.  
 
You've got a CEO who looks at sales and some of the technical aspects 
of the people who are manufacturing some logistics and back office or 
whatever. And then some people -- it's a pretty thin team. I think it's like 
just 12, 13 people, 14 people. Part of the R&D costs are not only our 
people, but also we have some consultants that we use and then certain 
kits and tools that I know they keep buying some stuff the other day to 
check some stuff out. So yeah, so that's where the V-shapes for the CP 
Italy costs come from. What are the other questions you had?  

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 32 
 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I have a couple of them. I'll just put forward them and then join the 
queue. Firstly, about the new manufacturing unit at Guwahati. What can 
be noted, sir? What is the rational? And how are we going? I think with 
the packaging segment itself. So that has some correlation with the IP 
which we have purchased, I think so far from V-Shapes. And sir, 
secondly, to endorse or whether to second to the views of Keshavbhai 
also in the earlier part. Sir, you have built up this organization and also 
the confidence in your investors in a journey that has transcended for 
the last 6, 8 years of consistent performance, delivering your dividends, 
buybacks. Somehow it appears to the minds of your investors that we 
are getting derailed from the objective. And that is very well reflected 
in the type of peak compression that we see currently with respect to 
our current market cap also. 
 
So sir, although in your presentation, you have spoken about, I think so 
slide number 8 speaks about three pronged long-term growth strategies. 
And then we have also spoken about long-term value drivers. We as 
investors only want things on ground to move in this aspect. And we 
would like to understand as we say in the Hindi terminology, How far 
is Delhi? How far are we away from achieving these two slide number 
7 and slide number 8? And your thought process of how confident you 
are in achieving the same. This is what the sum and substance of my 
question was. And I’ll join the queue. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay, so just looking at the first question, do you want me to take this 
now or take it at the end of the queue? If anyone else wants, I'll just take 
them now. Is that fine with everyone? 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, I think we can take a question from Saloni Arya from Molecule 
Ventures. Saloni, if you can go ahead, please. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Keep those two questions there then, and we'll address them now. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, sure, sure. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Hello, am I audible, sir? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Saloni. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Yeah, sir, I joined a little late. I don't know if my questions are 
Repeatative if I just say them out loud. First one, obviously, being 
related to the losses that we are undertaking in the subsidiary. So when 
can we expect these losses to subside? In the earlier call, we mentioned 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 32 
 
it's in H2 FY27. So what is the trend we are looking at for the next two 
quarters? Second question is regards to the Track and Trace business. 
So earlier we used to mention the market size of this business to be 
around INR500 crores. And four players are already in this. What kind 
of a market share are we looking to capture from them? Basically, over 
the next two, three years, what kind of revenue are we targeting from 
this segment alone? Is this going to be a meaningful contributor once 
the pilot commercializes or it will take longer than that? And we have 
never talked about the margin profile that this business can do. So if you 
could disclose that, it would be really helpful. And sir, total investment 
done in the V-Shapes specifically. Hello. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
If you can just keep your questions, I just can answer them because I'll 
forget your questions by the time I answer the first one. So if you can 
just understand I'm a 47-year-old guy with a very short memory. So the 
first thing, the first question you asked, I believe has been answered.  
 
Saloni Arya: 
Right, right. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Saketji has asked a similar question again. We're going to revisit this at 
the end of the investor call, I believe, once all the other -- we have 
finished with the two questions. And so it might be coming towards the 
end. So if you have a bit of patience, we'll come to it towards the end. 
Now, the second part is about our Track and Trace business, which also 
has been addressed to some extent. So we started this thing about five-
something years ago. And again, I'm saying the same thing for the 
packaging business. It's been four years of investment in that business, 
creating IP in that, and sort of understanding where the market is, where 
it may be going to be. And like you said, yeah, it is a INR500 crore, 
INR600 crore business currently. 
 
The scope is there. But again, like I said, we're looking at redefining the 
way we're addressing that market. So it's not only a conventional Track 
and Trace solution, which is -- we're already at a certain level where we 
are breakeven, if not profitable, in the conventional part of the business. 
We've been working more on sort of an IP-differentiated solution in that 
business. And like, I mean, just so that everyone understands, my way 
of thinking. Like, we had a Track and Trace developed. We spent some 
money developing it. And we found a team that had developed a 
blockchain-based Track and Trace with a QR. We dumped our solution 
and we went through them. And we got that team. That team became 
our team in the QRiouscodes team. We invested more in developing the 
product around that we thought was there. 
 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 32 
 
We worked with them for the last three-something years, and we put a 
lot of money in that. We've developed our thing. We've developed our 
printing and other types of R&D, and other expertise to contribute to 
them. A lot of the expertise that we've also acquired through 
MARKPRINT. So it is bringing different parts of Control Print 
together. And I guess we go to a level where we are break-even, if not 
profitable. I can't disclose that very well in that business. In general, 
whatever we do in terms of any business is at a similar gross margin 
level to what we do in our coding and marking business, at least. Now 
the point that was then raised was, you know, what is the size of this 
business? What is the scope of this business? What is the market share? 
 
So for us, it's to create a product, like I said, when we are not afraid to 
know that we can make a product, we can sell it as Control Print, we 
can do another meaningful business and get a share. I think someone's 
mic is on and they need to switch it off, because there's some 
background noise coming through someone. So I think what we're 
trying to do is create an IP-differentiated solution. Okay, we're not very 
content doing the same thing that we're doing. In the coding and 
marking business, we've done it. We've established a proper market 
share. We've still got great options and great solutions in the coding and 
marking business, which is enabling us to continue growing. Hence, 
we've got a lot of equity there.  
 
In other segments, we don't want to just use the Control Print reach to 
make a meaningful solution, which could probably be profitable and be 
like a basic return on equity, but that's not our philosophy as a company. 
So in terms of where we're going to be in two, three years or something, 
I think we've got like two pilot projects that we are running with two of 
India's largest pharmaceutical firms to play amongst two of India's 
largest pharmaceutical companies. We're coming to the end of those 
pilots. If we feel all of us agree, and maybe the customers, but also us, 
that we are getting the results that are giving them a significant delta 
over what they're currently employing, then I think there's a firm 
commitment to implement our solution and scale it up in those 
companies. 
 
If that's the case, there will be obviously significant growth driving for 
us in this year, but it will also sort of re-establish the standard of what 
can be done and what should be expected in a track and trace solution 
or, off the level that Control Print delivers. And we believe it will also 
affect the rest of the market and really make it much, much easier for 
us. I mean, we think that customers will be coming to us rather than us 
going to them post that if this happens, because, the proof of concept is 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 32 
 
that the customer has run the pilot, he's done everything, he's doing the 
market testing and he's finding it successful. 
 
So again, like I can't give exact numbers. We don't give predictions on 
all these types of things. In terms of, I guess in margins, it should be, I 
think like overall, the corporate should be able to maintain its margins, 
overall. Like I said, it's -- if someone needs to understand what our 
solution does, first of all, I don't know how much you can disclose 
because most of our stuff is covered under NDA. But if we can disclose 
some general stuff, more than be welcome to do that. But again, like I 
said, it's a very IP-based platform, which is differentiated. And for that, 
someone has to be willing to invest time and understanding the 
differentiating point between us and our competitors or whatever's there 
right now in the market. 
 
So that's the second question that you asked. Now you want to ask them 
another question. So I'll, please go with that. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Sorry from my end, I'm in a public place. So third question would be, 
so you can't even give the ballpark figure regarding the V-Shapes and 
Track and Trace business as to how much you expect them to be a part 
of the overall revenue mix over the next three, four years. If a ballpark 
figure could also give us some sense as to where the management is 
directionally going. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So, okay. I think there's some overlapping questions. I think Saket has 
asked some overarching questions on this basis. If I can just cover this, 
if you can make that a point, Saketji of your question. So I specifically 
addressed that point. That would be perfect. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
Okay, okay. Sir just one last question on my side, sir. Basically, sir, this, 
you basically said that once the negotiations are done, you will be 
coming out with a presentation on Track and Trace business itself. So 
when do you think we can expect that? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We already have one. We have a clear one. It's for customers. What our 
specific differentiating IPs are? Right now, we give it to people under, 
-- who sign an AP with us. So, yeah, we can put on a general purpose 
Track and Trace. It must be on our website. Someone can do it. Yeah, 
sure. Jaideep can just put it up on a standard presentation.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, a generic one.  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We can just put it up on the website. 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 32 
 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
We can do that.  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We can do that. That's not a problem. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
That would be really helpful, sir. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. If anyone needs to get a specific theme with a specific customer, 
obviously, you can't disclose what we do with specific customers. But 
I'm sure a lot of you guys are analysts for some of those customers, 
investors and some of those customers. Maybe you can speak to the 
customer directly, and they will be better explaining what, because it's 
better to actually get it from their point of view, right? Rather than 
getting it my thing or what I'm trying to sell or what I'm trying to pitch 
to them. It's better to understand what they are thinking and why they 
are doing this. How they are evaluating this type of purchase. I think 
that's far more valuable than what we might say. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
You make sense, sir. Just one last question and I'll... 
 
Moderator: 
Please go ahead. 
 
Saloni Arya: 
What is the Market size of this product, basically. We have said that it 
was 300, top 300 drugs have been already mandated and government is 
increasing it to a thousand drugs. But the execution on the government 
side has not been that strong. And as it is a compliance on pharma 
company's point of view, so how much of a market size increase are we 
expecting in the pharma space for this track and trace business? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so in the top 300 medicines we are already doing like 20 or 
something in 2022. But, you know, the government is going to come 
out of the notification in our discussion with the DCGI to make it to 946 
of the top medicines of India. Why 946? I'm not quite sure about but 
this is what the preliminary discussions that are going on. I'm assuming 
these are public, so I if they're not -- I take that back. So this is the 
discussion that's come out right now to set to 946 medications. 
 
The fundamental issue is that there's no standard in terms of the fact that 
we own a QR code which goes to the manufacturer's site to validate it, 
whether it's working or not. And what's happened is I believe there's 
been a lot of instances where people have scanned the QR code to 
authenticate the medicine but the medicine was counterfeit because the 
entire batch was copied and released out in the market. Now what that 
is doing is giving a false sense of security to the customers because 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 32 
 
you've scanned the medicine, it's saying it's authentic but it's not 
actually authentic and that's what really where our solution, this is one 
of the main issues our solution is addressing at the heart of, but so that 
everyone knows what we're doing in a differentiated manner. 
 
So you get 100% accuracy like there's a million copies out there each 
the one authentic will come out. And we also have some other parts 
which are because since you're already doing the track and trace case 
which is acquiring warehouse, supply chain and other types of 
information, some other types of management for the pharmaceutical 
companies so they can use all this data to manage all their logistics, 
supply chain, diversion issues and other types of things. So just so you 
get an idea there is a talk to make it 946 medicines but there's no 
notification yet.  
 
Right now it's just -- so we don't know when it's going to come out to 
be this thing and there are some issues in the first 300 medicines in 
terms of the fact that the objective was to eliminate counterfeiting but 
actually it's in fact gone a little bit the other way it's leaving customers 
with false sense of security that it is genuine. It's actually it's not 
genuine. So it's not really helped so far the objectives have not been 
achieved. So I don't know -- I know the government does want to extend 
it but at the same time there's also like some more discussions of how 
the solution is going to be improved so that it's far more difficult for 
people to get -- make counterfeit copies of these types of medicines. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We'll move on to Samarth Singh and I request the 
participants to limit their questions to one per participant. Samarth 
Singh you can go ahead please. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
Yeah thank you for the opportunity. Shiva, just circling back on CP Italy 
I think in the last quarter call we had also mentioned that we had some 
quality control issues and we were to get CP Italy to have the similar 
quality of Control Print and hopefully after that post that the backlog 
would be taken care of. So I realized I guess three months isn't a long 
time but it seems that those issues are still continuing. So if you could 
just talk exactly where we are as far as the quality control issues are 
concerned and when do we start seeing us fulfilling that order book? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, so Samarth what's happening is right now it's not so much about 
quality control issue. What happens say we made a batch of 10 
machines part of them are already sold like so a significant chunk of 
them are sold. Now the first machine that came was sent to a customer 
but some issues were there because the testing wasn't as thorough. So 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 32 
 
then someone else -- the engineer has to go we go in there four times in 
order to make some changes to the machine. Now it's running fine. The 
second machine we had to sell to a customer in India. It came to us, we 
are having some issues with it even though we have a strong technical 
team here and we can't send this to our customers. We have to send the 
machine that we have in our own stock for our co-packaging to the 
customer instead. 
 
So now the third machine or the fourth machine and the fifth machine 
are ready but you know what's happening is that the first second third 
and fourth and fifth machine are all slightly different to each other so 
they keep improving the machine but my point is like all ten machines 
have to be the same. So whether we go directly to four machines and 
the next five machines or whatever, everything has to be it has to be the 
same machine it has to be tested it has to work I mean I'm not saying 
that I know this sounds like whatever math 101 or something to 
everyone like it's obvious but the reality is that sometimes people make 
things and they make a product and then they make minor changes and 
then you know they release the product and make minor changes.  
 
So I think like Tata had the same thing with their car like earlier they 
even introduced a Tata car and everyone is saying the V2 is going to be 
good. So just wait till the V2 version comes out with all these cars and 
then buy the Tata car. And again a lot of respect for Tata Motors as a 
company please don't take it in the wrong way, I hope nobody is  
sending this to Tata they are a customer of ours, very big customer to 
be honest I'm not saying this had this reputation like a decade ago and 
then they've gone through that and resolved that that it's first time right.  
 
Now what's happening is it's a very similar story that's happening out 
there but for us it's not possible to manage customers in multiple 
geographies, managing multiple things send out a product and then 
make some changes to it on the fly. So our instruction is that all the 10 
machines have to be made all of them will work exactly the same all of 
them have the same lower details the same parts the same design the 
same everything. Just small things like they can make a change in a part 
and they don't update the BOM with that same drawing. 
 
So what happens when we make like 10 new parts of that we make with 
the old drawing and someone has changed the drawing like we've got a 
part it's matching it's not working because we've got something with the 
thing so it's just like very I mean to be honest frankly speaking it's very 
small stuff. It's like what happens you buy an R&D outfit frankly which 
is posing as a company and then they're not really thinking in the same 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 32 
 
way as our company. So it's taking us a little bit of effort you know but 
we have the thing is I'm not willing to send anything out that doesn't 
meet our own internal standards. So it's a game of patience. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
And you mentioned that we are spending about I think EUR 100,000 a 
month so that is so is that the main expense that comes about INR12 
crores a year is that the total expense for CP Italy? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
That is just the R&D expense. That's not the total expense.  
 
Samarth Singh: 
Okay what would be the total expense? Not including I'm not talking 
about the COGS, just the OpEx and the wages. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
I don't understand exactly though. So I'm saying the R&D expenses is 
in the region of EUR100,000-something a month. Our expense would 
be higher in India but that's more for the coding our printing business. 
 
Samarth Singh: 
I'm just talking about CP Italy what would be the total expense uh on 
the OpEx and the wages in CP Italy? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So the direct wages are not very high. They are like a EUR1 million or 
something, maybe less. But it's difficult to say because we have a lot of 
consultants and other types of things some people on contract, because 
we don't want on take people so I…  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
So it's roughly about EUR 750,000 a year  
 
Samarth Singh: 
In rupees.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah it's the total cost out of which the R&D is… 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
It's contractual costs. Yeah and then R&D other things will be all in 
addition. So yeah again like I said you know we do some stuff on like 
it's not the total cost but yeah it's not a very huge cost it's maybe like 
EUR3 million something a year, 2, somewhere between EUR2 million 
to EUR3 million to just run the show there.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. Out of which EUR 1 million is R&D and I'll say like a EUR1 
million to EUR1.5 million is all whatever the power and the sales team 
and a couple of logistics and admin team and couple guys for the 
production. Yeah there's a few guys production and technicians and that 
type of stuff. So yeah maybe like somewhere between $2 million to max 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 32 
 
$2.5 million be like the fixed operating cost assuming like yeah there 
was no purchasesor manufacturing -- like we just had people sitting 
around with R&D types of things. So yeah 
 
Samarth Singh: 
And is it possible to restructure some of this cost and bring it on to the 
India operations because you're -- we're paying our tax rate on the 
consolidated basis close to 40% at this point. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So there is some work going on that side uh in terms of the machine but 
like I said you know first we need to make the machine a 100% we say 
like this is the final machine because otherwise I'll keep making some 
new machine in India or some new parts for those machines and so on 
and so forth. So it's not like we're planning to reduce the size of that 
office because now it's really we have slimmed down and got rid of all 
of the additional costs that are there. So like we have three, four people 
have been let go and some other things are there but like you can say all 
the additional pack or the non-productive people and expenses are being 
cut. So I'm going to see people see some more differentiation there.  
 
So it doesn't look like the costs have come down so much but we've 
gotten rid of a lot of the non-productive people and where the 
investments have been made is much more on the sales team and I'm 
getting a much higher sales type of output out there and definitely I'm 
expecting much better sales results the revenue results from them going 
forward. As far as you know getting the cost of the machine down you 
know for that we have to say that this is the final, final product and it's 
not going to change till we make a new version.  
 
Whenever we make a new version and update the car, so till I don't say 
that this is the Toyota Corolla 2024 and this is fixed and Toyota doesn't 
sign off that we will count it the Toyota Corolla 2027 so yeah we've got 
a machine. It's theoretically been fixed but obviously like the final 
things that -- so I think we are very close to the final, final stages of this 
machine being fixed, this batch of 10 coming out, us observing that and 
then the plan is that switching between what's happening is all of these 
parts are bought from local Italian suppliers, okay.  
 
So it costs us significantly more than if we could source some of these 
parts through our base or manufacture them ourselves or at least 
negotiate with our suppliers if they're bought out things like specific 
motors and drives and things like that. So that's the idea to get the cost 
down to batches but yeah -- and there's already some significant amount 
of work going on out there. I think because there's some minor changes 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 32 
 
you know it's been a little more of a difficult processthat we originally 
had such. But it will happen. It's just yeah it's step by step.  
 
Samarth Singh: 
Appreciate that thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you we'll take the next question from Nikunj Bhanushali. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah, you are. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Yeah. So firstly I would like to know some numbers in terms of our 
acquired companies so in CODEOLOGY and MARKPRINT and CP 
Italy what was the sales numbers for the entire year FY26 and what are 
the profit or loss numbers for the year '26 ? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
We don't normally give it for the specific subsidiaries. I think it might 
come out in the annual report when we disclose whatever is required to 
be disclosed. Like I said almost the entire loss or the entire losses is on 
account of CP Italy of the consolidated losses outside of India. So just 
I mean obviously I guess that's an interesting point that everyone wants 
to know but yeah the entire loss can be ascribed to CP Italy. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Sure. So the reason behind me asking about individual numbers is that 
from the past year we have not been able to grow our top line as well. 
So expenses and losses are one thing but what I want to really 
understand is what kinds of -- what top line growth are we envisioning 
for the future in terms of our subsidiaries in terms of MARKPRINT and 
CODEOLOGY specifically because you mentioned that they are right 
on the basis of breakeven and even profitable. So what top line growth 
are we envisioning there in terms of percentages maybe you can share 
and what are we targeting what sales figures are we targeting there? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah. So again we expecting some growth there in a similar 15%, 20% 
growth rate. I think that's what one would expect there in both 
CODEOLOGY and MARKPRINT. In CP Italy I think there would be 
some better growth if we could sell some of the machines that we have 
sold but actually like sell them by shipping them out it would be better 
-- it would have looked a bit better at least optically. So for 
CODEOLOGY we have -- just so that everyone knows we've been 
taking the print and apply technology from them. We've transferred it 
to us. Now we're trying to put into beta home thermal transfer in it, a 
print engine.  

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 26 of 32 
 
 
So what will happen is that will also lock the consumers for them and 
for us so that if someone buys a print and apply whether from them or 
for us if the consumers business will come to us recurring in the future. 
Print and apply is also although India is not as big print and apply 
market surely as abroad there is still it's a growing segment in India and 
Promoter is not there in the segment.  
 
So just in the recent sales managers meeting we had in April we sort of 
did the first reading for the print and apply. And we're expecting that 
although a bit slow we will get off the ground in this year and start the 
print and apply sales which in the future years will be an additional 
product in our coding portfolio and help us maintain our growth rates. 
And like I said for CODEOLOGY we have done an analysis of their 
business and in all honesty we have asked them to scale down the core 
business because we feel that the types of margins --- there's not an 
operating leverage if they grow from $1 million or 1.5 million from 
where they were, if they become double it's not like the profits will 
become three or four times. So it's a bit of a tricky situation there. And 
they themselves believe that the V-Shapes packaging business has the 
maximum amount of scope in in the UK and those areas.  
 
So they will be doing the sales for UK and maybe even Scandinavia and 
Benelux or something like that and the co-packaging there so they are 
more focused on scaling that up and scaling up a couple of power coding 
and marking products in their market. So we are actually going to make 
it more profitable by scaling down reducing and do some restructuring 
they're getting rid of some of the excess costs making the core business 
more profitable by making it a bit smaller which is a bit counterintuitive 
but the cost should come down faster than the whatever the profit 
revenue as a result and refocusing our resources on the packaging 
business and a couple of select parts of our coding and marking 
business. So that's planned with CODEOLOGY.  
 
And with MARKPRINT they've already got some good contracts. Like 
I said they -- what happens with these companies it's a bit tricky to say 
because a lot of them are marquee businesses but they've got -- they've 
got a couple of good things going on and hopefully that keeps going on 
I think we should see some strong growth.  
 
They had some technical issues themselves in a couple of installations 
last year but that those installations are like you're marketing within 
your own potential. So if that continues to roll out that -- like even 
without getting any new customers it's just going to be in the rollout I 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 27 of 32 
 
think they'll install into our 25% a year. So that's fine. But yeah that 
doesn't mean of course we aren't trying to push them to get additional 
customers additional things in the meantime. But yeah so I think those 
businesses are less concerned. CP Italy is the main focus for us because 
that's obviously where the losses are concentrated right now. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Okay. Thank you for explaining that. And just… 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Technology has been largely I think consolidated in Control Print. So 
we are using that now quite extensively and also in some of the solutions 
that we are providing our customers. So it has been contributing to us 
in the last couple of years. Now definitely I think that the level which 
we've integrated has increased and we are providing at a much higher 
level to our customers. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Okay, okay. In terms of printers can you help me with the number of 
printers that were sold in this particular year? 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
For '25-'26 you mean to say? 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Yeah, for FY26 yeah. 
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Yeah. It's about 3,064 printers. 
 
Nikunj Bhanushali: 
Okay, 3,064. All right, Yeah, I think that's it from me. I will get back in 
the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Sir we'll take the last question from Hardik Bora. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Yeah. Hi. Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you. Shiva just one point on the coding and marking 
business in India. Not withstanding your -- the caution that you've said 
that you need to focus on these other businesses, before significant 
slowdown of maturity comes to this business. Actually the business has 
been doing pretty well, even when you see the performance in FY26 on 
profitability, printer edition as Jaideep mentioned we have 3,000 plus 
printers sold this year. The metrics seem to be pretty encouraging there 
still. So trying to tie it back to your initial remark like these large IT 
companies who probably took a lot of time to wake up to the AI threat 
and invest in that area.  

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 28 of 32 
 
 
Do you feel that compared to five years ago the growth opportunity of 
the coding marking business has meaningfully slowed down. That is 
why you're focusing on these new technologies or it's just out of 
abundant precaution? The coding business is still doing well. You're 
just trying to pre-empt the slowdown that might come 10, 15 years later 
and hence you're trying to seize these new technologies today. So just 
wanted to get a sense on how are you looking at the coding marking 
businesses growth potential compared to what it was let's say five years 
ago? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
So Hardik, if I can ask you some questions what is the market cap of 
TCS and Infosys and Wipro and Cognizant, and all these guys. And 
then what is the market cap of Nvidia and Microsoft and Apple and even 
new guys like Salesforce or Oracle or those types of guys who own the 
IPs and own the products or SAP or those types of guys so where do we 
want to be? I think that's a fundamental question for Control Print And 
yeah, based on the coding and marking business it's generating the cash 
flows. It's our bread and butter, jam whatever you want to call it today. 
I'm not denying all those things. But that doesn't mean, like at least for 
us we still feel that we have that capability where for a few companies 
there's a strong tech team out here.  
 
We're doing a lot of work on R&D and development for the last 10, 12 
years so we're confident of that path. So you know we are very much in 
a different sort of situation of like I said where -- when we see even 
Chinese companies they're able to create their own technologies. Like 
when look at Huawei or something in all honesty their products are 
fantastic. They create a lot of their own IP around telecom and other 
types of things or something like that. So I think if I look at 
pharmaceuticals how many Indian companies in spite of being large 
pharmaceutical manufacturers the last 30, 40 years in the genetic space 
how many of them have created new chemical entities besides 
Wockhardt I don't know of a single company that has created a sort of 
whatever Phase 3 molecule even focused on that business. I was 
thinking focused on creating that business.  
 
So I think for me the thought is very different. Like I said it's not that 
the coding and marking business is bad we have that capacity in us to 
do much better. I personally feel I have the juice in me to still be 
motivated to work and do something rather than being like no I'm 
getting the comfortable growth in the coding and marking business and 
I want to focus more on my lifestyle and that other type of thing. I think 
our team is still strongly motivated to keep doing pushing our own 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 29 of 32 
 
boundaries and then we understand that there's a certain lumpiness up 
and down that's going to come, the size of company that we are. We 
could manage it much easier in the coding and marking space but like I 
said you know when I look at the fact that we probably made like 
INR100 crore, INR150 crores in royalties over 20 years and if I look at 
the today's cost of that and if I look at the present value even paying 
INR3 crores, INR 4 crores 20 years down the line, INR8 crores, INR9 
crores, whatever it is. After we negotiate the agreements down and 
those royalties have come down because we’ve developed some of our 
own technologies in the time. 
 
So we don't need to license them anymore. So CIG, which used to be 
like 90% of our sales, is now like 60%. So 40% is at least our own 
inbuilt type of solution. So what's happening is that, my own 
experience, my own feelings are coming from a very different point of 
view. And again, like I said, and that doesn't mean the coding and 
marking business is bad. It's a good business. But, yeah, I could be 
comfortable with being -- and I'm not saying this is a threat. Like I said, 
I think like when the people look at AI as a threat, I'm not getting to that 
part. But we're not getting away from coding and marking because we 
feel it's under threat.  
 
I don't think the government is going to change legislation anytime 
soon, from my feeling. Again, like, it's just my own feeling, opinion, 
that I don't think legislation is going to change fundamentally to a sort 
of make, date, batch, and all that type of information, MRP information, 
or non-mandatory. It could happen. I'm not denying that. As long as it 
happens, it will be required. And same thing for the pipes and the cable, 
the pressure ratings, the information, like we're bringing all basic stuff 
out here.  
 
So I'm not seeing this legislation changing, at least in the next few years. 
But of course, like I'm not in the government, so I can't see anything. I 
don't know how they evaluate what needs to be done or not to be done. 
But it's not a threat aspect. The focus is more that we have that 
capability. We have sort of completed our coding and marking product 
portfolio quite substantially. With the MARKPRINT acquisition, we've 
improved our own digital printing skills. We have -- so that opens up a 
new avenue for us, which is a combination of digital printing, coding 
and marking, part of our track and trace offering also. So that's a big 
area we've opened up. It's a sort of hybrid area. 
 
 
We've got another track and trace area. We've been investing that in the 
last four or five years now. And that's somewhat at a certain level, 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 30 of 32 
 
although still needs more focus, more investments to continue 
development that will, so that it truly is a strong product. So just to give 
you like a larger picture on what's happening, because the coding and 
marking is not bad. And I think that it should be that it's going to be the 
strong base, which is going to give us that space that we can create other 
platforms. But we -- so I don't think that that's going to change, and 
neither is it a bad business to be in, but neither is it like if I want to be a 
different level of business, if I want to be a different level of IP or 
platform, then we have to actually target these opportunities that we've 
undertaken right now. 
 
And like I said, you know, I'm focused on maturing these opportunities 
before we even think of doing anything else. So yeah, give that a shot. 
First, we will mature these before we even think of something else. 
Once I'm profitable, then we will think of something else going forward. 
 
Hardik Bora: 
So yeah, Shiva, and actually, as investors, we are encouraged that you're 
exploring these new areas. The objective of asking the question was 
that, are we like the Infosys and TCSs of 2010? Or are we on the 2020 
phase where we have to spend on this today otherwise, the overall 
consolidated growth is under pressure. I think you answered the 
question. I was trying to understand from that perspective. But yeah, all 
the best to you on these new ventures. And hopefully, we start seeing 
them bearing some fruit soon. Thank you. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. Shiva, you had to address those two questions at the end, 
right? 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Yeah, yeah. So Saket was going to, if you can just put those questions 
again, Saketji, just one question at a time. One is the key question and 
investment of the Guwahati facility? Is that correct, Saket?  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Saketji is on mute.  
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay, I believe the first question was the investment in the new 
UNNATI factory in the Northeast. So like I said, one of the bigger 
longer term issues with our current setup of the packaging business is 
the cost of the packaging materials. I agree that some questions were 
asked, and I did say yes, there's some slight issues with the machine 
finalization as of right now. But one of the other big challenges in the 
long term, especially with the large customers is the cost of the material. 
Still, very approximately cost like INR2 something a pack. For the cost 
of the packaging material, between INR2, it's increased a bit after this 
Iran thing. We're importing at all. It's going to cost about INR2.5. When 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 31 of 32 
 
we make it in Guwahati, we believe we can sell it to the customer for 
almost 40% less. So what is INR2.5 now, it'll be INR1.5 then, or what 
was INR1 now, it'll be like INR0.25, INR0.30. So we believe that that's 
going to actually make a much bigger explosion in the market. 
 
A regular sachet costs about INR0.40 for a bulk customer, like Unilever, 
who makes Dove, something like that, Sunsilk, or one of those types of 
things in bulk. We will be about INR1.20, INR1.30, that type of large 
scale customer. Again, it's never going make us go to the INR2.5 packet, 
or maybe up to the INR5, but we'll be very competitive in a INR10 
packet. 
 
The other part that we think is that in the foreign markets, EUR0.01 
cent, or whatever is doing is not a big deal for them, or so even for 
ketchup and sort of cheaper products, right? I don't think for them, it's 
going to be a different type of situation. So we needed to invest in the 
materials. And of course, that's also part of our business model. It's a 
little bit, we're selling the machine, of course, the packaging machine. 
But in fact, out there, the materials business will give us -- when you 
look at the value of how much margin we're making on the machine, 
versus how much we're making on the material in year one, obviously, 
the machine is the main business.  
 
But when you look at the fact that we're going to make money on this 
machine for the 15 year life, and even if it runs like 10, 12 years on 
average, something like 15, 20, like, no, you're going make money on 
this machine, or money on this machine for 10, 12 years, then the value 
of the materials is significantly higher than that of the machine. So the 
machine, it's like a jet engine or something, right? You sell the engine 
and the money is, as much in the parts and the upgrades and the services, 
and here's the same thing as like a jet windows or stuff. 
 
Definitely, there's a value in selling the machine and a margin that we're 
making in it right now. But we're going to make more money in the 
materials down the line. By making the materials cheaper, we believe 
that the margin, the volume of the business is going to be exponentially. 
And as a result, the scope of what we can -- how much we can service 
the V-Shapes business is going to increase exponentially. So that's the 
primary purpose of putting up this UNNATI factory. We are putting 
some pouring a lot of bits out there. This is to accelerate the revenue 
right in the beginning. It's not that our Guwahati facility is like, mostly 
running out of capacity. We could have done these minor expansions in 
Guwahati, but we're doing them instead of the new facilities so that we 

Control Print Limited (CONTROLPR) 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 21, 2026 02:00 PM IST 
 
Page 32 of 32 
 
maximize the incentives on offer. Does this answer the UNNATI 
question, for the Northeast expansion? Okay, I think that's that question. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah, I think answered it. 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yeah, yeah. So that was the reason that if you could just also give color 
on the incentive part and also on an annual basis or by what optimum 
level of revenue we will be we will be enjoying the benefits, some color 
on the incentives also would that suffice or I'll take it offline later. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Okay, so the benefits are you get INR7.5 crores back on a INR15 crore 
investment plant & machinery. If you go beyond INR15 crores, you still 
get only INR7.5 crores back. So it's capped at that. The second benefit 
is that you get a 5% interest subsidy on your term loan for a period of 
six years. The third benefit is that equivalent to the plant and machinery 
investment, you get a excise or rather a GST refund of the same over 10 
years. So suppose I invest INR50 crores in plant and machinery, I'll get 
back INR5 crores of GST refund every year for 10 years. 
 
Obviously present value terms that's less than INR50 crores, but there 
is a benefit to that. So we are already in Guwahati. We probably 
wouldn't have gone for this scheme if we weren't already there, but it's 
not far from my existing plot. We've had a lot of experience working in 
the Northeast. We didn't feel any risk in going to that area. And the 
logistics costs are quite well covered, but there are some separate minor 
subsidies on that of getting the freight from somewhere in the Northeast 
to, I think, Siligurior Bengal or some place like that. So it's not really a 
concern.  
 
So there are some reasonably significant benefits. They're not huge, but 
they add up and made our case for sticking to Guwahati for our 
expansion worldwide rather than doing something right outside of 
Bombay or Silvassa somewhere. That was our other option. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Okay, we'll close it here now. Thank you to all the participants for 
joining on the call and thank you to the management team for giving us 
their time. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. Thank 
you. 
 
Shiva Kabra: 
Thank you very much.  
 
Jaideep Barve: 
Thank you. 
