 
LTM Limited 
(Formerly LTIMindtree Limited) 
L&T Technology Center, Tower 1, Gate No. 5, Saki Vihar Road, Powai, Mumbai - 400072, Maharashtra, 
India. 
T: +91 22 6776 6776  
Registered Office: L&T House, Ballard Estate, Mumbai - 400 001, India.  
W: ltm.com • E: info@ltm.com • CIN: L72900MH1996PLC104693 
     LTM/SE/STAT/2026-27/14                                                                                               April 29, 2026 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: LTM 
The BSE Limited,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 540005 
 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on April 23, 2026 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call held on April 23, 2026.  
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For LTM Limited 
 
 
Angna Arora 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
Angna 
Arora
Digitally signed 
by Angna Arora 
Date: 2026.04.29 
12:52:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 32 
“ Q4 and FY2026 Earnings Call of LTM Limited” 
April 23, 2026 
Management:  
Mr. Venu Lambu - Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Mr. Vipul Chandra - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Vikas Jadhav - Head, Investor Relations 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 32 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the LTM Limited Q4 and 
FY2026 Earnings Call.  
Please note all participants are currently in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions following the conclusion of the 
management's opening remarks. Please note that this call is being 
recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Jadhav, Head Investor 
Relations at LTM. Over to you, sir. 
Vikas Jadhav: 
Thanks Inba. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to LTM Q4 and full 
year FY2026 earnings call.  
Today on the call, we have with us  
Mr. Venu Lambu, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, and  
Mr. Vipul Chandra, Chief Financial Officer.  
We will begin by providing a brief overview of the company's Q4 and full 
year FY2026 performance, after which we will open the floor for 
questions and answers.  
During the call, we could make forward-looking statements. These 
statements consider the environment as we see today and carry risks and 
uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from 
those expressed in today's call. We do not undertake to update any 
forward-looking statements made on this call.  
I now turn the call over to Mr. Venu for his opening remarks. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vikas. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 32 
Before we start, I am pleased to share that upon recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and subject to the approval of 
the Shareholders, the Board of Directors has approved the appointment 
of Vipul Chandra as the Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
Congratulations, Vipul.  
We closed FY2026 with another quarter of steady growth and strong 
execution. It has been a defining year for us on various fronts as we 
continue to deliver broad-based growth and sustained value for our 
customers.  
During the year, we executed three strategic programs to strengthen 
efficiency, scale, and competitiveness. These included Fit4Future to drive 
cost optimization, the establishment of a dedicated Large deals 
organization, and our pivot to becoming an AI-centric enterprise. Every 
decision, investment, partnership, and client engagement in the year was 
aligned with these initiatives.  
Fit4Future has delivered on its stated objectives and helped us improve 
our margins over the year. The launch of BlueVerse™, our agentic AI 
ecosystem, has begun to accelerate our clients' concept-to-value journey 
and serves as the foundation for our AI-centric capabilities. In parallel, we 
secured some of the largest deals in our history, expanded order intake 
consistently, and entered FY2027 with a robust pipeline.  
We also took an important step in how we present ourselves to the world. 
Our new name and identity as LTM and our positioning as business 
creativity partner clearly articulate who we are, the value we deliver, and 
how we intend to lead in the agentic enterprise era. Everything we 
executed this year is aligned to Lakshya, our five-year strategy, and I will 
take you through the key elements of this during the call.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 32 
To begin with, let me share the financial performance for the year, 
followed by Q4. 
 
We closed FY2026 with a revenue of USD 4.76 billion, reflecting a growth 
of 6% in dollar terms and 5.3% in constant currency.  
Operating margins for the year stood at 15.4%, a 90 basis points 
improvement on a year-over-year basis.  
Adjusted PAT stood at Rs.5,379 Crores, up 17% year-over-year.  
The total order inflow stood at USD 6.6 billion, representing a 10.3% year-
over-year increase with a 300% increase in large deal wins, including six 
USD 100 million plus deals.  
In Q4, we reported revenues of USD 1.22 billion, delivering 1.2% 
sequential growth in both USD and constant currency terms. This 
translates to an 8.1% growth on a year-over-year basis.  
Operational EBIT margins came in at 15.1%, reflecting the impact of a 
partial wage hike. Vipul will elaborate further on this in his comments.  
Order inflow remains stable, closing at USD 1.7 billion. This marks our 
sixth consecutive quarter with inflows exceeding USD 1.5 billion.  
This quarter, we continue to win significant deals. Let me highlight a few:  
We were selected by the Central Board of Direct Taxes to modernize 
India's national direct tax analytics platform, enabling improved 
compliance monitoring, risk detection, and real-time insights.  
We were chosen by a leading European MedTech company for a multi-
year product development and support engagement. Leveraging our iNXT 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 32 
platform to support innovation, productivity, and scalable delivery across 
its digital and physical product ecosystem.  
We won an enterprise-wide engagement with a US-based global financial 
institution to drive AI-led reimagination and implementation of business 
processes as part of a broader operating model transformation.  
We were selected by a US-based global enterprise software provider as a 
strategic services partner to drive the AI-led digital transformation and AI-
driven platform enablement across its enterprise customer ecosystem.  
We were selected by a large US-based commercial P&C insurer to 
reimagine its HR and finance back-office workflows through agentic AI and 
automation, enhancing the stability and efficiency of its HR and 
administration platforms.  
These deals underscore our technology and domain expertise, scalable 
execution, and the trust our clients place in us. 
 
Let me now share updates on our vertical and geography performance.  
I am proud to share that four out of five business verticals achieved 
double-digit growth for the quarter compared to the same period last 
year, while three out of five business verticals recorded double-digit 
growth over the full year. This performance reflects the resilience of our 
portfolio in a dynamic macro environment.  
All numbers referenced next are for FY2026 growth in USD terms.  
BFSI reported a growth of 3.7%.  
Manufacturing and Resources reported a growth of 12.7%.  
Tech, Media, and Communication declined by 0.7%.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 32 
Consumer business experienced a growth of 13.2%.  
Healthcare, life science, and public services grew by 9.6%.  
From a geography perspective, the Americas grew by 4.0%. Europe by 
12.4% and the rest of the world by 11.6%.  
At the end of FY2026, the total headcount stood at 87,950, reflecting a 
net addition of 3,643 employees year-over-year. Total fresher additions 
for the year were 6,729. 
 
We continue to see consistent external validation of our capabilities by 
industry leaders and partners. This quarter, we received several 
recognitions. I will call out a few prominent ones:  
We were named NVIDIA Partner Network “Rising Star Consulting Partner 
of the Year” at NVIDIA GTC 2026.  
We were named ServiceNow “Transformation Partner of the Year 2026” 
for an enterprise HR service delivery transformation at a multinational 
aerospace and defense electronics corporation.  
We have been recognized by HFS as an enterprise innovator in the HFS 
Horizons Agentic Services 2026.  
We were recognized as a leader by the Everest Group in the “Software 
Product Engineering Services PEAK Matrix Assessment 2026”.  
We received four honors at The Economic Times Human Capital Awards 
2026 across various talent categories, including a gold for “AI in Talent 
Management”.  
We won the gold for Sales Operations Team of the Year at the 20th Annual 
Stevie Awards for Sales and Customer Service 2026.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 32 
Please refer to our fact sheet for a complete list of recognitions.  
This quarter, we made continuous progress in scaling our AI-centric 
ecosystem, strengthening partnerships and deepening client impact. 
 
Here are some of the highlights:  
We launched Skillet Weave, a skills marketplace for our AI agents and 
digital employees, with over 700 skills ready to deploy from day 1 and 
portable across copilots.  
We expanded our BlueVerse™ ecosystem with three purpose-built 
platforms, AgentIQ, AppIQ, and FusionIQ, - designed to help enterprises 
modernize applications, orchestrate AI-first software delivery, and 
engineer quality at scale.  
We have partnered with Salesforce to co-create BlueVerse™ M.A.X an 
agentic marketing execution solution built on Agentforce and Salesforce 
Marketing Cloud, helping clients unlock higher marketing effectiveness.  
We have partnered with Uniphore to drive AI outcomes across global 
enterprise operations for FP&A, contact centers, contract intelligence, 
outbound logistics, and workforce transformation.  
We partnered with Indian Institute of Creative Technologies (IICT), IIT 
Kharagpur, and MIT to design deep dive training programs for our 
workforce to enhance skills in AI and related technologies.  
We were granted four new patents across AI-generated insights from 
visual analytics, intelligent configuration of data engines, AI-driven 
resiliency testing for applications, and predictive modeling for product 
returns. 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 32 
 
I also want to highlight some AI-led outcomes we delivered for our clients 
in this quarter:  
We built an enterprise-scale AI platform and deployed intelligent agents 
for one of the world's largest automobile companies across their legal, 
manufacturing, operations, and procurement functions through our 
BlueVerse™ Foundry.  
We set up an enterprise-wide AI automation center of excellence for a 
leading manufacturer of water management products, enabling AI-
infused, touchless processing across their sales, finance, and procurement 
operations and reducing cycle times by 40%.  
We unified a fragmented HR system across 70-plus countries for a leading 
global aerospace and defense manufacturer, delivering a 62% reduction in 
service requests. 
 
I will now share key highlights of Lakshya’31, our five-year strategy 
framework.  
As enterprises adopt AI at scale and demand real outcomes, the work is 
shifting from standalone technology execution to integrated domain-led 
problem solving. The opportunity ahead is materially larger than the ones 
we have historically operated in.  
This is where I believe LTM truly sets itself apart. When every company 
has access to the same models and same tools, the differentiator is no 
longer in the intelligence itself. It is the depth of domain understanding 
and the creativity to apply intelligence in ways that fundamentally 
reimagine how businesses work and create value.  
This is the domain tech convergence opportunity. At LTM, we call this 
Business Creativity. It is the axis around which our entire strategy is built 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
and forms the basis for our new identity: LTM - the Business Creativity 
Partner.  
This is more than a new name. It is a mindset shift from a technology-first 
organization to a business creativity partner that brings together the very 
best of human insight and intelligent system.  
Lakshya’31 translates this strategic shift into a structured execution 
framework. Our strategy is anchored in an AI-led foundation built on 
future-ready talent, reimagined delivery, and structurally improved 
productivity. A key enabler for this foundation is our transition from a 
traditional delivery pyramid to a skill-based role-driven workforce model 
designed to strengthen innovation while maintaining contextual relevance 
at scale.  
Building on this foundation, we are executing across three focused AI 
pivots. 
 
The first is domain technology convergence, embedding industry 
knowledge into digital engineering and AI-led solutions to deliver 
business-relevant outcomes.  
The second is reimagined capabilities, structured through three 
integrated lines of business.  
iRun focuses on AI-enabled platformised technology operation, 
structurally reducing the cost of running the enterprise through 
automation and intelligent orchestration.  
iTransform drives enterprise-wide modernization of platforms, data, and 
digital capabilities, a critical step that makes client environments AI ready.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 32 
Business AI is our new key growth engine. This is where we apply 
responsible, domain-led AI to reimagine business processes and create 
new roads to value.  
Our BlueVerse™ ecosystem powers these three lines of business, bringing 
together agentic operations and a shared knowledge fabric across the 
technology and business services.  
The third pivot is reimagined partner ecosystem, focused on deepening 
relationships with hyperscalers and expanding engagement with our new 
age AI and domain-specific platforms to accelerate the translation of ideas 
into impact. 
 
Finally, our markets approach, we are deepening our presence in US, 
scaling across Europe and making focused bets in select emerging 
markets. Across our segments, we are building a more balanced portfolio 
in mega verticals while diversifying into high-potential micro-verticals. 
 As part of this, we will consolidate our reporting under four business 
segments starting Q1 FY2027. These segments include banking, financial 
services, and insurance; Technology, media, and communication; 
Production; and Consumer.  
Together these elements constitute a coherent strategy that positions 
LTM to lead in the enterprise agentic era and to continue to deliver 
greater value for our customers.  
Starting FY2027, we have launched a new program called ‘New Horizons’, 
to govern the strategy execution. The program will have four tracks to 
help us reimagine new horizons for growth, new horizons for competency 
and capabilities, new horizons to drive operational efficiency and to scale 
our AI pivot.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
With that, I will hand over to Vipul for financial updates. 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thank you, Venu. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining the call.  
Let me now walk you through the financial highlights for the fourth 
quarter and the financial year 2026, starting with our revenue 
performance.  
We ended fiscal year 2026 with revenue of USD 4.76 billion, registering a 
growth of 6% in dollar terms and 5.3% in constant currency terms.  
EBIT margin for FY2026 was 15.4% compared to 14.5% in FY2025.  
Reported PAT margin was at 11.8% compared to 12.1% in FY2025, while 
the absolute reported PAT for the full year was Rs.4,983 Crores, an 
increase of 8.3% over FY2025. The reported PAT includes an exceptional 
item in both Q3 and Q4, on account of change in the labor code. PAT 
margin, excluding the exceptional item in PAT, was at 12.7% for FY2026.  
The operating cash flow to PAT was at 96.3% and the free cash flow to 
PAT ratio stood at 78.1% for FY2026.  
We closed the year with an all-time high cash and investment balance of 
USD dollars 1.63 billion, or Rs.15,445 Crores, up from Rs.13,346 Crores in 
FY2025.  
Return on equity was at 21.3%. 
 
For the fourth quarter of FY2026, revenue stood at USD 1.22 billion, 
reflecting a growth of 1.2% quarter-on-quarter and 8.1% year on year in 
dollar terms. The corresponding constant currency growth was 1.2% 
quarter on quarter and 7% year-on-year. The revenue in rupee term stood 
at Rs.11,292 Crores, which is a growth of 4.7% quarter-on-quarter and 
15.6% year-on-year.  

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 32 
Q4 operating EBIT margin declined by 100-basis points sequentially to 
15.1%. The decline was primarily on account of partial wage hikes 
implemented from 1st January and due to productivity commitments, we 
have made in key accounts offset by the Forex benefit.  
Adjusted profit after tax for the quarter stood at Rs.1,341 Crores and PAT 
including the exceptional item, stood at Rs.1,387 Crores.  
The effective tax rate for the quarter was 26.3% compared with 26.5% in 
Q3.  
Basic EPS excluding the one-time impact of exceptional item, was Rs.45.4 
for the quarter as compared to Rs.47.7 in Q3 FY2026. 
 
Our total DSO for Q4 stood at 84 days versus 85 days last quarter.  
Return on capital employed for the quarter was at 29.2% against 29% last 
quarter.  
As of 31st March 2026, our cash flow hedges stood at USD 3.86 billion and 
hedges on the balance sheet were USD 421 million.  
Our utilization, excluding trainees, stood at 85.7% for the quarter, 
compared to 86.9% in Q3.  
For the quarter, our trailing 12-month attrition improved to 13.3% 
compared to 13.8% in Q3.  
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of Rs.53 per 
share subject to shareholders approval, taking our overall dividend for the 
full financial year to Rs.75 per share.  
On the ESG front, we were placed in the top 5% of over 200,000 
companies assessed globally under the Achilles ESG framework, achieving 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 32 
an overall ESG score of 82 out of 100, significantly above the average 
score of 56, earning the highest grade of “Excellent”.  
Further, we ranked among the top three companies in the IT and digital 
services sector and top 15 across sectors in Business World India's most 
sustainable companies rankings 2025, among 200 evaluated companies.  
I now hand it back to Venu for the business outlook. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vipul. As we step into FY2027, we see continued demand for 
AI-led transformation and remain well positioned to sustain our growth 
momentum. We are confident in our ability to execute, supported by 
strong pipeline and differentiated capabilities.  
Lastly, I take this opportunity to invite all of you to LTM's Investor Day on 
3rd June, 2026 in Mumbai. Vikas and his team will share the invites with all 
the event details in due course. I look forward to seeing you there.  
Thank you. With that, we can open the line for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the 
question-and-answer session. We invite Mr. Sulabh Govila from Morgan 
Stanley to go ahead with your questions. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on client behavior. I 
am just trying to better understand how clients are thinking. So given that 
there is a gap in the pace of technology change versus the pace of 
enterprise adoption, which is probably dependent on how ready a 
particular client is, So if you were to break down your portfolio by the kind 
of enterprise that we are catering to, so the ones that were better 
prepared for this change as of today, how are they comfortable signing 
longer term contracts today, given this pace of change? And is there any 
change in the way contracts are being structured today to give them more 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 32 
comfort, Example, the kind of savings which are promised after year one. 
And the part B is that the ones who are not, how long do you think it will 
take them to get there? 
Venu Lambu: 
Sulabh Thank you. There are multiple sections that needs to be covered in 
your questions. Firstly, if you look at the contracts related to the core IT 
services, whether it is to build systems or run systems or the systems 
which has a predictability scope and been associated with them for many 
years. Those contracts are still long-term contracts, right? We are still 
signing a deal with three years, five-year, contract terms. Then you have 
the second category of contracts, which are related to modernizing 
systems, whether it is modernizing data, modernizing infrastructure, 
modernizing applications, etc? They are pretty much funded through a 
discretionary spend category within the budget. And they always happen 
to be for the duration of that particular project. And that has not 
changed.. Now you have the third new category, which is what we are all 
after, is the spend related to the AI adoption. The spend related to 
reimagining the business process and increase the AI adoption. And that 
category of spend, happens to start as a project-related spend and then it 
gets structured into a long-term operations kind of a construct. 
Considering that various customers are in a different degree of maturity, I 
would say FY2027 would be the year where you will see an acceleration of 
that particular category of spend, where there will be much larger, 
adoption of AI that will happen specifically in the business operations area 
as we go along. And that will shape up also how the contracts will be 
structured. But to begin with, it will be for the project duration or a period 
of time and as the scale increases, it becomes a longer term contract. I 
hope I sort of answered that question across the three broad categories. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Thanks for that comprehensive answer. And my second question is, in the 
last two years, we have increased the mix of longer-term contracts in the 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
business mix. And for the deals that were signed in the last two to three 
years, are these contracts coming up for renewals sooner than they were 
signed earlier? And if not, do you see that as a risk? How are we 
mitigating that risk, going forward? 
Venu Lambu: 
I look this not as a contract, I look at these as relationships, Because 
contract is a very transactional perspective when we are dealing with 
clients. And these are the clients where we have relationship which spans 
more than a decade, and some of them for more than two decades. So if 
the relationships need to take a different shape because the contract 
needs to get restructured, then, there has to be a certain trigger point. So 
I do not see any trigger point, which is very trend in nature that I can call 
out to say, okay, it is happening early. The trigger point usually happens to 
be, at the point of renewal or the trigger point could be, okay, there is a 
new technology modernization program happening. Hence, you need to 
revisit the scope of the contract that we have. So, if these triggers come in 
and these triggers were something similar to what is to happen earlier as 
well. So I do not see any specific trend that I notice in our relationships 
with our customers where the contracts are getting negotiated earlier 
than what their timelines were. What they would do though is that they 
will ask for, better innovation on the existing contracts, on the existing 
scope, better productivity, better innovation of AI infusion on the existing 
book of business. Those conversations are happening and those things we 
are delivering  as well. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. So just as a follow up, the trigger point in my thought 
process could be, the competition pushing for incremental savings to 
clients, given that the lack of growth and they are coming up with 
innovative solutions. So that can be a trigger point from that point of 
view? 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 32 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, if the trigger point is a competitive force, we will deal with it. As I 
said, these are relationships. These are long-term relationships. We have 
a better context, better domain. And I can only tell from a statistic 
standpoint, we have won more of the competition renewals than we have 
lost our contracts. Most of the large deals that we announced all of this 
year has been the renewal of someone else that we picked up as ours. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. Just last one, if I can squeeze in. So from an FY2027 
perspective, some of the peers who have already reported results, it 
seems like there is a lack of acceleration going into FY2027 versus FY2026. 
From your own perspective, do you think what we thought of earlier 
which is, doing better in FY2027 versus FY2026, that still stands or there is 
a change to that thought process? 
Venu Lambu: 
I think as I covered in my final closing commentary that we are confident 
to continue the growth momentum that we have. If you look at it this 
quarter, we delivered 8.1% year-on-year for the corresponding quarter. I 
was directionally indicating this percentage sometime back as well to 
some of you. I am pretty much over there. And I feel confident that we 
will continue to keep the growth momentum for the full year, right? There 
may be quarter here and there because of certain macroeconomic things 
or the things that might happen within the three months period of a 
quarter. You might see some softness in a particular quarter and so on. 
But when I sit here and look at the full year outlook, I see no reason than 
to believe that we will continue the same growth momentum that we 
have built in the entire FY2026 that will flow into FY2027. 
Sulabh Govila: 
Understood. Thanks for answering all my questions and wish you all the 
best. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Sulabh. 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
Moderator: 
We invite our next participant that is Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Venu, two-part questions 
from my side, and then I will have one follow-up for Vipul. So, Venu, in 
this quarter, we saw a sharp decline in the BFSI business and also in the 
top 5, 10, and 20 bucket. I am assuming that is because of the top client in 
the BFSI account that was kind of known that would happen in this 
quarter. So are the other basically parts of the BFSI business intact? And 
how are you seeing the BFSI vertical overall from the FY2027 perspective? 
And the second part of that question is, you mentioned in the last 
quarterly call that four of the top five accounts have kind of stabilized. 
And they should report growth. I think we saw good growth in the high-
tech segment, which is kind of a testament to that. So from Q1, can we 
expect the entire top five bucket to start contributing towards growth? 
And hence, in FY2027, the top five bucket to be a growth booster rather 
than a dragger that it was in FY2026. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Vibhor, for the questions. Firstly, if you look at outside of top 
five, we had a double-digit growth, right? And if you look at, four out of 
five market segments for this particular quarter had achieved the double-
digit growth, right? So, we had a very healthy performance. Now, coming 
to the BFSI, part of it, I think I had indicated it in the last earnings call as 
well that this is the quarter where I am really going to push it for that 
number to be bottomed out. So that we can push the productivity benefit 
accelerator and get it done. I believe we have done that. And that is why 
you see slightly more decline than what you and me would have 
anticipated. But in my view, in some way, it is good to get that done 
because you can look forward as you go along. So in Q1 onwards, I would 
expect the growth trajectory will begin for that particular account. It is 
just that the recovery acceleration will not match the speed of the 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 32 
decline, deceleration that happened. So the speed at which it reduced 
versus the speed at which it will climb, not necessarily is going to be the 
same. So I just want to set that part of the expectation. But throughout 
the year, as we go along, I expect that we will end up with a nice way on 
that particular account. And again, outside of the top account, we have 
grown double digit in FY2026. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Right and the BFSI vertical also looks good outside of the top account? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes even if you look at the whole year performance of 3.7% for the full 
year, in spite of having a decline in that category of that account that you 
are highlighting, we still grew, right? So that means the business outside 
of the top account is doing very well, right? So if I did not have this 
productivity journey going through in the top account, we probably would 
have delivered much more. But yes, it is what it is. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thank you so much for that detailed answer. Quick question for 
Vipul. Vipul, we had a very strong margin performance this year, right up 
till Q3. And of course, Q4, we had the wage hike which impacted the 
margins. Having reached 16.1% margins in Q3, where do we see ourselves 
going over the next, let us say, one year or two years? Do you believe 
that, 16% is kind of the levels at which we will kind of settle down and any 
benefit post that, we will reinvest back into the business? Or are we 
looking to expand that to probably reach somewhere in the range of 17% 
to 18%, which we used to be, let us say, before the merger happened? 
Vipul Chandra: 
Thanks Vibhor. I think on the margin front, while I would not like to give a 
specific number as guidance in terms of what we are targeting, but the 
focus is very clearly to continue to work on cost optimizations and 
efficiencies. And as Venu mentioned in his opening remarks, the New 
Horizons program is having four pillars and one of those is operating 
efficiencies, so we are going to continue to focus on that. And at the same 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 32 
time, we are going to continue to focus on the growth side as well, 
because the remaining three pillars are going to be focused on growth as 
well as driving our AI strategy further. So overall, we are taking an 
approach which kind of looks at this balanced growth over the next few 
years as a part of our Lakshya plan as well. But yes, as a part of that 
journey, we are looking to expand margins further and we are working on 
that continuously. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Prateek Maheshwari of HSBC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Maheshwari: Hi Venu. Thank you for the opportunity. I have had some questions on the 
Lakshya strategy. So, Venu, I remember that you at one point had 
explained that it is important for the business to kind of de-risk from the 
top accounts and kind of expand into, expand the verticals which are 
manufacturing consumer healthcare, right? And generally, what we have 
seen is that companies they actually add verticals to kind of become more 
laser focused and try to grow them, right? In this case what we are seeing 
is that you guys have actually subsumed the vertical into one and your 
BFSI and tech and media remains right so just wanted to understand on 
how are you taking on this and I will ask my follow-up later. 
Venu Lambu: 
I do not know, there is some confusion. Look, the BFSI market segment is 
exactly the same market segment that was there. We will continue to 
report it. That is one of our biggest market segments. So there is 
absolutely no change on that. Same thing with regard to the technology, 
media, and communication reporting, the same reporting that will 
continue over there. What we used to call it as manufacturing and 
resources, I am just putting it as production now because it includes the 
manufacturing and energy and utility business, which is doing pretty well 
for us. So we are putting that under a new market segment name called 
Production. And, the Healthcare Life Science is an emerging vertical for us 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 32 
and that is the vertical which we have merged into the Consumer business 
reporting. So from a five, we start going into the four market segment 
report right. But the strategy is very clear. The strategy is doubling down 
our big verticals, which is BFSI, tech vertical. We want to grow much faster 
there. Absolutely, yes. And that is very core to our Lakshya strategy. At 
the same time, we want to grow much faster in the emerging verticals 
and in the other market segments like Consumer and Production 
Americas as well. And finally, I would say on the regional markets as well, 
while US is our biggest market and we want to grow faster over there, but 
we also want to grow Europe faster than Americas. And you saw that this 
year, Europe grew by 12% plus and America's was 4% and you can expect 
the same trend to continue and that is the aspirations we have. So it is a 
strategy of focusing on the core that we have, making sure that we double 
down  on our focus on core. At the same time, make sure that the white 
space that exists in the marketplace, as an example, Europe as a market, 
or within Americas, if you look - the things that we can double down in 
the consumer market segment is a big white space for us. So, this is what 
we want to focus on. So that is how I put the summary, Prateek. It is 
about retaining the core, doubling down the core, at the same time 
looking at the white space. 
Prateek Maheshwari: Thanks, Venu. I understand that. The other question, Venu, was that your 
sister concern had the same. They had also shared their Lakshya strategy 
and also told about the growth rate expectation for the next five years. Do 
you also have a quantified expectation for next five years or probably for 
a next one year perspective as well? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, absolutely. I am looking at doubling down the revenue in five years. 
Prateek Maheshwari: Okay. 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Sandeep Shah of Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand the growth 
momentum to continue in FY2027. Are you talking about the momentum, 
which we have seen at 8% in Q4 to continue or 5% in FY2026 to continue 
in FY2027? 
Venu Lambu: 
Sandeep, it is a good question. But as you would know that we do not give 
any specific guidance number. So I do not want to fall into that. Instead, I 
would say that whether it is 6% or 8%, we are looking to be at an industry 
leading growth, continue our growth momentum for the full year, I think 
we are very well positioned for that, not just based on where we are 
exiting in Q4, but it is also based on the strategy that is in execution 
already, right? One year of strategy execution has worked out very well 
for us. We have detailed that for the next five years. So with that, we will 
navigate all the challenges that come, which are beyond our control. But 
as far as our belief and confidence goes based on the momentum we see 
with our clients and relationships, I am confident that we will continue 
our growth momentum for the full year of FY2027. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. And just wanted to understand, Venu, you have two top clients 
which still contributes materially to the consol numbers. So in that 
scenario, you believe their slow growth pace to some extent could be a 
hurdle in terms of growing the topline in the coming years and then 
Lakshya as a vision? Or you believe that should not be the hurdle going 
forward to achieve the growth rates better than the earlier year? 
Venu Lambu: 
From a business potential standpoint, these are mega accounts, right? So 
their ability to adopt new technology and their plans are very grand plans. 
So obviously I want to take more wallet share in those big accounts 
because the plans are grand, the potential is grand. You saw that in one of 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 32 
our tech account, after we passed through the productivity phase, we 
have actually grown in the later part of this year, and that is reflected 
when you look at our top five account numbers. And, I am sort of 
expecting the same thing to happen in the BFSI top client as we go along. 
So that is with regard to how we look at these two accounts. These are 
deep relationships, strategic relationship. They have grand plans on how 
they want to transform from an AI perspective and we want to be part of 
it. Now, when it comes to the concentration risk, look, I think, in my view, 
if you look at the fact that we have grown in other verticals at a much 
higher rate, we are on that journey. And the concentration risk will get 
addressed by not doing less business with others, but actually doing more 
business with, those white spaces that are there. So that is our strategy. 
So, we will continue to focus on the balance portfolio. And you will see 
that our portfolio has got much more balance than what it used to be 
before when you look at the top two clients' concentration risk. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And last question, the six large deals above 100 million dollar, can you 
update on the progress of ramp-up, which has been done in FY2026 and 
will it have an incremental upside in FY2027? 
Venu Lambu: 
I think three or four deals we announced in the first half of the year. I 
think up to beginning of Q3. So those deals, have done the transition 
phase and some of them are still undergoing transition phase. And the 
deal that we announced, which is the CBDT deal in India, will go through a 
slightly longer transition period because it has a dependency on certain 
hardware delivery and all that. There is, as you know, the hardware 
delivery timelines in the current times are much more extended and so 
on. So I expect the last deal of CBDT, which we announced, will actually 
have a much more extended transition timeline before we see the ramp 
up happen. But the deals we announced in the beginning of the year, the 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 32 
two big deals that we announced one after the other, those ramp ups are 
happening. They are almost at the final stages of transition phase. 
Sandeep Shah: 
 Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Sumeet Jain from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Thanks, Venu. So just want to drill down on 
the Lakshya five-year strategy. You are guiding for a doubling of revenues 
in five years. So can I ask like what kind of advancements in the AI tools 
are you building in this five-year journey? And versus the compression in 
the base business, maybe because of productivity pass through, how are 
you building in the new AI-led transformation revenues? That is one. And 
secondly, I do not see any partnership being announced by LTM with 
either OpenAI or Anthropic. So is it like even without these partnerships, 
you are taking these solutions to the client? So can you throw some light 
into it? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, sure, Sumeet. Look, first, I will go with the second question quickly, 
and then I will come back to the first one. Look, in terms of developing the 
skills on the hyperscaler AI, if I may call them, the new AI hyperscalers of 
Anthropic and OpenAI, we have actually established the center of 
excellence. If you look at it, our relationship with Microsoft is very 
strategic. So we are working with them on the copilot usage. In fact, we 
announced, a partnership on Copilot and GitHub partnership with 
Microsoft. And, almost 70% of our developers are already on the GitHub 
platforms and so on. Second is we have in fact established a CoE, as I 
mentioned, on the Claude of Anthropic and the OpenAI and also NVIDIA. 
We announced the NVIDIA partnership. In fact, got the award from 
NVIDIA on that, right? So I think that is part of the thing. We are already in 
the journey. We have not gone in the public and announcing it, but the 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 32 
action has already started on that. And we have trained more than 1,000 
of our engineers on Claude skills, as an example more than 30,000 of 
developers are trained on the GitHub, Copilot and so on. So that part of 
the thing is going on very well. We also announced the partnerships on 
the skilling, right, which I covered in the commentary, IICT, IIT Kharagpur. 
We partnered with MIT. All these announcements we announced, we did 
this in this quarter. So the training part is going pretty well on that. 
 
Then I will go back to the first question of yours, which would address in 
some way even the second question. Look, the opportunity in AI revenue 
is - I sort of summarize it under three Cs. The first one is the context. The 
intelligence is fairly a commodity. You can access the best of the 
intelligence by paying $20 a month subscription fee. So, basic intelligence 
is fairly a commodity now. The real premium is how you apply the 
intelligence into the right context, into the right domain. That is where I 
emphasize the Lakshya strategy of tech domain convergence. So that is 
the first C of helping our customers to apply the democratized and 
commoditized intelligence into the right context. That is the first 
opportunity that I see. And that is where we are developing, a deeper 
domain into our bigger verticals and all the verticals that we're focusing 
on. That is why we repositioned ourselves as business creativity partner to 
strengthen that contextual part of it, which is the first C. The second C 
part of it is the cost. It is one of the topics which is very less spoken about 
when we talk about AI adoption. It is somewhat believed that the 
technology of AI, the stack of AI, is a net positive business case in all 
scenarios. No, it is not. In some cases, it is not necessarily a net positive 
business scenario for customers. And that is where we are working with 
customers and we will continue to help customers in actually creating a 
positive business case on how AI technologies, the expenses involved in AI 
technologies and the services that get associated with it, how it becomes 
a net positive business case for a customer. That is the second thing. The 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 32 
total cost of ownership will be the discussion point more and more as we 
get into this year. Somewhere that topic has never been on the picture, 
but the TCO on AI adoption will come into the mainstream topic.  
 
The third one is the change management. As much as we think AI is a 
technology, it is not a plug-and-play technology. It involves a mindset 
change among the employees. It involves changing. I am talking about our 
customers employees, right? So we need to work with our clients in 
helping them in dealing with the change management within the 
organization. So the three C's that I spoke about, context, cost, and 
change management, are the cornerstone of our AI transformation. To do 
that, I spoke about talent transformation already. We covered the 
partnership strategy. I also spoke about the Skillet Weave, which is a skills 
marketplace we have created for agentic thing. And of course, we have a 
BlueVerse™ ecosystem, that powers all this that we go along. And we 
realigned our service lines, our traditional service lines. We realigned 
under the three LOBs, iRun, iTransform and Business AI that will 
strengthen us as well. So that is how I put it in summary. But I will be 
happy to present a lot more in detail on 3rd June, when we all meet for the 
Investor Day. I hope so maybe you will find time to attend. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Surely, Venu, looking forward to it. And I think my other question is, if I 
look at the overall macro in US, it definitely looks better than last year in 
terms of tariffs, largely in the base and manufacturing to some extent 
reviving. The banks in US, Europe are continuing to do well with the 
trading revenues around the whole market volatility. And then for your 
own business, I can see the order book is pretty strong. The exit rate this 
year is better than last year plus your top account in BFSI is already 
bottomed out. I do not know how much visibility you have. It will start 
ramping up from next quarter onwards. But what stops you to give a 
guidance of growth next year better than FY2026? 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 32 
Venu Lambu: 
One is as a practice, We never give guidance, right. And, and I also urge 
that, when we are dealing through a very strategic shift in the industry on 
having AI transformation model, having the confidence to deliver growth 
is what I want you to value it on right. Because, when we talk about 
strategic transition shift in the industry, we are trying to work on two 
tracks. We need to transform and we still need to perform. It is not 
sequential in nature. We cannot come back and say that, okay, we will 
transform and then we will deliver the performance. It is about delivering 
performance while we are transforming, . So hence, I want to focus a lot 
on delivering performance while transforming, then getting caught in any 
specific number guidance. But I can assure you that, the entire 
management confidence level for the full year growth is still positive. 
There may be one or two quarters where we will go through, a sort of 
softness because of some recovery in some of the top account that I 
mentioned may not happen at the speed at which the deceleration 
happened. Bearing that, I am optimistic. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. And maybe if I can probe just last question, in your top BFSI 
account for the last three, four years, we have been forecasting that it has 
bottomed out and it will start growing. And at the parent level, their focus 
is to give more business to their GCC in India. So now what gives you 
confidence that this has bottomed out? 
Venu Lambu: 
Look, I do not know, not two years. In fact, last year we grew much, much 
higher. I do not remember the percentage of the hand, but we grew, you 
know, the top account significantly higher. The AI productivity journey 
started in Q3. In fact, in the later part of Q2, went up in Q3. And I said that 
in the Q3 earnings call, the plan was to go for another four months, but 
we wanted to squeeze it in three months. And that is why I said we want 
to make sure that it bottoms out. And from there onwards we look at 
recovery plan that we are working on. So, most of the banks have GCC. So 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 32 
it is not just one or two account. Everybody has GCC. But the area that we 
work is very complementary to the GCC. So hence, I do not think we ever 
said told about this recovery last year before or something, because we 
have always been growing in that account, the AI productivity topic is a 
topic that started at FY2026 because that is when the clients started 
making plans and we started working with them. 
Sumeet Jain: 
Got it. Thanks a lot for the detailed answers. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Ravi Menon of Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. Mr. Ravi Menon, could you please unmute your 
microphone and ask your question? 
Ravi Menon: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I appreciate that. You talked about how there 
is a lot of importance on domain to take advantage of AI. So does this 
mean that you are going to become competing a little bit more with the 
consulting providers? And what does that mean for your employee, the 
kind of people that you need to attract or you already have? How does 
the compensation change and how will the margins change? 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you, Ravi. It is a great question. In my view, you know, the domain 
skill has two dimensions, right? One is a contextual dimension. That 
means if I am supporting a CRM application for a retail industry, do I 
understand what the CRM context is for retail, right? I call it as a 
contextual attribute of a domain. The second is understanding the CRM in 
general for the retail industry and helping the retail companies to 
reimagine the CRM as an example. The second category is not what we 
are going to build on because the second category is what you can 
associate with some of the big four consulting firms. It is their strength 
and that is a pure play consulting play. We are looking at, when I talk 
about domain tech convergence, I am not talking domain in isolation. That 
is why I phrase the word called domain tech convergence. The domain 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
tech convergence is about having an understanding of the technology in 
the context of the domain for which we are doing implementation. That is 
the skill set that already exists within our businesses. We do that in all of 
our verticals, the kind of work we do, we already know what does it mean 
to manage CRM processes for retail customers using Salesforce as an 
example, because our Salesforce team learned. That is a skill we want to 
get better and better with time because most of the agentic 
implementation will happen on those platforms. And we understand the 
platform, we understand the context. And as we start bringing this 
together in that understanding and implementing the agentic solutions, 
we will have more opportunity to win them. So that is how I look at it. I 
just want to make sure that you do not read this as trying to become a 
pure play consulting company. No, that is not what it is. There is a 
contextual part of the domain. 
Ravi Menon: 
And a follow-up to that, thinking about, say, helping the client reimagine 
some of these processes, do you think it is time to think about setting up a 
BPS segment, which can actually run these pre-imagined processes? 
Perhaps even supported by agentic. 
Venu Lambu: 
We do not call it as a BPS, but we incubated a new business unit called 
Business AI that I also mentioned in my Lakshya strategy, and that 
Business AI is already managing. For example, when we do the contact 
center, we are managing the contact center processes. We are managing 
that, but I still do not categorize them under BPS purely because BPS is 
built purely on running the process operations. So here we are talking the 
technology aspect of the solutions, and then the outcome of that is to run 
the business processes, whether they are horizontal or industry 
processes, in the convergence of human insights and intelligent systems. 
It is slightly a new business model, if I may say. Hence, I am sort of 
resisting to classify it as a classic BPS. 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
Ravi Menon: 
All right. Thanks so much. Best of luck. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take our next question from Nitin Padmanabhan of 
Investec India. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Good evening. So the first is, the technology communications media 
vertical, it has  shown reasonable growth this quarter. In the last quarter, I 
think the commentary was that, expect a gradual recovery rather than a 
sharp rebound. So I am just looking for some context on what sort of delta 
this quarter and how should we sort of broadly think about it on a going 
forward basis? 
Venu Lambu: 
If you have recovered faster, you should not ask question Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Is it any specific large deal engagement, that is ramped up and one should 
not sort of think of extrapolating that. That is the question. 
Venu Lambu: 
I understand. On a serious note, I understand where you are coming from. 
Look, I think it is related to this faster ramp-up of a couple of SOWs than 
what we had envisaged. So that is sort of specifically the few programs in 
top account in that particular segment that you are referring to, especially 
related to cloud acceleration. We saw a bit of an uptick much faster than 
we anticipated. And that is the reason why we had a good recovery in Q4 
and thereby it actually led to, even the full year for that vertical came 
better than what we anticipated. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes, sure. And how should we think about it going forward considering 
these SOWs have already come through? Is the deal pipeline and the deal 
wins that are already in place which you think that sort of supports 
growth? Because last year has been weak. Last quarter was very strong. 
So how should we broadly think about it in terms of growth? Or if you 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
could at least give a sense in terms of if I just look at all the verticals put 
together, who do you think leads growth going into next year, going by 
what you already have in terms of wins and what sort of leads and what 
sort of lags? 
Venu Lambu: 
I do not want to pick up vertical ranking more here, but I still want to stick 
to the commentary that for the full year outlook, we are fairly confident 
of continuing our growth momentum. And with regard to the tech and 
media, vertical specifically, yes, we will continue to see the momentum in 
the short term as well. That is the best I could answer at this stage, Nitin. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. That helps. And just one last question. So in your overall five-year 
thought process of maybe growing 15% CAGR to double, how are you 
thinking about the inorganic piece of it? Is that a component there? And 
how are you thinking about what those pieces are to drive that 15%? 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, there is an element of inorganic also planned in that, right? But you 
know how it sort of works. I cannot guarantee the timeline for that 
inorganic, but yes, there is a part of inorganic was also baked in the plan 
that we are talking about doubling our revenue in five years has an 
inorganic component too. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Yes, I got that. What I was referring to is, are you looking at, there are a 
couple of types of acquisitions, right? So one is, are you looking at 
acquisitions wherein maybe you are looking to sort of pick higher growth 
areas? Or do you think there are opportunities, Because in the current 
context, there is a lot of vendor consolidation. So pieces that sort of 
increase the share within a certain customer or what are your priorities in 
terms of the kind of acquisitions you would look at is what I was trying 
 
to understand. 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
Venu Lambu: 
Yes, sure. Look, I think there is a capability part of the opportunities that 
comes out where having an access to a certain competency technology 
uses a bit of a jumpstart into the newer areas. So that is one category of 
companies. The second is there is still a lot of white space in the market, 
which may take a longer period to build things organically. For example, 
the sovereign solutions in the European market is going to become very 
big. So whether it is building the entire sovereign stack into the industries 
that we operate in, whether it is the manufacturing sectors or the banking 
sector. So that is another category where if there is any acquisition that 
comes our way which allows us to strengthen the sovereign solutions that 
most of the countries are going to accelerate the adoption of it, especially 
in the context of AI security, that is the second category. And the third 
one is about, it could be just a pure white space of clients that we do not 
have. For example, we do not work in aerospace, defense, automotive 
much in the European space as an example. So, if you get an opportunity 
in that area, we will seriously look into it. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: Perfect. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Venu Lambu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for 
today. On behalf of LTM Limited, that concludes today's conference. 
Thank you for joining us. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Safe Harbour 
Certain statements in this release concerning the future prospects are forward-looking statements. These statements, 
by their nature, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such 
forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements 
that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company. 

                                                                       LTM Limited, April 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 32 of 32 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes)  
Contact Information  
Investor Relations:  
Vikas Jadhav, Head - Investor Relations  
Email: Vikas.Jadhav2@ltm.com  
 
