 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited (formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) (CIN: L65922DL2005PLC136029)  
Corp. Off.  1st Floor, Tower 3A, DLF Corporate Greens, Sector-74A, Gurgaon, Narsinghpur, Haryana – 122 004, India. T. +91 1246048213 F. +91 1246048214 
Reg. Off. A-34, 2nd & 3rd Floor, Lajpat Nagar-II, New Delhi – 110 024, India. T. +91 1148147506 F. +91 1148147501 
Email. homeloans@sammaancapital.com Web. www.sammaancapital.com 
 
 
 
Date: May 23, 2026 
 
Scrip Code – 535789, 890192 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
SAMMAANCAP/EQ, SCLPP 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended – transcript of conference call –
financial results for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
We refer to our earlier intimation dated May 20, 2026, informing that the Company has 
uploaded the audio recording of the conference call hosted by it on May 20, 2026, on the 
financial results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026, on 
its website.  
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the transcript of the said 
conference call. The said transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the Company.  
 
Please take the aforesaid intimation on record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Sammaan Capital Limited  
(formerly known as Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Amit Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
CC:  
India International Exchange IFSC Limited (“India INX”) 
NSE IFSC Limited (“NSE IX”) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit 
Kumar Jain
Digitally signed by 
Amit Kumar Jain 
Date: 2026.05.23 
18:46:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Sammaan Capital Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAGAN BANGA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SAMMAAN CAPITAL 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PETER ABRAAM – CHIEF STRATEGY AND 
GROWTH OFFICER – INTERNATIONAL HOLDING 
COMPANY 
 
HER EXCELLENCY DALIA KHORSHID – CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AVALORA HOLDINGS 
 
MR. RAMNATH SHENOY – HEAD, ANALYTICS – 
SAMMAAN CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKUNJ JAIN – MUFG 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sammaan Capital Limited Q4 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Jain from MUFG. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Nikunj Jain: 
Thank you, Alrik. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you to the Q4 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call of Sammaan Capital Limited. To discuss the company's performance 
for the quarter, we are pleased to have with us Mr. Peter Abraam, Chief Strategy and Growth 
Officer, IHC; Her Excellency, Dalia Khorshid, CEO, Avalora Holdings; and Mr. Gagan Banga, 
MD and CEO, along with other members of the senior management team. 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the 
company's website. 
Now without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you. Good evening, and a warm welcome to Sammaan Capital's Quarter 4 and  Financial 
Year 2026 earnings release call. I'm Gagan Banga, Managing Director and CEO of Sammaan 
Capital. Thank you for joining us. And before we start, our most sincere apologies for the 30-
minute delay, which was for unavoidable reasons. 
This call marks a significant milestone taking you through our first earnings release since IHC's 
acquisition of a strategic stake in Sammaan Capital and the beginning of what would truly be a 
transformative chapter for this institution. 
Introducing the speakers, before we move into the results, I want to introduce our new promoters 
joining us on this call. Mr. Peter Abraam, Chief Strategy and Growth Officer of IHC. Peter will  
speak of IHC's global investment philosophy, India's extraordinary trajectory as a long-term 
investment destination and the strategic vision they bring to Sammaan. 
Her Excellency Dalia Khorshid, she is the CEO of Avalora Holding, the dedicated global 
banking platform within Judan Financial Holding, a subsidiary of IHC, established specifically 
to unify, expand and bring value creation to the group's financial services investments across 
emerging markets. Her excellency will walk us through the depth of diligence undertaken and 
the strategic ambitions we are all pursuing together. We are also joined by my other senior 
executive management of the company. 
Now I hand over the call to Peter to take this forward.  

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Peter Abraam: 
 Thank you, Gagan, and greetings to all. Let me tell you a little bit about IHC's vision for 
Sammaan in the Indian market. IHC is one of the world's largest investment companies with a 
diversified portfolio of 1,300 subsidiaries across 4 key sectors: technology, infrastructure, 
financial services and consumer. Our approach is centered on long-term value creation. We 
invest in businesses and sectors where we see strong fundamentals, clear strategic relevance and 
the ability to build sustainable growth over time. 
Today, IHC operates across more than 100 countries with investments and partnerships that 
reflect both global reach and long-term strategic ambition. As an organization, we focus on 
identifying opportunities where capital, operational discipline and long-term alignment can 
support transformation and scale. That is the approach we are bringing to Sammaan Capital. 
You would ask why Sammaan Capital. Our USD 1 billion investment in Sammaan represents 
an important milestone for IHC. It is our first promoter level investment in India and reflects our 
confidence in both the company and the broader Indian financial services sector. What stood out 
for us with Sammaan Capital was not only the platform itself, but the foundation that has already 
been built over many years. 
The company has had a long operating history and an established presence in the Indian lending 
market, supported by a nationwide branch network and deep local market understanding. 
Equally important is the experience of the management team. Over the years, they have 
navigated different market cycles and periods of significant change. We're continuing to 
maintain the operational platform and positioning the business for its next phase of growth. 
For us, the investment is not about short-term positioning. It's about supporting the long-term 
development of a financial institution with strong potential in one of the world's most dynamic 
markets. 
India is a strategic and long-term market and is probably one of the most important growth 
markets globally today. Its economic momentum, scale, demographic profile and ongoing 
structural reforms continue to create significant long-term opportunities across sectors. For IHC, 
India represents a market where we see strong alignment with our long-term investment strategy. 
We believe the country's financial services sector, in particular, will play a central role in 
supporting economic expansion, entrepreneurship and consumer growth over the coming 
decades. Our investment in Sammaan Capital reflects that broader conviction. This is not a 
stand-alone transaction. It is the beginning of a long-term relationship with the Indian market 
and with one of its established financial platforms. 
Our long-term conviction in Sammaan Capital Limited and the IHC has already invested 
substantial capital in India and across multiple sectors continues to see significant opportunity 
for long-term partnerships and growth. 
With Sammaan Capital, our objective is to support the company's next phase of development, 
both responsibly and sustainably, while working closely with management and stakeholders over 
the long term. We see this as a strategic partnership built on alignment, stability and shared 
ambition for the future. Thank you, Gagan. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you, Peter. And now may I request Her Excellency, Dalia, to also address all of us. 
Dalia Khorshid: 
Thank you, Gagan. Thank you, Peter. It's a pleasure to be here today with everyone. To continue 
to what Peter has elaborated from IHC's perspective. Now getting into the details and the deep 
dive of the financial services sector. Within IHC Group, the financial services sector is under 
the Judan setup, where Avalora being the consolidator of the non-banking FI and FI platforms 
within the group is the new setup that consolidates all of the group's activities from Asia, Middle 
East, Africa, Central Eastern Europe and Latin America. 
So from this perspective, Sammaan Capital comes and is in the core part of the investment 
strategy in Asia, as Peter has elaborated. And as everyone is aware, financial services is about 
people and systems. From this perspective, with Sammaan Capital's management team as well 
as with our systems, together, we create the financial hub and our investment in India. 
Our confidence is in the team during their evolution and their maneuvering during the past period 
together with the capital as well as the digital and the AI technology integration that is coming 
forward. This is going to be the NBFC platform where it is very strategic from an Asia platform 
perspective for the non-banking FI business within Avalora. 
The other important thing that we wanted to note is how have we been integrating and engaging 
ever since the acquisition. Ever since the acquisition, we've started to focus on our liability side 
and on our ratings. Every single local rating agency has been visited, has been worked on and 
have upgraded us. 
So this very quickly, and this represents the confidence of bringing in IHC coming in as the new 
promoter for Sammaan Capital with its institutional framework. So this is something that is 
important to point out and mention. 
We have been constantly engaged with all the rating agencies, and we view this as a meaningful 
external validation, reflecting the improved governance, strong institutional backing and the 
credible strategic outlook. Continuing to strengthen our ratings profile remains our priority. We 
are going to be working on it. And this is very important because it has a direct impact on our 
cost of funds and our lender relationships. 
What is also important is that from an AI and technology integration perspective, the application 
of our technology and our AI within Sammaan is part of the business and our DNA. It has already 
started, and it is actually going to impact both our front offerings as well as our operational 
efficiency. And therefore, this is going to come in our day-to-day business. The priorities are in 
our credit decision, in our customer experience, in our organizational productivity as well as our 
organizational efficiency. 
So this is another core part of focus that we are going to be focusing on. As part of the investment 
and our positioning Sammaan Capital is positioned in the market to come and to start operating 
and performing, although it is one of the India's largest NBFCs. However, we are working on it 
on an institutional transformation basis with respect to all the credit decisions, the operational 
decisions as well as the risk decisions, the governance and the compliance. So we are working 
with them. We are hands-on together from this perspective. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
So before I close, I want to make sure  that the strategic opportunity is well defined from our 
perspective. The execution capability is in place and the commitment from us to the business is 
long term and is there. So thank you, Gagan, and thank you, Peter. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you, Her Excellency, Dalia. Thank you, Peter, again. And now I will run all of you 
through the presentation deck, which has been e-mailed is on our website and is also uploaded 
on the stock exchanges. 
If we can please flip to Page number 4, which provides an update on the transaction. So 
Sammaan Capital is now a part of the IHC Group. The transaction stands closed with share 
allotment to IHC having been completed on 31st of March 2026. IHC's current equity ownership 
stands at 28.5%. IHC will own 43.5% of Sammaan after the warrant conversion, which has to 
happen within the next 18 months. 
IHC is the promoter and strategic shareholder of the company. Mr. Alwyn Crasta, Group CFO, 
has been appointed as Nominee Director on the Board on 15th of May. IHC has direct operating 
oversight through nominee directors and hereon via Board subcommittees. Sammaan Capital's 
operating teams are already directly engaging with the IHC Group experts across IT, artificial 
intelligence, risk management, credit development and finance. 
All in all, we've already received approximately INR5,652 crores or $592 million on issuance 
of equity shares and on the 25% upfront payment on warrants. The balance approximately 
INR3,200 crores or $335 million has to be received within the next 18 months on conversion of 
the warrants. 
It may have come to your attention that when our honorable Prime Minister visited UAE as a 
stop over to his visit to Europe, he and the King met, the press statement coming out of that 
event by the Ministry of External Affairs highlighted this investment. 
And subsequently, even today, Economic Times carries the statement of the UAE Minister of 
Foreign Trade, emphasizing priority of large private sector joint ventures and strategic 
investments between India and UAE in key sectors, where again, the investment in Sammaan 
has been highlighted. This, we believe, signals long-term commitment to India's financial sector 
of IHC and to Sammaan Capital's growth platform. 
Moving on to Slide number 9. IHC has become a strategic promoter and has committed USD 1 
billion. And obviously, that has happened after an elongated process of a very detailed financial 
and legal diligence. And that should give each of us, including management, all stakeholders, 
all shareholders, a tremendous amount of comfort. 
When  a reputed global institution with strong financial services expertise invests, it does not 
invest only as a mere financial investment. It's a shared conviction, and it will certainly 
accelerate the growth strategy of Sammaan Capital. 
IHC has experience of operating in multiple geographies. They have very superior risk 
management and governance practices. This will enable superior compliance, better asset 
quality, stronger Board-led governance, technology oversight and extremely important for 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
financial services. As Dalia rightly said, it's a people-based business, continuity and succession 
planning. 
The balance sheet has already been fortified for growth with this capital, which is also reflected 
in the rating upgrades, which have started unlocking lower borrowing costs. This, in due course, 
will help us continue to maintain a very well diversified and matched borrowing program. 
Lenders will obviously be comforted with the backstop provided by the promoter. Rating 
agencies have already gained confidence, lenders in due course would, and this accelerates the 
path to lower cost of funds. 
The lowest cost of funds is the journey towards which we are walking. That, coupled with 
various tech-led initiatives, which would be supported by the massive tech ecosystem of IHC, 
would accelerate the digital transformation to facilitate growth. It would improve our credit 
underwriting practices to reduce credit costs and improve our cost income efficiency. Each of 
these are significant strategic enablers and differentiators in our financial services business. 
We strongly believe that with this strong balance sheet, which is levered by debt, the lowest cost 
of debt funds, which will come our way as the ratings continue on an upward trajectory, will 
enable a capacity to tap both organic and inorganic growth opportunities in India in financial 
services. 
Now moving on to Slide 11. We built a fortress balance sheet. We have a 2-decade knowledge, 
and we are primed for growth. Now let me run you through where we stand today and what all 
have been the achievements thus far. 
We start with an opening AUM, which has a 0 gross and a 0 net NPA. No incremental net 
provisions are required in future with respect to this opening AUM of roughly INR53,160 crores. 
The provision buffers capture terminal credit costs. If I look back at the disbursements through 
which from rundown, this INR53,160 crores has emerged, the disbursements were to the tune of 
INR3.6 lakh crores, which has over the years run down. 
With all the provisions taken earlier as well as in quarter 4 fiscal '26, the annualized credit cost 
for this INR3.6 lakh crores disbursement adjusted for the rundown every year comes at 1.9% 
annualized credit cost which is fairly healthy and competitive. And from a long-term 
perspective, given that it is a terminal credit cost, gives us a very, very unique insight into how 
to provide for the disbursements that we do here on. 
It's a demonstrated book. The most important demonstration of the quality of a book is via cash 
flow. The opening AUM is cash flow tested and has serviced borrowings, which stood at 
INR1.35 lakh crores at the end of September '18, almost 8 years ago. Since then, the company 
and this book has managed to create business history of the highest ever deleveraging program 
in corporate India by servicing INR1.3 lakh crores on a net basis. 
All of this navigation has obviously created institutional knowledge. The management team has 
stood together. And now the management team has seen cycles, learned from our mistakes and 
most, most importantly, we know what not to do, which is the key to building any successful 
business. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Over the course of the last 4-5 years, we've also proven that the asset-light model can be scaled 
up. Over the last few years, we've disbursed as much as INR1.05 lakh crores or $11 billion and 
sold that down across 24 bank and non-bank relationships. Our asset-light model playbook is 
fully operational. 
What now happens is that the management bandwidth is freed to focus on growth, which results 
in us, though we are the largest multinational non-bank finance company in India, we retain the 
agility of a start-up. 
Moving on to Slide 12. We focus on residential housing finance. We provide loans to business 
owners. We provide loans for commercial real estate, project loans, plot loans, etc. And we also 
do a little bit of unsecured lending, both business and personal. All in all, the book stands at 
INR53,160 crores, which is the AUM. 
The chapter of the legacy book or the book itself stands firmly closed once and for all. The 
demonstrated collection efficiency with all of the credit costs is well north of 98%-99% in each 
of the product categories. Each of these product categories, we will continue to pursue. There is 
a funding strategy around each of them. 
As far as residential housing is concerned, the prime mass market home loans, which yield us 
8.5% to 10% would be more sourced with an idea to sell to banks. And the affordable portion of 
this book would be used to hold on our balance sheet, which should be yielding us 10% to 13%. 
Similarly, the business loans, the secured business loans to individuals, SMEs, corporates and 
the micro-LAP segment itself will also be split between the prime mass market loans, which 
yield us 9.5% to 11%, would be sourced to sell to banks and the affordable semi-urban and 
micro-LAP loans, which would be yielding us 11% to 13.5% would be sourced to hold. 
The CRE project loans,  would be done strictly on a co-originate model with credit funds in a 
pari-passu structure without any credit guarantee where our stake would be roughly 10% to 15% 
of the overall disbursements that we do. We would slowly invest in new products, some of which 
would be unsecured products. There would be other secured products which would be added. I 
would run you through the entire product suite in a couple of minutes. 
What is very important to note is that our current opening AUM will give us the financial 
flexibility via the ROA generates of approximately 1.6% to make all the investments which we 
need to do in tech, in the branch network and in enhancing the people network. 
As Dalia mentioned, IHC has been working with us with all the credit rating agencies. CRISIL 
upgraded us on 9th of April, CARE on 12th of May and ICRA earlier today. Just about 30 
minutes ago, we uploaded the upgrade information on the stock exchanges. As a result, within 
the first 50 days of the IHC investment, and this is the power of the investment to be noted, all 
3 domestic rating agencies have upgraded us. 
CRISIL and ICRA a notch each and CARE 2 notches. And we continue to remain very, very 
optimistic and confident of this rating trajectory remaining in the positive zone over the course 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
of the next few months as we continue to demonstrate, and this will apply to international rating 
agencies as well. 
The yield movement post the IHC announcement, while the market still absorbs these rating 
upgrades, our bonds have already domestically appreciated by about 100 basis points. So our 
cost of funds, if we had to, in theory, raise monies should hypothetically be happening 100 basis 
points lower between where we were prior to the announcement of IHC's acquisition, which is 
September 2025, to date, our international bonds have appreciated almost 250 basis points. 
International borrowings are a relatively smaller component of the overall borrowing mix. So 
the number to really track is the domestic borrowing program, which has improved by 100 basis 
points and should be moving in the direction of improving by at least 60 to 70 basis points more, 
especially now that all 3 rating agencies rate us at AA+. Thus, it is a consensus AA+ credit 
rating. 
Slide 14. IHC and its senior management across all of their investee companies believe a lot in 
the digital and AI transformation of each of these companies. We've been working with the 
relevant teams and a variety of their companies to also create AI adoption model and AI policy 
and AI integration. We built as many as 37 use cases. I'll take you through some big picture 
aspects that we are pursuing. 
The first is about enhancing customer experience and service responsiveness, which is vital to 
any sort of sustained growth. The AI tools, which are currently under either evaluation or 
implementation will improve our response quality, consistency and resolution while enabling a 
human-led relationship-driven experience, which is very, very important for a lender which has 
tremendous experience in dealing with the self-employed small business owner, SMEs, micro 
companies and so on, which all require significant amounts of handholding and would continue 
to remain an important segment of focus for the company. 
Cost-income ratios have to trend down. As I run you through the projections later, it is very, 
very important to ensure that the cost income ratio is below the 30% ballpark. And that cannot 
be achieved while one is pursuing strong growth, which is compounding steadily without great 
operational efficiency. So the other area of focus is to drive operational efficiency at scale. AI-
driven automation enhances consistency and scalability, creating greater operating leverage. 
As we pursue growth, having early warning signals and the appropriate risk management 
framework is important. We are putting in place all the analytical models, which will improve 
portfolio visibility and ensure proactive risk management. Irrespective of what we do, some 
loans would require collection efforts. 
Again, how to improve our efficiency and productivity there while personalizing every 
complaint, every customer and ensuring a customer-centric recovery program using bots and 
other such experiences is also being implemented. Fraud is an integral part of any business which 
deals with money. And therefore, we have to continuously strive for better fraud prevention. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Cybersecurity is a continuous risk. We have to become digitally resilient. We have to continue 
to evolve our fraud risks through the use of a variety of technology tools, which strengthen the 
trust, monitoring and the overall cybersecurity and operational resilience of the company. 
The overall governance model has to also be completely focused on AI, what happens in Board 
meetings, what is the outcome of Board meetings, how do directors oversee the management 
through the Board subcommittees. Today, all of that can be tracked via various AI tools, which 
read through minutes and put out red flags or action points. This is a key tool for continuous 
governance going forward. 
We've tried to also, on Slide 15, tangibilize some of these outcomes. We believe through all of 
this, our agent productivity, which is the people who are actually dealing with the borrowers 
every day, that productivity should go up by 30% our loan turnaround time on the secured 
mortgage side, which currently is about 5 to 7 days, should reduce to 2 to 3 days. 
The fraud detection rate as miniscule as it may be, will also meaningfully increase. And the cost-
income ratio, as I mentioned, would be in the ballpark of 26% by fiscal '30 through the various 
operational efficiencies that we are targeting to achieve. 
The financial year target is to expand our workforce to 20,000 people, have a branch network of 
1,600 branches and have over 15 products. We are not in any rush to hyper grow. We will 
continue to play on our strengths of the 3 to 4 products that I highlighted, which we have 
disbursed to the tune of INR3.6 lakh crores, run the whole cycle, have the unique experience of 
understanding terminal costs, etc. 
And then we will build on that via loans against securities and gold loans, again, both which are 
secured at this point in time. Gold loans especially requires a completely different type of a 
branch network. So we will focus on that. It requires a different type of assurance and oversight 
function. We will focus on that. And from fiscal '28, we will widen that to include a lot of other 
opportunities, which we envisage would continue to remain in the marketplace. 
The large products would be products that we are already doing or we will start doing in fiscal 
'27 and '28, and there would be additional opportunities which we have identified. All in all, we 
have to make sure that there is a lot of granularity in the book. The book is well diversified 
across many loan programs. 
Moving on to Slide 17, which is probably the most key slide from an analysis perspective. We 
intend to, through this year, disburse approximately INR30,000 crores. We are targeting a profit 
after tax this year of INR1,400 crores. Dividend payouts are key. We would have a steady 
dividend payout policy of at least 25%. We would be targeting 40%, which has been projected 
here. 
The net interest margin would start this year at 3.5% as we start to see the benefit of cost of 
funds. And as cost of funds declines by 150 basis points over the next 3 years, we would see just 
by that 150 basis points addition on our net interest margin, plus with the leverage, etc., the net 
interest margin should be touching a ballpark of 8%. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
The cost-to-income ratio should half from here. We are currently at about 50%. We are targeting 
to go down to 26%. The ROA will double year-on-year and thereon also increase 50%. We 
intend to target high-teen ROEs and be best-in-class in both ROA and ROE. The asset-light 
strategy remains key, but so does the balance sheet strategy. 
So we would focus on both the return on asset as well as we are introducing a new evaluation 
metric, return on managed assets, which are currently at 1.5%. As the scale improves, we will 
get to about 3%. 
The branch network would grow fivefold. The employee network from here would also grow 
fivefold. By the end of this year itself, we will be 8,000 people and the borrower base would 
grow about tenfold. As a result of all of this, the book value per share, which is currently at about 
INR160 per share would increase to and go past INR200 per share. 
Most importantly, and I continue to highlight this fact that the well-buffered 0 net and gross 
NPA opening AUM, which is generating a 1.6% ROA, gives us a very unique position while we 
are a start-up NBFC with INR19,000 crores of net worth, we have the earning power coming 
out of this INR53,000 crores of assets under management. 
All of this growth  are good, healthy targets, but they would sustain and sustain over a period of 
time. If we have to ensure multi-decade compounding and steady best-in-class ROA and ROE, 
we have to responsibly grow while staying within the guardrails. On the portfolio mix, we would 
target 60% secured lending, 20% unsecured or semi-secured lending. So 80% of the book would 
always remain retail. 
The balance portion of the AUM with a minor stake on our balance sheet and the major with a 
variety of credit funds would be approximately 20%. On the balance sheet side, we have 
historically maintained a capital adequacy of north of 20%. We are starting with a capital 
adequacy of 20.2%. Pro forma for the warrants, we would be in the ballpark of 29%. So we have 
a lot of capital. 
But despite that, learning from the various cycles, we would cap our gearing at about 3.5x to 4x. 
We would continue to maintain liquidity principles, which would be higher of  6 months of 
repayments or 10% to 15% of borrowings. The asset-light model has been immensely useful. 
We have a lot of experience around that. It has been immensely profitable as well. And now we 
have integrated with a large number of banks. 
Across various products, the numbers would range to as high as 60% for prime home loans to 
probably 0 for some unsecured products. On an average, for the incremental disbursements that 
we do, we will have approximately 30% of the loans of the disbursals being done with a target 
of pursuing our asset-light strategy under co-lending or direct assignment arrangements. 
We would be back to dividend paying. We would have a policy which is at least 25% with the 
target going to about 40% of profits to be distributed as dividends. 
That brings me to an end as far as the financials, the strategy is concerned. I again thank Dalia 
and Peter for their time. And now the management team is open for questions. Thank you. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Varun Ahuja with BlackRock. Please go ahead. 
Varun Ahuja: 
Thanks so much for the results. A couple of questions. One is obviously a great outcome on the 
onshore agencies, from rating agencies, any thoughts or discussions with the offshore agencies? 
Any color on that would obviously be helpful given that you do have a fair amount of bonds in 
the offshore space. So that's one. 
 
Secondly, I noticed that your cost of funds, they are falling, but obviously, it's a slow kind of 
decline over the next few years in your business plan. Can I presume that, that's more because 
you can't do much liability management exercises and they are non-call fixed maturity nature of 
instruments and which is why they have to fall only when they mature? 
Gagan Banga: 
Yes, thank you, Varun. Thank you for sparing time to attend this call and thanks to BlackRock 
for being a true rock as far as the support to Sammaan is concerned, both on the debt and the 
equity side. We are, Varun, engaged with international credit rating agencies. Both Sammaan's 
management team, as well as IHC’s management team has had multiple meetings. 
 
And now that the financial results are out, our engagement would continue. And I would imagine 
that the positive rating trajectory that we have witnessed with our domestic rating agencies 
should get replicated with the international rating agencies as well. 
For them, a very important metric is the cost of funds. Approximately 90% of our borrowings 
happen onshore. And it is but logical that as an outcome of these upgrades, our marginal cost of 
funds would decline by approximately 160 basis points. I mentioned that our current return on 
asset is 160 basis points. 
So just as an outcome of this upgrade, our return on asset automatically doubles, very high-level 
math. So this would obviously go into whatever modeling international rating agencies would 
do. And I am fairly optimistic that given how our overall conduct has been, as well as now with 
such a strong promoter as IHC, much like the first 50 days have resulted in the domestic rating 
agencies upgrading, I would imagine the next 25 days would result in a similar action from 
international rating agencies. 
On the cost of funds, we have been extremely cautious. We have looked at all of our borrowings. 
And whatever is long-term maturity and most of our borrowings would be 3 to 4 years maturity, 
that stock would stay. We have a fair amount of borrowings from banks. We would like to 
negotiate with them. Let's see how it goes. We are a very attractive borrower from them, having 
repaid almost 80% of the loans which were given to us by banks on an absolute basis. 
So banks, like we have seen terminal credit costs on our portfolio. Banks have seen how money 
lent to Sammaan comes back. And that is obviously giving a lot of credit comfort to them. And 
that should result in possibly us being able to also negotiate our stock cost of borrowings as far 
as banks are concerned, which may accelerate the decline in the cost of funds. 
The bonds can't be negotiated, and they would also have a similar 3 to 4-year maturity. It's our 
incremental borrowings, which will come in at a lower cost. So the cost of funds in that slide is 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
a mathematical outcome of how we feel that this trajectory would go down. Today, AAA 
borrows at sub 7.5%. So as we move in that direction, our cost of funds have to move in that 
direction with a lag of a couple of years given the existing stock of fund borrowings. I hope I 
answered your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Renish from ICICI Bank. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just one thing,  I mean, we are aiming at touching AUM of 
INR2 trillion,  But our experience historically has been going through mortgage. Now to reach 
18% aspirational ROE, I'm sure we want to grow more in non-mortgage portfolios. So just on 
that, I mean, how we are thinking as a management to build some of these portfolios? 
 
And more importantly, who are going to drive these products because internally, our experience 
has always been on the mortgage side. So to build a non-mortgage book on a scale would 
obviously require different skill set, etc. So how we are thinking to build some of those portfolio? 
 
And as far as investment is concerned, you did mention about we'll be very focused on cost-to-
income bringing down. But just wanted to understand what will be the maths, right and when 
we are investing in building such portfolios, how we will manage cost, yes. 
Gagan Banga: 
So, just as a high-level reaction to that and I will then come down to specifics. As Dalia had 
mentioned, this is a people's business. We well recognize that. The management team here has 
managed and we personally have managed secured and unsecured loans, personal loans, 
commercial vehicle loans, loans against securities, all done at scale running into tens of 
thousands of crores. So these products are not new to us. 
What is a great enabler now is that tech allows you to control and continuously monitor the 
decisions being taken either by your system. So a lot of the unsecured lending actually happens 
on your app, which is a continuously learning process. And the second thing is we obviously 
have to invest in people. It is clearly not possible that I expect the mortgage team on the ground 
to now start doing personal loans or the personal loans team to start doing gold loans. 
The branch network has to be unique for gold loans. The personal loan business is more an 
outcome of how well is the experience as far as the app is concerned. And on top of all of this, 
the huge amount of profitability is also derived by how successfully are we able to sell other 
products. Like today, we very successfully sell insurance to over 90% of our borrowers. 
So that type of cross-sell, which is also not something which is trust on the borrower, but helps 
borrower manage their own risks is also very, very important. So, we would invest in people. 
We would invest in tech. What is going to enable this in terms of our ability to be probably as 
good or better than some other players. 
One is the fact that we are already starting when we start to grow towards a INR2 lakh crores 
book, we already have a profitable INR53,000 crores book, which is giving us earnings and 
steady earnings and is not giving us headaches. So whatever has been done has freed up, and it 
has been done very thoughtfully to ensure that the management bandwidth is fully dedicated to 
growth. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
The second part, which I would like to highlight and which probably underscores the overall 
strategy of Sammaan. In my personal experience, this business is not about asset management. 
This business is about liability management. This business is about, firstly, understanding that 
the real asset of this business or the real strength of this business comes out of the way that you 
manage liabilities. 
Liabilities could be having a very diversified portfolio from where you borrow in terms of both 
lenders, as well as the instruments that you utilize, as well as heading in the direction of the 
lowest cost of funds. It is known to our promoter. It is known to us that cost of funds is the most 
significant competitive advantage that we will have, which will enable all and every growth that 
we are taking up on ourselves and committing to all of you in the presentation that I made to you 
guys. 
This cost of funds is obviously supported by a strong promoter, but it has to be executed every 
day by the management. The most important thing is we don't try and do any cute stuff, which 
is why these guardrails have been built, liquidity principles have been built, capital principles 
have been built. All of this will ensure that we have a very stable liability franchise, which 
frankly is going to be the single biggest competitive advantage, which will continue to accrue to 
us over a period of time. 
I strongly believe in the India growth story. I strongly believe India is underserved. It may be a 
cliche, but I believe Bharat is more underserved. So as we go into Tier 4, 5, 6 cities, we would 
be presented with opportunities where the asset growth is almost endless. It is about being able 
to push the last mile credit. 
Nonbank finance companies, the well-governed nonbank finance companies have been able to 
grow by pushing the last mile credit. Our further learning is that we have to do this in 
collaboration with banks and not competing with banks, which would also allow us to pursue 
prime assets and continue to leverage on the partnership that we have built with banks. 
All in all, I believe between investing in people, investing in tech, ensuring consistently reducing 
cost of funds and having the guardrails, which will sustain the steady compounding, we will get 
to the INR2 lakh crores or the 18% ROE target or the NIM target, the ROA target, the cost to 
income target. Each of those would eventually result in the profit targets being met. 
Without a key focus on any of them, nothing will happen. But we are in no hurry, which is why 
voluntarily before anyone asking me this question, we said growth for this year and growth for 
next year would largely be via mortgages. They  are also higher ticket loans while we build 
capacity, reduce our cost of funds and build the other enabling factors. I hope your question is 
answered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Bhanu Chauhan with Barclays Bank. 
Bhanu Chauhan: 
 Congratulations to the IHC and Sammaan Capital teams on the successful completion of the 
transaction. I wanted to check, given the ambitious AUM growth targets outlined through FY 
'30, could you help elaborate on the execution road map as well? Specifically what proportion 
of growth is expected to come through the existing core segments versus the new product lines? 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Gagan Banga: 
Thanks, Bhanu, and thanks to Barclays as well to have supported us through this journey. The 
next couple of years,  which is fiscal '27, '28, 80% of the disbursals would be dedicated to 
existing products, which would continue to come down as the other products increase. By fiscal 
'30, we would probably be having 50% of the disbursals through mortgage-backed products and 
50% through other products. 
The direction in which we will head to irrespective of which product is how much of the overall 
proportion of disbursement has been articulated in guardrail number 1, which is that 80% of the 
disbursals would be retail, 60%  of the overall book would be secured and a large part of that 
would be mortgages. 
The other secured product that we see at scale operating is gold. So the mortgage products and 
the gold products would be the secured products and  unsecured business loans and unsecured 
personal loans would be the major drivers of the unsecured product. All in all, I think the 
mortgage products would give us the size. And the other products would help bring in the 
franchise by increasing the number of customers. 
And then as an Order 2 impact starts the cross-sell opportunity. Each of these activities have 
been thought through all in terms of people, branches, tech and the mid-office variety of other 
assurance functions and work is ongoing in all of that. We want to do it slowly yet steadily and 
which is why we've said the front-loading of the business growth would be from what we have 
already been doing, which can be done at much, much greater scale. 
I would like  to bring back  to everyone's attention that the quantum of disbursals that we are 
talking about in the year   year '29 is INR72,000 crores, which is roughly INR6,000 crores. In 
the calendar year '17, calendar year '18, we had disbursed INR50,000 crores. 
So we've already seen this kind of scale. The scale that we have to do this year and next year is 
something that we have done 8, 9, 10 years back. So we know how to handle the scale. And we 
have the experience of being able to navigate the new products, especially with all the tech-led 
enablement, which is available today. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh with Emkay Global Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question, I mean, around your business projections. 
Given that, I mean, yes, the rating upgrades will probably follow. But yet, I mean, if we look 
now, we are in a situation where we have, I mean, AAA rated, strong parent impact, so many, I 
mean, large NBFCs and well capitalized, many of them have excess capital as well. 
 
In this kind of a market competitive scenario, how do you see  I mean because this is very, very 
different than, I will say, say, 8, 10 years back to your Indiabulls scenario, again, that time you 
were AAA, but there were not so many AAA. Today, you have a large list of AAA, strong and 
large NBFCs. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
In that scenario, how do you see this competitive scenario playing out? Because your projections 
are not just growth, it is a massive increase or improvement in profitability. So that is my 
question one. 
 
Second, if I look again at the projections, I mean, the kind of the ROA, ROE numbers that have 
been talked and if I look at the cost to AUM or cost to income, that is something, I mean, not 
many NBFCs even at that scale have done. I mean there are very few and far. 
 
So what gives you sort of a confidence about these projections that, okay, this time you are going 
to achieve these numbers? And on that front, I mean, I guess there is some kind of error, I guess, 
in your FY '30 ROA projection because that's suddenly going to 8-odd percent. I think there 
something is odd there. Thanks. 
Gagan Banga: 
Sure. So I will certainly check on the FY '30 number. And if there is any correction, I will try 
and make that live here or update this presentation.   Yes, there is an error, and that number is 
4.4% in financial year '30. We will update the presentation and resend it to you or also update 
that  on the stock exchanges. Thanks for bringing that to our attention. 
So the ROA, just so that everyone is clear, fiscal year '27, we expect that to improve to 1.8%, 
fiscal '28 to 3.7%, fiscal '29 to 4.4% and in fiscal '30 also be at 4.4%. So we are targeting around 
4-plus percent ROA on a steady-state basis. You're right, there are now not many, a handful 
probably of AAA rated NBFCs. Several of them have emerged as AAA rated NBFCs in the very 
recent past. They have built this business from a relatively small scale over the last 6 to 7 years. 
So if we are to look at most of the conglomerate-backed NBFCs apart from one, they were of 
significantly smaller size to where we are right now. Some of these NBFCs are already adding 
and doing disbursals of the quantum that we are talking of 5 years later. And obviously, they 
don't control a very, very large market share. Nobody in a well-diversified financial system like 
India controls a very large market share. 
So there is a market to be taken. The front ending would happen via mortgages. We have a 
material hold on mortgages. And now with the asset-light strategy being more an enabler than a 
compulsory type of a strategy, our productivity almost instantly month-on-month. 
So between March and April, our productivity has gone up 2x. So that's the quantum of 
improvement that we are seeing. And we would disburse in the first quarter at least 50% to 60% 
more than what we disbursed in quarter 4. 
First quarter, all of you know, is a slower quarter. And then we will probably use that as a base 
and increase that by 30% to 40%. So all of these numbers are reasonably thought through. We've 
gone through days and days of discussion with the IHC team. These numbers are also getting 
consolidated at various levels. And therefore, they have gone through a reasonable degree of 
review from a doability perspective. 
From an opportunity perspective, very clearly, the play field is becoming larger and larger 
provided your cost of funds are lowering, which is why there is so much of an emphasis on credit 
ratings. The AA+ is just the first stop. AAA is the destination. We will get there much quicker 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
than what may be captured in these sheets. We are working very hard to ensure that we build 
that compulsive case. 
I'm sure, at least within my team, nobody was thinking that a AA+ would happen in the first 50 
days itself. In our projections, we had thought of this as a quarter 3 event, but we've achieved it 
in the first 50 days. 
So very clearly, the journey is towards AAA. The direction is upward. We have a strong 
promoter. We have a very, very strong operating team. And with that, we will get to AAA. Then 
it becomes a question whether there is opportunity in India to be able to disburse INR50,000 
crores next year, which is INR4,000 crores with other AAA players or 3, 4 other AA+ players. 
We strongly stand behind these disbursals, these yields. And the cost/income ratio is obviously 
going to be an outcome of the existing team becoming more efficient. Currently, my productivity 
is at 0.6 loans per person per month, which will go to 2-plus loans per person per month. 
That itself is a huge reduction in the cost-to-income ratio. The entire centralized team or the 
senior management team, that cost gets amortized over those many disbursals and that much 
larger book that also drives down the cost-to-income ratio. 
Is it possible to run a high-teen ROE company in India. Yes. Is it very easy. No. Therefore, our 
unique ability of having managed liabilities, having managed assets, scale them down, scale 
them back up, scale them up to very significant levels, scale them down again. 
No one in this country, and I say this with great pride. No one in this country has handled cycles 
like we have. India will go through cycles. And if we continue to do steady compounding, we 
will in year here or there, get to 18% ROE. That I am super, super confident of. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Naintara Ghosh with Deutsche Bank. 
Please go ahead. 
Naintara Ghosh: 
Thank you and firstly, congratulations on the IHC transaction and the rating upgrades, Gagan. 
So my question is on the new product suite that you're expanding into. How much investment 
do you expect is required for setting up these new products? Thank you. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thanks, Naintara, and thanks to Deutsche Bank again, has been a core banker to us the last few 
years. I appreciate the bank's support to us. The investment is less in terms of how much of 
upfront investments in something, so this is not a great grand factory that I need to set up or a 
big power plant that I need to set up. I have to invest in branches. A branch of gold loan takes 
about INR20 lakh of to set up. It takes about 3 years before it becomes fully productive and 
profitable. 
Our  240 branches  are already sized up to do the other products. So in physical distribution, we 
would have to invest, but these are not investments which are running into tens of hundreds of 
crores. The expensive part is in expanding the workforce, which we will do at a steady clip over 
the next few years. But again, there, given the core management team is there, we will require 
to do more assurance function handling, hiring and product level hiring. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
So that's again something which we feel is with our earning trajectory right now, we can well 
afford. So whatever are these investments in terms of per person cost, per person productivity 
per branch, how much will it take, how many loans will it be able to do? What is the tech 
investment? How many loans will our LMS be able to take and how many more will we have to 
do? We invested in CRM upgrade. 
We invested in Salesforce 6 months ago in anticipation of this. So that cost is already taken. It 
is typically a huge cost. So these costs are all built in are all, none of them are, so to say, 
capitalized. They're built in, they would run through the P&L. And the P&L as a result of these 
costs would throw up the profits that we have projected. If you would want a more product-level 
ROA or something like that,  you can always engage with the team and they can run you through 
the ROA for each product for your knowledge. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vineet Sharma with Param Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Vineet Sharma: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and many congratulations on the successful closure of 
the transaction and the rating upgrade. My question was largely around the NIM expansion that 
we are seeing in FY '27 to FY '28. It's projected to go from 3.5% to 5.8%, whereas the cost of 
funds is not declining to that measure. 
 
And the leverage also on the book is increasing despite what I think is a bit of equity infusion 
also, which has been assumed during FY '28. So just wanted to understand what are the levers 
which are actually leading to this  such a significant yield expansion, which is leading to this 
increase in NIMs? 
Gagan Banga: 
So the cost of funds that you see are cost of debt funds. These are not blended for equity. The 
equity which comes in is a very significant $1 billion, which directly impacts the P&L. And 
while I have the highest regard for shareholder money, from a P&L perspective, it does not come 
with any added cost. The other enabler of the ROA is if you just go 2 lines below , just go to 
ROA and then more importantly, go to return on managed asset. 
 
Since the strategy for the first 2 years is to continue to do mortgages. And on mortgages, we 
would continue to do a fair amount of sell-down. As the return on managed asset goes up, it has 
a direct impact on net interest margin from a perspective  of our net interest margin. My 
colleague, Ramnath, will just explain the calculation to you. 
Ramnath Shenoy: 
Yes. See, what also adds to the NIM is our sold on book. So the spread that we make on the sold 
on book directly adds to the NIM. And hence, you see that expanding. So in FY '28, if you see 
the difference between the AUM and the loan book, that's about INR30,000 crores, which 
expands to INR45,000 crores. So this boosts the NIM. The cost of funds mentioned here is only 
the cost of funds on the borrowings that is on our balance sheet. 
Gagan Banga: 
So that does not factor in the additional equity, which has come in, which is liquidity. So there 
are  2 aspects of equity which is coming in. One is the cost  the equity  which is liquidity, and 
then there is the capital buffer. We've consumed the capital buffer, but we still have the liquidity, 
which we will continue to enjoy. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arun Antony with JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Arun Antony: 
Hi team. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations, first of all on the transaction and the 
rating upgrades that were received recently.  harping back on the cost of fund side. I think in the 
previous conference call, it was mentioned that over FY '27, around 270 bps decline in cost of 
funds is expected. So in the current backdrop of the West Asia conflict and yields hardening 
currently, do you think this 270 bps reduction in cost of funds is still achievable for FY '27? 
Gagan Banga: 
Yes. So what we had said is 270 bps of cost of fund improvement will happen as we complete 
our journey from AA to AAA. It can't obviously come in on the overall stock of funds and AA 
to AAA is not a direct journey. It will come with a stop, which is probably a pit stop, and we 
will be able to move up with a very strong case, both operational as well as the promoter once 
we are able to demonstrate to rating agencies that we have settled in as a AA+ credit, and we are 
ready for AAA in all aspects. 
The balance sheet is very, very solid. It is as strong as when I look at it very dispassionately and 
compare it with any of my AAA rated peers, peer NBFCs, then we are there as far as all aspects 
of the balance sheet are concerned. So operationally, we are ready. Financially, we are ready. 
From a promoter perspective, we are ready. It's just a matter of time. 
We stand by the 270 bps number. That on a marginal basis would require us to go from AA to 
AAA. As we go from AA to AA+, we would capture about anywhere from 120 to 150 basis 
points out of that. And then the next 120 to 150 basis points would come via the AA+ to AAA 
target  migration and upward movement. Now the last question, please. 
Moderator: 
The last question comes from the line of AS Raju, an Individual Investor. 
AS Raju: 
Good evening Gagan ji. I'm shocked with your write-offs. What is the total outstanding write-
off as of 31st March road map for writing? What will be the percentage of recovery from write-
offs as the projections include all these writings or not? 
Gagan Banga: 
So the projections, Mr. Raju, do include recoveries. We would recover close to about INR7,000 
crores from what we have provided. And that has been baked into all of these projections in due 
course of time.  I would refrain from calling this write-off. These are credit costs, which will 
enable management to focus on bandwidth. So yes, we have dipped into our capital one time to 
be able to add much more to that capital in due course of time via growth. 
A lot of time has been spent by the management team in consolidating the company. Companies 
don't go anywhere by just hanging in there, either they have to grow or the phase of consolidation 
would lead to something which is not very positive. We've navigated that, and I'm fairly 
confident that with whatever buffers we have on the balance sheet, as we have shown to you in 
the past, even if we, for example, do sales to asset reconstruction companies, we recover 70%, 
80% of that. 
And all of that has been discussed in various calls in the past. So this is just a technical step to 
make sure that we have the right buffers, we can fully focus and the INR53,000 crores of assets 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
are painless assets, which give us full bandwidth to focus on growth and support us with the 
earning power of the 1.6% ROA, which will continue to expand as the cost of funds reduces. So 
that is my humble submission to you. Recoveries will be very comfortable and recoveries are 
part of the numbers that we have presented to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gagan Banga for the closing remarks. 
Gagan Banga: 
So thank you, everyone. May I request Dalia and Peter, if you would like to say any concluding 
words and then what I have to say I have said. So thank you. Dalia, Peter? 
Peter Abraam: 
Thank you, Gagan. Look, I just would like to reiterate, it's our pleasure. It's a wonderful 
opportunity for both IHC and Sammaan. We think that this relationship will benefit both 
organizations, and we see nothing but a very bright future. 
 
I want to thank you for the opportunity. It was great to listen to a number of people who have 
spoken today. It's wonderful to see their support for the bank. And I think that we look forward 
to working closely together with you. And I think there is nothing, but strong prospects as we 
move forward. Thank you. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you, Peter. 
Dalia Khorshid: 
Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Gagan, and thanks for everyone who's participated with us today. 
Of course, this is the start of a number of series of calls that we are going to be coming back, 
and we're going to be constantly giving updates on. 
 
So we are looking forward to working closely with the management team, as we've mentioned, 
in order for us to ensure that we have the operational and the product efficiency and to transform 
and to set all these trajectory KPIs going forward. So we thank you all for your participation and 
looking forward to a great journey together. 
Gagan Banga: 
Thank you, Dalia. Thank you everyone for participating, supporting us. And we are, as a team, 
very, very optimistic about the future and look forward to engaging with you next quarter. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sammaan Capital, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
