A 
D 
NATURAL /e commes 
capsuLes 
LIMITED 
CORP 
& REGD OFF 
“ TRIDENT TOWERS” No. 23, 4th Floor, 100 feet Road, J: 
2nd Block, Bangalore-560011 
Phone : 080-26561562 / 1571 
/1573 
/581 URL : www.naturalcapsules.com 
 Email : info@naturalcapsules.com. CIN No. : L85110KA1993PLC014742 
Date: June 03, 2026 
To 
To 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
25th Floor, PJ Towers 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai — 400001 
Mumbai — 400051 
Scrip Code: 524654 
Symbol: NATCAPSUQ 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call held on Tuesday, June 02, 2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of transcript of Conference Call held on Tuesday, June 02, 2026. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record in compliance of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Natural Capsules Limited 
Sunil L Mundra 
Managing Director 
DIN: 00214304 
SUNIL 
LAXMINARA
YANA 
MUNDRA
Digitally signed by 
SUNIL 
LAXMINARAYANA 
MUNDRA 
Date: 2026.06.03 
18:38:33 +05'30'

NATURAL 
CAPSULES 
m 
S umiTeD 
“Natural Capsules Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 02, 2026 
ADVISORS 
til 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SUNIL MUNDRA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
NATURAL CAPSULES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ KISHORE PRASAD 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
NATURAL CAPSULES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 23

Natural Capsules Limited 
Q4 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 02, 2026 
Moderator: 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Natural Capsules Limited hosted by TIL Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. | now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Abhishek Mehra from TIL Advisors. Thank you and over to you Mr. Mehra. 
Thank you Neerav. Welcome everyone and good evening. Thank you for joining this Q4 and 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Natural Capsules Limited. 
Results and investor updates are available on the stock exchanges. In case anyone does not 
have a copy of the same, please feel free to write to us, and we will be happy to send it over to 
you. 
To take us through the results of the quarter, we have with us today Mr. Sunil Mundra — 
Managing Director and Mr. Raj Kishore Prasad — Chief Financial Officer. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter from Mr. Mundra, which will 
be followed by the Q&A 
I would like to remind you all that everything said in this call that reflects any outlook for the 
future which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction 
with the uncertainties and risks that the company faces. These uncertainties and risks have 
been included but are not limited to what is mentioned in our Annual Reports. 
With that said, | will now hand over the call to Mr. Mundra. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Thanks Abhishek. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Natural Capsules Limited, 
lextend a warm welcome to all participants joining us today for our Earnings Call to discuss the 
financial results for the and the full Financial Year ended 31st March 2026. 
1 will begin with our financial performance covering the quarter and then the full year 
Page 2 of 23

Now, for Q4 FY26, we reported consolidated revenue from operations of Rs. 58.45 crores, 
reflecting growth of 55% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and 30% on year-on-year basis. EBITDA 
for the quarter recovered to Rs. 1.33 crores, an improvement of 157% over Q3 FY26, with 
EBITDA margins at 2.28%. This represents a sequential improvement 
of about 844 basis points, 
though margins remain 747 basis points below the Q4 FY25 level. The loss of the tax for the 
quarter stood at Rs. 4.98 crores, reflecting depreciation of Rs. 4.28 crores and the finance cost 
of Rs. 2.89 crores. 
1 will address the trajectory of these charges in the context of our full year performance: 
Now, for the full financial year FY26, consolidated revenue from our operations 
grew 11% year- 
on-year to Rs. 187.20 crores from Rs. 169.21 crores in FY25. This top-line growth is encouraging 
in the context of the operational disruptions 
we experienced during 
the year. However, I must 
be candid with you regarding 
the profitability outcome for FY26. EBITDA for the full year was a 
loss of Rs. 1.56 crores at a margin of negative 0.83% compared to Rs. 17.52 crores in a margin 
of 10.35% in FY25. This represents a deterioration of 1,119 basis points and is a result of two 
distinct factors: 
o 
First, the operational disruption in our capsule business caused by the temporary 
shutdown of our Puducherry plant. 
o 
Second, the pre-commercial cost burden of our API manufacturing subsidiary, 
Natural Biogenetics Put. Ltd., which has been incurring manufacturing 
costs and fixed 
overheads meaningful revenue. 
Finance cost for the year was Rs. 10.95 crores up from Rs. 6.31 crores in FY25, reflecting the 
term debt drawn to funds from the Tumkur AP! facility. Depreciation was Rs. 17.14 crores 
higher than FY25's Rs. 9.12 crores as the API facility assets entered into the depreciation cycle. 
Together, these charges resulted in a profit before tax loss of Rs. 27.92 crores and a net loss of 
Rs. 24.66 crores for the full year. | acknowledge the significance of these figures and wish to 
address directly how we intend to reverse this trajectory. 
On the balance sheet, total equity stood at Rs. 234.72 crores. Operating cash flow for the year 
was a positive Rs. 10.92 crores, which reflects the underlying cash generation capacity of the 
capsules business and provides us with a reasonable working capital base to operate from. Let 
me now turn to the operational account for the year, beginning with the capsules business and 
then addressing the APl segment. Q4 FY26 was operationally the strongest quarter of the year 
for our capsule business as we had guided on the Q3 FY26 call that deferred dispatches that 
accumulated during the Puducherry plant shutdown were cleared in Q4 FY26. Approximately 
Rs. 6 crores of revenue in the quarter reflect those deferred sales. Importantly, because the 
associated manufacturing costs were absorbed in Q3 FY26, these dispatches carried a higher 
net realization, contributing positively to the quarterly margin recovery. 
Page 3 of 23

Moderator: 
On capacity, we are pleased to confirm that the new HPMC line commissioned in FY26 which 
increased our installed capacity from 19.5 billion capsules per annum to 25 billion capsules per 
annum is fully ready for double zero capsule production. Revenue from this line is expected 
to 
commence in the second half of FY27, subject 
to customer qualification and approval in the US 
market. We are actively progressing those approvals. For FY27 the capsules business enters the 
year with two clear objectives are to optimize utilization across both our Bangalore and 
Puducherry facilities and to improve the product mix progressively towards regulated market 
customers and value-added variants. 
The contribution of the new HPMC line, once approved, will support both revenue and margin 
improvement. | am pleased 
to report that Q4 FY26 marked the commencement 
of commercial 
AP sales at our Tumkur facility, operated through our subsidiary, Natural Biogenex Private 
Limited. This has been a long journey, and reaching commercial production is a genuine 
milestone for the team. 
During the quarter, Natural Biogenex also executed definitive framework and contract 
manufacturing agreement with Fermbox Bio-Private Limited. Under this arrangement, 
Fermbox Bio will provide advanced fermentation technology and equipment at our Tumkur 
facility, while Natural Biogenex undertakes licensed manufacturing, quality assurance, and 
regulatory compliance. We expect this collaboration to improve utilization of our fermentation 
block and create an incremental revenue stream 
for us. 
The products 
we are producing commercially at present carry margins that are lower than what 
we ultimately expect from this business. The reason is that the higher value customer segment 
and certain export geographies require regulatory approvals that are still in the process. We 
are working with the relevant regulatory authorities and customers to obtain those approvals. 
And once secured, we believe the profitability profile of the APl segment will improve 
materially. We enter FY27 with more operational clarity. The Puducherry disruption is behind 
us. 
Commercial API sales have begun. The HPMC line is ready for qualification. The Fermbox 
collaboration has been formalized. 
Allthe building blocks are in place. Our task now is to execute with discipline. We are conscious 
of the pressure on our balance sheetand the expectations of our shareholders after a difficult 
year. 
Restoring profitability at the console level is our primary financial target for FY27. Thank you. 
We are now ready to take your questions. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Participants, you 
Page 4 of 23

Anuj Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. First question is from the land of Anuj Mehra from 
Artha Capital Management. Please go ahead. 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. My question is at the strategic execution level, 
You are simultaneously trying to grow the HPMC capsules in regulated markets, parallel scale 
gelatin capsules business and ramp up the APl commercial scales and qualify the fermentation 
block and partner with Fermbox bio on a new project. Now, there are close to five concurrent 
strategic priorities for a company at a near zero cash balance and a loss making consolidated 
P&L. So, how are you actually trying to prioritize management bandwidth and working capital 
across all of these initiatives at once? 
Asfar as management bandwidth is concerned, we have dedicated teams working for all these 
divisions. Like for gelatin capsules and HPMC capsules, we have dedicated teams operating. 
There are about totally 18 members in our marketing team across the world who are working 
onthat. 
As on date, we have order book which is having a backlog of almost 36 days of all types of 
capsules. In HPMC capsules, we are working aggressively to get approvals in the US market 
working with a few customers whom we have sent the samples and once those are approved, 
HPMC business should start. Having said that, there is definitely a slow situation in the US 
market and we are working to overcome that by means of having aggressive marketing calls. 
On gelatin side, the domestic team is very well positioned. Our approach s to reduce the sales 
to the customers whose net margins are less and concentrate on customers where the margins 
are better. Now, coming 
to API sales, API or regulatory approvals, the facility is a process. 
So, once the DMF related CTD work starts, that is the technical dossier work, it takes time and 
then we start the filing process and then the updation of the DMF has to happen. Post that, 
the concerned regulatory authorities will come and trigger the audit and they will come and 
audit the facility. So, it's a process. 
So, there is a dedicated team working there and this process will go on. Regarding firm box 
contract is concerned, as very clearly, | said in my opening remarks, all the technology and 
operational supervision will be in control of firm box. Only ground operations 
will be under our 
control. 
So, we have nothing to worry there because ultimately the batches and all the production will 
be under their control. | think from the operational point of view, we are more or less secure. 
Now, on the other front which you mentioned about the liquidity situation, yes, this s the area 
where we definitely need to work upon because of the continuing pressure on the balance 
sheet and the liquidity position. 
Because of the API business, we are looking at various options to do fundraising. 
Page 5 of 23

Anuj Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Anuj Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Anuj Mehr: 
Okay. So, are you planning 
to dilute further equity or are you planning to raise debt if you can 
share some kind of thoughts with us? 
So, there arevarious options. We have also made an application under government RDI scheme 
to BIRAC, and | am hopeful that we might get some funding as being a deep tech company here 
in pharma AP! line. We expect to contribute equal amount from our side which should be in 
form of equity. We might do a kind of preferential allotment where the promoters could also 
participate, and we could also do a right issue. 
So, at this point of time, the promoter group doesn't want to dilute much on the overall 
holding. 
Gotit. Sir, my second question s on the scale-up of Capsule's business. The HPMC line is ready, 
and revenue is expected from the second half 
of FY27 as you just mentioned subject to the US 
dlient approval. 
Now, this implies that even if everything goes to plan, HPMC revenue contribution will only 
accrue for two quarters, that s half 
a year, the second half of the year. So, can you tell us what 
revenue contribution you are assuming for the HPMC line for FY27 in your base case and what 
happens to the profitability of the Capsule business if that approval is delayed by another 
quarter or two, just in case? 
So, looking into the uncertainty of the US market where the business of Neutra segment has 
completely slowed down. As you are all aware that last year post the tariffs imposed by the US 
government, all the businesses slowed down and especially our Neutra business which is more 
of 
a wellness business where the impact was much more than the other businesses. So, at this 
point of time, demand is very slow in the US, and we anticipate that this should improve in 
about three to six months down the line. 
During this current year FY27, we have therefore anticipated a very low expectation from the 
revenue from HPMC. We have anticipated last year we did revenue of about 8 crores from one 
line and there the US exports were roughly around 3 crores out of that. Now this year, keeping 
that inmind, but this is a new size double zero which we have added now, and we are exposed 
to other markets like Brazil, Mexico have improved. 
We are now anticipating revenue of about 20 crores from HPMC line. 
Also, sir, the steroidal APl market has seen excess Chinese capacity which has depressed the 
price over the last two years. In the Q4 FY25 call, you acknowledged that the APl segment faced 
industry-wide pressure on product realization due to significant excess capacities in China. Has 
that situation improved, worsened or remained the same in FY262 And at current Chinese 
export prices for steroidal AP, are your APl products like price competitive on a full-costbasis? 
Page 6 of 23

Sunil Mundra: 
Anuj Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
So, Chinese capacities are, | would say, to a large extent fungible because they keep changing 
the products within the steroidal portfolio. So, many of the products, when they become 
uneconomical, they discontinue some of the companies there. But having said that, there are 
large players, about five to six large players in steroidal APl segment. 
The prices which they sell to the Indian market, you will be surprised that they are much, much 
lower than what they sellin China and to large extent 
to the rest of the world. And Indian prices 
are very, very significantly lower, | would say and may not even cover their costs. | have done 
deep analysis of these pricing there in China, and even the Chinese manufacturers are a little 
under pressure because of this. 
So, they are trying to make their strategies to improve the prices, but somehow there is also 
overcapacity there across all the APl segments. So, over a period of time, they take the prices 
up, they come down because of the sales from the other smaller players. So, having said that, 
now the AP prices in Indian market, India is a highly price-sensitive market. 
As you know, government's focus is on generic medicine, low-cost production, and the price 
control. So, most of the manufacturers are looking at cheaper APls, and therefore, there is a, 
especially the segment, which is catering to these generic markets, looks for cheaper APIs. So, 
there, as | mentioned in my opening remarks, that the margin for these generic API customers 
is very, very low. 
It is in single-digit low numbers, EBITDA margin, | would say. And whereas, our attempt is to 
improve ourselves or take ourselves up to a higher ladder and reach the semi-regulated and 
regulated customers within India. | would want to say go to the customers who are exporting 
to semi-regulated markets and then go to the customers who are exporting to US, Europe. 
So, there, probably, these margins are much, much better, and that is our growth strategy to 
survive. 
Gotit, sir. But considering these products are alsoin the PLI scheme, so will you be approaching 
the government for an import duty to be applied just to get the pricing parity? 
Yes, I think you are quite right. Recently, government has granted a minimum import price they 
have imposed in case of four products which are manufactured by two companies which are 
selected under the PLI scheme. So, here, the government's condition is that we should produce 
those products with a 90% domestic value addition, like we have got three products, 
Prednisolone, Dexamethasone, and Betamethasone. 
So, 1 am happy to inform the members who are present here that we have been successful in 
doing Prednisolone and Dexamethasone at the kilo level now, which are, if scaled up, will be 
maybe around 10% lesser than the Chinese cost. So, we are now hoping, we have given the 
documentary evidence 
to the government 
for the rebadges that have been produced, and we 
Page 7 of 23

Anuj Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
expect them to visit in about three to four months. The chartered engineer visit is over, and 
their technical team will come and visit the plant to confirm that we have started commercial- 
scale production. 
So, once the commercial-scale production of one or two products starts, then we hope to get 
the minimum import price imposition by government, and that would definitely be a big boost 
for us. And like in case of two companies, | would name them, Kinwan was one company which 
has produced Potassium Clavulanate and Clavulanic Acid, and in case of Aurobindo Pharma, 
they got these 
for Pen G (Penicillin G), 6-APA, and 7-ACA, and they have been, | mean, the price 
selling at the time was $18 per kg of 6 Pen G. Now, government has imposed $36 per kg. So, 
government is being realistic, goes out of the way now to support the industry, especially for 
those whom the PLI scheme was given. So, we are quite positive thatif we are able to 
demonstrate in next three to four months, but we have not taken any of those in our revenue 
projections. |am hopeful that parallel teams are working 
to demonstrate this prednisolone and 
Dexamethasone 2 products. 
Betamethasone s slightly difficult, and we have kept the target of Q4 n the current year. These 
we are keeping a target of Q2 and Q3 for commercial scale production and getting the PLI 
covered from the government, rather minimum import price covered from the government. 
Gotit. Also, sir, in Q1 FY26, you had guided for the API facility to reach cash breakeven by the 
end of Q4 FY26. But then we saw commercial sales only commenced in Q4 FY26. 
So, there have been multiple instances starting FY24 till FY26, where timelines on earnings calls 
were not met. So, how do you suggest 
we take the current guidance? Have you tapered down 
the current guidance? Is it aggressive according to you? How should we be looking at the 
guidance 
that you are giving right now? 
The current guidance has been, we have given conservative guidance, one. Secondly, we have 
not considered major revenue, any revenue from these PLI-based products where last year we 
slipped up. Thirdly, the guidance on the AP front especially has been given based on my Q4 
numbers. Q4 what we achieved about Rs. 9 crores of revenue from API. Based on that and a 
gradual increase from there, we have assumed the numbers. So, in the current year, we are 
giving guidance from gelatine capsules about Rs. 170 crores, HPMC about Rs. 20 crores, APl 
business and domestic market about Rs. 70 crores, and from firm box contract about Rs. 14 
crores. So, there we have not considered any of these kind of PLI-based benefit in those 
product sales. The last year reasons for slip-up are very clear as | mentioned already. Let me 
capture them again. There was a delay in the PLI products where we could not achieve the 
yield. There was a very big gap in the commercial level and despite the PLI incentive, we could 
not have done the breakeven. So, therefore, we were to keep around, pushing around for 
alternative route of synthesis and we were also trying for some sort of a technology support 
from Chinese companies which unfortunately did not come though they promised. 
Page 8 of 23

Anuj Mehra: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Anuj Mehra: 
Ultimately, our internal teams only have been successful in achieving the completion of two 
products at kilo level now. Now, the other major reason for not achieving the guidance for API 
business was the fluctuations in these intermediate prices from China was so high. Actually, we 
decided that if we are not able to get this PLI revenue, we will also start importing intermediate 
from China and do the two-stage or three-stage derivative manufacturing and sell them in 
India. 
But during last year in Q1, we took the decision. Q2-Q3, there were huge disruptions in prices, 
but still we started importing in Q3 and Q3 end and Q4 from December of last year till March, 
we were able to start manufacturing from intermediates and therefore, the revenue came only 
in the last four months. So, | would think that these two are the major reasons in our APl 
business. 
As far as capsule business is concerned, | think we had given a guidance of about 196 crore 
which I think included Rs. 25 crores of revenue from HPMC and Rs. 171 crores from Gelatin. 
So, in the current year, we did achieve about Rs. 163 crores. In last year, we actually achieved 
Rs. 163 crores from Gelatin which is almost achieved Rs. 170 crores because 6 crores of loss 
due to shut down in Pondicherry plant. 
Whereas HPMC, we could not achieve the targeted revenue of 25 crores and we achieved only 
around Rs. 8 crores. That was mainly due to stoppage of exports to US. So, | think in the current 
year, our guidelines are pretty much conservative, and we hope 
to achieve those numbers. 
So, sir, with the guidance that you gave in terms of especially the API segment, roughly | think 
80-85 crores worth of top line that you are clearly looking at conservatively. Can you further 
elaborate in terms of the operational breakeven that you would be achieving? | just need to 
understand this so that our assumptions can be correct if we are looking at the worst behind 
us now or we can still look at negative numbers in the coming quarters. 
As far as AP guidelines are concerned, in the next year, what | have told, AP from domestic 
sale s about roughly Rs. 70 crores. There we are expecting a margin of about 2-3% at the gross 
level. | would say lower single-digit numbers on the gross raw material level. 
At EBITDA level, it could still be in a negative side. But as we grow further and improve our 
customer base, this should be in a lower single-digit EBITDA also. Now, as far as firm box 
contract business is concerned, we are considering about 20% EBITDA based on the cost sheet 
agreed with them and the amount of work committed by them. But | would say at the console 
level in the current year also, we might face challenges and probably we would end up with a 
very low consolidated net margin. 
Got it, sir. That will be all from me. Thank you so much. 
Page 9 of 23

Moderator: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yashvi Gandhi: 
Moderator: 
Madhu Ratl 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yashvi Gandhi from Molecule Ventures. Please go 
ahead, Yashvi. 
In the past calls you mentioned the PE investor in Natural Biogenex has a claw-back clause 
linked to the FY27 targets and that they have informally agreed to extend it by a year. What is 
the current formal status of that claw-back clause? Has a written extension been agreed and 
what are the financial consequences on the promotors if the FY27 targets are not met? 
No, the claw-back clause is referring to FY29 figures and that also is already mentioned in our 
shareholders agreement, and this is for FY29. So, as far asit is concerned, at this point 
of time, 
there is no discussion on that. 
Okay. On a consolidated basis, can you please help s break down how we are looking at FY27 
from the revenue and profitability standpoint? 
A detailed breakdown would be helpfulin terms 
of capsules if you could give a breakdown between Gelatin and HPMC and if you could also 
throw some light on the scale-up of API. 
Yes, I think | have already given that. Once again, for your benefit, I will repeat that. Our 
revenue forecast for sales from Gelatin capsules is about Rs.170 crores, from HPMC capsule 
about Rs.20 crores, from API mainly which is domestic APl about Rs.70 crores, our forecast 
from firm box production, CMO contract about Rs.14 crores. So, we are talking about a 
consolidated level Rs.274 crores. 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhu Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
What kind of margin do we expect from the capsule division for FY27 with HPMC scale-up? 
From HPMC we have assumed 18% as our EBITDA margin and from Gelatin around 13% which 
is what we expected to improve better now since there is a devaluation of rupee, the dollar, 
rupee and the recoveries are better. We can expect better EBITDA margin, but we have 
assumed similar number as our Q4 number. 
Got it. Sir, did we receive any PLI during FY26 and what is the PLI expectation for FY27? 
No, we did not receive anything in FY26. We do hope to get something but in forecast 
we have 
not included anything in it. As | already mentioned that we might be able to present to 
government our conclusive evidence of getting two products on commercial scale level maybe 
in Q3 orso and Q4 respectively one after the other and there could be some revenue from PLI. 
But at this point of time since there is uncertainty of timing and all that we have desisted from 
giving a forecast. 
Page 10 of 23

Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
What | understood was that we have already achieved kilo level batches for Dexamethasone 
and the pre-release solid. You mentioned like right now they will commercialize in Q3 or Q4 of 
FY27. 
Okay, got it. Sir, if you would help us understand what is the arrangement with Fermbox for 
what kind of products and do we expect some kind of capability development for our 
fermentation in-house with this? If you would help us understand how does it it strategically 
for our business and the fermentation API business going forward? 
The Fermbox business is a win-win situation for NBPL and NCL because the Fermbox what the 
contract is of two basic principles that they will be utilizing our spare fermentation capacity. 
Now the question is why did fermentation capacity become spare? It is because in the 
Prednisolone and Dexamethasone originally, we had put up the capacity with the idea that we 
would require all the capacity for which we have applied for. Later, last year, Government of 
India, Department of Pharmaceutical gave a clarification that you need not produce what is 
applied capacity, you have to produce only sanctioned capacity. So, that freed up almost, | 
would say, in Dexamethasone and Betamethasone our committed capacity was 27, allotted 
‘was 8. So, 19 metric tons of finished APl and added to that our second stage fermentation. 
Now we have been successful in using enzymatic route where the need for fermentation at 
large scale has been reduced. Therefore, at least about 40% of our capacity becomes spare in 
fermentation. So, therefore, this agreement 
with the Fermbox whereby Fermbox will, because 
the Fermbox products are different, they have yeast-based, enzyme-based and other kind of 
products where the downstream processing equipments are totally different. 
So, the agreement says that Fermbox will be investing a close to amount of Rs. 60 crores in 
various such equipment which will be placed on oursite, will be owned by them on their books 
and NBPL is also free to use those products in case they choose by giving them the whatever 
the charges applicable. So, as you mentioned 
that whether it will improve our capabilities, yes. 
And we are also free to bring in our CMO contracts of similar products. 
Of course, there is a no-compete clause with the Fermbox. We can't bring such products. 
Whatever is to be done with their consent, we have to do it. 
But definitely it will improve our total, | would say, capabilities and repertoire of this knowledge 
about the fermentation techniques. 
Sir, so they, the personnel manufacturing these fermented products because if I'm looking at 
the Fermbox website, 
so these products will be manufactured by natural capsules personnel or 
employees or these will be manufactured by Fermbox's employees only? 
Page 11 of 23

Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
No, Fermbox will provide total supervision. It means all these decision-making regarding 
operational parameters will be under their control. Their people will be there to take the 
decision or people will be only operating the equipment and because the products belong to 
them, they are responsible 
for the success of the batch. It will be totally under their control. 
Got it. And sir, how big can this contract become? Maybe over the next 2-3 years, can this 
become a 50-crore revenue contract 
for natural capsules? 
Yes, it can. Because right now we are talking of only part of the year, current year forecast and 
that too with one product which they have for confirmed order from Government of India. So, 
that product alone we have given anticipation of revenue forecast of Rs. 14 crore. 
They have multiple products from Europe, US and there is a revenue build-up, and the profit 
share will be better. And therefore, we anticipate that this revenue could be much larger. 
Got it. Sir, just a final question from my side. Sir, on the APl business, how should we see this 
business over the next 2-3 years down the line? Because the main product that we were 
expected to manufacture, the realizations have gone down and it is not viable. Capacity scale- 
up issues have been there, and we have moved towards contract manufacturing. So, how 
should I look, sir? What is your vision for the segment for the company, maybe over the next 
23 years down the line? 
1 would say that the future is bright. In 2-3 years down the line, both our API as well as the 
Fermbox CMO contract will do well. In 2-3 years, maybe as we start getting accreditation like 
WHO GMP in the current year, EU GMP and USFDA in the coming years, our business to 
regulated market should improve and a significant portion of the revenue should come from 
these kind of businesses which will improve our EBITDA margin. In addition to our portfolio of 
products in steroidal 
API field, Fermbox is going 
to be a completely incremental business which 
should also contribute significantly. 
And sir, has there been any impact of anti-involution drive on the steroidal APls coming out of 
China? Because you mentioned that the pricing in Indian market is lower than what it is in 
Chinese market and that we are only 10% lower than the Chinese. So, has that affected us or 
the competitors from China? 
Yes, it is affecting us because that is why we could not launch the products about 6 months 
back. We could have done that had the prices been not so competitive. So, it was like taking 
decision where we could have lost much more. So, we chose not to launch those products at 
that point of time and still started working further and got 
to a situation where the gap is now 
around 10%. So, we are confident 
that this 10% could be covered by the PLIincentive, which is 
our assumption now. Now, as | also mentioned, these prices in India are the lowest across the 
world and Chinese have kind of 
a specific or a special kind of 
a pricing strategy 
for Indian market 
because | believe as far as my studies say that steroidal APl comes by volume 40% of the total 
Page 12 of 23

Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Madhu Rathi: 
Moderator: 
Chinese production whereas India population is hardly about 16% of the world population. So, 
balance | presume is going out of India in form of derivatives either in form of AP! or in form of 
finished formulations. | hope 
| have answered your question. 
The export rebate, whatever the Chinese were getting, has that affected this particular API 
segment or not? 
Yes, so export rebate has been reduced, | believe. It is not completely removed. There is a 
reduction in the rebate but to that extent, government has also given them the benefit of 
depreciating 
their local currency Yuan. So, to that extent, the Chineseare also at a disadvantage 
at the moment but having said that, they are also not too happy to sell it at such low prices to 
India, but 
| think they are under pressure to sell this because of overcapacity 
in Chinese market. 
So, there is no regulated way of controlling capacities even though they control the pricing 
within China by a licensing mechanism whereby for any particular product, they do not give 
license 
to more than three manufacturers for 
a product 
to sales within China. So, through such 
mechanisms, they control the pricing within China and maybe then they are free to sell 
everywhere across the world and therefore, they are able to dump the products at a low pricing 
in India. 
Gotit. And sir, only 5 to 6 major manufacturers control this market. So, anyone going under or 
anyone going bankrupt or closing their capacity should be a trigger for us. Is it a fair 
assumption? 
No, | would put it this way. COVID has taught a lesson to most of the countries that there has 
to be alternative supply chains especially in the matter of drug safety. So, | think most of the 
countries are looking 
for alternative source. Probably, we are the only company outside China 
to manufacture end-to-end from base raw material, Phytosterol, these products. So, | would 
sayinstead of thinking that way, we would take itin a positive manner that the world is looking 
at an alternative. We are talking to companies in US and Japan. 
All of them are eager to tie up with us provided we are able to fulfill their regulatory 
requirements. There are opportunities out there. In China, of course, out of these 4-5 
companies, 2 or 3 are all government-owned companies or largely government-backed 
companies. So, chance of their failure or going down are very less. 
Got it. Sir, that was from me. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Thank you. Thank you. Next question is from one of Ishan Thakkar from Ford Capital 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, for the full year, we need Rs. 8 crore HPMC sales, right? So, 
how much came from the domestic market and how much from the exports? 
Page 13 of 23

Sunil Mundra: 
Ishan Thakkar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ishan Thakkar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ishan Thakkar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Ishan Thakkar: 
Moderator: 
Sanchita Sood: 
Out of Rs. 8 crore HPMC sales, we got about Rs. 3 crore from US market and that too it was 
only somewhere around il July of last year. Post-July, the sales abruptly stopped. So, that is 
why our forecast also went wrong. 
Gotit. And we are currently behind our FY26 target of utilizing 25% of the APl manufacturing 
capacity and around Rs. 90 crore of sales. So, what challenges are we facing currently? And 
why were we unable to capture domestic demand during the initial phase itself, especially 
when there was a clear opportunity for import substitution? 
As | just mentioned to the previous question that domestic market is a highly price-sensitive 
market, we decided in the Q1 of last year itself to focus despite we got the clarity that there 
was a big gap in our yield level where we could have made a reasonable margin or a survival 
margin. So, we decided to focus on domestic marketing with the intermediate from China. But 
then the margins were so thin, and the prices are so volatile that we also took some time to 
understand that and couple of quarters went by. And therefore, when we started somewhere 
in December, so the results were clearly 
we got the sales of last year was practically for only 4 
months of sales. 
Okay. One more question | have. During the last call, you mentioned that the API revision could 
achieve a turnover of Rs. 240 crore. So, however, based on the current installed capacity and 
prevailing realization, AP sales appear unlikely to exceed around Rs. 120 crore. So, could you 
please elaborate on the assumptions behind the Rs. 240 crores - Rs. 250 crore revenue target 
and explain how management expects to bridge this gap? 
Yes, Rs. 250 crore target is still there in front of us. We probably need about two or three years. 
Only thing 
is some capacity on the technical manufacturing side is available. On the clean room, 
that is the final finished API side, probably we need to add a few more clean rooms for which 
basic infrastructure has been made. Only thing is we need to finish them and do that. | think 
achieving a target of Rs. 250 crore is achievable from this plant with additional investment 
to 
make ready the balancing some more clean rooms. 
Okay. So, how much additional expenses to be required? 
Ican think about Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 30 crores of expenses could be required to put up these 
two clean rooms. 
Okay. Thank you. 
Thank you. Participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. Next question is from the 
line of Sanchita Sood from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Most of my questions have been answered. Just one thing. 
Can we get an idea of what our debt levels would look like in FY27 and FY28? 
Page 14 of 23

Sunil Mundra: 
Raj Kishore Prasad: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Sanchita Sood: 
Moderator: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Prasad ji, you would answer? 
Debt level will remain concentrated which is around Rs. 100 crores to Rs. 110 crores in FY27. 
And FY28 maybe further will be same level. Some reductions will be there or some further 
additional capital funding will be required. So, | see around Es. 100 crores to Rs. 110 crores 
total debt on the consolidated basis. 
Annual repayments are in the range of about 
Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 12 crores. And in case required 
over two years if we borrow additionally Rs. 20 crores, the total debt will remain around Rs. 
110 crores. 
Okay. Got it. That's all from my end. Thank you. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aniket, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sir, | just wanted to ask like what utilization level for the APl business could be EBITDA 
breakeven? 
So, EBITDA here is more than the plant utilization as | mentioned is to towards the type of 
customers to whom we are catering. Land utilization at this point of time is roughly around 
25% to 30%. And even at the current customer base if | use 100% of capacity probably, we may 
not breakeven. So, ultimately it boils down to the fact that we get on to a better quality of 
customers or better market geographies like we get on to after WHO GMP to customers who 
supply to regulated markets like Cipla, Lupine, Mankind, these kind of companies or exposed 
to Europe, US and Japan. Then our definitely EBITDA breakeven or EBITDA bottom line will 
come up. 
And for us to explore such markets, do we require some certifications, and do we have it or it 
will be what we getin the current year or in future? 
Yes, so these are the certifications still in the pipeline and working. Right now, we are having 
WHO GMP target to happen in the next quarter. Then followed by our CEP filing and inspection 
under WHO GMP in about Q2 of next year and USFDA about Q3 or Q4 of next year. So, once 
these are achieved then business to those markets can start. 
And so regarding 
the Rs. 84 crore APl guidance given, what would be the net EBITDA? Would 
it be negative or would it be breakeven or something like that? 
It will be | would say negligible and maybe low single digit. 
And for the Fermbox arrangement, if | got it right, is it a combination of contract manufacturing 
plus revenue sharing minus the tech transfer? 
Page 15 of 23

Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Yes, so it is a combination of contract manufacturing with revenue sharing. That is the type of 
contract. Tech transfer only to the extent of operational. So, their team will be there on the 
site, all the proprietary information which will be under their control, like the strains and all 
that processes and all that. So, as far as we are concerned, we will have revenue share in most 
of the products. 
And so suppose if their ability toscale up goes up or do we have fungible space to provide them 
5o that they can manufacture more? 
Yes, why not? Probably, maybe not n this site because Fermbox is a forward-looking company. 
Itis an asset-light platform where they don't intend to own any facility of their own. But they 
have a lot of contacts and a lot of technologies. Their R&D s the major strength. They have put 
up a large R&D facility in Bangalore. So, as per my understanding, they may be intending us to 
manufacture more. So, maybe we can add on fermentation capacity going forward. 
And would this require some CAPEX or the existing facility would be okay with handling this 
type of production they require? 
No, no. As far as the Rs. 250 crore target that we have given ourselves for the next two to three 
yearsin FY29, so definitely it doesn't require any new facility to be set up. But if Fermbox feels 
that they need us to add on more capacity on fermentation, we will be more than willing to do 
that going forward. But for that, there will be a separate facility to be created, new CAPEX 
to 
be done. 
And what's the annual fixed cost burden from the fermentation facility? 
Could you repeat your question, please? 
What's the annual fixed cost burden from the API facility? 
The annual fixed cost 
s in the range of, I think, about Rs. 1 crore amonth, Rs. 1.25 crore, roughly 
around Rs. 15 crores per annum. 
And last year, | just wanted to ask, what's the capacity for the HPMC line versus the traditional 
gelatin capsules? 
So, HPMC capsules, one line capacity is 750 million capsules per annum, whereas gelatin 
capsules line capacity is about 1.8 billion capsules per annum. We have two lines of HPMC, so 
two lines of HPMC makes it about 1.5 billion capsules capacity. 
And what kind of utilization we are looking for this year? 
So, out of the 1.5 billion, we have assumed a very conservative, if | go for the utilization of 
capacity, it will be less than 50%. But this has been assumed because of the US uncertainties, 
Page 16 of 23

Aniket: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Aniket: 
Moderator: 
Arya Gaokar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Arya Gaokar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
we haveassumed like that. Whereas our factis 
that gelatin capsules have been running at more 
than 93% capacity for the last many years. 
In the presentation, it was mentioned that some US customer approvals are pending. So, what 
kind of approvals are pending for the HPMC line? 
These are basically machine suitability approvals. Our new machine HPMC came and got 
installed in March. Now it is under validation stage, and we have sent out capsules to various 
customers in the US and after their machine trial suitability, they do their stability testing at 
their end, which takes about two to three months, and this is what 
we are waiting for. 
Sir, thanks for answering my questions. | hope good luck for FY27. 
Thank you. Thank you, Aniket. Thank you very much. Reminder to all the participants, you may 
press “*” and “1” to ask the question. Next question is from Arya Gaokar from Ford Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for taking my questions. | wanted to know if you can give us 
data for FY26, import data for Dexamethasone, Betamethasone, and Prednisolone, both in 
value terms and volume terms, which you used to give in the presentation. 
Ithink the exact FY26 data | have not got because in last quarter data still not got published. | 
believe now Government of India has blocked all publication of export data. So, | have data till 
about nine months, till December and as per this, the Dexamethasone, Betamethasone, and 
Prednisolone, all three are inclined with the imports which is happening year after year. 
Prednisolone is getting imported around 40 metric tons with a value of roughly around average 
of about $230. Average cost is about $230. Dexamethasone is getting imported in the range of 
about 50 metric tons with an average price of about $350 per kg and Betamethasone is in the 
range of about 25 metric tons with an average price of about $580 per kg. These import 
Volumes are more or less consistent 
for last many years. 
Sir, 1also wanted to know, why 
s it taking so long for the API plant to geta regulatory approval 
and when can we expect, can you provide us a timeline when can we expect a regulatory 
approval for the API plant? 
Regulatory approvals are a kind of a process. First, we have to get the validation qualification 
of all our facility, equipment, processes. Then we have to take the batches, put into stability, 
six months goes away in that. Then you have to file with our local body, Indian drug controller 
and then they will come and do the validation study and verify all the claims and then they will 
give the GMP certificate. Then there will be additional certain more audits which will qualify as 
a WHO GMP. Now, either we have a choice to go with the same data to US and Europe, but 
their requirements are much more in detail. They want us to audit our vendors. They want us 
to validate in very great detail at least three or four stages of manufacturing before the final 
Page 17 of 23

Arya Gaokar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Arya Gaokar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Arya Gaokar: 
Moderator: 
Tarun Kumar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
AP for which we are doing 
the filing. Suppose | am doing Prednisolone as my product which | 
need to file the DMF in US, | need to go for at least N-3 stage of last three steps of 
manufacturing. | will have to do complete detailed validation of all that and put into stability. 
So, that is a much bigger requirement and much more time-consuming and cost consuming. 
Each DMF will cost, will take at least about eight to nine months to prepare and it will take 
about Rs. 75 lakhs to Rs. 1 crore rupees cost to prepare one dossier. So, regulatory bodies 
demand that we have to file such detailed Drug Master Files and then they review. The review 
takes time. Say if | have to file my data of six months, | will require nine months to file. Then 
they will take about six months to review. Then post that they grant us the number and then 
we have to tie up with the customer in US or say in Europe. Once we tie up with the customer 
in US, he will trigger the audit. Then the USFDA comes in and audits the plant. So, therefore 
this process s longer and it takes time. 
Okay, sir. So, | have one more question. How much raw material prices will increase in the API 
segment? In the last call, you mentioned 25% of the raw material for the API business has been 
sourced from China. So, what is the update on that? Can you give us an update that how much 
it has been increased? 
No, the recent past increases have been basically due to the latest Iran-US war, which has led 
to petroleum prices going up, causing disruption in supplies, so which has affected 
petrochemical industry, affected the pharmaceutical APl industry also. So, some of the 
products in China market 
has become short and their prices have gone up. So, yes, as you have 
been reading in the newspaper, the prices of many such APIs have gone up and government 
has also given an accepted increase in the formulation of many such drugs. 
Okay. I have one more last question from my side. | wanted to know in Quarter 
2 FY26 call, you 
mentioned you were in talks with some Chinese consultant to improve your 60 KL yield. So, 
any update, any success on that? 
Not really. That did not fructify. We could not get visa for the Chinese consultant to come to 
India. 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Areminder 
to all the participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. Next question 
is from the line of Tarun Kumar and Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Am I audible, sir? Yes. So, | have one question regarding, it could give us some color on your 
R&D pipeline. | mean, what kind of new molecules that we are doing? 
So, Mr. Tarun, we are not in the business of new molecules. That's a completely different 
ballgame and that's a huge cash guzzler. So, new molecule is a very long affair. Our R&D 
pipeline consists of those APIs, which are in the public domain, but which are off-patent and 
Page 18 of 23

Tarun Kumar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Tarun Kumar: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Tarun Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
which we intend to manufacture over the coming next couple of years and then we put them 
in our R&D pipeline. 
Okay, sir. So, one more question, like in FY22 and ‘23, our capsule margins are really high. Is 
there in the mid-to-near term two to three years, do we see our EBITDA margin going up? 
During ‘21 to 23, there was a after effect of COVID, | would say, during... 
Sorry, Tarun, can you mute your line from your side, please? 
Okay. Yes. So, during initial phase of COVID, there was a huge disruption in the supply chain. 
So, most of the pharma industry wanted to keep their supply chain secured. So, they stocked 
alot of materials, which led to a price surge in the capsule prices, like any other API also. So, 
that period saw the margins boost 
up almost 
to the level of 20%, 21%, 22%. But post that, from 
23 and Q1 of FY24 onwards, when this industry started descaling and kind of a supply chain 
slowed down, margins were gradually coming down. So, they had come down to as low as 11%. 
Now, we are around 12%, 13%. So, probably, as our volume of sales of HPMC grows up, our 
more higher capacity machines are added in future, probably, as and when we do it, our 
margins are definitely going to go up. | hope | have answered your question, Tarun. 
Yes, sir. One more question. Could you please quantify what kind of incremental margins that 
You could in mid to near term, get like 200 basis points or? 
Ithink if our HPMC capsules, between HPMC and gelatin, there is definitely about 5% gap delta. 
HPMC gives around EBITDA margin of 18%, whereas gelatin isin the range of 12% to 13%. And 
as our volume of HPMC grows up, definitely our weighted average, EBITDA margin will grow. 
So, we could expect, if our HPMC full capacity is utilized, we should do a top line volume of at 
least about 1.5 billion, about Rs. 45 crores from HPMC capsules. And that should give at least 
a200-basis point increase in EBITDA margin. 
Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. That's from me. Thank you. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pravin Sharma, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
My first question is, last May, there was a circular from USTR as to imposing anti-dumping duty 
on HPMC capsules. So, after July, what happened is apart from the 50% additional tariff of 
Trump that we could not sell much of HPMC there apart from that 50%. And how is the 
situation right now? Is that tariff still applicable? And if we were not supplying, where were the 
US customers buying from? 
Yes. So, you are very right that last May, there was a USTR notification. One of the courts had 
approved this anti-dumping duty, which was, in fact, favoring the Indians. There was a duty of 
Page 19 of 23

Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
around 18% on the Indian products, whereas it was imposed as high as 88% on certain Chinese 
companies, which were the major sellers there. What had happened was, apart from these 
anti-dumping duties, Trump's specific duty of, India's specific duty of 50%. So, that was the one 
which completely stopped our business. So, this kind of high tariff, most of these importers 
were not able to sustain. And whatever 
the Chinese could foresee because of the anti-dumping 
duty, they had dumped their material to a large extent. And Chinese companies were able to 
circumvent some of these anti-dumping duties by routing it to some third countries like 
Colombia and all that. So, that made the Chinese supplies were going on for some more time, 
whereas Indian supplies completely stopped. Even the large Indian companies like ACG Group 
or Health Caps, their supplies had completely slowed down. So, as of now also, what our 
judgment is that the Neutra business in the US has got severely impacted because of various 
kinds of duties on India and China. Most of the ingredients were coming from these two 
countries. And now, the industry is in a little very slow position. And probably next three to 
four months, we expect that things could be better. As the US economy comes out of slumber 
and there is a clarity that the rate of duty is around 10%, probably in about three to four 
months, six months, we could see improvement in growth exports to the US. 
But | thought that US economy is doing very well with all these Al boosts, and all people will be 
requiring more nutraceuticals. 
Yes, but unfortunately, Neutra industry is more of 
a choice business, not an essential business. 
So, the sales of Neutra industry has gone down there. And inflation is pretty high in the US. So, 
therefore, it is one of the first products to get affected, is what our understanding is. So, there 
the industry, who are contact points there in the US, they are saying that their businesses are 
very slow. 
People have stopped eating vitamins. 
Now, wasn't it possible for us to reroute the material from third country because if you were 
saying Chinese were able to do that? 
Because that kind of 
a thing we didn't want to do that. We did not attempt doing that. 
But 
| heard that one Chinese company and ACG was planning to put up a plant there in US. 
Yes, both of them had announced $200 million investment. ACG had announced $100 million 
investment. All of them are now in the cold. They are in the cold shelf. 
So, our $25 crore, which we see as a guidance for this year for HPMC, the majority will be 
exported to US, or it will be for domestic? 
Page 20 of 23

Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
No, we have anticipated a very low revenue from US, that too in the last quarter or so, four 
months. Our major sales are to other countries like Mexico, to Brazil and other countries. We 
intend to start Europe business this year. We have recently got some clearances on the 
veterinary control side, the registration of gelatin capsules. Of course, for the HPMC capsule, 
also there is an opportunity now that we have got organic certification there. So, probably our 
exports to Europe should start in the current year. 
And my last question is on the API side, with this Indian GMP certification followed by WHO 
GMP certification, which appears to be relatively easy and fast. Not relatively, it is relatively 
easy. Because US, what you told and described seems a distinct possibility. | don't know how 
many years will it take. So, based on these two registrations, how much of the revenue can we 
generate? How much can we sell? How much revenue can we generate? And what kind of 
margins after these two certifications can be realistically impacted? 
So, the Indian GMP certification is a basic requirement for any factory under the current 
guidelines in India. Without Indian GMP, any new facility requires that GMP. Now, in addition 
to that GMP, we have to do the product stability and produce the data. The Central Drug 
Control Authorities come and audit and they provide WHO GMP. So, this kind of data is 
required by certain companies which are like middle to large corporate Indian pharma 
companies, which they sell in Indian market their branded products or export to ROW market. 
So, these are companies like, | would say, not top of the notch companies like top 100 to top 
50 companies, whose major businesses are coming from Europe, US. But, say for a company 
like Cipla, they would prefer 
to buy a WHO GMP certified product from myself, my company, 
if it is meant for Indian market. But suppose same Cipla has to sell the product in US, they 
would want us to give the product with a US certification. That product will be different, that 
dossier will be different, DMF will be different. So, our judgment is that with this Indian GMP 
and WHO GMP, yes, in the current year, we are expecting WHO GMP certificate to come in Q2. 
Hopefully, we can onboard some of these companies with some products and our margins 
could improve. So, at this point of time, since we are not able to make a clear estimate of how 
much business it could generate, we have made the forecast based on the sales to purely 
generic customers. 
But, of course, after these two certifications, the top line will improve, and the margins will 
also improve. 
Top line to some extent and margins to more extent. | would say margins could be improving 
to higher single digits. 
Let me ask last question now. You said that a lot of these steroidal APls which are imported 
from China by Indian companies, Indian consumption is around 16 metric ton or something. 
And the rest, you feel that it goes out 
of India in form of finished dosages. Correct? 
Page 21 of 23

Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
So, does it go to ROW exports or does it go to US and Europe or regulated world? So, it means 
that Chinese facilities are FDA approved. Correct? 
Yes. To answer your question, see the data, while | was speaking, there is a broad macro level 
data which showed that total steroidal export to India from China was around 40% of their 
production in China. Whereas ona thumb rule basis, the Indian population is 16% of the world. 
Assuming they consume the similar level of consumption, we said about half of it is going for 
domestic consumption, half of it is going for exports. Now, your next question was that are 
these products being sold to US market? Yes. Most of the companies have these large brands 
either being sold by themselves under generic or they do manufacture on behalf of certain 
large MNC corporates. Like for example, Strides does a product for Pfizer who is the innovator 
of these drugs and products like Prednisolone. Strides manufactures and exports this drug and 
they buy 8 metric tons of prednisolone, they import and supply to US, to Pfizer alone. Similarly, 
1 would say Dr. Reddy's, they have a product called Abiraterone Acetate, and it is a prostate 
cancer drug. So, this they are right now manufacturing in Mexico, now they intend to start in 
India. They are bringing the basic intermediate to India or N-1 to India. They manufacture the 
APlin India and they export 
to Mexico. Ultimately, it is meant for the innovator or the patent 
holder in US. So, there are large volume molecules which are getting manufactured in India 
and going to these regulated markets. 
Actually, | was trying 
to understand once we get these two, WHO and Indian GMP, then what 
kind of market we can enter? What 
is the total addressable market ROW plus India? 
So, the idea was that WHO GMP would enable us to get into some of the ROW markets like 
African markets, some of the markets in Southeast Asia, maybe some in Central America, 
whereas certain large countries like Brazil want their own certification ANVISA , Mexico 
requires COFEPRIS their own certification, Europe requires their own certification in form of 
EU GMP or CEP, and US requires US CEP. Japan requires their own certification, whereas we 
can route it through Korea. That is our attempt right now. We are working on that. So, the 
WHO GMP would enable us to supply to, as | told you, companies like Cipla or Lupin for their 
Indian market supplies. 
Which itself will be for domestic market mainly. 
Which will be for domestic market basically, but the prices will be better than what prices | get 
for the same product by selling it to another Indian generic company. 
The objective right now is to go nearer to Rs.240 crore sales from Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 240 crores 
whatever EBITDA margin we can get. So, that the API division doesn't make the capital profit 
eatit away on a consol basis. 
Our aim is to go up the ladder on the regulatory side. Definitely that will improve the bottom 
margins. Utilize maximum capacity and increase our percentage of share to exports. And also 
Page 22 of 23

Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Pravin Sharma: 
Moderator: 
Sunil Mundra: 
Moderator: 
utilize the Fermbox contact to maximize the utilization of the fermentation plant. So, these 
things will definitely help us to control the cash strain that we are experiencing at this point 
of 
time. 
Only thing is that we can compress that timeline from 4 years to 1.5 years. Already many years 
have-— 
So, our timeline at this point of time s not 
4 years. It is roughly around 24 months. 
Including US and Europe? 
Yes. USFDA is in 24 months. 
Okay, sir. All the best. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. | will now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Sunil Mundra for closing comments. 
Thanks, Nirav. Thank you all for joining us today and for your continued trust in Natural 
Capsules. We remain committed to executing our strategy in delivering value in the years to 
come. Thank you. 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of the TIL advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Page 23 of 23
