 
 
            May 27, 2026 
 
    To, 
 
To, 
BSE LIMITED  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
'G' Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street,  
Bandra East,  
Mumbai- 400 001  
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 524091  
Trading Symbol: CARYSIL 
 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference call held on May 
21, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the 
transcript of Q4 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call for the Audited Financial Results for the 
quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 held on Thursday, May 21, 2026 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For CARYSIL LTD.  
 
 
 
REENA SHAH 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
REENA 
TEJAS 
SHAH
Digitally signed by 
REENA TEJAS 
SHAH 
Date: 2026.05.27 
09:45:07 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Carysil Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2026 
  
           
           
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHIRAG PAREKH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – CARYSIL LIMITED 
MR. ANAND SHARMA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CARYSIL 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Carysil Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinion and expectation of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Chirag Parekh. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for the Carysil limited 
quarter 4 FY26 earnings conference call. I trust you had an opportunity to review our financial 
results and investor presentation, both of which are available in the company's website and stock 
exchanges. Joining me on this call is Mr. Anand Sharma, Executive Director and Group CFO, 
along with GIA, our Investor Relations advisers. 
FY26 marks an important inflection point in company's evolution as the company continues its 
transition from a Quartz Sink manufacturer to one-stop integrated kitchen and bathroom 
solution. Company expanding its global presence. And Carysil started its journey decades ago, 
it began with a simple vision to build a world-class Indian manufacturing company capable of 
competing with the best globally -- from humble beginnings with limited resources and immense 
conviction. 
The company has built on the pillars of hard work, integrity, resilience and long-term thinking. 
The company established a presence of 50-plus countries with a diversified product portfolio, 
respectable manufacturing capabilities and long-standing customer relations across key markets. 
This foundation built over decades of disciplined execution and focusing on delivering quality 
products embedded with German DNA. 
I'm pleased to share that despite the heavy headwinds marked by geopolitical uncertainties, trade 
volatility, inflationary pressures, tariff-related disruptions, Carysil delivered one of the strongest 
operating performance to date during FY26, backed by total income growth of 14%, EBITDA 
growth of 31% and PAT growth of 54%, while PAT margins after MI improved by 
approximately 274 basis points year-on-year. 
India and global manufacturing opportunity: 
India today stands at a pivotal stage of economic evolution, supported by its ongoing policy 
reforms, improving infrastructure, making India focus. The company has emerged as a credible 
global manufacturing export hub for our customers based in U.K., U.S., Europe, Australia and 
creating a very meaningful long-term opportunities for exports. 
India has entered FTA deal with major economies like U.K., Europe, Australia, New Zealand 
and in process of finalizing FTA with USA and also entered SEPA with Middle East countries. 
India is poised to change the world order and provide credible option of global chain supply.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Operational stability and margin outlook: 
Despite industry-wide inflationary pressure across gas, electricity and raw material during FY26, 
Carysil maintained stability and uninterrupted operations across all facilities without any major 
production disruptions. Stable labour availability supported by deep employee community 
engagement continue to remain a key operational strength. 
Carysil's differentiated positioning and customer relationship effective pass-through of cost 
resulting in healthy margin expansion during the year. Increasing automation, operating leverage 
and growing contribution from higher-value categories will structurally support profitability. 
Additionally, the growing business with marquee global customers like Lowe's, IKEA and our 
new entrant Home Depot and other leading international retail partners expected to improve 
scale efficiencies and overall business quality over the long term. 
Business highlights: 
Quartz Sink business: The Quartz Sink business continued to deliver a healthy performance in 
FY26, supported by resilient export demand and improving domestic traction with volumes 
growing by approximately 21%. And to cater to rising demand, Carysil continues investments 
in mould development, automation, product innovation and capacity expansion of 250000 
Quartz sink expected to become operational in quarter Q4-FY27, While the company remains 
focused on Quartz Sink. The company continues to gradually expand its presence across other 
kitchen adjacent categories.  
Stainless Steel Sink: Stainless Steel Sink business continues to emerge as a key growth driver 
during the year with value growing by approximately 20%, supported by strong OEM demand 
and exports and stronger domestic opportunities. I am also pleased to share that Carysilnox 
Limited, our subsidiary company, has commenced additional stainless-steel sink manufacturing 
capacity of 70,000 units per annum effective today, increasing the total annual capacity from 
180,000 units to 250,000 units.per year. To support long-term growth, the company has also 
acquired adjacent land for the future expansion and diversification to meet the demands of the 
big OEM players like Kohler, Hafele, GROHE, etc.. 
Built-in Appliances: Built-in Appliances business gained encouraging traction by 
premiumizing trends, the import substitution opportunities, rising modular kitchen penetration 
and growing OEM interest. Also, the company has been able to have a breakthrough on the 
electronic modern trade retail chains. Under Phase I Carysil has commenced a pilot 
manufacturing of hoods and hobs. In Phase 2 we will expand full fledged into hobs and ovens, 
food waste disposal and other built-in solutions. The company will be investing in very 
sophisticated and highly advanced manufacturing technologies, glass cutting, forming, color 
coating. It also  plans to witness a growing interest of OEM, large global OEM players increasing 
domestic manufacturing opportunities arising out of BIS related regulation in India. 
Faucet business: The Faucet business is also shaping as a quite important growth category. Like 
I said last time, every kitchen sink needs a faucet . Carysil has commenced manufacturing of 
stainless steel kitchen faucets as well as brass faucets, along with the powder coating color 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 4 of 13 
 
solution. And the last launch was our water RO solution where you can have a drinking water 
where my Mantra is "Every Indian should drink from Carysil faucet". We have that dream. The 
portfolio is aligned and evolved export standards across Europe, U.S. and other countries. We're 
already getting some encouraging responses from our global customers. 
On the export front, demand visibility improved steadily during FY26 across key international 
markets following positive trade developments globally, U.S, Europe, Middle East, etcetera, 
important growth regions of the company. Looking ahead, we are focusing on the market 
opportunities like Far East to boost our broader strategy to deepen its global footprint to diversify 
our export base. 
We also see a large opportunity in Germany and neighborhood countries in Europe. And we feel 
that we have not yet penetrated. We have still a lot to penetrate hence we have hired a new 
business development manager based out of Germany. His job is to develop new customers in 
Germany to start with. 
The Middle East business continues to perform in spite of the geopolitical situations not quite 
well. We're also expanding our branded stores across the Gulf region. We have a second store 
opening in UAE coming soon very shortly. The company is also strengthening its presence in 
Europe, Southeast Asia, Australia and other key Asia Pacific markets and other emerging 
markets through distributor and strategic partnerships. 
Increasing traction from large-format retailer institutional customers further reinforces 
management confidence on the export opportunity. The company's international subsidiaries 
witnessed to do healthy momentum in FY26. Carysil  Corporation USA achieved an operational 
breakeven during the year by improving scale and stronger customer traction while improving 
strong margins. FZ LLC of our UAE based company continued its performance by healthy 
demand expanding presence across Middle East region. 
India business and online expansion:  
The India business delivered healthy growth, supported by improving retail demand, OEM 
traction, new product launches, deeper market penetration and distributor expansion by 
broadening our sales team. Carysil continues to strengthen its domestic franchisee to investment 
in dealer expansion experience center, brand stores, modern trade, digital-first and consuming 
initiatives with FOFO model, Franchise Owned Franchise Operated. 
The company also launched dedicated B2B vertical, which was completely absent, which is 
going to target the top architects and builder institutions in India to scale up our sales in the B2B 
institutional market. Now the most encouraging development is to see the strong traction in 
online business, which contributed approximately INR5 crores during FY26 and is expected to 
scale meaningfully as consumer preference increasingly shift towards digital home. 
The company has strengthened digital e-com to launch Carysil-led brand called Carissa for B2C 
model. With an expanding portfolio of faucet and other kitchen categories. Carysil witnessing 
cross-selling opportunities across India, distribution network is expected to strengthen customer 
engagement and improve wallet share and support long-term scale growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 5 of 13 
 
One point I forgot to mention that on the company online, we have been able to crack upon the 
major Alpha distribution with the largest e-com marketplace in India. And we see the e-com 
sales running into 2x, 3x for the current year.  
Carysil 2.0, building the future Innovaxpo '26  
FY27 Beginning is Carysil’s next phase with a clear strategic vision of making the largest 
kitchen hub in India, a dream of Make in India. Carysil building capabilities across Sinks, 
appliances, faucets and smart kitchen solutions with automation, quality, design and brand 
building. Company also sees strengthening its international business in key markets. The 
response to newly launched product in Innovaxpo '26 and recent customer interact has been 
highly encouraging and reinforces management confidence in the strategy going. 
The company continues to invest across manufacturing, automation, development in AI, digital 
capabilities, distribution expansion, international market guided by a long-term aspiration of 
building a $1 billion kitchen business. Carysil believes foundation with this vision is steadily 
taking shape for disciplined execution and sustained investment across business. 
Now with multiple growth engines, expanding simultaneously across exports, India, 
distribution, OEM partnership alliances, new products like faucets, new channels, new digital 
channels. Carysil believes it has entered clearly the next phase of structurally stronger and more 
diversified growth. 
FY27 is expected to be a very important and a crucial year of execution, capacity expansion and 
capability building. Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Anand Sharma, Executive 
Director and Group CFO, who will take you through the financial performance in greater detail. 
Thank you. 
Anand Sharma: 
Good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the company's consolidated financial 
performance for the quarter and full year ended FY26.  
Quarter 4 FY26 performance: 
                                                Consolidated total income for quarter 4 FY26 stood at INR237 crores as compared to INR205 
crores in Q4 FY25, registering growth of 16%. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR48 crores 
as against INR36 crores in corresponding last year quarter, reflecting growth of 33%. EBITDA 
margin for quarter 4 FY26 stood at 20.3%, up by 277 basis points. 
Profit after tax and minority interest for the quarter stood at INR27 crores as compared to INR19 
crores of Q4 FY25, growth of 42%. During the quarter, Quartz Sink sales volume stood at 
195.5K, stainless steel volume stood at 44.6K while kitchen appliances and other volumes stood 
at 8.5K. Faucet recorded sales volume of 10.2K units.  
FY26 performance: 
In FY26, consolidated total income stood at INR932 crores as against INR820 crores in FY25 
delivering growth of 14%.EBITDA for FY26 stood at INR185 crores as compared to INR142 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 6 of 13 
 
crores in FY25, reflecting strong growth of 30%, while EBITDA margin improved to 19.9% as 
compared to 17.3% previous year. Profit after tax and MI interest for FY26 stood by INR98 
crores as against INR64 crores in FY25 registering healthy growth of 53%.The improvement in 
profitability was driven by healthy operating leverage, improved product mix, higher 
contribution from value-added products and continued focus on operational efficiency across 
businesses. From the balance sheet perspective, gross debt stood at INR270 crores as on 31 
March 2026, while cash and bank balance stood at INR59 crores. 
During FY26, company incurred total capex of INR68 crores towards plant and machinery, 
capacity enhancement, automation initiative, and other infrastructure-led investment to support 
future growth. With this, we conclude the financial performance update. We will now open the 
floor for question and answer. Over to you, operator. 
Moderator: 
The first question come from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay Investments. 
Naman Parmar: 
Yes. Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on great set of number. So 
firstly, I wanted to understand on the U.K. market specifically. So how has been the demand 
scenario on that market side? And if you can break up the capacity on the U.K. market because 
in U.K. market also if you are manufacturing then you also would be selling that to the U.S. or 
the other region, right? So how much of the total capacity situated in the U.K. market? 
Chirag Parekh: 
 I'll answer the second question first. So the U.K. manufacturing is completely dedicated for the 
U.K. market only. That's one. Number 2 is -- you see the U.K., there is no doubt U.K. market is 
tough right now, but we've been doing, I think, quite well. Our team is on it. What we had a visit 
of our CEO last month, in the Innovaxpo. 
And I think what is interesting part is while U.K. is facing challenges,  whatever the result, what 
we are giving right now is at the worst crisis the U.K. can pass, it seems very clearly that U.K. 
is bottomed out.We are so resilient due to our low-cost model. Most of the products are being 
exported from India to U.K. that we feel that the opportunities are very large. 
So for example, we have developed about 15 new customers in the last 3 quarters, which are big 
changes in the U.K. market where Europe will not able to sustain at a low price competition. So 
the things are tough, challenging, but the market, we are increasing our market share, and that's 
how we are sustaining in U.K. at this point of time. 
Naman Parmar: 
Okay. And what is the capacity in the U.K. market? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Capacity in sense? 
Naman Parmar: 
For the Quartz Sink and the Stainless Steel... 
Chirag Parekh: 
No, we are not manufacturing anything over there. We are only manufacturing solid surfaces 
We're not doing anything there... 
Naman Parmar: 
And lastly, on the Indian market, like if we see like there has been a very good penetration from 
16% of the revenue. It has come a bit higher to 20% of the revenue. So like you mentioned about 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 7 of 13 
 
the e-commerce deal So how has been the distribution network has been getting span out over? 
And what's your outlook for the Indian market going forward? 
Chirag Parekh: 
 I'll just touch you a broader picture. So I think it's very clear we want to touch our INR500 
crores sale within 5 years in India. As India, I think we are as a brand and as our product 
portfolio, I think we are underperforming. I think we have actually not kind of shift our gears in 
India. This is the first time we are shifting our gears in India. 
So I think on a longer run, if you are to achieve a turnover of INR500 crores within the next less 
than 5 years, we will have to grow at a rate of 30%, 40% year-on-year. And the company with 
all the expansion and what the new product launches with the new team, we will be at it to see 
that we are now able to have a substantial market share in India. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Vaidik Bafna from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
Congratulations, sir, on a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on the forex side. What 
kind of forex gains have been recorded in the quarter? And how much of it has been impacted 
in our revenue and margins? 
Anand Sharma: 
So Vaidik, we have INR2.5 crores gain in the quarter 4 on the forex side. And what was the next 
question, sorry? 
Vaidik Bafna: 
How has it impacted the margin? How has that impacted our margins and revenue? 
Anand Sharma: 
So margin it's like less than 1%, 0.5%. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
And on the top line impact. 
Anand Sharma: 
Top line impact is this only because whatever gain coming that is reflected in the exchange gain, 
whatever billing happened, that is all the same price, which is on the date of the sales. 
Chirag Parekh: 
What he is asking what the incremental you got because of forex 
Anand Sharma: 
INR2.5 crore 
Chirag Parekh: 
So I think I can answer that. So I think the forex -- the rupee has depreciated roughly about at 
5% to 6%. I think that will be the sales gain what we have got. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, now second thing is on the Quartz Sink capacity, which is expected to 
come in this year. So by when should we expect this to come? And how much utilization do we 
see that we can achieve over here? 
Chirag Parekh: 
We said it's going to be commissioned. So we already started the ground digging and all that. So 
we are looking at to finish it quarter 4 FY27. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
And sir, the recent capacity being added on the stainless side, and we can see that commissioning 
has started today. So sir, once this capacity expansion. So what would be driven over here? Have 
we added new clients? Or have we increased our wallet share from existing clients? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Chirag Parekh: 
Both. We have increased our wallet share -- we have also got some new export opportunities. 
And third, we have already mentioned like large players like GROHE, Kohler and Häfele are 
also tied up with us. We are already falling short on their capacity. So we already are having 
backlogs. So this increase in capacity would be mature within the next 90 days. So we have 
already started, gradually it will start, but it will be more mature in the next 90 days. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, last thing is on your guidance for revenue. Can we achieve more than 
20% revenue growth in the coming years with new capacities on board and very aggressive 
domestic expansion... 
Anand Sharma: 
It's a tough one, isn't it, for me to answer this. We have added-- our growth guidance of between 
15%, 20% right now remains in place with a 18% to 20% margin guidance. The geopolitical 
adversities are very, very strong. I cannot even say the future what it is. But we stick to our 
guidance what we have mentioned before. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
Okay. Sir, 1 last thing is on the gas issues, which were there globally during the quarter. So what 
is your view over it? And also, sir, did you face any freight disruption in terms of exporting the 
products to U.S., U.K. or the UAE, have we seen any increase in time line of reaching the 
products to the final destination? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes, yes. So there is -- so I think there's no question to answer a question to there is the 100%. I 
think there is a lot of disruptions on freight, but team is managing well. Somewhere we have 
delays on getting the containers, somewhere delays of getting the ships reaching the customer. 
So that is there. I think that's going to be there, but that's something which is out of control on 
everybody's hands but we are doing our best to manage it. And your first question was on the 
cap portals, I didn't understand. 
Management: 
Cap, what was -- I didn't understand. 
Vaidik Bafna: 
Sir, my first question was on the gas availability. 
Anand Sharma: 
Gas availability. So currently, we are getting 100% supply. So it was for only a few weeks, it 
was not available. Now it's 100% operational. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Mudit Pincha from Cycas Investment Advisors. 
Mudit Pincha: 
Congratulation, sir, on a great set of numbers. My question is regarding the 5-year India revenue 
target of INR500 crores. So this year, you did like INR175 crores, so that means roughly 25% 
CAGR for the next 5 years. Given the premium positioning of Carysil and active brand 
investments. Don't you think this target appears quite conservative? 
Anand Sharma: 
Let us be conservative. If it goes higher, it will go higher… 
Chirag Parekh: 
Because we are realistic. We all know a lot of the adverse situation going around. So we have to 
be  and it is conservative, yes, but it is really a quite good growth and even to do this growth, it 
is going to be challenging. It's not going to be easy with this because we are at a -- what we call 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 9 of 13 
 
a launch phase to scale up our India. So I think once 1 or 2 years, if you're able to achieve this, 
and I think the momentum is going to pick up. 
Mudit Pincha: 
Okay, sir. Sir, also you mentioned that the U.K. market has bottomed out about the Europe 
market, Europe has been impacted by weak housing demand, inflation and higher energy costs 
and a softer consumer sentiment over the past few years. Given Europe is a key market for 
Carysil, how have the demand trends evolved over the last few quarters in sinks and appliances. 
Are you seeing any recovery in order inflows or customer confidence? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Good question. So first of all, I want to say Europe comprises of more than 20 countries. We are 
spread across 12 countries across Europe. Second, I've always been saying that most of our 
European competition has gone very weak because of this. So most of the market share we are 
taking off that with the large kitchen manufacturers and large retail stores. Point number 3 is that 
we have been suddenly seeing a good traction of order coming from Europe. 
Now whether it is I'm sure it is to do more with  taking on the market share of our competition. 
But we slowly feel that things are improving in Europe as far as the kitchens are concerned. One 
thing Europe does not compromise is this kitchen. That is every 4 to 5 years, they change the 
kitchen irrespective what it is. So that's the advantage you get when you are positioning at a 
premium segment of the market. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Sunil Jain: 
Congratulations on good numbers. Sir, my question relates to India business. The Indian 
business margins are similar to the company level margin or they are at a development stage? 
Chirag Parekh: 
 Our gross margins are value addition in a few of the product categories even better than the 
exports and there is thanks to the new value-added products that we have introduced. So on the 
net profit side, because of the higher marketing costs, we had a launch phase, and we are 
recruiting new teams on a net level, it is lower than export. But moving forward, as we are able 
to get scale, the margin improvement is going to happen. 
Sunil Jain: 
So any target for ad spend or sales development expense? 
Chirag Parekh: 
 So total, that we have marketing development, we have benchmarked at it about 10% -- to 10% 
of our sales, and we are sticking to that. If any of the 1 or 2 quarters on exhibitions happen, that 
is like a onetime cost minus that we will be benchmarking 10%. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pragyam Laddha from Omnee Securities. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my question is I really want to understand the 
majority of our revenue is followed from export market, what are risk mitigation techniques you 
used that we posted such good numbers? My first question is this. 
Chirag Parekh: 
What is the...? 
Anand Sharma: 
What we are doing to get the good number. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Chirag Parekh: 
Good, right?  Yes, I think great trust relationships what our company has built over this period 
of time, and that is what result is. That's number one. Second is we have been very persistent on 
getting the new customers like Lowe's, Home Depot, just giving you an example that I've been 
going there in the United States and playing golf with them for the last 15 years, right? Like I 
will come back, tan myself under the sun. So the there is no pain, no gain. You've got to burn 
some tire. 
I think is a persistency what our company has done to gain these new customers. Third is the 
exposure and the visibility of our company as we are able to reach scale and be able to penetrate 
to large and well-known OEM customers. The more the visibility of our company as a brand is 
coming, and that is adding a lot of trust. And fourth and the last thing is that  we are really ahead 
of the curve in terms of technology, quality and in terms of price. 
So we are probably the lowest cost producer in premium category of branded sinks and now also 
in the stainless steel. I think an that I think we are earning that a very strong reputation on it. 
And I think based on these 4 pillars, I think we see that the next 5-year ride is going to be quite 
good. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
And we are not facing any issues in Q1? Like any trade disruptions or delays in shipping the 
product? . 
Chirag Parekh: 
 It is. The disruptions are happening. Delays are happening with the container. That's how it's 
not with us. It's with every industry. So I think for some short time, I think we got a deal. 
Customers understand so we have to deal with it. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
Okay. Sir, second question is, currently, if I'm not wrong, our appliances capacity is around 
50,000 if I'm not wrong. And we are increasing it by 50,000 by FY28, right? So do you see it 
ramping up in phases? like will any capacity come in FY27 or will entire capacity be operational 
in FY28. And what would be the utilization in the first year? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So we are erecting a brand-new plant for appliances. We are in touch with some very large 
international companies for a collaboration on this. And I think soon we'll be closing on that. 
And based on that, a complete new assembly line will be in. The 1 what we have of 50,000 hoods 
is more of a pilot production what we are doing. 
So to answer your question, the whole capacity increase of 100,000 units  is going to come in 
two phases - --50,000 plus 50,000. So 100,000 units in total. The first 50,000 units will come as 
phase 1, and that is going to come in FY28. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Anupama from Ratnatraya Capital. 
Anupama: 
Sir, how much of capex is required for this 50,000 units of appliances that we are talking about? 
Or how will you manage this? . 
Chirag Parekh: 
So overall, the overall capacity, what we are building the infra, we are building for about 200,000 
units. The first phase is 50,000 units. The total infra cost right now, it is coming at about -- about 
INR30 crores to INR40 crores which is building and the assembly line. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Anupama: 
Okay. On the Quartz capacity, sir, you said it will be coming on Q1 FY28. I understand. So... 
Chirag Parekh: 
Sorry. It was no, no, sorry. I would like to clarify. Finally, I did clarify, it is quarter 4 FY27. 
Anupama: 
Okay. So our capacity is going from where to where right now in Quartz? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So we are increasing by 250,000 units, it will be 12,50,000 units 
Anupama: 
Okay. And we do expect this capacity to get utilized within 2 years? Or how do we look at it? 
Chirag Parekh: 
I think right now, I think looking at what the business traction is, let us see. Are we good, but I 
think it will -- let's see, probably in a year's time, maximum. We -- if things go really well, I 
think we can really do it in less than 6 months. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sagar Jethwani from Phillip Capital PMS. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Yes. Congratulations on a good Q4. Just three questions, actually. What led to 50% growth in 
volumes in stainless steel on a Y-o-Y basis and even there is a good amount of jump in sequential 
volumes. So that's my first question. Secondly, can our margins improve more than 20% if we 
grow our revenues by, say, 18% to 20%, so can we achieve some good amount of operating 
leverage at this rate of revenue growth going ahead? That is second. Third, would you be able 
to provide a margin for kitchen appliances and faucet business? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Sure. So I'll take your question. First is the scale in the stainless steel business is launching of 
high-end products and strong demand for that in the Indian market. And secondly, we started 
the OEM supplies to brands like Hafele and Kohler. So I think that's where we got the scale and 
that's why we are expanding our capacity. Point number 2 is, yes, I think it is going to be a 
volume-led growth and margin expansion potential is there. 
At the same time, we need to see there a lot of geopolitical issues going on, but our margin 
guidance will be staying at 18%, 20%. If things go really well, then yes, there is a potential of 
margin expansion when the geopolitical situation normalizes. But our obviously endeavor is 
there that we do -- we try to do better than what we have suggested. That's two. Third is on the 
-- or yes, on the margin side. 
So I think on  the kitchen hoods and the faucets, I think moving forward, is going to have the 
best margins. Approximately it's going at about 50% to 60% gross margins  and with the new 
products, which we plan to have a -- our gross margin guidance between going to be around 
60%. I think that's what we're going to do. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Lastly, how our MMA prices? Last question. 
Chirag Parekh: 
MMA prices are on the rise. They are increasing. Which is they say at a short level, but they 
have stopped increasing. That's a second good thing. So the bad thing, it has increased. Second 
thing is it has stopped increasing. And third thing, good thing that we have been able to mostly 
have been able to pass on to our customers. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Currently, how much are they -- sorry, just a follow-up. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes. So I'm just saying the price has increased by about 30% approximately 30%, 35%. 
Sagar Jethwani: 
Sequentially? 
Chirag Parekh: 
During the last quarter, it increased by around 25% to 30% in the last 2 months. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Disha Jain with Ethos Growth Ventures. . 
Disha Jain: 
So I just wanted to ask how should we think about the sustainability of the current margins across 
cycles what would be the separation between the product mix and operating leverage benefit 
versus the material tailwind, raw material tailwinds like MMA, if that happens? 
Chirag Parekh: 
Yes.  I think like I said, it's going to be like a volume-led growth. I mean the company, the new 
tie-ups that we have done whether it's stainless steel or whether it's a Quartz Sink, I think we are 
having good operating margins or gross margins for both the product lines. Our company is also 
moving into a lot of technology disruption like we are introducing a lot of automation. 
So it will be a big operating leverage. So I think it's going to be  a mix of a product mix, high 
margin product mix and with automation operating leverage, which will drive the forward. And 
the third is that, one, we are doing a lot of innovation within our company.  
So for example, we have kind of have got a breakthrough in 2, 3 big technology advancement 
in quartz and in the stainless steel, which is going to significantly in one of the cases, reduce our 
manufacturing costs. And in other case, it is going to go to improve our sales price. 
So that is something we have been trying to achieve for a long, long time. And our team, I think, 
has done a great job in this. Basically, we're trying to do is that once you want to achieve scale, 
you need to try to touch upon the new landscape and horizons, which our competition is into and 
that means you need to try to match with that price. 
And secondly, you need to come out with not just pricing, but in Europe and the United States, 
you need to come with a more better material, which our competition is making. So I think that's 
where we've been - we have got the breakthroughs in that, and we would be driving growth as 
one of our growth drivers would be that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Pragyam Laddha with Omnee Securities. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
Sorry, sir, my line was disconnected. So sir, the next question I was about to ask is, is the surface 
revenue going to remain in the same line, growing at like 5%, 6% every year. Is it going to be 
the same? 
Anand Sharma: 
You're talking about surface business growth? 
Pragyam Laddha: 
Yes, surface. 
Chirag Parekh: 
So right now, the U.K. market, as I said, is bottomed out, I think is going flat. U.S., we have 
seen in the last quarters are quite a significant improvement, what it is. The sales have grown by 
10%. So if we've been constantly innovating this bringing launching new high-margin products 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carysil Limited 
 
May 21, 2026 
Page 13 of 13 
 
over there. So I think this we are, like, for example, our next year AOP budget is about 10% 
increase. So I think we will be looking at about a 10% growth targeting 10%, we can land up 
about 7%, 8% on surfaces side, yes. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
Sir, our current appliance sale, appliance and faucet sales for the year was around 75,000 I just 
want to understand that our capacity is 50,000, but our sales is 75,000, how does it math out? 
Anand Sharma: 
No, that is a segment where appliances, facet and others are added together. So appliances, you're 
talking appliances only appliances. There is another capacity of INR50,000 for faucets. So that 
includes everything. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Khush Shah with Vivog Commercial Pvt. Ltd. 
Khush Shah: 
So my question would be regarding the fixed asset side there, how much would be the fixed 
assets are going to be increased in the following years apart from the capex that you had 
announced? 
Anand Sharma: 
So we had a capex plan of around INR70 to INR75 crores for this financial year. 
Khush Shah: 
And for the following year, is there any plan of another capex? 
Anand Sharma: 
We have not yet decided. We will review that in quarter 2, and then we'll decide for the next 
financial year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. I would 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks. Thank you, and over 
to your team. 
Chirag Parekh: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope we've been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
However, if you need any further clarification or want to know more about the company, you 
can please contact GIA team, our investor relation advisors. Thank you. Jai Hind. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
