 
 
 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
Listing Manager, 
 
 
 
 
 
The Secretary, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
 
BSE Limited, 
(Through NEAPS) 
 
 
 
 
 
(Through BSE Listing Centre)  
Symbol: EMIL 
 
 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 543626 
Series: EQ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ISIN: INE02YR01019 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Subject: Disclosure of transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and 
Financial Year ended 31st March 2026 held on 22nd May 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call held on 
Friday, 22nd May 2026, at 03:00 P.M. IST to discuss the Audited Financial Results for the 
Fourth Quarter and Financial Year ended 31st March 2026. The same is also available on the 
website of the Company at the link below: 
 
https://investors.electronicsmartindia.com/earning-call-transcripts-and-investors-presentation 
 
We request that you take this information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
For and on behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Date: 27th May 2026 
Place: Hyderabad 
ELECTRONIC58 
MART 
AUDIO & BEYOND' 
KITCH: N' 
STORIES 
BAJAJS 
ELECTRONICS 
EAsv· 
KITC:1-1: NS 
Regd. Office: 6-1-91 , Shop No. 10, Ground Floor, 
Corporate Office: M.No. 6-3-666/A1 to 7, 
Zonal Office : 35 - Link Road, Lajpat Nagar Ill, 
Next to Telephone Bhavan, Secretariat Road, 
Opp. NIMS Hospital, Punjagutta Main Road, 
New Delhi - 110024. Ph: 011-45546292 
Saifabad, Hyderabad - 500004 
Hyderabad - 500082. Ph : 040-23230244 
ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED I CIN No.: L52605TG2018PLC126593 
E-mail: communications@bajajelectronics.in 
Website : www.electronicsmartindia.com 
RAJIV 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV KUMAR 
Date: 2026.05.27 
17:31:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
“Electronics Mart India Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARAN BAJAJ – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
PROMOTER – ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED  
 
MR. PREMCHAND DEVARAKONDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ELECTRONICS MART INDIA LIMITED 
 
STRATEGY GROWTH ADVISORS, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS – ELECTRONICS MART INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Eledronic.s Mart India Umited 
EM/Jt,.. 
Eleelronlcs Mart India LJmiled~ 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call, 
for Electronics Mart India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note, that this conference is being recorded. 
This conference may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based 
on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bajaj, CEO and Promoter. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and a very warm welcome to everybody present on the 
call. Along with me, I have Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, our Chief Financial Officer, and SGA, 
our Investor Relations Advisors. 
We have uploaded our results and investor presentation for the quarter end and financial year 
ended 31st  March 2026, on the stock exchange and the company's website. I hope everyone had 
an opportunity to go through the same. 
The quarter got off at a healthy start, supported by a summer season that outperformed. While 
March business, some temperature volatility and sporadic rainfall, the impact was well offset by 
a strong festive season across the South region. 
Our sales mix remained broadly in line with the same period last year, and demand was robust 
across categories and each segment delivering double-digit growth. Large appliances, in 
particular, benefited from the GST reduction and festival consumption tailwinds. 
We also saw a meaningful operating leverage coming through, resulting in an improvement in 
our operating margins, even as we continue to add new stores to our network. On the store 
expansion front, during the Q4FY26, we added 4 new set of stores, one each in NCR region, 
Telangana and 2 in Andhra Pradesh. 
I'm also pleased to share that during this, both the South and North regions delivered double-
digit growth in both revenue and same-store sales growth. To provide a clear picture of our store 
portfolio, we currently operate 223 stores, of which 83 are over 4 years old and 140 are less than 
4 years old. 
From a profitability standpoint, mature stores continue to demonstrate strong performance with 
an EBITDA margin of approximately 7.3%, while newer stores are currently operating at 3.1%, 
consistent with their stage of ramp-up. 
We expect many of these stores to mature over the next couple of years and start delivering 
better margins. EBITDA margins for Q4 FY26 stood at 6.7% and 6.1% for FY '26. On cluster-
level profitability, we continue to maintain a healthy EBITDA margin of 6.5% in our South 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
cluster, which is good especially given that the majority of our new store additions over the past 
2 years have been concentrated in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. 
Importantly, despite the entry of new players into these markets, we have been able to sustain 
our market share. On NCR, I am pleased to share that our operations they are now EBITDA 
positive on a full year basis. As store-level throughput improves, we expect better absorption of 
fixed cost, which should drive further margin improvement in the region over the coming 
quarters. 
Moving to category performance, in large appliance, the positive momentum we have been 
observing at the store level, driven by GST reduction and festive demand and new product 
launches have continued. 
Washing machines are reporting strong double-digit growth in Q4 FY26, which is particularly 
encouraging given that the category typically sees stronger traction during the monsoon season. 
The growth seen over the last 2 quarters is, therefore, ahead of season norms. 
Panel continued their double-digit growth trajectory at 13%, sustaining a tailwind from GST 
reduction. Refrigerators have maintained stable, with steady demand holding up even in the face 
of recent price increase. 
We are also seeing healthy traction building up near -- and the newer and the emerging categories 
such as induction cooktops, dishwashers and air coolers. Coming to mobile phones, the segment 
recorded a strong growth of 28% in Q4 FY26, supported by major new launches in January and 
March. 
Looking ahead, we believe that the mobile category in the next phase of this demand cycle driven 
by upcoming technology upgrades and the growing integration of AI capabilities into devices. 
Several OEMs are actively developing next-generation AI-enabled smartphones, which we 
expect will stimulate some consumer interest and support growth in both average selling price 
and volumes. 
On inventory days outstanding as of 31st  March'26 stood at 73 days. We have managed inventory 
efficiently throughout the year, maintaining a well-calibrated mix of carry forward and of new 
AC models ensuring we were well positioned heading into the summer season. 
Coming to FY '27, our priorities are clear. We will continue to optimize our supply chain and 
inventory management with a sharp focus on cash flow generation and working capital 
efficiency. 
We will deepen our presence in existing clusters while remaining selective about new 
geographies and only with where the combination of consumer demand and unit economics 
meets our standards. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
And above all, we will continue to invest in customer experience, because that is what we have 
defined EMIL’s reputation over decades and in the, remain -- and it will remain the foundation 
of everything we're doing -- going forward. 
With this, I request Mr. Premchand Devarakonda, our CFO, to update you on the financial 
performance. Thank you, all. 
Premchand Devarakonda: Thank you, Karan sir. Good afternoon and warm welcome to all the participants. I would like to 
start with Q4 FY26 performance.  
                                                Our revenues for the quarter stood at INR1,913 crores versus INR1,664 crores in Q4 FY '25, a 
growth of 15%. 
EBITDA for Q4 FY26 stood at INR129 crores versus INR107 crores in Q4 FY25, witnessing a 
growth of 20%. EBITDA margin for Q4 FY26 stood at 6.7% versus 5.6% of the previous year's 
fourth quarter. 
Pre Ind AS EBITDA for Q4 FY26 stood at INR91 crores with a margin of 4.7%, PAT for Q4 
FY26 stood at INR40 crores shown a growth of approximately 49%. SSSG for Q4 FY26 has 
been 12.2%. 
Now moving on to FY26 financials,  
Our revenues for FY26 stood at INR7,183 crores versus INR6,731 crores in FY25, a growth of 
7%. EBITDA for FY '26 stood at INR438 crores and EBITDA margin for FY26 stood at 6.1%. 
PAT for FY26 stood at INR107 crores. And for FY26, SSSG stood at 5.3%, pre Ind AS cash 
flow from operations for the year stood at INR299 crores. 
With this, we can open the floor for question-and-answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Manoj Gori with Equirus Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Gori: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity sir. Sir my first question is, if I look at the overall numbers 
for Q4, one thing actually was notable was that Hyderabad SSSG was into double-digits. And 
this has been after a very long time that we are seeing -- sorry -- we are seeing strong SSSG into 
Hyderabad market. 
And probably based on our channel checks, even Q1 seems to be extremely on a stronger note. 
So how should we read this from a Hyderabad market for FY27? That's my first question. I will 
come to the second question? 
Karan Bajaj: 
yeah. Good afternoon, Manoj ji. As you correctly that, we also have seen a good SSSG coming 
to in Hyderabad in the last quarter as well. And even this quarter, the beginning has been really 
good. 
So -- but I would attribute this majority of the sales coming in from a lot of benefit that has come 
our way, especially post-September the benefit of GST dropped. The tailwinds that led towards 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
a lot of improvement in categories like televisions, washing machines, dishwashers -- and in the 
last couple of months, we've seen refrigerators and cooling products also doing really good. 
So once you see a bump coming in from all categories, definitely you would see this kind of an 
SSSG come through. But I would say that at the same time, like there were a lot of big launches 
in mobile phones and Androids and from Samsung, from OPPO, Vivo during the last quarter as 
well. 
So mobile phones also performed really well. Cooling products are doing really good. So, if you 
see blended, you can see a double-digit SSSG as you can see in Q4. So that is the number, I 
would say that has been attributed to all the product categories because everybody is performing 
not just one category. 
Manoj Gori: 
Sure. Sure. Secondly, if I'm not wrong, the -- when I look at the product mix, large appliances 
product mix has declined from 47% to 42% for fourth quarter. And despite that, the gross 
margins have remained very stable. So that's one more thing, which we believe like seems to be 
on the positive side. 
So how should we read here and probably how should we look at the gross margins in the coming 
time? And obviously, you were talking about the margin improvement. So if you can comment 
over there? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So Manoj ji, again, there are smaller changes that we have made internally across categories, 
even mobile phones, even trying to do a lot of attachment there with accessories to improve our 
margins in mobile as well. 
Apart from the cooling product categories, which there was a delay in starting off during that 
quarter because last year, Jan, Feb did really well versus Jan, Feb was a little slow in cooling 
product categories this year. 
You see a mix of the margin being almost similar or getting a little better is because the 
throughput to other categories also was quite strong. And we're trying to improve our margins 
wherever we can even in mobile phones, accessories, adding up of new categories like built-in 
appliances, audio, accessories. 
So we definitely -- these product categories have a higher gross margin, and that is helping us 
improve. So I don't know how long will it take for us to shape up those other categories, but 
making sure that all categories that we are selling are selling with a certain productive gross 
margin improvement there as well. 
Manoj Gori: 
Sure, sir. Last question, if I may. If I look at the cash flow from operations, I think this has been 
the record cash flow generation that we have done in our history. Probably, how do we plan to 
utilize it? Do we expect to repay loans and probably help strengthen our balance sheet or 
probably any plans that you have for FY '27 and '28 for the utilization of this CFO? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So Manoj ji, the repayment of loans that we've taken against property that remains the same. So 
there will be no repayment of that that is going to be more organic. So whenever there is like 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
every quarter or every month, whatever we pay for those loans is going to be a part of that. But 
our working capital requirement has definitely come down. So cash flows have already been 
prudent to reduce the working capital. 
So now once -- by the end of this quarter, end of quarter 1, this year, also, you'll see a much 
more, higher improvement in our working capital cycles. So the cash flows have all been 
deployed into other business and whereas the working capital requirement has definitely gone 
down to what it was during the same period last year. 
Manoj Gori: 
Sure, sir. Thank you, sir, and wish you all the best. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you, Manoj ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal with Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Yes. Hi, Karan. Congratulations, on good numbers and thanks for the opportunity. Karan, 
summer season is expected to be strong this time around. And last year, we know that the base 
is quite comfortable. Can you guide us some bit on your growth expectation across regions for 
FY '27, it will be helpful? 
Karan Bajaj; 
Sir, if you ask me, it is too early to comment right now, because see, Delhi, the summer started 
a little late. Delhi, it's been a little warmer from the last one week onwards, whereas there was a 
little delay in summer starting up there. 
AP and Telangana have definitely outperformed on our expectations. But we still have 45 days 
left for this quarter to end, and that is 50% of the quarter time still left on board with us. We're 
still 10 days away in month of May and another 30 days in June. 
So I would say, a good positive outcome, but what helps us during this quarter is that the cooling 
product categories because our margins are higher there, if that outperforms expectation for the 
next 30, 40 days, then you would definitely see a great result coming through. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Understood. So Delhi so far has been slow to start but at least in the southern part if you could 
help us understand what has been the growth rate that can actually help us better sort of 
understand how comfortable the business... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Devanshu, Delhi again, see because of the base, we had a smaller base last year right. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Right. 
Karan Bajaj: 
So if the market is not performing well, then we have performed well in Delhi. But again, the 
value is very small on the total number of the company in terms of any category that we look at 
today. But Delhi expectations are big. Delhi, we are looking at a good double-digit growth 
coming in for this quarter. 
But now commenting on our existing Hyderabad number, I think it will be too early. But South 
region has also outperformed than our expectation or then the market. And we've definitely 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
gained our market share in AP as a cluster, Telangana, UP country market, where the 
competition is very stiff, where I think we've gained a lot of market share. 
And all clusters will give you a good number to go forward. So you will see a good growth 
coming in from a lot of stores that we've opened, which are yet to get matured. So there are a lot 
of reasons, the summer support it does, matured stores, the stores which are on the turn of getting 
matured are turning around to our numbers that we are doing. 
We've improved a lot in mobile phones, especially on mobile phone penetration in AP, 
Telangana was a little poor. We've been doing that also. So not only air conditioning, coolers or 
refrigerators, but other categories have also outperformed in the region. So you'll definitely see 
a good SSSG coming through from the matured stores from those regions. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. Karan, I also wanted to check on the extent of sourcing that is directly 
from brands and that by our distributors currently. So I wanted to understand, is there a scope to 
increase our sourcing directly from brands, which might help in margin improvement going 
ahead? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Devanshu, most of it is anyway done directly from the OEMs or the brands directly apart from 
a few categories like accessories or small appliances where the values are very low. It would not 
even contribute to more than INR50 crores a year that we would buy from local distributors 
because of the inventory management or any other issue. But apart from that, most of the 
sourcing now is done directly only. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. And is this applicable also to mobile phones category or you're speaking more from a 
large appliance perspective? 
Karan Bajaj: 
I'm talking about the group, the whole group. So if you're talking about a INR7,000-plus crores 
revenue, only INR50 odd crores comes in from the distributors, going forward. And that also is 
reducing day-by-day. 
So it does make to do with the logistics for the smaller products and accessories, headphones, 
sound bars where logistically, it becomes a challenge to distribute to 200 stores of those local 
distributors are used in those regions. But apart from that, the majority of the products going 
forward also will be through a direct billing. 
But anyways, if it's direct or indirect through big distributors, it doesn't change our margin 
anyways, because the brand directly get involved in giving us the margins, so we enjoy same 
cash discount, the same schemes that direct or indirect billing would enjoy because of our 
volumes, it doesn't matter much to us now. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. And last question from my end, Karan, you mentioned in your remarks that there is a 
sizable difference between margins for mature stores and young stores. By when do you expect 
these younger stores also to reach that 7% EBITDA margin that we sort of see in mature store 
portfolio? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
Karan Bajaj: 
Devanshu, there is a cycle in this. For example, let's say, 150 stores are yet to mature, which are 
below 4 years, okay. Now out of that, 20-30 stores will mature which will start giving you a 
margin of 5%-6%. But then your 20-30 new ones will also be added. 
So that 100-odd stores plus will always be in the cycle of getting matured at any time. But at the 
same time, idea is that, are the stores which are 2 years old, 3 years old or 15 months old, are 
they maturing in terms of revenue and EBITDA profitability, that is what we look at, and those 
stores are trending up really well. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, Karan. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Yash Sonthaliya with Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Hi team. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good set of numbers. So my first is a 
follow-up on the first question on gross profit margin, so basically is there anything which is 
related to mobile phone price hikes and any one-off in the margins or all this improvement after 
the mix change also the margin remaining stably structural for us, and it will continue 
happening? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes, I hope it continues to be this or get better than this because that is what we try now. Because 
as I told you earlier, there is a deep bifurcation of every category, every brand, every SKU, 
maintain gross margin levels across all regions. 
And you would see -- because you would see improvement coming through, especially in the 
Telangana or Andhra Pradesh market where the competitive scenario is very different in the 
stores, but still getting matured. 
The blended gross margin was because of the competition was a little poor there, which now we 
are improving here. So you would see not only like one reason for it, but multiple changes in the 
multiple in-depth push that we have across regions, that kind of category to better those margins 
up, not only at gross margin level, but even at the EBITDA level. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Got it. Got it. And my second question is more specific to RAC category, like there has been a 
lot of price hike recently. So how has been the absorption in the market? And how has it impacted 
the demand? And anything we are observing on our end which will impact our gross margins 
going ahead because of this price hike? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So yes, 2 things. Firstly, we had an advantage of carrying our previous inventory from last year. 
So that helped us in the initial beginning days of the summer starting of this year. And then we 
did do purchase, right, in January, February. 
We didn't pick up usually the way we would pick up, but anticipating a little demand, we already 
had picked up enough inventories tat the older pricing. So for us, we will not see a huge change 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
in pricing. During summer period, we still have some inventory left that is, sufficing our growth 
as well as our requirement. 
But at the same time, going probably going another 20 days or so, we would be then picking up 
a little more inventory than required. That would be at a newer price, but not with a major price 
increase, I'm talking about 2% or 3% maximum, not more than that. And we don't absorb any 
improvement in -- the hike in the price, it's all passed on to the customer. 
So if there is an increase of INR1,500 or INR2,000 depending on the SKU, it is all increasing 
the selling price in the store front. And that is how it is divided, either the manufacturer would 
take a hit or we'll have to increase the pricing on the store front. But usually, as a retailer, we 
can't afford -- with our margin we can't afford taking that price increase cost. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Got it. Got it. And one last question, like there has been some huge price hike in mobile phones. 
Was it already in this quarter or it will reflect in Q1 more? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So it has been happening, especially for the entry-level product categories in mobile phones, but 
unfortunately or fortunately, we don't -- we are not that strong in that INR15,000, subINR15,000-
INR18,000 kind of category. 
Our ASPs are about INR35,000, INR40,000 per mobile phone today. So if you look at the upper 
category, the price of iPhone, Google, FoldFlip, S20 Ultra, has not increased. If you look at 
Vivo, Oppo, Realme, Xiaomi the models below INR20,000 have seen a higher price increase. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Got it. So, it's not that important for us, makes Sense. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. Correct. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Thank you. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you, Yash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vineet with Investec. Please go ahead. 
Vineet: 
Hi Karan. Hi team. Good afternoon. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Hello. 
Vineet: 
I have a couple of questions. How are we seeing the store addition for the next year or next 
couple of years, number one. And which are the geographies where we'll add these stores? And 
a similar question to this is, are we looking at, any new geographies to foray into. And by when 
should we get into those new geographies. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Okay. So Vineet, we are currently concentrating on NCR, AP and Telangana. So organically, 
we will be looking at anywhere between 12 to 15 stores in this region. We'll be opening up at 
least 4 to 5 stores, which are getting ready in Delhi region and adding up another, 3 or 4 new 
contracts in that region as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
So probably this year, we might add 7 to 8 more stores in Delhi NCR region and a similar number 
down south. This would be organically happening as we talk. So we'll be opening some stores 
this quarter in the coming times as well in this financial year. 
And for the second question of yours for the new geography, we've short listed a few areas, out 
of which strongly we would be entering east and starting up base with Calcutta in the Eastern 
market organically. And here, we plan to open at least by, say, either the end of Q2 or the 
beginning of Q3, so that we can capture on the Durga Puja, Dussehra Diwali period there. 
We would at least start off with 5 to 7 stores in that region by the end of Q2 or the beginning of 
Q3. So Calcutta would be a new base for East. And from there on, we will start expanding 
organically in the Eastern part of the country. 
Vineet: 
Understood. Understood. So more like 20 store additions is what we plan for this year? 
Karan Bajaj: 
More or less, yes. 
Vineet: 
Understood and should we assume a normal sort of a capex, which we do on a per store basis 
for all of these so something in the region of INR3 crores to INR4 crores. 
Karan Bajaj 
All the store sizes, everything all that remains in line only. So like even the new regions, we at 
least plan to open 8,000-10,000 square feet stores. Some might be 7,000-6,000, some might be 
10,000-12,000 also. But the average would 8,000 to 10,000 square feet is what we look at with 
a similar capex, so similar product mix. So no changes there, the idea is to remain -- stick to our 
basics, what we are doing. 
Vineet: 
Understood. Understood. And just one more question from my side. Now when given the 
inflationary environment we are in, where essentially all the product categories are seeing 
significant price hikes. How does it work for us? 
Do we still work on a percentage margin basis or given pricing is going up, we are okay, lowering 
percentages a bit and focus more on absolute EBITDA growth. How does our thought process 
work in that scenario? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So definitely, percentage becomes the basis for our calculations irrespective of the price that we 
operate at, right? So if it is a INR1,00,000 phone, I can't expect, okay, I will earn INR1,000 in 
this and if it is a INR20,000 phone, I won't say that I will earn, 5%, INR.1,000. 
So usually it is a math of, you know, the percentage that we look at. But what we look at is that 
because the fixed expenses that we have to bear, they're marketing expenses, manpower, a lot of 
other things are in terms of fixed to us. 
So we at least make sure that when we look at profitability, we look at now on a deeper level, 
where we look at profitability per store, so to look at the productivity, how do we increase the 
productivity because it can't be a varied price between the categories in different stores, but it 
can be a varied price strategy for clusters like I can operate probably a Daikin AC at higher or 
low pricing, say, Delhi versus Andhra Pradesh Tier 2 town. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
But then that can be only leeway of 1% or 2%, I can't go drastic, I can't be higher than the market 
or way lower than the market. So it is going to be a balanced act. But if we look at least a certain 
percentage of gross margins that we retain on our product categories that we sell because mobile 
phones would be different to  large appliances to say kitchen appliances to, say, a Dyson product 
to an accessory product or a warranty product, right? So there is differed category-to-category. 
Vineet: 
Understood. Understood, Karan. This is helpful. Thank you so much. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you, Vineet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya with Long Equity Partners. 
Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yeah. Hi Karan. Congratulations on good results. My first question, sir, is on ASPs, right? I 
mean one of the struggles we -- all electronic retailers have is that the ASPs go down 5% to 15% 
every year, and this is what has been happening in the last 3, 4 years. But now it looks like the 
underlying deflationary trends may be changing towards inflationary. So any comment on, how 
do you see ASPs moving? 
Karan Bajaj: 
See, as you said see, there is a very thin line between how the, say, an online player or a mom-
and-pop store versus a premium modern retail store would look at ASPs. As you said, a few 
markets look at this problem differently. But we being a premium seller, we've always seen our 
graph of ASPs going up across categories. 
The value in the bill carts might be a little different, because you're talking about increase in a 
lot of newer low-price product category like accessories, audio product categories, which have 
increased a lot for us. So the ASP on the bill cut, you would see a little different scenario versus 
the individual ASP increase. 
So basically, the price of AC, TV or mobile has increased. So price of ASP is automatically 
increasing. If you sold the same volume last year, then ASPs have gone up at least by 5%-6% 
this year and on average. 
Star rating has increased in AC. So last year, 1.5 ton 3-star versus this year's 1.5 ton 3-star is 
higher by 5%, for example, so if you sold the same volume then your ASP increased by 5% but 
otherwise, a lot of improvement in technologies, a lot of ASP is going up. 
For example, after post-GST drop, people who were buying a 55-inch have started shifting to 
65-inch or 75-inch because it became more affordable. So automatically, if you're buying a big 
size, you're seeing a big ASP change, same thing with washing machines, refrigerators, 
accessories, every category. 
So people who buy an Airpod today, for example, earlier were buying a cheap say INR5,000--
INR6,000-headphone now, are buying a INR15,000-INR20,000 headphone. So every category 
is seeing a definite increase in ASP. So there is not even one single category across the board 
where we would see a reduction in ASPs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So just to summarize, I mean, generally, for example, TVs, we see 15% price decline across 
years is very common, even with the phone it's same, right? I mean like after 1 year, the older 
model goes down quite a bit. 
But what you are saying is on an average in every category, TV, phone, I mean, AC, refrigerators 
are still a bit different, more electronics. There, you are saying even there ASPs have gone up 
this year, and they might go up over next 2-3 years? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. Sir, you just gave a correct example. Sir, as you are talking about the market, there are 
many retailers who focus on entry-level product categories or majorly older models. So I have 
no idea if the ASPs are changing there. 
But as we have the iPhone 17 now, we don't sell the iPhone 17, for example. We sell the new 
and latest models of all the brands. So, there you will see an improvement in ASPs. But as you 
said, last year's iPhone 15 and 16 are there, so they will be at lower prices in the market because 
the iPhone 17 has come. 
But my mix on that product category is very low. But there are a lot of other retailers might be 
predominantly selling only 15 or 16. I would be selling only 17, 17 Pro Max. For me, the product 
mix is more premium always. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. That's clear. But the question is the rate of store opening has come off quite 
significantly in FY26 versus FY25. I think its 23 this year versus 40 last year. And I think that 
is what has come into the cash flow from operation. 
So is this now -- is there some change in strategy, because I remember in one of the discussions 
that what you had said is, whatever cash flow from operation we generate, everything will be 
reinvested back into the business. That is what we were looking at or thinking a few years ago. 
But is there some change now in the strategy? 
Karan Bajaj: 
No. No, that remains the same, but it is more to do with the penetration that you would have in 
a certain market. So Delhi was a new market. So we now had a majority of the stores opening 
up with Delhi. 
So for example, this year also when we plan to go to a new region and automatically with the 
organic existing region like NCR and South, you'd be adding up a new cluster altogether. So you 
will see that improvement. But we have a requirement of opening stores. We would definitely 
do that. 
But we're not shy away from that. But until and unless, we don't feel there's a potential in a 
certain market to open and expand further, we would slow down in that. So if you look at 
Hyderabad, Hyderabad, on an average, one or two stores open every year. 
Either we relocate our smaller stores to bigger ones or we find a new geography in Hyderabad. 
But because it is already an older market for us, already penetrated with a good number of stores 
here, we don't see more potential of opening stores like 10-15 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
So when we opened in Andhra, there were 70 stores in Andhra. Now there are 45 stores. There 
were 60 stores last year. From 55, we came to 70. We will go from 70 to 80. There will be 100 
stores there. 
See, there is no such potential. Then there, organically, like Vijayawada, Vishakhapatnam, in 
big towns, one store will keep opening, but like Delhi, in Delhi, you are looking at Noida, there 
will be an expansion. You are looking at Gurgaon, there will be an expansion. So periphery is 
more than the city. You will see the market around NCR, which will also expand for us. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So what we are saying is in our Telangana, Hyderabad, AP, NCR, in all 4 geographies, we have 
reached now enough scale and incremental store opening run rate will now be low. We'll not shy 
away, but on average, it looks like it will be now low? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. Correct. So organically, if you see, between the existing older clusters, we will be 
opening around not more than 20 odd stores this year. Rest, 20 plus how many will open in the 
new geography. Suppose you are going to a new geography, then you have to open 20 stores 
there. In 20, you will get 10 this year and 10 next year, so something like that. If you get 20 this 
year, then you will open all 20 together, right? 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And north cluster, any margin trajectory for FY27 and FY28. I mean, 
it's profitable now. So congratulations on that. But maybe FY28, you see it will be around south 
cluster margins or it will take longer? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Not this financial year, so you'll have to give me at least 20-24 months more because... 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
I'm asking FY28. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yeah. So by FY '28, we should at least not the same number as south, but at least a 3% to 4% 
higher number than what it is currently. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. Perfect. And there is this mature versus non-mature slide. So what I understood is 
what you are saying is that, 30 stores, for example, on average, will move from non-mature to 
mature? And then newer or whatever you open newer will get into non-mature, right? That is 
the rough understanding? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So maybe in FY28, is it fair to assume that mature or non-mature mix will move to 50-50? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Suppose in FY28, I suppose I enter -- giving an example, but don't catch me for that. But suppose 
I enter UP as a market, okay? So UP is, say, a 50-70-store kind of a market, right? Probably in 
one year, I might open 50-60 properties there, okay? And in FY28, if I feel I am getting 30-40 
properties, probably in one year, I might open 30-40 properties there, okay? 
So then, if that kind of an expansion happens in a bigger state, suppose if I have to go to Goa or 
if I have to go to Dehradun, I will open only one store each, you know, in a newer cluster, okay? 
So depending on the cluster that, after Calcutta, we would enter into, that would, you know, 
define this. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
But this is actually, you know, if you ask me, it is something that is secondary for us. Primarily, 
what we look at is the productivity of the existing stores also. So that is more important. The 
140 non-mature stores, how are they trending. Though they might be aging towards mature 
stores, are they actually delivering revenue and profits as a mature store is required to do. So 
that is more important for us. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes. Yes. One final question, I mean NCR market had its own nuances and you had to buy 
property and which has kind of suppressed our -- I mean it has increased our depreciation and 
suppressed return ratios. Is Calcutta has a similar nuance where you have to buy properties or 
Calcutta expansion will largely be leased? 
Karan Bajaj: 
See, it is going to be a mix of both. But for this financial year, I wouldn't look at more than 
INR50-odd crores investments happening in real estate there. So probably over a period of time, 
you might end up doing not more than INR100 crores of acquisition there in the next, say, 12-
14 months. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yes, clear. And I don't know how many of our stores are franchisees, but any color on that? And 
how do you see the percentage of franchisees moving up? Is it going to move up over the next 
2, 3 years? 
Karan Bajaj 
So sir, we only company-operated stores only, we don't have a franchisee model currently. So 
we would be sticking to this current model only where we only open stores and operate them. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
But I mean, franchises will give you significant capital efficiency, right? So I mean, what 
prevents us from going into franchisee model, I mean, even experimenting, for example, let's 
say? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So definitely, we can look at it, but franchisee to me, it sounds more like an affair that one would 
have a married man. So I would rather stick to my wife rather than having an affair outside. So 
I'm happy doing that. So I would consider it that way. 
But given -- we definitely keep on internally discussing it, but it's given an opportunity if we 
have all the support from our OEMs, and we feel that a certain region or geography requires a 
franchisee, we'll definitely explore that. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So you think consumer experience is not -- I mean, you're afraid that consumer experience might 
go down if you go franchise route? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Consumer experience, so there are a lot of nuances that are involved in our business on a daily 
level. So there is a lot of control that is needed. So there are good to it, there is bad to it as well. 
But right now, as you said correctly, one major advantage I will have is our capital allocation 
will be much lower and growing in a franchisee model versus what it is today. 
But for a long-term strategy, the mind share has to be of a partner also coming on board to what 
are requirements are, what -- it's just not only about the capital investment by the franchisee 
partner, but we need a lot of mind share of them because there's a lot of seasonality involved. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
There are a lot of ups and downs in seasons, in quarters. So the expectations have to be very 
varied compared to what our regular franchisee partner of any big brand would have. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for being so candid, sir and thank you for answering all the 
questions? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for your time. See you next time. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Yeah, yeah. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. To ask a question, ladies and gentlemen, you may press star and one. Our next 
question is from the line of Akhil Parekh with 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Karan, my first question is on the EBITDA margin side for North 
cluster. If I remember correctly, you had said INR1,000 crores, we can do 3% to 4% EBITDA 
margin. Is that correct? And should we be looking at that number in FY27 or FY28 if you can 
please help here? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Akhil, we are -- you're absolutely right. I think the last discussion we had -- we had come out to 
that number. But FY27 that we achieved that number in FY27 itself, but FY28 is definite for 
sure, but the big training -- so we closed FY26 at INR585-odd crores for NCR as a region. Store, 
the store is getting matured, we see a bigger traction. 
Plus FY26 definitely was a bad year for summer. And then we anticipate that this summer at 
least is going to give us that bump organically and then we're increasing our market share there. 
So FY27 is also going to be a good year than what it was in FY26 -- compared to FY26. So 
INR585 versus, say, we end up doing INR800-plus odd crores in FY27, that is the target that 
we're looking at. 
And then with a good summer or a good festive period, we would definitely look at a little lighter 
bump there and then if we achieve that kind of a number, we would look at an EBITDA margin 
of at least 2% to 4% kind of a number there. So that is the least that we have in mind for Delhi 
as a region. 
Akhil Parekh: 
So is it then fair to assume that in Andhra and Telangana, UP country, we would be doing at 
least 3% of EBITDA margin, given both of these regions have now crossed INR1,000 crores 
plus revenues? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So, Telangana, if you look at Andhra and Telangana, their EBITDA margins are better than the 
number that you just said because here all the setup is completely different as compared to what 
Delhi is at. And yes, not only this year but last year also, we crossed that number there. 
So, we are on a good track. If you look at the cluster-wise number, in Andhra and Telangana, 
we would definitely, from, say, INR1,100-odd crores in Andhra and then INR1,000 crores in 
Telangana, look at a higher single-digit SSSG. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
I'm talking about with the new additions of stores; it will definitely be a little higher number. So, 
both the clusters would definitely contribute to anywhere between INR2,400 crores and 
INR2,700 crores in the coming year. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. Sorry, just to clarify, when you say things are different in NCR versus Andhra and 
Telangana country is to do with the buying of the property versus rented property? Or is there 
anything else basically which gives us... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, your interest and depreciation has come down, but if I say at EBITDA level, if the expenses 
are marketing, manpower cost, you know, so this is your competitive scenario, so your gross 
margin is a little lower there versus gross margin here, you know, productivity per store. So, if 
you add all this, you will definitely see an improvement there. 
Akhil Parekh: 
So is Competitive intensity is higher in NCR geography basically vis-à-vis South? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, in Delhi, not only, like you say, your competitive intensity with bigger guys like Croma, 
Reliance, Vijay Sales, fighting there, whereas here you're fighting with mom-and-pop stores. So 
your margin, discounting structure, product mix and the other expenses, even manpower, 
marketing cost, and rental cost, all differ a lot, right? 
Akhil Parekh: 
Got it. Got it. This is clear. Second, would you be able to give the store count for Hyderabad and 
the sales for Hyderabad? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sorry, sir, can you repeat your question? 
Akhil Parekh: 
Sales and store count for Hyderabad basically. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Okay. So sir, FY26, currently, we are around 72 stores in Hyderabad city. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Okay. 
Karan Bajaj: 
And for FY '26, the revenue generated out of these stores were INR4,122 crores approximately. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Got it. So there is a huge differential in the product, obviously, Hyderabad being our core 
geography? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. Correct. Absolutely right. Absolutely, I wish I wish all stores in the country wherever 
we open start performing like Hyderabad. 
Akhil Parekh: 
Yeah. Yeah. Great, sir. These were my questions. Thank you so much, and best luck for coming 
quarters 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you, Akhil. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pawan Vinod Kataria with Bullseye. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Pawan Vinod Kataria: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is could you just share how demand trends have 
been so far in the current quarter? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir I didn't hear your question. You want to understand the trends for quarter 1? Hello, Pawaj 
ji? 
Moderator: 
Sir, the current participant seems to have dropped from the queue. We will proceed to the next 
question in the queue. The next question comes from the line of Hitaindra Pradhan with Maximal 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. I hope I'm audible. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Congrats on the good SSSG delivered this quarter. So if you can, sir, like I joined a little bit late, 
so it might be repetitive but on the SSSG for Q4, for the South versus the North Delhi NCR, if 
you can bifurcate the volume versus value, that would be helpful? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir in terms of store count, today in South, we've got 72 stores in Hyderabad, 69 stores operating 
in Andhra Pradesh and around 46 stores in Telangana region. This contributes to around 
INR6,000-odd crores of revenue, INR6,000 plus around INR6,500 crores comes in from this 
region. 
And around INR590-odd crores comes in from Delhi as a region, which operates, currently has 
35 stores out of which 6 stores were open in this financial year, the last financial year, FY26. If 
you see the sir then this is the split that we have today between North and South in terms of store 
count and revenue that we generated from these regions. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Yes, sir. That's helpful. But I was specifically asking regarding SSSG. What was the contribution 
from volume versus value because I see that the North cluster, Delhi has done like 18.6% SSSG 
in Q4? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yeah. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
So just was wondering what is the volume contribution versus value contribution? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Okay. So sir, I don't have the amount of volume contribution, sir? 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Yes. I mean ballpark would do, sir. I mean, just wanted to see? 
Karan Bajaj: 
I mean I don't have exact volume category wise. But in terms of the revenue that we generate, 
expect the volumes would be in the similar percentage of the revenue that we generated in a lot 
of different clusters. So Telangana definitely would be one of the highest volume generators for 
us. 
So almost 70-odd percent comes in from here and then another 10% comes in from Delhi and 
around 18-odd percent comes in from AP and Telangana, the country market. That is how this 
is more or less. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
No. No. That is your overall view what is the contribution you're saying, Delhi like-to-like store 
sales has grown by 19%, right, in Q4? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Correct. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Yes. So in that, sir, 19%, I mean what is the contribution of the volume? Is it more volume led 
or more value led in the Delhi region? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, I didn't understand the last part, you said. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Yeah, 19% of growth on the mature stores that we are currently showing. So that growth was 
led by volume or value? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So volume -- Okay. So that -- yes, so it is a mix of both, I'll just give you the exact number, one 
second. So if you look at Delhi, sir, across categories. So we give you a detailed number, see 
mobile phones would be, say, at 70% value growth, whereas the volume would be around 50%. 
That is the number because of the base in Delhi was practically less. So if you look at televisions, 
value growth, value growth there would be around, say, 18%, but the volume growth also would 
be on a similar 17% kind of a number. 
The maximum jump that we would see overall categories would be for categories like kitchen 
appliances, audio devices, where the value and volume growth were up around 30%, 40% kind 
of a number. But overall contribution would come much less the top line there. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
No. No. Got it. I mean the numbers are higher in Delhi region because of the smaller base 
whereas your Telangana and Andhra Pradesh stores are already kind of way ahead in terms of 
your sales number I assume. 
That growth is still impressive, the SSSG for the quarter for the south cluster but Delhi, it is 
more to do with our base, right? And -- but you're also seeing a lot of volume and value growth 
in the Delhi kind of... 
Karan Bajaj: 
Absolutely. Because the base itself is quite low, right, there. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Right. Right. So sir, in terms of the -- base and how you're ramping up because in past few 
quarters, been seeing that clearly, like the competitive pressure in Delhi was very high and the 
ramping up took a longer time for us and to do additional marketing as you described earlier as 
well. So sir, like in terms of this ramping up and all? 
And do you think that from here we can at least improve our per-store sales for FY27 in the 
Delhi cluster like say more than like can you sustain the Q4 SSSG? That's what my question is 
basically in FY7 for Delhi specifically? Because we know that South, you have a good presence, 
but for Delhi cluster, can you sustain this kind of 19% level of growth like-to-like basis? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, two things in here. Last year, summer didn’t support us across the country. So this year 
automatically you're looking at a much better number because summer is supporting you. So 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
that is more organic, right? But if you ask me, we have no other option. So we are in Delhi right 
now. We've invested so much. We have to make sure that we start delivering numbers, right? 
So -- and I think there has to be a reason for us not delivering it, right? So we have to figure it 
out, fix that problem quarter-on-quarter, month-on-month, start moving from there on, fix issues, 
whatever issues are either from our end, from the OEM, from the store level, customer 
perceptions, marketing issues, whatever it is. So we have to move on day by day, it is always 
the... 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
If you can help, I mean we just hear that the regional competition, regional stores and local store 
competition is really high, but also the customer perception in Delhi is very different compared 
to say South. They don't trust probably the bigger format stores and all. So we don't know, we 
are speculating. 
So if you can elaborate more on what went wrong or what was the market study like? And what 
did you experience? What has been your learning so far in the Delhi market, like from a customer 
point of view and the competition point of view that would be helpful? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So see, North even if I have done a mistake I will not agree to it. So I think we've done everything 
right, that's why we are sitting here. That is just to start on a lighter note. But on a serious point, 
every market, even Hyderabad today, there is a new learning that we go through every day. So 
it is not that because we're sitting here at a much higher market share or we are the leaders here. 
It doesn't mean that we don't change our customer experience, introduce newer product 
categories or don't understand what the market is operating and what the demand on the store 
front is. So what we have to understand on a daily basis is that our -- the positioning of our brand 
is right, the pricing right, are the stores locations right. Every small detail in retail matters a lot, 
right? 
So that is very important for us to understand that why a customer is coming to our store in 
Hyderabad and why not in Delhi, right? So there has to be a reason for it. And I don't think our 
conversions are good, but our footfalls are lower. So we have to increase our footfalls in Delhi. 
The market size is so big. 
How do we move customers from, say, not only from the modern retail stores, but even from a 
mom-and-pop distribution market to a modern retail format. So we are opening stores relevant 
to sizes or markets where either the market leader is a mom-and-pop store or a LFR format store. 
So we have to look at those things. We have to concentrate into a lot of marketing. We have to 
start educating the customers a lot that we are available in this location with these many products 
and brands. 
And pricing if you ask me in any of the markets, there are set customers who are price-sensitive, 
a lot of customers who want service, customers who believe in faster deliveries, customers who 
store ambience matters a lot or the range that we offer, especially the premium range matters a 
lot. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
So there's a set of different customers everywhere. So you got to make sure that you have a 
bouquet of different experiences and offerings to your customers so that you can improve your 
market share in that new market, especially. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Got it. Sir, but like on that note, I mean we are also expanding to Calcutta, right? I mean, 
shouldn't you just pause on that and just try to focus on improving the profitability in the north 
cluster first -- and before you moving to Calcutta because that market is also kind of pretty much 
fragmented and might be -- might surprise you in terms of -- again, you're ramping up and getting 
market share. So what are your thoughts? Or do you -- do you think that you have some 
advantage in Calcutta and so that's why you are putting into that micro market? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Sir, one is that Delhi, say now, the work of stabilization has been done in Delhi. It's going to be 
a more organic journey from here on. And then we can't expect that Delhi is going to keep giving 
us 50% year-on-year growth, right? It has to be more organic. It has to be more in line with what 
the market demand is. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Sir what is the growth and margin outlook for Delhi, for FY27? 
Karan Bajaj: 
So sir, at least for that particular cluster, we will do at least a 25% to 30% kind of a growth from 
the existing 590 kind of a number. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
And margin, sir? Margin? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Margin will improve, so right now, I would consider at 0.2%, 0.3% kind of an EBITDA margin, 
which would be definitely 2.5% or 3% kind of a number. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
And these are all pre Ind AS we are discussing, Pre Ind AS EBITDA, right? 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yes. Yes. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Okay. Okay. Sorry sir, I just interrupted you. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Yeah. So no, no, till the time we enter a new market also like I can't expect that Calcutta is going 
to turn -- shape up from day one onwards. It's going to take a little time -- till the time we open 
15, 20 stores. We understand the market better. 
So it's going to be an organic learning. So that will at least from this day of opening, it will take 
us at least a year or 2 to set up things better, right? But until the time we do that, they actually 
always have to be a new cluster for us to explore from here on. But Delhi has now started 
stabilizing. We'll see better results coming in Delhi on this onwards. 
So it is from the existing base, whereas creating a new market would always take some time, 
right? So even if we start off by Q2, Q3 this year, we would at least take some time to getting 
the right people, the right brand, the product mix, the pricing, competition scenarios, right 
marketing. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Electronics Mart India Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
All this learning happens only after because you -- it's not that you go blind to a market, you 
understand the market, you do a lot of your research, have your people on the ground, get the 
right team in and then you launch a store in a new geography. 
But from there on, the learning happens on a practical level, where on a daily basis, you 
understand customer requirements, pricing, marketing, everything. And then you improvise 
from there on. So that cycle is, say, 12-14 months cycle for you to get things right on the floor. 
And then from there on, you move ahead. So that's how things work for us at least. So we plan 
to get into a new market so Calcutta came in our way. So that's why we entered Calcutta but a 
lot of other places we would like to explore in the future for which once Calcutta stabilizes, then 
we will -- markets. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Got it sir. Okay, sir. That's all from my side. All the best. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thanks, Hitaindra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. I would now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Karan Bajaj: 
Thank you. I would like to thank all of you for joining into the call. I hope that we were able to 
answer all your questions. And for any other queries, you may get in touch with our team or 
SGA, they will be happy to address all your queries. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Electronics Mart India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
