 
                                                                                                                               
May 20, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 544321 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai -400051 
NSE Symbol: VENTIVE 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”) ‐ Transcript of the Earnings Call held on May 13, 2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held by the Company 
on Wednesday, May 13, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. in respect of the audited financial results (standalone and 
consolidated) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the aforesaid 
transcript will also be disclosed on the website of the Company i.e. www.ventivehospitality.com 
Request you to take same on record. 
Thanking You, 
For Ventive Hospitality Limited 
 
 
Pradip Bhatambrekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A25111 
 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBRE
KAR
Digitally signed by 
PRADIP P 
BHATAMBREKAR 
Date: 2026.05.20 
11:12:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
  
Ventive Hospitality Limited 
Q4 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
May 13, 2026 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANJIT BATRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. PARESH BAFNA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. MILIND WADEKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE 
PRESIDENT, FINANCE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
PROMOTED BY 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Ventive Hospitality Limited's Q4 FY 2026 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need any assistance during this conference, please signal for an operator by pressing star 
and then zero on your touch-tone telephone.  
The audio archive, transcript, financial statements, and other documents related to the quarter 
will be available on the company's website. We have with us today the management team of 
Ventive Hospitality Limited, represented by Mr. Ranjit Batra, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. 
Paresh Bafna, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Milind Wadekar, Executive Vice President, 
Finance and Investor Relations.  
Please note that Ventive Hospitality Limited does not provide specific revenue or earnings 
guidance. Anything said on this call which reflects management's outlook for the future or which 
could be construed as forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks 
that the company faces. These risks are outlined in the second slide of the earnings update 
presentation available on the company's website.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Batra. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Batra. 
Ranjit Batra:  
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. FY26 has been an important year 
for Ventive Hospitality. It was our first full year of reporting as a listed company and the year 
demonstrated the strength of the platform that we've built; high-quality hospitality assets, a stable 
annuity backbone, disciplined capital allocation, and active asset management across the 
portfolio.  
I'm very proud of what Ventive has delivered this year; strong growth in revenue and in 
EBITDA, expanded margins, strengthened our balance sheet, and finished the year with a 
healthy momentum across the platform. For the full year FY26, revenue stood at INR 2,666 
crores up 24%, while EBITDA grew at 28% to INR 1,299 crores. Full year EBITDA margin 
improved to 49% compared to 47% last year.  
For Q4 FY26, consolidated revenue grew 21% year-on-year to INR 870 crores, while EBITDA 
grew 28% to INR 476 crores. EBITDA margins expanded to 55% compared to 52% last year. 
Another important milestone for us is that the profit after tax has now crossed INR 500 crores. 
For Ventive, this is just not a financial number. It reflects the quality of our asset base, the 
benefits of scale, disciplined financing, and the operating strength of our platform that we've 
built.  
The year also tested the resilience of our business model. We saw travel disruption during the 
year. This included the impact of Operation Sindoor, geographical tensions, aviation 
uncertainties, and temporary pressure in certain travel corridors. Despite these headwinds, the 
platform delivered growth and returns for stakeholders.  

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The key point is simple: revenue growth translated to higher EBITDA growth. That reflects 
operating leverage, better cost discipline, improved revenue quality, and the benefit of a 
diversified platform. Our performance was not dependent on one geography, one asset, or one 
demand segment. India, Maldives, and annuity, all contributed in different ways. FY26 showed 
the strength of Ventive's model, luxury-led hospitality for growth, standout assets in strong 
markets, annuity income for stability, and active asset management for performance.  
Let me start with India. Our India hospitality business delivered a strong full-year performance, 
even though occupancy was impacted during some parts of the year. India business was clearly 
a rate-led story. ADR grew 13% to INR 12,500. RevPAR grew 10% to INR 8,000 and TRevPAR 
grew at 12% to INR 15,000. Occupancy was at 64% lower by around 2 percentage points year-
on-year.  
Despite the lower occupancy, India delivered double-digit ADRs, RevPAR, and TRevPAR, and 
EBITDA growth, along with 300 basis points of margin expansion for the full year. That tells 
us the market is supporting strategically located premium assets.  
In Q4, India performance was impacted by a rebranding shutdown of Aloft Whitefield and travel 
disruption-led occupancy softness. However, the full-year performance is far more relevant 
indicator of underlying trajectory, where we demonstrated double-digit growth in key numbers.  
Pune continues to benefit from limited premium supply, rising corporate demand, GCC-led 
office growth, manufacturing-led business travel, and infrastructure improvements. Bangalore 
also remained well-placed because of our presence in the city's strongest office-led micro-
markets such as Whitefield and Outer Ring Road. So the India story is not simply about broad 
city exposure, it's about being in the right micro-markets with the right brands, quality asset 
management, and top asset quality.  
Turning to Maldives, FY26 was a very strong year for our Maldives portfolio. Revenue grew 
31% to INR 1,133 crores, while EBITDA grew 42% to INR 398 crores. EBITDA margins 
improved 35% compared to 32% last year. This was an important year for Maldives portfolio. 
Occupancy improved by 5 percentage points to 63% and TRevPAR was at INR 60,000.  
The performance reflects both the recovery in demand and strength of our specific assets within 
this destination. Importantly, the performance was not only driven by Raaya's consolidation, 
same-store revenue grew 15%, EBITDA grew 29%, and TRevPAR grew 15%. That is a strong 
validation of the portfolio.  
In Q4, Maldives revenue grew 18% to INR 421 crores, EBITDA grew at 19% to INR 198 crores, 
and margins remained strong at 47%. Occupancy improved to 75%, which is up 3.3 percentage 
points, while TRevPAR grew at 18% to INR 91,000.  
 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
There is always market commentary around Maldives, especially when there are geographical 
developments, aviation-related disruptions, or shift in source markets. We look at it practically. 
Maldives remains a globally recognized leisure destination with limited and unique island 
supply, improved airport infrastructure and a huge diversified international base feeder market. 
Our performance this year included same-store growth, reinforces that high-quality resorts 
continue to perform well in that market. Raaya is now contributing meaningfully to the portfolio 
and gives us all-inclusive offering that addresses a different customer segment.  
At the same time, Conrad and Anantara continue to occupy the luxury end of the market. This 
gives us a broader portfolio within the destination without diluting the positioning of our luxury 
assets. At the total hospitality level, FY26 was a landmark year. Hospitality revenue is now close 
to INR 2,000 crores on its own.  
This is a meaningful scale-up of the platform and gives us a stronger earnings base as we enter 
the next phase of growth. Hospitality EBITDA also grew meaningfully during the year, with 
margins improving by 300 basis points. This reflects the operating leverage in the portfolio, 
stronger revenue quality and disciplined cost management across India and Maldives.  
For us, this is an important milestone. Ventive is no longer just a collection of high-quality 
assets. We are now operating a scaled hospitality platform with multiple growth engines, clear 
portfolio logic and increasing financial strength.  
Moving to our annuity business, which continues to provide stability. For FY2026, annuity 
revenue was INR 505 crores up 4%, while EBITDA was INR 452 crores up 3%. EBITDA 
margin remained at 90%. This stable earnings base remains a key strength of Ventive. It gives 
us predictable cash flows, improves resilience through cycles and supports disciplined 
investment in hospitality growth.  
During this year, we also announced Narmada Estates, a land parcel in East Pune identified for 
annuity development. This will further strengthen our stable cash flows backbone in the market 
we understand well.  
FY2026 was also an active year for portfolio sharpening for future growth. We acquired Hilton 
Goa, adding a high-quality leisure asset in India's strongest hospitality market. We completed 
Soho House transaction, giving us exposure to membership lifestyle-led hospitality platform. 
We also added Sol de Goa, a small boutique hotel, deepening our presence in Goa leisure market.  
We also announced Narmada Estates, which I just spoke about. Each of these transactions, 
funded by internal accruals, has a clear role in the portfolio. Leisure exposure, lifestyle-led 
hospitality, wellness capability, annuity stability and long-term value creation. The common 
filters remain quality of location, product relevance, execution feasibility and return discipline.  
 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
We are not pursuing growth for scale alone. Each addition is being assessed against return 
thresholds, funding discipline, execution complexity and fit within the wider platform. At the 
same time, we also reassessed the Mundra opportunity and have decided to keep it on hold for 
now. We continue to evaluate the return profile, strategic fit and the timing of capital 
deployment.  
During this year, we became sharper on where we want to deploy capital. Luxury and premium 
urban assets, leisure, wellness, lifestyle-led hospitality, stable annuity assets where the cash 
flows are visible.  
Moving on to the development side, our active projects continue to progress. The AC by Marriott 
conversion in Bangalore is progressing in line with plan. This project involves repositioning the 
Whitefield asset into a stronger brand and product for that particular micro-market. This asset 
remains well-placed given Whitefield's office-led demand base and the depth of corporate 
activity in that catchment.  
At Varanasi Marriott, construction and design-related work is in progress. Varanasi remains 
attractive because of the obvious reasons that we all know, especially the spiritual tourism, 
domestic leisure and improved connectivity. Varanasi also has very limited branded premium 
hotel supply.  
For Ritz-Carlton Reserve in Sri Lanka, design and planning work continues. The focus is on 
developing a luxury resort that's true to the brand. This is going to be one of the 9 Ritz-Carlton 
Reserves in the world, so it's a premium brand appropriate for the destination and capable of 
creating long-term value for the platform. Across the pipeline, our approach is the same- execute 
carefully, protect product quality, manage capex discipline and bring assets to the market only 
when the proposition is right.  
Moving to the sector outlook, the broader hospitality cycle remains healthy, but performance is 
becoming more specific to asset quality, location and micro-market positioning. Demand across 
corporate travel, MICE, weddings, domestic leisure and international leisure remains healthy.  
At the same time, new supply is difficult to create quickly because hotels require land approvals, 
capital and long development timelines. For Ventive, the combination is clear. India gives us 
pricing power in strong micro-markets, Maldives gives us global leisure exposure, annuity gives 
us stability and our balance sheet gives us flexibility to grow with discipline.  
Our growth also supports local employment, destination development, vendor ecosystem and 
tourism infrastructure in the markets where we operate in a responsible way. As we move into 
FY27, our priorities remain unchanged. Grow RevPAR, grow TRevPAR, improve margins 
through active asset management, execute our pipeline carefully and pursue acquisitions only 
where the risk-return equation is attractive.  

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
We will continue to work with our brand partners who bring quality, reliability, innovation and 
execution discipline because these are critical to both guest experience and asset performance. 
With that, I request Milind and Paresh to take you through financials and balance sheet in more 
detail. 
Milind Wadekar: 
Thank you Ranjit. Good afternoon everyone. To assist with the interpretation of our financial 
performance, I would like to highlight the following regarding prior period comparisons. As 
informed earlier, the company completed several portfolio acquisitions in August 2024. 
Consequently, the historical financial statements do not include the financial results of those 
entities.  
To facilitate like-to-like comparison, we have prepared pro forma financial statements reflecting 
the impact of these acquisitions as if these acquisitions were acquired on April 1, 2024, based 
on internal MIS. The pro forma financials for 12 months of FY25 include the revenues, operating 
cost and EBITDA contributions from these acquired entities. As a result, the reported statutory 
financials will differ from the pro forma figures referenced in our commentary, press release and 
earnings presentation. However, the prior year comparative for Q4 FY25 is based on actual 
reported financials.  
We continued our strong growth trajectory in Q4 FY26 across our hotels in India and Maldives. 
As highlighted earlier, Q4 is typically our strongest quarter in both markets and we were on track 
in January and February 2026 to report record quarterly and annual ADRs, occupancy, revenue, 
EBITDA and EBITDA margins. However, geopolitical developments in Middle East and travelr 
restrictions advisories from US and Europe impacted growth to some extent.  
Despite these challenges, supply chain issues and restricted travel from key source markets, we 
are pleased to report industry-leading performance across financial metrics. Our proactive 
strategy of diversifying source market for Maldives and leveraging Pune's unique positioning 
combined with tight cost controls helped us to drive highest ever Q4 FY26 numbers.  
Before diving into financials, note that Pune's demand drivers go beyond IT, Fintech and GCCs. 
The city has a strong manufacturing base with business travellers from South Korea, Japan and 
Southeast Asia. This helped offset occupancy pressure and drive double-digit ADR growth in 
our India hotel portfolio.  
Now let me walk you through the key financial highlights. As the hospitality industry sustains 
its long-term growth trajectory backed by favourable demand-supply dynamics, our Q4 FY 2026 
results underscore the strength of our diversified portfolio and strategic agility. The consolidated 
revenue for the quarter stood at INR 870 crores, representing a 21% year-on-year growth.  
Consolidated EBITDA grew 28% year-on-year to INR 476 crores with EBITDA margins 
expanding to 55% compared to 52% in Q4FY25. The results include a foreign exchange gain of 
INR 74 crores in Q4 FY26. Adjusting for foreign exchange gain in both periods, the underlying 
EBITDA growth for the quarter was 8%.  

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Our FY26 performance underscores the momentum and growth potential of hospitality industry 
driven by strong demand dynamics and strategic execution. Consolidated revenue for FY26 
grew 24% to INR 2,666 crores while EBITDA rose 28% to INR 1,299 crores, close to INR 1,300 
crore mark, expanding margins to 49% from 47% in FY25.  
The results include a foreign exchange gain of INR138 crores. Adjusting for these, the revenue 
crossed INR 2,500 crores mark and EBITDA crossed INR 1,160 crores. Had geopolitical 
disruptions not impacted operations in March 2026, our adjusted EBITDA, that is adjusted for 
foreign exchange gain of INR 138 crores, would have crossed INR 1,200 crores EBITDA versus 
INR 992 crores in FY25, marking a robust 20% growth.  
Our FY26 hospitality segment income, excluding annuity income, was a little shy of INR 2,000 
crores with a revenue of INR 1,980 crores and EBITDA jumping 33% to INR 735 crores. This 
reflects our strong operating leverage, cost discipline, driving a robust 49% flow-through on 
INR 375 crores incremental hospitality revenue in FY26 despite external headwinds. 
 
We have crossed another significant milestone with profit after tax exceeding INR 500 crores in 
FY26, just in the second-year post-listing. This achievement is driven by significant reduction 
in debt and finance cost alongside lower average interest rates. As a result, we are generating 
sufficient cash from operation enabling us to fund our aggressive growth plans predominantly 
through internal accruals and we are poised to deliver higher PAT in the years to come. 
 
In Q4 FY26, our consolidated hospitality segment revenue grew 13% year-on-year to INR 658 
crores with EBITDA up 9% to INR 295 crores. Margin stood at 45% versus 46% in Q4 FY25. 
In India hospitality revenue grew 5% year-on-year to INR 238 crores but EBITDA declined 7% 
to INR 97 crores due to certain one-off items. 
 
Specifically, in Q4 FY25, we had booked INR 8 crores of government grant versus INR 2.5 
crores in Q4 FY26. Adjusting for the incremental government grant and INR 1.5 crores 
electricity credit, our adjusted EBITDA for Q4 FY25 was INR 96 crores. In Q4 FY26, we 
received INR 5 crores debit for past period electricity cost. Netting off these one-off expenses, 
our adjusted EBITDA for Q4 FY26 is INR 102 crores, reflecting a growth of 6% year-on-year 
with a healthy 43% EBITDA margin. 
 
India ADR jumped 12% year-on-year to INR 14,020 in Q4 FY26, a testament to Pune's growing 
stature as premier business destination. Notably, ADRs are now on par with gateway cities 
despite our portfolio concentration in Pune. RevPAR rose 8% year-on-year to INR 9,634 as 
occupancy dipped slightly to 69% versus 71%. 
 
To elaborate on Pune's growth potential, ADR for our four Pune-based hotels, that is Ritz-
Carlton, JW Marriott, Marriott Suites, and Courtyard by Marriott, averaged at INR 15,152 in Q4 
FY26, comparable with ADR of hotels in gateway cities. This underscores Pune's market 
strength. With strong commercial absorption underway and growing demand, we are confident 
of ramping up occupancy to 75% in the medium term. 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Looking ahead, Ventive's India portfolio has significant headroom for occupancy growth 
coupled with sustained double-digit ADR growth. This positions us well to deliver low-teen 
revenue growth and high-teen EBITDA growth in the medium to long term. 
 
Meanwhile, our Maldives hotels delivered stellar results. Revenue grew 18% in Q4 FY26 to INR 
421 crores with EBITDA rising 19% to INR 198 crores on the back of occupancy climbing to 
75%. Driving this strong performance, TRevPAR jumped 18% year-on-year to INR 90,818, a 
clear indication of Maldives market's resilience and our hotel's ability to capture high-end 
demand. 
 
With luxury travel to Maldives remaining robust, our focused strategy in premium island resort 
market continues to pay off. To highlight further, Maldives occupancy for FY26 for our Conrad 
and Anantara was 61% versus 57% in FY25 and we are on track to achieve occupancy north of 
65% for these resorts in the medium term. 
 
While short-term blips in occupancy are possible due to external factors, the long-term story for 
Maldives remain intact driven by commencement of operation of new Male airport and 
improved direct flight connectivity to key source markets. 
 
For FY26, hospitality revenue grew 23% to INR 1,980 crores with EBITDA rising 33% to INR 
735 crores. Hospitality EBITDA margins expanded by 300 basis points to 37% versus 34% last 
year. India hospitality revenue grew 14% to INR 846 crores with EBITDA up 24% to INR 337 
crores. ADR for India business was INR 12,516 up 13% while RevPAR grew 10% to 7,952. 
 
RevPAR growth was slightly lower than ADR growth as occupancy dropped due to disruptions 
in FY26, that was Operation Sindoor in quarter one FY26 and geopolitical tensions travel 
disruptions in Q4 FY26. For Maldives revenue jumped 31% to INR 1,133 crores with EBITDA 
up 42% to INR 398 crores. Margins improved to 35% versus 32% last year. 
 
In Q4, annuity revenue was INR 127 crores up 2% while EBITDA was INR 113 crores up 2%. 
EBITDA margin was 89%. For FY26, annuity revenue was INR 505 crores up 4% while 
EBITDA was INR 452 crores up 3% with margin at 90%. I now request Paresh to take you 
through debt, liquidity, and balance sheet position. 
Paresh Bafna: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. FY26 has been an exceptional performance with results 
that demonstrate both the strength of our platform and a disciplined approach to value creation. 
This has translated into healthy cash generation and continuous continued balance sheet strength. 
Our balance sheet remains a strategic asset giving us flexibility to invest for committed capex 
and selective acquisitions. 
 
 
 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
As of March 31, 2026, our gross debt stood at INR 1,999 crores comprising INR 1,232 crores 
of rupee-denominated debt and US$81.44 million equivalent to INR 766 crores of offshore debt 
relating to the Maldives portfolio. Our cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 511 crores 
resulting in net debt of INR 1,484 crores. Our net debt to EBITDA was 1.14x compared to last 
year 1.7x. 
 
During the year, we reduced the average cost of debt which stood at approximately 7.3% for 
Indian borrowings and 6.2% for USD borrowings compared with 9.5% and 8.3% respectively 
at the beginning of the year, which has resulted in saving of approximately INR 20 crores. Along 
with EBITDA growth, our interest coverage has improved significantly and strengthened our 
ability to fund growth through internal accruals. 
 
We continue to hold strong credit ratings with CRISIL AA Stable at Ventive and AA+ at our 
material subsidiary. These ratings reflect the quality of our asset base, stable annuity cash flows, 
operating performance, and prudent leverage profile. We approach the next year with a strong 
brand portfolio, fortified balance sheet, and remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term 
value through operating excellence and disciplined capital allocation. 
 
Thank you. With this, I leave the floor open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes hi. So, my question is regarding the current scenario and we have seen business disruption 
in March. So, considering current scenario, how is the... how do you predict FY27 and how are 
things going to happen considering inbound has been impacted? And also, Pune market outlook 
considering all the infrastructure and what you talked about all the foreign inbound. So, can you 
talk on that also? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, thank you for the question, Sumant. Good to see you on the call. FY27 outlook, I think the 
good news here is that FY26 showed that our platform can absorb disruption very clearly and at 
the same time still show growth. So far at this stage, we have visibility of only Q1 and while 
there is some volatility, I don't think at all that this will derail the quarter for us, for sure. 
 
On a broader picture, I feel and as and when the situation normalizes, Ventive can in my view 
deliver low-teen revenue growth and high-teen EBITDA growth. And now that it's very clearly 
established that our India portfolio has a higher rate base and there's still room for occupancy 
headroom, so that's where we are. And I think Maldives has a broader market coverage and 
Raaya is now firing after its solid ramp-up, that is really clearly helping our portfolio as well. 
 
So, with all these combinations and the annuity remaining stable, I think as we enter FY27, I 
think we're in a better position than last year. I think that's the short answer to the last line of 
your question.  

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
And as far as your second question regarding the Pune market, yes, there is room for both 
occupancy and ADR growth in the Pune market. Pune as you know and through Milind's 
introductory commentary, we heard that Pune is not behaving like a secondary hotel market 
anymore. The demand base has changed. The GCC -- it's become a GCC stronghold just to give 
you an example. India has about 50% of the global GCC market and Pune has about 20% of that, 
which is very, very healthy. 
 
And that also further combines a very unique platform for Pune where it enjoys multi-structural 
platforms. For example, the IT, financial services, manufacturing, MICE, weddings, they're all 
combined together improving a huge amount of improving infrastructure and they all combine 
to contribute to higher occupancies and ADRs. 
 
So, Pune is a great story. We love the fortification of Pune with our assets. We are very well 
spread geographically with different products, different price points, and we pretty much control 
the luxury market which I've said in my past calls as well to the tune of north of 65%, which 
gives us, Sumant, a very strong pricing power and demand capture. So, I might be speaking too 
much on Pune but I have a strong belief on a personal level on the market itself. 
 
And some data on that, I think while we are talking about it, I think Q4 India ADR was up 12% 
at INR 14,000 and the full year was about 13% increase on ADR alone. So, market has clearly 
accepted the high pricing which I was trying to say and the double digits in RevPAR and 
TRevPAR continue to grow. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, when we talk about March and we have seen the business loss in March because of lower 
inbound, so how much business has recovered in April month? Number one. Number two, when 
we talk about the lower teens top-line growth, this you're talking about India also and also is that 
because of the lower base because in Q1 FY26 we have Operation Sindoor and there was a 
business loss in that quarter also. So, considering all the factor, can you talk on how the business 
recovery is happening in the month of April and May? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So like I said before Sumant, I think we have a good visibility of this quarter. There's been some 
displacement business coming in from March which I can clearly see, and we've given credit 
lines on a lot of group bookings, MICE events, etcetera, which is formalizing in this quarter, 
which is very healthy. 
And of course, there was a lower base like you rightly pointed out because of Operation Sindoor 
last quarter, so that will obviously give everyone in the industry a big jump. But we are seeing a 
very healthy quarter. And we are seeing that, you know, while the geopolitical uncertainty 
continues, our portfolio being well-diverse is showing a lot of resilience and I'll be very proud 
to announce next quarter results as well. But yes, overall we are moving northwards. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Muley from Haitong Securities. 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Vaibhav Muley:  
Hi. Congratulations on good set of numbers Ranjit sir and Milind sir. My first question was on 
our capex in FY 2026 if you can highlight that and the utilization of our cash flows considering 
we have seen some reduction in gross debt. And going forward, what kind of capex do you 
expect over next three years? That’s my first question. 
Milind Wadekar:  
So, Vaibhav, we have reduced our debt to less than INR 1,500 crores now and our capex for 
next three years will be around INR 1,000 crores for our Bangalore hotel, for our Sri Lanka hotel 
and some FF&E and most of these will be funded through our internal accruals. I mean,  we are 
confident our internal accruals are sufficient to fund our capex for the announced projects.  
If I have to walk you through our cash flows for FY26, our EBITDA was close to INR 1,300 
crores. If we adjust it for foreign exchange gain, interest payment, and tax payment, we generated 
around INR 850 crores in cash. Out of that, INR 400 crores we used for paring down debt- if 
you look at our debt slide, our debt reduction is INR 300 crores after absorbing INR 100 crores 
incremental debt we have taken for Hilton Goa. We have invested around INR 200 crores for 
acquiring Hilton and Soho House stake. And INR 200 crores was for capital work in progress 
and capital advances.  
So all in all, we have around INR 500 crores cash today and even if I reach to INR 2,300crores 
debt, which was the debt as on FY25, I am sitting on INR 900 crores headroom for debt. Further 
we'll generate some internal accruals in the current year. So we are confident of funding 
everything through internal accruals. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Sumit Kumar from JM Financial. 
Sumit Kumar:  
My question is on, you know, the revenue numbers for all the three businesses. If I add all the 
three it comes to about INR 7,858 million for the quarter, while the revenue from operations is 
a bit different. So could you just explain what explains that gap? 
Milind Wadekar:  
So that is other income and we have accounted for around INR 73 crores exchange gain in the 
quarter. So that was part of our other income. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Abhay Khaitan from Axis Capital. 
Abhay Khaitan:  
So my question is on the Q4 performance on the international side. So while the total TRevPAR 
growth of 18% is quite impressive, but when I look at the split between the room revenue growth 
and the F&B growth, it seems that room revenue is about -- it's declining and F&B is up about 
46%. So, can you explain what is the gap -- how is the accounting done for classification of 
revenues from Maldives which is resulting in this? 
Ranjit Batra:  
I don't think it should be looked at a decline actually. The portfolio room contribution remains 
pretty much intact while F&B has seen a marginal growth. I think that's pretty much it. On the 
international front, what we see is a 39% growth in F&B and that's the number that you should 
be 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Milind Wadekar: 
39% is contribution, the growth is around 10%. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Abhay, the contribution is 39% in the F&B and 49% is the rooms part 
Abhay Khaitan:  
Yes, but if you look at the y-o-y growth, it appears to be higher for F&B compared to room 
revenue. Is that understanding correct for the international revenue part? 
Ranjit Batra:  
Yes, that is correct. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, and then there is some allocations with Raaya being an all-inclusive resort, that's where 
maybe that understanding is correct. 
Abhay Khaitan:  
Okay, okay understood. And I don't know if I can ask one more question? 
Ranjit Batra:  
Yes, please go ahead. 
Abhay Khaitan:  
Yes, so I just want to understand about the timeline. So, you have added the Sol de Goa property. 
So is it like available right now and is it -- will it hit the books from this year, or do you expect 
some capex to be done in that? And for the other properties as well like Varanasi and Sri Lanka, 
if you can explain the timeline when these could be completed? 
Ranjit Batra:  
I mean, Sol De Goa is added to -- is not a very big balance sheet move, and I think it's not a 
running property as such now. So, you know, this is an addition to the Hilton property that we 
bought in Goa. And it will also work within the same framework under a different brand but the 
same management. That's how we structured it. So this is our 21-key boutique resort and from 
the other question about the Whitefield AC, that will be completed by March 2027. 
Just to give you a feeling on the existing capacity build-up. The Varanasi Marriott is progressing 
like I said before and the completion timeline is FY28 and Ritz-Carlton I'll just give the data 
anyway. The Ritz-Carlton reserve, these are three assets that are coming and that is coming to a 
completion timeline in FY28. 
Moderator:  
The next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice Institutional Research. 
Karan Kamdar:  
Sir, I wanted to understand now that Middle East is sort of -- there's no flights in and out and 
very limited flights, where are the travellers coming for our Maldives property from and what 
kind of impact would you see specifically in Maldives? 
Ranjit Batra:  
It's just -- I don't know whether it's a coincidence or what, but typically the two strong quarters 
are mainly contributed from Europe typically. The strong quarters of Q3 and Q4. And Q1 
typically moves into a totally different geography and this is a traditional business for Maldives 
moves from China, Russia, Korea, Japan. And this is -- take it from me, it's a coincidence, this 
is not -- I'm not answering to suit the narrative. 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
And this is the way Maldives behaves. So, we've just moved into the different market, which 
has shorter duration, shorter planning to actually make the bookings and that business especially 
China, Korea, Japan is looking very, very healthy and strong for us in Maldives. 
Karan Kamdar:  
Got it sir. Can I ask one more question if I have some time? 
Ranjit Batra:  
Yes sure. 
Karan Kamdar:  
Sir, so I get that Pune we have some 66% market share in luxury. What kind of expansion are 
we seeing in luxury and what is our mix of FTA and domestic for Pune specifically? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So I mean, this is a supply-constrained market. We love supply-constrained markets, both Pune, 
Maldives, these are the two markets. We don't see any major supply coming in the next 4 to 5 
years in the luxury segment, considering we've captured most of the key strategic opportunities 
in Pune itself with different price points and different products. So we have a clear runway. And 
as far as the FTA is concerned, we have a 60% contribution from FTA and 40% contribution 
from domestic. 
Karan Kamdar: 
So you still don't see an impact because of lower FTAs or FTAs are improving? Any color on 
that? Just last question if I can? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So Karan, let me give you few more data points. I mean, see hospitality luxury and upper upscale 
is directly linked to commercial office absorption, right. And typically 1 million square feet adds 
around 8,000 to 10,000 professional employees in a specific micro-market. And how that office 
absorption contributes to hotel business, there are three channels. 
 
One is transient travel, then internal relocations, and MICE, right. And we have seen historically 
2016 to '206 in Hyderabad and Bangalore, 1 million square feet commercial office absorption 
has added around 30 room night business for luxury and upper upscale. 
 
But that may not be the case for Pune since international connectivity is very limited, but even 
if I take 10 room nights for 1 million square feet, it will add a lot of room nights for us, right. 
And last year's Pune's commercial office absorption was around 7 million. So we can estimate 
70 room nights additional business. And next 5 years absorption is estimated at around 40 
million. So we are very confident we will do well, our occupancy will grow, go up in medium 
term and we'll hit 75% occupancy. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Thanks that was very helpful. All the best sir. Thank you. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes also Karan just to add, I mean the FTA question I get asked for a long time but if you really 
do a little bit of a deep dive into the kind of companies that are operating out of Pune, there is 
very -- there is dependency on the US market and European market but there's also a heavy 
dependency on the Japan-Korea market especially because of the automobile and ancillary 
market that we have. 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
We've just seen the biggest base of Hyundai being based and coming along in Pune along with 
a lot of auto parts and ancillary units. So this has been typically the Pune story and there's not 
heavy reliance on the US market at this stage. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Got it, got it sir. This was really helpful. Thank you so much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Samarth Goel from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Samarth Goel: 
So one question from me is that with respect to Hilton Goa and Soho House, are we still on with 
the expansion plan we mentioned earlier with the new keys coming, villas coming up and the 
Soho House Delhi? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, Samarth. Hilton is a very important acquisition for us, very timely. We're seeing a little 
down-cycle and we're going to use this down-cycle for our advantage while we rebrand the asset 
and add additional 60 to 70 keys and come up with a brand new hotel with a new brand and a 
new experience and great management that we hope to bring along with our partners at Hilton. 
 
So yes, there will be additional keys We also plan advanced stage talks to put Sol de Goa into 
the same portfolio, so adding all the keys together we'll have a healthy 200 keys with customers 
to experience a lifestyle boutique hotel within the same hotel as well, while using operational 
efficiencies from the Hilton hotel by itself to support the 21 keys and the 60 to 70 keys. 
 
While Batim Land, a branded residence, is also work in progress at design stage. So we plan to, 
as I've explained in previous quarters, raise some capital on that. Regarding Soho Delhi, that is 
too on track completion within the next 2 years. That's what we're looking at. 
Samarth Goel: 
Got it. Thank you Ranjit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Kant Beria from IIFL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Hi, congrats on great set of numbers and thank you for the opportunity. So two questions if I 
may. First if you... 
Ranjit Batra: 
Jay we can't hear you. Be louder please. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Is this better? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Okay go ahead. Yes, we can hear. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Yes. So if you could highlight separately for the India and the Maldives portfolio, the initiatives 
that we are taking both on the cost side given the input prices pressure, so how we are protecting 
our margins on that front and also on the India portfolio have we seen some demand mix 
changing in terms of leisure and business travel? 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Ranjit Batra: 
Okay, let me take the margin question on India and Maldives. I think I'll take it separately. I 
think, the margin story was different in India, and it's been different in Maldives. In India we 
moved the margin to 40% from 37%, Yes. And this is also despite little bit softening on the 
occupancy. 
 
So the operation leverage kicked in with the rate that we did in India. That ADR was up 13% 
and RevPAR 10%. I think that's where a lot of operational leverage came in from. In Maldives 
the improvement was both volume and it was efficiency-led. I think FY26 margin improved to 
35% from 32%. I think that was a great achievement. I'm very proud of what we achieved there. 
 
Occupancy also really helped that moved 5 percentage points to 63% and the high -- you know 
how it works in Maldives is that the high fixed costs, once they are tackled, I think they and the 
extra occupancy, they make a huge difference in the margin.  
And we've done a lot of things in Maldives frankly. I mean there's a lot of initiatives looking at 
the biggest cost which is utilities which we are doing in through our solar project initiative. We 
are doing cluster procurement. We are doing channel market mix. I think the revenue department 
is doing a great job and marketing department is all coming together to create this story and 
EBITDA margin growth. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Sure and also in -- can you highlight, have you seen any mix changing in terms of business and 
leisure for the India portfolio? 
Ranjit Batra: 
So, Jay we primarily are business hotels in India and it's very typical. We are not seeing much 
change. We might, like I said before, be seeing shift of business moving forward. Q1 is looking 
very healthy. I don't see any great signs of business shift whether it's FTA or domestic or any 
segment shift that is happening. That is continuing at the pretty much the same breakups that 
we've historically seen. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Sure and just a final one if I may, can you give some more color on the Mundra asset in terms 
of when we should pencil in that asset coming into operations? 
Ranjit Batra: 
Okay, so Mundra is, like I said, currently on hold. We reassessed that opportunity and I think 
we felt that the timing and the return profile can be put at a later stage. It needs further evaluation. 
Therefore we thought it's important to inform and at the right time we will take that call. But at 
this stage we will put it on hold and deploy our capital on other things as well. 
Jay Kant Beria: 
Sure, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions actually. So, one going back to the international 
business. So basically, if I look at the traffic data in Male according to the Maldives immigration, 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
I guess the April traffic was down almost 25% and the first 10 days of May was down 15%. So, 
I don't know I mean that seems a bit of a difference from what you are saying about the business. 
 
So can you please talk about that and also you know what is the situation with the diesel because 
I think Male runs on the diesel and if I remember it correctly previously you mentioned that 
diesel situation is very tight. So how do you see that? And my second question is on the domestic 
business. So, you mentioned about the operating leverage and still in your India hospitality 
business while your revenue was up 3% in Q4, EBITDA was down 7%. So actually, you know 
where was the pressure coming from, you know, why the EBITDA was down while revenue 
was slightly up? So, can you please give a bit of a color on that? 
Milind Wadekar: 
So Achal let me take your first question first... second question first. I have explained on why 
EBITDA was down. I mean we had one-offs in both quarters. Last year we had one-off income, 
so my EBITDA was on the higher side. If I adjust that around INR 7 crores, I have to knock off 
from that, so reported EBITDA was INR 104 crores, adjusted was INR 96 crores. And this 
quarter we have taken one-off expenses of around INR 5 crores. So, my adjusted EBITDA is 
INR 97 crores plus INR 5 crores that is INR 102 crores. So, there is 3% growth and revenue we 
are showing growth. My RevPAR growth is 8% for India. 
Ranjit Batra: 
I think that answers the decline and I'll take your other question. I think you mentioned about 
some data. Achal typically this is a weak quarter anyway for Maldives and there is I can't deny 
some air connectivity disruption especially from the Middle East so maybe that's what the data 
that you're referring to. At the same time, I'm seeing different data as well. I'm seeing more 
flights coming in from especially Russia and China and direct connections that are coming in. 
The new flights have just started from Australia and Malaysia. So, this is will continue to juggle 
as we navigate this uncertain times. 
 
And to be honest the holidaymakers don't cancel till the writing is on the wall then they have to 
cancel. We've seen a lot of cancellations, we've also seen a lot of uplift at the same time of people 
continuing their holiday as planned. Regarding your other question regarding diesel, was that 
the question? What was that specific question Achal? 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes, sir my question was around the diesel around the diesel situation because I guess previously 
according to my discussion with you, I guess you mentioned that diesel situation is very tight 
and especially since Male runs on diesel any shortage would be a major risk. So, what is the 
situation with diesel 
Ranjit Batra: 
Yes, I mean situation is that we mitigated at least one and a half to two months with our existing 
supplies that we had on our island. Going forward we will see and wait and watch how the diesel 
pricing gets readjusted in Maldives and to give you a direct answer will this have an impact? 
Yes, it will have an impact. But it's exactly how hard or when it's a little bit difficult to say at 
this stage. 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. sorry I mean you know on the Maldives traffic. So, you mentioned the flights are 
increasing but the number which I spoke about was that was the immigration traffic number so 
that should actually shouldn't I mean don't you think that should have captured the traffic number 
which is which is down majorly? So, you know... 
Ranjit Batra: 
Achal I'll have to study which immigration number is this because you know the new airport has 
opened. Are you checking quarter versus last quarter or what data is this? 
Achal Kumar: 
Year-on-year. This is a year-on-year. Sorry. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Year-on-year is very spikey in Maldives like I said before. The last... the last data was that it was 
the growth from 2 million has already reached 2.5 million in Maldives. That was the last data 
but you know there is no counter-argument there will be some disruption on movement in 
Maldives just like any other place in the world. 
Milind Wadekar: 
And Achal impact could be different for different categories of hotel. It could be different for 
high-end hotels, luxury hotels, mid-scale hotels. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Absolutely right. To Milind's point and I'm not trying to be over-defensive here, Achal, but we 
saw similar volatility in the COVID times for Maldives, but the high-end resorts actually had no 
dip whatsoever because they were non-price sensitive customers and you know sometimes 
rerouting through different channels customers are reaching their destination. Not an issue for 
Maldives. Maldives is connected to 90* different destinations through about 40 -45 direct flights. 
 
Achal Kumar: 
Sure, sure. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Ranjit Batra for closing comments. 
Ranjit Batra: 
Okay, thank you for your questions and continued engagement. FY26 has been a milestone for 
Ventive as we all have seen. It was our first full year of reporting as a listed company and we 
delivered performance that reflects whatever we set out to achieve whether it's quality, 
resilience, and scalability of the platform. 
 
We delivered 24% of revenue growth, 28% of EBITDA growth, and expanded EBITDA margins 
to 49% despite travel disruption and geopolitical uncertainties during the year. We also crossed 
INR 500 crores of PAT, which is an important milestone for the company and strong marker for 
our progress as a listed platform. 
 
Our hospitality business is now close to INR 2,000 crores in revenue on its own with 33% 
EBITDA growth and 300 basis points of margin expansion. India delivered a rate-led year, 
Maldives delivered strong occupancy and TRevPAR growth, and annuity continued to provide 
high-margin stability. We also used the year to sharpen our portfolio through acquisitions. Hilton 
*Maldives is connected to 50-60 international destinations via c. 90 daily flights 

`                                                                                                     Ventive Hospitality Limited 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Goa, Soho, Sol de Goa, Narmada Estates, each strengthen the platform in different ways. 
Leisure, lifestyle, wellness, and annuity-led growth. 
 
The portfolio today is stronger, more diversified, and more focused than it was a year ago. As 
we enter FY 2027, we do so with a stronger earnings base, sharper portfolio, and a clear focus 
on execution. I want to thank our teams across India, Maldives, corporate office. Result reflects 
thousands of daily decisions taken by our hotel teams, commercial teams, finance teams, asset 
management teams through a year that had more than its fair share of disruption. 
As we scale, our biggest advantage will remain the quality of our people, the consistency of 
guest experience, and the operating culture we build across our brands, geographies, and 
formats. I also want to thank our operating partners, vendors, and other stakeholders who work 
closely with us through the year to deliver the both guest experience and financial performance. 
 
I want to thank our teams across India, Maldives, and the corporate office. These results reflect 
a great deal of involvement from each and every member. Thank you once again for joining us 
today. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. On behalf of Ventive Hospitality, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
