 
 
Ref: IIL/SE/2026/0306/01 
Dated: June 03, 2026 
 
The Manager 
 
Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited  
(Through BSE Listing Centre) 
 
Scrip Code: 532851 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
(Through NEAPS) 
 
Symbol: INSECTICID 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earning Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year ended 
March 31, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call – Q4 & FY 2026 held in connection with the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 
31, 2026, on May 28, 2026, is enclosed and is also available on the website of the Company and 
can be accessed on the following link: https://www.insecticidesindia.com/investors-desk/ 
 
This is for information & record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Truly, 
For Insecticides (India) Limited 
 
 
 
(Sandeep Kumar) 
Company Secretary & CCO 
 
Encl: As above 
 
SANDEEP 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by SANDEEP KUMAR 
DN: c=IN, st=Uttarakhand, 
2.5.4.20=23b395f7920f520054343f8e94b27
1dea81e60e27111a24568ccb0310211d94f, 
postalCode=247667, street=SO Mahesh 
Chandra 170 dhandara karnals enclave near 
sarkari tubewell Roorkee, 
pseudonym=5d1d9ec6fd1240dba22309e9c
1121c27, title=3534, 
serialNumber=036875afa34f73021e0c2ee1
65d327ee02ac859c5d75a9592268178df7b5
cdf7, o=Personal, cn=SANDEEP KUMAR 
Date: 2026.06.03 12:09:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
“Insecticides India Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2026 
  
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH KUMAR AGGARWAL – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. DEVENDRA KUMAR RAY – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. DUSHYANT SOOD – CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER. 
– INSECTICIDES INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SEJAL BHATTAR – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Insecticides India Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sejal Bhattar from MUFG Intime. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Sejal Bhattar: 
Thank you, and welcome to Q4 and 12 months FY26 Earnings Call of Insecticides India Limited. 
Today on this call, we have with us Mr. Rajesh Kumar Aggarwal, Managing Director; Mr. 
Sandeep Aggarwal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Devendra Kumar Ray, Chief Operating Officer; 
and Mr. Dushyant Sood, Chief Marketing Officer. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that this conference may 
contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on date. These statements are not guarantee of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, which are difficult to predict. A detailed 
disclaimer has been given in the company's investor presentation, which is uploaded on stock 
exchange. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the conference to the management for opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Sejal. Rajesh Aggarwal this side. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining 
us today. FY26 has been a year of resilience, disciplined execution, and strategic progress for 
IIL. Despite of challenging global environment, we continued to strengthen our market position, 
deepen farmer engagement, and building a strong foundation for long-term growth. I will briefly 
cover the business environment and operational performance, after which CFO, Mr. Sandeep-ji, 
will take you through the financials in detail. 
 
So first of all, I would like to talk about the industry and the business environment. The current 
geopolitical situation continues to impact the global agrochemical industry and has created 
supply side constraints across several key raw materials and intermediates. As a result, raw 
material prices have increased sharply in certain cases to nearby 10% and even higher in case of 
crude-linked products. 
 
This has gradually shifted the market towards a more supplier-driven environment. Though in 
May, market is a little sluggish due to rising heat across the country and people are waiting for 
the monsoons. The crop activity, though, is expected to improve in the month of June as the 
monsoons hit the Indian coastline. 
 
Our response and operational readiness. Despite of these challenges, we have responded 
proactively to ensure a smooth operations and uninterrupted services to the farmers. We maintain 
comfortable inventory levels in the system for the upcoming season. Our pricing approach has 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 3 of 18 
 
remained rational and elaborated to protect both market competitiveness and margins. Overall, 
farming sentiment and dealer activity are improving gradually. 
 
Talking about the Q4 performance. Q4 performance remained steady and encouraging. We 
registered approximately 19% growth in Q4, supported by both B2C and B2B business. 
Premium products continue to outperform and deliver about 24% growth during the quarter. For 
the full year, the company delivered growth of above 7%, while remaining broadly profit neutral. 
The overall momentum in the business continues to strengthen while maintaining operational 
discipline. 
 
So I would now like to talk about the premiumization and product strategy. Our long-term 
strategy of premiumization and differentiated technologies is going with strong traction. Over 
the last 3 years, we have launched more than 25 products. Several of these products are now 
witnessing encouraging acceptance from farmers across markets. This growing farmer 
confidence gives us strong visibility and confidence for the future. 
 
Talking about R&D, the products developed through our own R&D such as Torry Super, 
Centran SC, Centran granule receives an excellent response from the farmer, also Amuse and 
many others. Innovation remains a core pillar of our strategy, and we'll continue investing in the 
differentiated technologies and solutions. 
 
I would also like to share about our partnerships, particularly the global partnership with Nissan 
and Corteva. On the collaboration front, we continued strengthening our portfolio through 
partnerships with global investors, innovators. During the year, we launched advanced products 
like Altair from Nissan. 
 
We have launched SPARCLE, Granuvia and through our collaboration with Corteva. And now 
we are about to launch two more products, SPINOACE and Green Mix. Our partnership with 
Corteva is progressing very well, and we share a common purpose, to provide integrated 
solution-based latest technology to the farmer. 
 
With another major launch during the year, our total launches under our partnerships are going 
to be four. Going forward, we expect additional differentiated technologies and premium 
solutions from Corteva. We share a common purpose with Corteva, serving farmer through 
integrated and technology-driven solutions. Corteva itself is built on a strong innovation legacy 
combining the strengths of DuPont Crop Protection, Dow agencies, and Pioneer. 
 
Then, I think it is also relevant to discuss about our fully owned subsidiary known as Kaeros. 
It's a strategic growth platform. I can say Kaeros is another important strategic initiative by IIL. 
Strategically, Kaeros will help us in expansion of distribution reach, build an independent sales 
channel, improve supply chain effectiveness to direct imports and enhance bulk supplies 
capabilities. 
 
Kaeros is being positioned as future-ready agri-science platform. This portfolio will cover all 
insecticides, herbicides, fungicides, bio-stimulants, micronutrients and plant health products. 
The philosophy behind Kaeros combines traditional farming wisdom and scientific innovation. 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Through the Dr. Dada identity, we are portraying the story of a young Indian scientist and 
farmer's son who bridges grassroot understanding and modern agricultural science. World-class 
product from the strength of IIL to expand Kaeros business. 
 
Talking about the balance sheet. On the balance sheet side, working capital continues to remain 
at elevated levels. However, our manufacturing facilities at Sotanala and Dahej provide 
sufficient capacity headroom for future growth. These facilities also ensure scalability and 
operational flexibility. Therefore, our capex requirement going forward remains largely nominal 
or in the range of INR25- INR30 crores, which we call as a maintenance capex once we complete 
our projects in the year FY27. 
 
I would like to talk about the strategic pillars of IIL at a broader level. Broader level, our strategy 
continues to operate around three important pillars: Bringing latest technology solutions through 
internal R&D as well as global partnership, providing integrated crop-based solutions that 
address the entire requirement of the farmer, ensuring faster introduction of off-patented 
technologies at affordable prices for Indian farmers. 
 
Talking about the outlook of FY27. Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic about the 
demand environment for FY27. Pillar activity is improving amid rising prices. The pricing 
actions may support decent growth during the upcoming season. Our end demand visibility will 
become clearer as the season progress. We'll remain mindful that prolonged geopolitical tensions 
may continue to impact business conditions and keep raw material price elevated for some time. 
We'll also take care of the evolving global supply chain conditions, the El Nino impact, crop 
mix change, particularly in the dry crops. 
 
In the end, I would like to very proudly tell you that Insecticides India is entering into its 25th 
year, our Silver Jubilee, and we believe that IIL is entering a new era of transforming -- 
transformation and growth. Our strengthened product portfolio, expanding distribution 
ecosystem, global technology partnerships, manufacturing readiness, and growing farmer trust 
position us strongly for the future. Going forward, we believe we'll continue investing in 
innovation, premiumization, technology, organizational capabilities, and operational excellence. 
 
We'll continuously work on improvement of ROCE and building the positive cash flow. We'll 
continue with our aggressive market development activities and farmer training. Just a reference, 
we touched more than 75 lakhs farmer in the previous year. We'll continue to offer premium 
solutions, comprehensive basket for our new gen solution. 
 
So, distribution is the key strength of IIL, and we continue to strengthen it. As we build the next 
IIL, I will say, we'll maintain a good momentum. Our performance will improve day by day. 
Thank you once again for your continued trust, confidence, and support. 
 
I hand over the line to Sandeep Aggarwal for a review of the finance. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we are not able to hear you clearly. 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Rajesh-ji. I'm Sandeep Aggarwal, CFO of the company. Yes, good evening, 
everyone, and a warm welcome to all the participants. As the full year has already gone, so the 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 5 of 18 
 
full year results I will discuss FY25 versus FY26. Revenue from operation has improved from 
INR2,000 crores to INR2,140 crores, a jump of around 7%. Gross profit increased from INR641 
crores to INR675 crores, a jump of around 5%. EBITDA has increased from INR221 crores to 
INR227 crores, a jump of around 3%. 
 
And the PAT, there is a slight decline from INR142 crores to INR139 crores. And the basic 
reason of decline is a provision of taxes. So deferred tax has increased by around INR9 crores 
in this year. That's why it is showing a decline. So sales by segment, if you see in FY26, the 73% 
contribution has come from B2C, 22% has come from B2B, and 5% from exports. 
Let me share some other figures also. So during this year, from all the patented products, the 
total turnover revenue is INR322 crores. The revenue from total combination product is INR324 
crores. The revenue from in-licensing product is INR226 crores. The revenue from 5 products 
launched during the year is INR40 crores. And the revenue from products launched last year has 
increased from INR23 crores to INR82 crores. 
We will see the journey of last 3 years. The EBITDA of the company has increased from 6.8% 
to 10.6%. Gross profit margin improved from 23.1% to 31.5%. ROE improved from 6.9% to 
11.4%. And ROCE improved from 10.4% to 16.1%. 
 
And in addition to this, I want to share one more information with you. So, our MD son, Mr. 
Sanskar Aggarwal, the new generation, has today joined the Board of Insecticides India Limited. 
And on the addition of Mr. Sanskar Aggarwal, company has proposed ESOPs for the older 
employees as a gift to employees and to attract the latest good talent from the market. So this is 
the first strategic move from our new Director, the new generation, Mr. Sanskar Aggarwal. 
Thank you. Thank you very much. We can open the house for questions please.  
Moderator: 
First question comes from the line of Rushabh Shah with Buglerock PMS. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, in one of the calls, you have said that at Insecticides, you manage your inventory and 
receivables a bit differently as compared to what is happening in the industry. So could you 
please explain a bit more in detail how and what differently are you doing, sir, managing the 
inventory and the receivables? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
When we say we work differently, that we try to generate the demand from the market and then 
we push product into the market. So we plan what is to be done during the season. We make the 
bookings in the market, try to receive the orders from the distributors, but we make slow 
supplies.  
We see that when we are making the supplies to the distributor, the market should -- the material 
should move to the retailer. And when the retailer comes in, then we -- my team starts working 
with the farmer and we try that to clear up the market by the end of the season. So that has been 
the strategy. 
Though last year, it was a very bad hit because during the middle of the season, it was a very 
dry environment and all the dry crop herbicides, there were heavy goods return actually for that 
in the middle of the season. So this year we are going with a cautious approach. So we are trying 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 6 of 18 
 
to divide the risk by dividing the products and we are doing limited placements. Yes, we are 
booking the materials from the market, from the distributors and retail. But the strategy is that 
we should be able to decrease these good returns substantially and that has been always a 
strength of IIL and we wish to continue with that. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yes, sir. And sir, my second question is, one of our competitors has grown in a niche segment 
like with specialty of herbicides, targeting specialty ---and they have done well. So just wanted 
to know, are we also targeting any such specific crops or specific problems so that even our 
ratios and margins could be benefited? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
We have launched a lot of solutions in the previous 2 years, 3 years. And we have the specialty 
over the Herbicide segment for all the crops. If I talk about the dry crops, then I have a herbicide 
for cotton, a specialty product. I have herbicide -- 3 herbicides for maize, I have multiple 
herbicides for soybean and pulses.  
I have a specialty herbicide for even sugarcane, a lot many products for paddy, including Altair, 
which was launched in the last year. So we have a lot of products for almost all the crops and 
we are doing well. The last year contribution, which has come from the Herbicide segment is 
39% and there was heavy goods return, actually, particularly in this segment.  
And there was a price decline also because there were many products which were launched in 
the last 2 years, 3 years and they were off-patented technologies, which made the competition. 
But moving forward, I believe the prices have stabilized and they are going at those levels. And 
we see the quantities going up. So this should be a decent year. We should -- our Herbicide 
segment particularly should register a good increase in this year, I believe. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, my next question is like which are the main crops for insecticides we target and what are the 
top 5 products combining all the like insecticides, herbicides, etc.? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
We target almost all the crops. Rice is the biggest crop in the country. So yes, it is my key crop. 
Along with rice, we work on sugarcane and we work on maize and then we start working on 
cotton. Horticulture is very, very big crop because horticulture, in particular is a very big 
segment because it starts from apple, then chili, then pomegranate and many vegetables are very, 
very important crops these days.  
So we are active in almost everything. When wheat comes in, in the rabi season, is an important 
crop. Soybeans, I think I named that. So soybean, pulses. So we have the solutions for 
everything. And we are identifying the gaps in our portfolio and trying to fulfil those gaps. So 
we provide all types of solutions, insecticide, fungicide, pesticide. We have seen that our 
fungicide sale has also touched double digit in the previous fiscal year. 
Rushabh Shah: 
And my next question is like we are definitely expanding on distribution and also educating the 
farmers on various products that we introduce. My question is on the brand building. How much 
effort are we taking to build a brand, registering the brand name in the mind of the farmers so 
that farmers not only come back for -- come back to us for same product. 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 7 of 18 
 
But also expand his purchase for upward and lateral purchase of other requirements also. 
Because, sir, brand -- building brand is extremely important, which can be seen in the return 
ratios of our competitors also. So how are we working towards that so that even our -- like the 
ratios or the margins increase because as farmer comes to us like -- come to us for the brand 
building, so we get the benefit of it? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes, very decent question, I would say. So we work a lot on brand building. For this, we have 
set up a huge team in the country, headed by the CMO. Under the CMO, I have about 90 people 
who are the FMMs, means field marketing managers. Under them, we have the field marketing 
executives.  
And under these people, I have a team of more than 1,000 CA, CAs are crop advisers who are 
working across the country. All this I'm managing through sales force. So they have to make an 
entry for about their activities, about their plans in the coming weeks, coming months. The entire 
plans are defined, how many demonstrations they have to make. 
How many farmer meetings they have to do, how many displays they have to do, how many 
dealer training they have to do, how many farmer trainings, everything is very well defined 
actually and they have to fulfil their targets. They are crop-wise and everything. And the biggest 
achievement of Insecticides India is ICS plot.  
ICS is Insecticides India Crop Solutions plot. So last year, we made about more than INR30-odd 
crores. And this year, we are going to double this number. What we are doing here is a farmer 
may be of a size of 10, 20, 25 acres, we take 1 acre from him. And on 1 acre of land, we give 
our solution.  
And the entire -- like the fertilization and other things he does by his own practice, but the crop 
protection thing is followed by Insecticides India and everything is measured and marked, how 
much expense he is incurring on his acres, how much expense we are incurring. And then we go 
up to the field and then we demonstrate to him that by investing in Insecticides India. What is 
the total expenditure for the acre and what is the total expenditure he is making on other acres. 
How much is the yield growth? How much is the advantage and we are conducting a lot of 
farmer and dealer meetings, field meetings on those crops. So this has been a highly successful 
program. And this year -- last year, it was on paddy, it was on chili.  
This year, we are extending maize. This year, we are extending cotton and some other crops, 
actually and we'll be conducting more than 70 ICS plots in this year. So I believe that we are 
continuously working for the brand and not to talk about the BTL activities and the other 
activities which we run for the brand building exercise.  
So we are always very, very active in the market and we are trying to create a brand. And when 
we talk about the new launches, particularly I'm bringing the new generation solutions through 
my R&D centre or even by the collaboration. I can only sell these products by brand building. 
If there is a pull from the market, if there is a demand, if the farmer is coming to buy that product, 
then only he will get the product.  

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Otherwise, there is a chance that even if a farmer comes to a shop, then he gets the alternate 
product. So we have to take care that, we have to train the farmer. We have to work at the 
counters. We have to keep the interest of all the people alike so that we can keep on selling these 
products. 
So the efforts in the brand building are huge from Insecticide India. So I believe that the total 
manpower, which I have on ground is one of the highest in the country, more than 700 
headquarters for sales and more than 1,000 for the brand building activities. The CA reaches to 
about 1,400 on the peak. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. I will get back in the queue.  
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from Bhargav with Ambit. 
Bhargav: 
Yeah. Good evening team and congratulations for launching the ESOP program. It's very 
heartening to basically hear that. Sir, in your opening remarks, you mentioned that there is raw 
material inflation and prices are likely to increase. So now that we have closer to INR800 crores 
of inventory sitting on the balance sheet, will we be a beneficiary now given that a lot of our 
competitors, especially the smaller ones, may not have this inventory and essentially, as prices 
rise, larger players tend to benefit. Is that understanding correct, sir? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes, that's correct actually provided we are able to encash that. So there is every effort that we 
should take the advantage of the current situation because we generally start our planning from 
Diwali and this Diwali to Holi exercise whatever we buy and whatever we procure So yes, this 
year, since the prices have gone up, so this will be particularly helpful. So we are keeping the 
finger crossed for the good monsoons. And as the sowing season starts in the month of June, the 
things are going to pick up and we should get the advantage. The understanding is 100% correct. 
Thank you for the opportunity. 
Bhargav: 
Secondly, sir, on the CDMO front, now that we are launching ESOPs, obviously, we'll be able 
to hire good talent. So are you also working on a 3 to 4-year plan to ramp up our exports, 
especially the CDMO side of the business? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes, that's very, very important actually and we are trying to build up the brand in that fashion 
so that we are able to attract the CDMO relationships. So already there are certain things which 
are in the initial stages and there will be some small supplies which will be going for trial 
purposes. So when I say trials, trials can be one container also. So we have to build that 
relationship stronger and we have to see how much we are able to attract in the future. So -- but 
yes, that is in pipeline. We are working in that direction. 
Bhargav: 
Great sir. Thank you very much and all the best for the future and congrats to Sanskar for joining 
the Board. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from Bharat Gupta with Fair Value Capital. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sir, a couple of questions. So just first, can you share the breakup of volume-led growth during 
the quarter and for the full year? 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
I give it to Sandeep-ji. 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
So during the quarter, the volume growth is 5% and the value growth is 14%. And then during 
the full year, the volume growth is 5% and the value growth is 2%. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Sir, any price increase which we have taken recently during the quarter 1? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes, we have taken two price increases in the month of April, and they were quite successful. 
So May is a little sluggish, as I talked about in my commentary also. So let's see how June 
behaves because it depends on a lot of geopolitical factors and other things. And of course, since 
it's El Nino year, so people are a little worried with the high temperature because in many parts 
of the country, 48 degrees are normal, so which is new for many, many people. So keeping the 
fingers crossed, waiting for the rain. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And so far, sir, whatever price increase which we have taken, that has been absorbed by the 
dealers and distributors? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
April, the first price increase was very much appreciated. The second one, there was some issues. 
So some discount we had to offer in the month of May. So we are thinking about June, we'll be 
able to take the price increase in the beginning or in the middle of June. That decision is yet to 
be taken. It depends on the market demand. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And sir, considering the recent spike in the raw materials family because of the crude derivative 
nature. So how should we think about the gross margins and the EBITDA margins going ahead? 
And given our capability in the backward integration side, so do we see a meaningful margin 
expansion potential for us during fiscal year '27? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
It is difficult to comment at this moment that we'll be able to increase it by how much percentage. 
But yes, there will be a small increase. Let's see how much. So it can be small to large. It depends 
on the season. If there is demand, of course, it will be all based on demand and supply. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And sir, given the heat waves and the labor shortages, which has been seen across the market, 
so any expectations or do you see any increase in the herbicide category of demand? And how 
is the channel inventory out there in the system currently? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Overall, the herbicides are seeing the traction and there is a lot of increase in the demand in the 
recent years. This year also that sentiment is going to continue because manpower is very, very 
expensive and the chemical control is much, much cheaper. So farmer is adopting the chemical 
herbicides and a lot of the specialty herbicides are already entering into the market and they are 
creating the less price.  
So this will continue. Yes, the farmer is waiting for the rains. So that is one reason that the 
placements are not happening with the speed, but it should happen. So May, we should be able 
to touch the last year numbers, but we will not be able to cross with humping I would say the 
humping thing. So it will all depend on the June. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And sir, how do you see the traction which is doing across the B2B side of the business? 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
B2B is also good actually. We are able to maintain last year’s numbers. So April was an increase. 
May, again, I expect to grow in B2B. So B2B will be positive actually in this entire year also 
and in this quarter also. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And just last question, sir. Sandeep, can you just provide a breakup of the B2C revenues which 
you have done for this year to the last year? 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Last year was 73% B2C, 22% B2B, and IBD was 5% international business. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. Sir, I was asking with respect to the share of patented products combinations as well as 
the new product share. So can you just provide me some details? 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Bharat, we had already told you, the patented product share during the year is INR322 crores. 
Bharat Gupta 
Can you please guide for the last year, sir? 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Last year, the patented product sale was around INR330 crores and sale from combination, 
product INR311 crores. 
Bharat Gupta: 
And for the other product categories, sir? 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
For in-licensing product, last year sales were INR229 crores, this year INR226 crores. 
Bharat Gupta: 
Right. That's it from my side, sir. And wishing all the good luck to the company for its silver 
jubilee as well as for Sanskar for joining the pool. Thank you, sir. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Thank you very much thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next follow-up question comes from Rushabh Shah with BugleRock PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, just wanted to know how do you manage your 
channel like when we have unsellable inventory, which is, so do you directly take write-off? Or 
do you keep rotating your unsellable inventory along with the fresh products which we 
introduced into the channel? So just wanted to know your relationship with the channel. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Like we don't take any write-offs in the market. So whatever is left at the end of the season, we 
pick that up from the channel. We don't leave the inventory with the channel at all because if I 
leave the inventory, and instead of 5 week on 10, and he is not going to pay to me. So to keep 
the thing safer and in our control, what we do is at the end of the season, we lift everything 
whatever he has. 
So if it is the field pattern, then that's mine. So I don't leave the inventory. It's the mistake of my 
team that they are not able to dispose it off to the farmer or they are not able to take it to the 
retailer. So we take it that way. So we don't leave anything with them. And then the next season, 
we do a fresh placement to them. 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 11 of 18 
 
So first, we try to move it from north to south, depending on the seasonal requirement. If that 
gets consumed within the year, it's fine. If it, looks longer, then we take it back to factory, 
reformulate the material and bring it back to the market. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Sir, what is your vision related to, sir, exports since like, actually, we could not scale it up the 
way we were thinking. So what do you think how much percentage would we command as a 
percent there? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Exports has been slow for us, but I see it growing with our growing numbers. We are able to 
maintain the export figure roughly around 5%. I see it growing up to 10% in next 2 to 3 years. 
And I see the contribution from export to go up, particularly linking to CDMO. Till last year, 
we were making a lot of brand, I would say, white labelling business. But last year, we started 
with more technicals and that business is going to contribute a lot. The CDMO type of business 
where we make the product for the company is also going to contribute. So I see the international 
business for IIL growing slowly and steadily. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is in R&D, what is our like head ratio, means how many products 
are successful as compared to the trials done at the back end because R&D is the backbone of 
our company and huge amount of investment goes into it? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
It's a very tricky question actually because we do different type of R&Ds. So we are into basic 
discovery, we are into formulation development, we are into reverse engineering, and we are 
also into biologicals. 
So the ratios in everything are different, entirely different. So when it comes to basic discovery, 
we are doing about, we are studying more than 10,000 products every year since last over 10 
years. Our R&D was started in 2014, and we started with 5,000-6,000 products every year. And 
now that number has gone somewhere near to 9,000-10,000 products every year. 
So out of that, we have filed about a dozen patents from the JV. And now in this year, we should 
make the first filing in India for our first product for which we are waiting for the IUPAC mail, 
which is expected shortly because it took more than the routine time actually. So, but yes, that 
will be coming. 
When it comes to formulation development, then yes, all products are not equally successful. 
You launch, you don't get the response because sometimes the window of the usage, which you 
have suggested does not match the window of the usage of the farmer. In that case, we try to add 
more products with that or put 1 more or 2 solutions more along with our solutions so that we 
get a better response from the market to match the farmer's window. 
And these days, we are very, very peculiar. We have appointed a team of about 1 dozen doctors 
whose major objective is to finalize the product to see the results across the country. So they are 
established from Punjab to down south to Tamil Nadu. So they have their headquarters, they 
have to try the dose. They have to compare it with the competition. They have to see like what 
type of result is going to come in the different crop in different climatic zones and they decide. 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 12 of 18 
 
So this is a specialized team, which has no other task except conducting these trials of 500, 600 
products during the year. And after conducting so many trials, they give me about 10, 15 hardly 
in the entire year. So that is the type of activity. And when it comes to reverse engineering, then 
we know the product is already a success. We have to work for the pricing, we have to work for 
the quality. We have to make decent formulation and we have to develop the mixture. So there 
the success ratio is relatively high. 
Rushabh Shah: 
Okay. Thank you so much sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Madhur Rathi with Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand regarding our technical plant. So are 
these plants currently operating on a breakeven level or are these profitable? And sir, the 
Sotanala plant, sir, where are we in commissioning that technical plus formulation at that 
location? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Okay. I'll go step-by-step. So the breakeven is already done on all technical plants. In Dahej, we 
have recently added one more building, in which we called L&T. So in the L&T, the 
manufacturing has just started, which is going to take it's swing, and it will also breakeven, 
means it will, this plant will also be profitable post by Diwali actually. 
So if I talk about Sotanala, in Sotanala the target to start the formulation is around Diwali time. 
So I'm not sure that will I be able to bill it or not because that will be a strategic decision taken 
by the CFO at that time, looking at the investment. 
And the target to start the technical plant is somewhere around March. So it can be March, April 
of 2027 to start the first building, we are making 2 buildings. In one building, the plant design 
is already set, and we are going to stock all the instruments and trying it and we wish to start at 
full-fledged. So that we should start in the next kharif, early kharif, I would say. And the second 
building we'll make the structure and then we'll take a call according to the market yield. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, so currently, what percentage of our raw material requirements are met through the Dahej 
technical plant? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Dahej technical plant requirements, I'm not having the percentages handy. But just to, I think 
we'll share that number. 
Madhur Rathi: 
No problem. Sir, no problem sir. Sir, we have launched 25 new products over the past 3 years. 
Sir, so how should I look at our share of the patented or the premium product in our B2C 
revenue? Can it reach 70% over the next 2 to 3 years? Is that a fair estimation? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
We divide our products into Maharatna and Focused Maharatna segment, which is a premium 
segment. At this moment, they are contributing roughly about 60% to 63%. So it's my vision to 
take it to 60%- 70% in next 4 years. So the growth is a little slow. But yes, we are focused to 
increase that sales. So what you are saying, 70% percent is achievable, but it will take 3 to 4 
years. 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. So sir, so how should I look at our revenue growth and margin for the upcoming year with 
whatever, sir, because technical prices have increased, can we expect to maintain the margin that 
we did in FY26? Or can we expect to improve it further? And what kind of volume and revenue 
growth can we expect conservatively for this year? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
It's a difficult thing to say, but I can say that both top line and bottom line will be positive. The 
results will be visible from the first quarter itself. So far, the number is a little flat. We have to, 
all will depend on June, how the monsoons turns out, but I'm still very, very optimistic that there 
will be a decent growth in this year. And since it's a silver jubilee year, and I'm also launching 
Kaeros. So we expect that we should have a decent growth. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, on the margin front? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Of course, on the margin front also. We have already crossed double digits. I wish to improvise. 
So let's see because the seasonal conditions plays a very crucial role in achieving the margin 
targets actually. So as I get more visibility, I'll be able to give more numbers. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, just a final question from my side. Sir, what is the target working capital cycle that 
we would like to reach maybe in 1 or 2 years? Sir, can we reach 120-day working capital cycle 
from our current 140, 150 days? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
It's not a difficult target. We are already working on reducing the inventory levels. We wish to 
grow without reducing---- without increasing the inventory. And we are also working on the 
average freight days, DSOs, what we provide to the market. So since there is work which is 
going on, on both the directions, and we are working for brand building. 
So in totality, they will all lead to reduction in the working capital cycle. So yes, it is achievable, 
and we should be able to achieve, your target won’t be difficult even in this year. So it depends 
on the conditions. So as the season comes, I'll be in a better position. If I were to liquidate 
everything now, then itself that number will be achievable in this year itself. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. So that was from me and thank you so much and all the best. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Praneeth with SJ Investments. Please go ahead. 
Praneeth: 
Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So one question I had regarding our focus on generics. 
You mentioned that in our last calls that we've done well in the patented products. But in 
generics, you wanted, there was a space which you wanted to expand in. So could you give some 
guidance on what's happening there? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
When I say we play with generics, then it's more in the field of technical rather than the 
formulations. So we do a lot of generic formulations also because my goal range itself 
contributes about 35% of my total sales, and they are all generics. 
So there are certain products where we are very weak in terms of popularity, in terms of this 
market demand for many products. And when it comes to making of AI, like we started making 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 14 of 18 
 
carbendazim this year, we started making pretilachlor again this year. We started making 
something like Amatrin relatively newer generation product, but it is still a generic, we started 
making this propanil. So a lot of generics were introduced in the recent past actually. The AI as 
well as the formulation. And it's a continuous effort which we keep on making to make our 
generics also profitable sometimes. 
Praneeth: 
Got it sir. And next is regarding Kaeros. Could you explain the strategy behind it? I understand 
that we wanted to expand this as a standalone brand. But in the past, you mentioned that you 
might want to put the B2B business in this. Could you just give some guidance, if there has been 
a shift in strategy with this brand? And going forward, what is the strategy? Yeah. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Behind Kaeros, there is a 3-point program. So one is the brand building because we have a lot 
of, so many products which are patented and which are new technology, and we are making 
more than 2 dozen technicals these days. 
So there is a huge opportunity to take this to the market and establish a parallel distribution 
network. That is target number one. Target number two is to make the imports from China, 
which we are not doing for Insecticides India at all. So we can make these imports of the 
technicals from China and directly compete in the market. And third target is, of course, to start 
my B2B activities, particularly P2P, pack-to-pack, products from Kaeros. 
So that I could not start in a big way. Why? Because we didn't have the permissions of the entire 
country. So now since the brand is launched and apart from South India, we have established 
our network in the entire country. So, we already have got the permissions in the entire country. 
So, it will be more convenient to start the P2P business from Kaeros in future. And that is our 
vision also. 
Praneeth: 
Sir, in terms of identity, how would the Tractor brand versus Kaeros be different in the market? 
You mentioned you want to do parallel distribution, right? What are the exact differentiation 
between both the... 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes. We will do parallel distribution. For Tractor brand, is already a symbol of growth. Tractor 
is a very popular symbol among the farmer. Here for Kaeros, we have established Dr. Dada, a 
new case of a farmer son, who is an educated man, and who is trying to educate the farmer. So, 
we have Dr. Dada, Dr. Didi, who are moving in the fields and in all our campaigns, social 
campaigns, very, very successful. 
If you would have a look at the packaging, international packaging is done. If you look at the 
quality of the products, same IIL quality they are getting. And of course, there is some discount 
because it's an initial company -- initial launch. But at the same time, when we are offering the 
discount, we are also keeping the expenses on the lower side. There is no marketing team for 
Kaeros. Its only sales team. Sales team also hard core sales team limited number of people. 
So, we are trying to do it with limited people, do the sales in the market with state sales through 
the network, going to the retailers, establishing them. So, the overall idea is to get a market share 
by establishing the relationship with the people who are always wanting to connect with 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Insecticides India. But since I already have the network and the relationship in the market, I 
could not connect to them. 
But of course, when they look at Kaeros, so indirectly, we are getting the advantage of 
relationship with Insecticides India and all the advantages, which I'll give it to its network that 
Kaeros will also give it to its network. So, we are getting good support from all around the 
country. 
Praneeth: 
So Kaeros is supposed to be a cheaper alternative to our partnership products or is it a more 
expensive product? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
That's something -- no, that is something I will not agree because in the initial stages, I have to 
give some 2%, 3% discount to get the market position. And after that, will it be a premium 
brand? Will things come more -- at a more premium or they will be at par with IIL? It depends 
on the strategy. 
Till we are there, yes, there is some discount, but it won't be a cheaper position. There is no 
strategy to fight with the lower grade company, and to compete in the market. It's not a strategy. 
Praneeth: 
Understood sir. Just one more clarification. You mentioned that the farmers, who wanted a 
relationship with IIL and was not able to get it, are going to be able to monetize through this 
Kaeros. Can you explain why we were not able to get relationship? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
It's not with the farmer, it's with the network, distributors. The distributors were keen, the 
farmers, so any number of farmers I can cater in -- farmers is not a problem. The problem is the 
distributor. If I have already a distributor in Amandi. I cannot appoint a second distributor. 
So, there were people who wanted to join hands with IIL because of our strength in the product 
range, in the quality, in the commitment, in the supply position. So, they want to get advantage. 
So, all those people have already attended two, three launch meetings, very, very successful. 
And people have welcomed the Kaeros very warmly. 
Praneeth: 
But sir, don't you think, this will cause some channel in harmony because till now -- because the 
reason, you're not able to get another distributor in a similar area is, because you had a 
partnership, but won't this already existing partner not happy with you, that you're also partnering 
with someone else, the competitor? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
As a strategy, there is no common distributor within both the companies. So, people had the 
reservation initially because many of the distributors wanted to block Kaeros also along with 
IIL. But since that became a policy, so we said no to everybody. So, I don't think that there is 
any competition of the type or there is any irritation in the market on the side because both the 
brands are different and they are going in a different fashion. So, it's going smooth. 
Praneeth: 
Sir, could you just give some idea on, from today, how will Tractor and IIL move forward? And 
how will it be established versus Kaeros? Like I'm just trying to understand how different are 
both of this going to be. I understand in terms of efficiency or working capital, priority will all 
be with like similar to today. But I'm trying to understand the identity of both. 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
What are the advantages with IIL? IIL is a popular name. IIL has got collaborations, the 
international collaboration, the products are first coming to IIL. IIL has got its own R&D center. 
So, the products are first coming to IIL. And Kaeros is a following company. When I say 
following, tomorrow, if I'm inventing too many things. When I say inventing, inventing is the 
wrong word here, I should say innovating. So, I may bring 10 mixtures. 
So, we may decide that 4 mixtures we are going to give exclusively to Kaeros and 6 mixtures 
IIL may market. So Kaeros, will get those advantages, but they are going to first come to IIL. If 
I talk about Corteva, if I talk about Nissan, if I talk about OIL or OAT. So, all these products, 
which come from a collaboration, they come to IIL, they don't go to Kaeros. 
So, for Kaeros, I have to establish first Kaeros, take the permission from them that, okay, will 
they give another brand for me to market in Kaeros? So those advantages are not available to 
Kaeros only. IIL has got all the advantages. So those advantages are not available to Kaeros 
fully. IIL has got all the advantages. So whatever new collaborations we are going to do, mostly 
they are available to IIL, not to Kaeros. 
Praneeth: 
Sir, I understand that -- so basically, all the international partnerships, the premium products will 
come to IIL first. But after, let's say, the partnership has matured, the particular formulation that 
you already have partnered with, you probably create with Kaeros also. Is that right? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes and no. Because, again, if there is an exclusive commitment with one company, they will 
not give it to another company. They might not want to do it. There may be certain other cases 
where they choose to do it. So, it depends on the scenario. But generally, it won’t happen. 
Praneeth: 
Sir, so right now, as Kaeros will be a standalone brand, whereas Tractor brand would be more 
associated with international partnerships, Kaeros will be more, let's say, our own formulation 
innovation. Is that right at least? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes. That portion is correct. 
Praneeth: 
Understood sir. And in terms of brand building, like how long -- where do you see this? How 
long do you think it will take to establish? And when will it meaningfully start contributing to 
our revenues in the next -- will it be 2 years, 3 years, or it will be longer? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
I purchased this company less than INR6 crores. This year, the PAT margin is INR4.5 crores. 
Praneeth: 
Sir, you mentioned the revenue of INR6 crores and the PAT is INR4.5 crores? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Revenue is not INR6 crores. I purchased this company two years back, this Kaeros was 
purchased for INR6 crores, less than INR6 crores. And this year, in the second year itself, the 
profit -- the PAT margin is INR4... 
Sandeep Aggarwal: 
Above INR5 crores. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Above INR5 crores, the PAT margin. 
Praneeth: 
So, in terms of revenues, how are they today? And how do you think they'll scale up? 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
About 110 -- 111 in this year, where we have not started the brand. And this year is the brand 
operating year. So, we should be at least doubling these total sales of Kaeros in this fiscal. 
Praneeth: 
Understood sir. So, could it be a fair assumption that, we'll continue to double our sales for the 
next 3-4 years for this brand, and IIL will continue to grow at a moderate pace? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes. Kaeros will be one of the contributors, which should contribute 5% to 7%- 8% to IIL's 
volume. And of course, IIL should also grow by a similar number. So IIL has a double-digit 
growth. 
Praneeth: 
So last question is regarding our partnership with Nissan, OAT. Could you give some -- are we 
any close to commercializing more products? Or what is the stage right now? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
We keep on doing it regularly. We sign products, we sign technology, and the product takes 3 
to 4 years to come with Nissan. So already in the last fiscal, we have launched Altair. In the next 
fiscal, we have a product visible, which should be launched somewhere in the middle of -- in the 
early kharif of next year. 
So, there are many technologies which are already signed. And there is one more technology 
which is being signed with Nissan and one more company. So, we have different types of 
agreements for different products. So, Nissan will continue giving us products. Already we have 
7 and many more are going to join that brand. 
Praneeth: 
I was also referring to the joint venture we have with OAT, said OAT and IIL, so in terms of 
commercializing, I was asking the new products, like the products we are innovating right now 
in the joint venture. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
That is done with OAT, we are doing the new product discovery. So, our discovery product is 
also expected to hit in 2027, the first one. So, we have not made an application so far. For every 
product, you get a chemical name, and then you get the IUPAC name, which is the name of the 
product. So, we have proposed one name, that did not clear. So, we are proposing second name. 
So, we are expecting to get it soon. As the name comes in, it is going through Japan. So as the 
name gets clicked, so immediately, we file for the application, our entire data pack is ready to 
be filed. So, we'll do that. So as the product comes, let's look for the success. 
Praneeth: 
 
Got it, sir. So that's it from my side. Thank you so much for your answers. 
Rajesh Aggarwal:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from S.A. Narayan with Capricorn Research. Please go ahead. 
S.A. Narayan: 
Rajesh, compliments for coming across with good performance. One small bookkeeping query. 
Your finance cost for the year is more than doubled, INR16.87 crores current year, FY26, and 
the previous year, INR6.86 crores. I'm talking of consolidated figures. Why would this be? And 
how would we unwind these costs? 

Insecticides India Limited 
May 28, 2026 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Yes. We are working on that. The inventory levels will be last fiscal a little more, one part. 
Second part is, yes, we utilized our bank limits. Number third part is we invested on the new 
products. So, the total investment which went for the new products were about INR94 crores, 
which went from the internal accruals. 
So, I'll not say that we have taken the money from the regular course of business, but still, yes, 
the investment was more and the inventory was more. So, in both these directions, we need to 
work. And we also need to work on faster cash collection. So, we have started working more on 
the DSO. So, this year, there will be the full effort that we are able to bring it down substantially. 
S.A. Narayan: 
When we do our model, what would we consider, likely interest cost for FY27? Just give me a 
ballpark figure? 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
Like if you are talking about particularly modelling, to my Board, I will be presenting the number 
what I've done last year. I'm not sure it's conservative at that time because if I cross that, then it 
becomes a problem for me. But internally, there is a target that we'll reduce it by at least 25%, 
30%. 
S.A. Narayan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Aggarwal: 
I thank everyone for the active participation, and asking the very relevant questions from us. 
Thanks for always advising us and giving the -- showing us the right direction. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Insecticides India Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you, 
everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
