 
Registered Office: Symphony Limited, Symphony House, Third Floor, FP-12, TP-50, Off S.G. Highway, Bodakdev, Ahmedabad - 380 059, India 
T: +91-79-66211111, F: +91-79-66211139-40 l Email – companysecretary@symphonylimited.com I www.symphonylimited.com 
CIN - L32201GJ1988PLC010331 
May 22, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
Symbol – Symphony   
 
 
    
Security Code – 517385 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call of Q4FY26 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
We are submitting herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call for the fourth 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026, conducted on May 18, 2026.  
 
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
company 
at 
www.symphonylimited.com/quarterly-results. 
 
This is in due compliance of applicable regulations of the SEBI (Listing obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Thanking You, 
  
Yours Truly, 
For, Symphony Limited 
  
 
 
Mayur Barvadiya  
Company Secretary and Head - Legal 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
Mayur 
Chimanbha
i Barvadiya
Digitally signed by 
Mayur Chimanbhai 
Barvadiya 
Date: 2026.05.22 
15:02:36 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Symphony Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ACHAL BAKERI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SYMPHONY LIMITED 
 
MR. NRUPESH SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
CORPORATE AFFAIRS – SYMPHONY LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH MISHRA –CHIEF GROWTH OFFICER – 
SYMPHONY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANAN GOYAL – ICICI SECURITIES  
 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Symphony Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manan Goyal from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Manan Goyal: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 and FY26 Results 
Conference Call of Symphony Limited. Today, we have with us senior management represented 
by Mr. Achal Bakeri, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Nrupesh Shah, Managing Director 
(Corporate Affairs); Mr. Rajesh Mishra, Chief Growth Officer. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for their initial comments on the quarterly 
performance and a small presentation. Then we will open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Thank you very much. Good morning, everybody. This is Achal Bakeri, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Symphony. I welcome you all to this earnings call of Symphony Limited. 
And as is our custom, my colleague, Nrupesh Shah, Managing Director (Corporate Affairs) will 
be making a brief presentation, following which we'll take your questions. The customary Safe 
Harbor rules apply, and I thank ICICI Securities for hosting this call. Over to Nrupesh Bhai. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Hello. Good morning to everybody. Thanks for joining Symphony Limited’s FY26 Investor Call 
and Earnings Presentation, coupled with Q4 FY26. So, we'll take you through performance 
highlights. Second is Australia reset, U.S. business and the related IPR consolidation. 
 
So, coming to financials. On a consol basis, for the year FY26, top line stood at ₹1,131 crores, 
down by 28% Y-o-Y, leading to PBT (before exceptional items) of ₹149 crores, down from ₹326 
crores. After providing for exceptional onetime impairment provision and net of some of the 
write-back, the PAT stands at negative ₹141 crores. 
 
The capital employed in the core business on a consol basis stands at ₹384 crores. Mainly this 
capital deployed was in Australia and Australia-related business, and ROCE, which is PBIT 
(before exceptional items) divided by capital employed based on monthly average capital 
employed stands at 34 %. 
 
Coming to stand-alone performance of Symphony India, Revenue is ₹765 crores, down from 
₹1,182 crores. PBT (before exceptional items) stands at ₹164 crores, down from ₹329 crores 
and profit after tax after exceptional items stands at negative ₹166 crores. About exceptional 
items, we will deal with it later on. And capital employed on the core business i.e. in Symphony 
India was ₹78 crores, translating into ROCE  of 149%. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Our total treasury as on 31st March '26 stands at ₹287 crores after remitting and investing ~ ₹165 
crores in Australia to repay its long-term and short-term loan, which was converted into equity 
and now impaired. 
 
For Q4 FY26 i.e. March quarter, on a consolidated basis, revenue is ₹338 crores, down from 
₹488 crores. Gross margin percentage, the noteworthy barometer of the profitability is intact. It 
is 46.4%, in line with previous year. Of course, EBITDA has taken a toll mainly on account of 
economies of scale and operating leverage and hence, EBITDA margin stands at 15.5 % down 
from 21.2 %. 
 
It is also noteworthy that Beyond India Summer Products, also known as BISP portfolio or BISP 
products, which includes large space ventilated air cooling, tower fan, kitchen fan, water heater, 
exports from India and overseas subsidiaries sales. That is the product portfolio not specifically 
dependent on Indian summer that constituted ₹558 crores of sales out of about ₹1,100 crores 
plus, i.e. 49 % of FY26 Consolidated revenue, in a way through partly through product 
diversification and geographical diversification, derisking the business. 
 
During the year, IMPCO Mexico registered flattish revenue with overhang of channel inventory. 
GSK China is doing well, registering decent top line as well as profitability growth. But another 
important feature is that during the current calendar year, GSK China, out of its internal accruals 
and realization from its assets, repaid ₹26 crores of loan to Symphony India and hence, as on 
date, net loan repayable to Symphony India is just ₹4 crores from peak of ₹60 crores plus and 
this ₹4 crores of loan repayment is expected in next 6 months, whereby GSK China will be debt-
free in terms of the long-term loan. 
 
USA business has registered strong momentum despite geopolitical and tariff issues and the 
profitability on a quarterly and annual basis is intact as it was in pre-tariff, pre-geopolitical 
turmoil. As far as Climate Technologies Australia is concerned, I will come to it later on. And 
the Board of Directors has declared final dividend of ₹5 on a face value of ₹2, amounting to total 
annual payout of ₹62 crores. This payout is despite taking an impairment.  
Coming to Symphony India in Q4 FY26, the revenue stands at ₹199 crores, down from ₹368 
crores.  March '25 was, of course, high base, but March '25 top line was also on account of huge 
unbilled advances as on 31st December, so high base and to an extent, extended billing to next 
quarter. There was until 31st March ’26, channel caution because of inventory overhang and bad 
summer of '25. However, starting from third week of March, especially in South, Western India 
and part of Central India, there has been decent performance in the month of April. As far as 
North and East India is concerned, channel inventories to a major extent have already been 
rationalized. However, in April as well as until now, there has been some weather disturbances, 
but it is expected that starting current week, we may witness decent summer, and in the past 
also, it has happened that especially in these parts, summer sets in from second or third week of 
May. If so, still, we have a runway of 4 to 6 weeks of decent summer sales. And as far as India 
is concerned, Beyond India Summer Products, revenue registered at ₹192 crores out of stand-
alone top line of ₹765 crores, that is slightly above 25% of the top line. Of course, this segment 
as a whole is already profitability-wise accretive, including EBITDA level as well as PBT level. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Export revenue was impacted mainly on account of ongoing Middle East geopolitical 
headwinds. 
 
Coming to Australia reset. So now talking about the Australia reset, U.S. business and on account 
of that IPR consolidation at a level of Symphony India. So, the Board of Directors and company 
have decided to take a balance sheet reset, including impairment in relation to Australia business. 
So entire equity investment made in Australia worth of ₹348 crores cumulatively, including 
about ₹298 crores in the current year has been impaired. In other words, now there is nothing 
more to impair in terms of the equity investment from Symphony India. 
 
We have ring-fenced U.S. business by making it a direct subsidiary of Symphony India and 
Bonaire USA equity has been bought over by Symphony India at a valuation of ~ ₹30 crores. In 
addition to that, some of the IPRs, especially Bonaire brand of Australia is valuable, particularly 
for U.S. business and other markets. And hence, those IPRs have been also bought over by 
Symphony India for about ₹23 crores.  
 
So, company fully recognizes investors' concern about the performance of Australia, its capital 
efficiency, year after year, the losses it has posted, and investors always like to have disciplined 
capital allocation. And we must accept that our original acquisition thesis of Australia business 
has not translated into the financial outcome due to external situation and despite making all 
around turnaround efforts. When Symphony acquired Australia business in 2018, the strategic 
rationale was to build broader international business. The acquisition provided entry into 
developed markets such as Australia and U.S.A. and added established brand portfolio. 
However, post-acquisition, Australia business encountered materially different operating 
environment with a series of external factors. Just within 15 to 16 months post-acquisition, we 
witnessed COVID-related world's longest lockdown for almost 21 months. And hence, we didn't 
get the time to really integrate and symphonize the business. On top of it, due to changes in local 
regulation, we had to exit certain key-products, especially gas-based products. But promptly, we 
replaced them with new set of products, more befitting to local market, coupled with overheads 
reduced to less than half. Also integrated manufacturing facility converted into outsourced 
business model, also tried best to enhance and expand marketing network. But in a nutshell, 
despite all that, in last 2 years, Australia business has registered losses of ₹60 crores, including 
₹33 crores in FY '26. Hence, to further reduce the financial overhang and carrying risk, 
Symphony infused ₹165 crores in March in Australia business to repay the long-term loan as 
well as working capital loan availed by the subsidiary which was by the comfort of and 
guaranteed by Symphony India. So, to that extent, loan has been repaid. Coming to specific 
impairment, on a stand-alone basis in Symphony India, we have taken an impairment of ₹298 
crores in addition to ₹50 crores taken last year. It means entire equity investment totalling ₹348 
crores have been impaired. And at the cost of repetition, nothing more to impair or in other 
words, nothing more to lose. And at a consol level, where technically accounting assets are 
different. So, all put together, the impairment is ₹259 crores, including goodwill is some of the 
intangible assets and deferred tax. So, to that extent, post PBT, PAT is impacted for the quarter 
and year as whole. The Board of Directors and company has very importantly and categorically 
decided that no further capital investment or allocation will be made to Australia business. So, 
whatever we were to invest, whatever we were to commit, we have done enough. Along with 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
this, we have acquired the shareholding of USA business directly in Symphony India amounting 
to ~ ₹30 crores and IPRs worth of ~ ₹23 crores, totalling ~ ₹52 crores. And ₹52 crores will be 
remitted again out of Treasury of Symphony India in current week or next week. And from 
remaining balance outstanding working capital loan, which is guaranteed by Symphony India, 
these proceeds will be used to repay the working capital loan. And thereafter, these are the 
financial statements more for your reference, stand-alone as well as consolidated on quarterly 
and annual basis.  
Yes, so we can have Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We have the first question from the line of Ankur Kumar from Alpha Capital. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, you said South, West and Central India have seen decent performance in April, but North 
has been weak. So can you comment overall company level, how are things? And what 
percentage of our business comes from the Northern part? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No. So, it's not like every year, North contributes the most or East contributes the most. It varies 
year after year, depending upon the season. However, despite huge inventory until pre-season, 
in April, there has been a decent uptick in the fresh business in the month of April. And coming 
to North India, as I said, most of the inventory overhang is done so far despite turbulent season. 
However, it seems that starting from current week, there may be a decent summer as it was 
witnessed in some of the past years. If so, I think we may have a fairly good summer for company 
as a whole. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sir, when you say fairly good, can you expect a double-digit type growth, 10%, 15%, 20% 
growth? How should we look at it? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, if you can give me for next 2, 3 weeks, what's going to be the precise weather, then I can 
make some analysis and give that forecast. 
Ankur Kumar: 
Sure, sir. And sir, our company has been quite pioneer in doing buybacks. And now a lot of 
companies have announced buyback, but we haven't announced any such plans. Our last 
buyback was in 2024. So any plans on that front? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So no share buyback as of now. But in a way, we bought back Australia company, we bought 
back Australian loans, and we bought back USA company by doing this balance sheet reset. 
Ankur Kumar: 
But sir, given our stock price is quite low compared to 1, 2 years ago. So, any thoughts on share 
buyback for shareholders? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, at the right time, Board will consider as it was done in the past and irrespective of anything, 
there has been a decent payout. But of course, at the right time, it can and will happen, again, 
with change in regulation. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway Investments 
Private Limited. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
I just wanted to know what is the size of your US business in terms of sales and EBITDA and 
PAT, if you can share that? And what is the loan outstanding? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So, size of US business in last 5 years have varied from, if I say in ₹, ranging from ₹30 crores to 
₹140 crores. In other words, the potential is at least ₹140 crores i.e. the kind of the sales we 
achieved. In FY '26, U.S. business sales was about ₹45 crores. I don't have the EBITDA margin 
handy right now, but by and large, it is in line with our domestic business. Of course, that margin 
gets distributed among 2 or 3 companies. But ultimately, that is the level of EBITDA margin 
from USA business. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
And what sells most in USA? And what are the products that you sell there? Is it the same thing 
that you do in India? Or is there something additional there? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Yes, it is air cooler, mainly air cooler. 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, some products are exported which are sold in U.S.A., most of the products in terms of value 
are exported from India and the balance come from our plant in Mexico. But they are all air 
coolers essentially. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And this tariff because of your Mexico tariff will not be an issue going forward. Of course, 
now there is no tariff, but still? 
Achal Bakeri: 
Yes. Fortunately, by the time our products reached the shores of America, even this year, the 
tariff had come down to whatever, 12% or so. So even from India, it wasn't really material. And 
of course, from Mexico, there is no tariff. So all in all, it's become a nonissue at the moment. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. I don't remember seeing your slide on the performance of each of your subsidiaries, GSK 
China and Mexico. Can you just give us the sales and the EBITDA numbers of these 2 
companies, the subsidiaries? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Okay. So, about IMPCO Mexico, for FY '26, the top line stood at ₹182 crores and EBITDA ₹21 
crores. For GSK China, top line was ₹96 crores and EBITDA of ₹8 crores. And for Climate 
Technologies, Australia, Top line was ₹182 crores, and including profit of USA business, the 
PAT figure I have is negative ₹11 crores because there we had a substantial interest outflow 
also. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. So now CT Australia, is finally done. Now are you closing it down? Or are you still 
looking for sale of that  though it is completely marked out of our books, are you looking at 
monetizing some part of it? Or what exactly is the plan for CT Australia going forward? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So there, we are to begin with changing the business model to where we will have distributors 
across the country who will distribute products. At the moment, the subsidiary itself has 
warehouses and distributes products to various dealers across the country. Instead of that, we 
will have distributors in key geographies who will invest, buy the products anywhere from India 
or China and warehouse them and then sell to the local dealers. So that is the plan. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
As far as your specific question about close / winding it up, that is something which we are not 
at the moment considering. At the moment, we are only looking at making the distribution more 
effective and efficient, so that we continue to build on what we have already done, without 
draining resources anymore. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes. Because you mentioned that the Board has decided not a single penny more to be given to 
CT Australia. Just was wondering how can a loss-making company survive without any funding? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So essentially, the company there will just have the team, which will manage the affairs, whereas 
the commercial transactions would be entirely between the distributors and our company in 
China or India, which have been traditionally selling products to the Australian subsidiary. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
So, what is the fixed cost of Australian subsidiary now in a strip down version for a monthly 
fixed cost of fee? 
Achal Bakeri: 
As of now, the CODB is about 500K or 600K per month, which includes significant 
warehousing, rental costs and all, which would also further reduce once the warehousing costs 
have been eliminated. So, we would essentially just have the team and some office space, which 
will manage the affairs over there. And that's a similar arrangement that we have in Brazil, And 
so, we are basically going to replicate that kind of a model. 
Vinay Nadkarni:  
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Sorry, to continue with the previous question, this 500K or 600K per month would further go 
down once the warehousing costs have been eliminated. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Manan Goyal from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Manan Goyal: 
Hi. Thank you, sir for the opportunity. So, I have one question, like with multiple new entrants 
aggressively pricing the air coolers. So what's the company's strategy to defend their market 
share? And are you seeing any average selling price pressure at the trade level? 
Achal Bakeri: 
So, Symphony has always been considered a sort of a premium brand, a mass premium brand, 
whereas all our other competitors have positioned themselves lower to Symphony for equivalent 
products. However, we have the widest range of products in the industry. And our products will 
be sort of positioned as various price points so that we are able to aggressively defend our market 
share and maybe even grow the market share. So, the advantage that we have of our product 
portfolio is that we are able to sort of have products at the value for the value segment as well 
as for the premium segment. 
Manan Goyal: 
Got it. And sir, another question is like the water heater category was launched in FY26. So what 
are the revenue numbers in this category so far? And how do you expect the EBITDA margin 
will become accretive in this category? 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Achal Bakeri: 
So it was a launch year. So the revenue wasn't anything to write home about. But in the coming 
year, we are sort of going to -- it's a long haul. It's going to be a long process. And in the years 
to come, we will sort of work our way up the revenue chain. Until last year, it was launched in 
very limited markets. So the market -- the geographical spread will also be wider this year. So 
the revenue will grow up. The products were very well received, both from customers and 
channel partners wherever they were sold. So we have a unique product proposition in terms of 
the hair fall control geyser, which is something no other competitor in the industry has. So in 
terms of technology, our product is the most advanced. But at the same time, we have launched 
value range of products as well. So we have a whole suite of products from the Spa, which is 
our flagship product to products at value price points. 
Manan Goyal: 
 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Achal Bakeri: 
 
You are welcome. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Haider Kachwalla from Yes Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Could you also provide the PAT numbers for your 
subsidiaries? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So for Climate Technologies Australia, at PAT level, it was negative ₹11 crores before 
exceptional item. For IMPCO Mexico, it is positive ₹6 crores. For GSK China, before 
exceptional item, it is positive ₹3 crores and post exceptional item, it is ₹49 crores and 
Symphony Brazil, it is negative ₹3 crores. 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Thank you for that, sir. And what do you expect the growth like looking forward in these 
subsidiaries? What would you guide for? How should we look at them? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No. So very clearly, with this Australia reset, balance sheet reset, subsidiaries will incrementally 
contribute to the profitability. And as you know, in Mexico, in China and in Brazil, we don't 
have equity capital deployment. In fact, in Mexico and China put together, our equity investment 
is less than ₹5 crores. And in GSK, the loan, which was in excess of ₹60 crores, is just ₹4 crores 
now, even that should be repaid. It means not only in terms of the top line and profitability, but 
even in terms of the overall profitability metrics, it has to be and will be quite capital accretive. 
In fact, it was Australia, which was a huge and consistent drag and had distorted the picture. 
Haider Kachwalla: 
Okay, sir. Thank you for that. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next follow-up question from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from 
Hathway Investments Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity again. Just 2 questions on the Indian business. When you said 
overall business was around ₹1,100 crores and ₹558 crores coming from BISP, the balance ₹542 
crores, I presume would be from the Indian operations alone. So when I look at how is the 
EBITDA level playing in these 2 segments? 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, of course, in household residential coolers, it is significantly better. However, in BISP 
category also, even though we have built and growing it with substantial advertisement and sales 
promotion expenses in last 3, 4 years, at an EBITDA level, it is in a decent high-single-digit 
margin percentage. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And you see that growing through operating leverage going forward? Or how exactly will 
BISP EBITDA margin cross and come closer to your normal EBITDA margins? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No. So for sure, it has the potential to be in line with our air cooler business, and with operating 
leverage. By the way, as far as our subsidiaries are concerned, particularly IMPCO and even US 
business as well as China, at EBITDA level, if we normalize, they are almost in line with 
Symphony India business. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. And what is the EBITDA for the air cooler business in India out of the ₹542 crores, 
roughly? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
We don’t have separate data right now. But we have mentioned the gross margin percentage. So 
gross margin on a quarterly consolidated basis was about 46 % in line with year before despite 
there has been major turmoil and summer-related disturbances. So neither there has been a 
pricing pressure, and despite cost pressure, we have due to a variety of strategies and initiatives, 
maintained that. This is at consol level. 
As far as on a quarterly standalone level is concerned, gross margin percentage has taken a heat 
of about 3 %, but still it's hovering at about 45 % plus. As far as EBITDA margin % is concerned, 
certainly, it's linked with operating leverage, and that has taken a hit. On a consol level, it is 
15.5% and on a standalone level, it is 17 %, which year before it's about 27 %. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Just wanted to check out on now the competition in Indian markets, how much of gap is there 
between our pricing and lower-end AC pricing in the market, branded AC? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
That is noncomparable product, noncomparable segment. Actually, the cooling capacity of a 
particular category of AC and air cooler should be compared. But still depending upon the brand, 
the capital cost difference Air cooler will be costing one third. And when it comes to the 
electricity consumption, clearly, the saving is more than 90%. So in a way, payback period is 1 
to 2 years from electricity saving. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. So basically, you're saying if 100 is the AC price of the lower-end branded ACs, your 
price would be around 75? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Ours will be about 30 to 40. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shraddha Kapadia from SMIFS 
Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Symphony Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So I just wanted to know the round-the-year portfolio 
sales of Q4. You have mentioned for the full year, if you could just help with the Q4 percentage 
also? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
So we don't have the separate figure for that. But as I said earlier, round-the-year product 
portfolio, EBITDA on a stand-alone level as well as console level is high single-digit percentage. 
This is despite we are intentionally building with a lot of onetime costs, but they are totally 
booked to P&L, including trade channel-related costs, advertisement sales promotion costs and 
a variety of other launching costs. But still, it is in high single-digit percentage and has a great 
potential to be in line with our air cooler category. 
And in some of the categories, in fact, it has already reached, say, for example, large space 
ventilated cooling, EBITDA margin percentage now stands even higher than residential air 
cooler category. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Sure. Thank you so much. Also, the other expenses are significantly higher versus the historical 
levels. So any factors which has led to this high increase? And is it like because of the 
deleverage? Or how should we look at it going forward? Plus the PVC price increase, which has 
been witnessed recently, if you could throw some light on that also? 
Nrupesh Shah: 
No, there has been huge cost increase undoubtedly. But at least in current quarter, i.e. June 
quarter, we have the benefit of old inventory, which was at a lower cost. And overall, it seems 
that there won't be material impact at least in June quarter at a gross margin percentage. It may 
be a few points here and there. But as fully new production takes place and starting 1st July, we 
will be in a position to pass entire price increase in one way or other way. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Cost increase will be passed on. 
Nrupesh Shah: 
Yes. 
Shraddha Kapadia: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand 
the conference to the management for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Achal Bakeri: 
Okay. Thank you very much for your participation early this morning, and we look forward to 
hosting you next quarter. Thank you, and have a great summer.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we conclude the 
conference call for Symphony Limited. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
*** 
