 
 
ETERNAL LIMITED (Formerly known as Zomato Limited) 
Registered Address: Ground Floor 12A, 94 Meghdoot, Nehru Place, New Delhi - 110019, India 
CIN: L93030DL2010PLC198141, Telephone Number: 011 - 40592373 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
 
Scrip Code: 543320, Scrip Symbol: ETERNAL 
ISIN: INE758T01015 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on April 28, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the earnings 
conference call conducted on April 28, 2026.  
 
The same is also hosted on the website of the Company at https://b.zmtcdn.com/investor-
relations/Q4FY26-earnings-call-transcript.pdf 
 
 
For Eternal Limited 
(Formerly known as Zomato Limited) 
 
 
 
Sandhya Sethia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Date: May 6, 2026 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
SANDHYA 
SETHIA
Digitally signed by 
SANDHYA SETHIA 
Date: 2026.05.06 
13:50:58 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Eternal Limited 
(formerly known as Zomato Limited) 
Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management representatives: 
 
1. Albinder Singh Dhindsa – Chief Executive Officer, Eternal Limited 
2. Akshant Goyal – Chief Financial Officer, Eternal Limited 
3. Kunal Swarup – Head, Corporate Development, Eternal Limited 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, a very good evening, and welcome to Eternal Limited's Q4FY26 
earnings conference call. From Eternal's management team, we have with us today 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa, Akshant Goyal and Kunal Swarup. 
Before we begin, a few quick announcements for the attendees. Anything said on this 
call, which reflects outlook for the future, or which could be construed as a forward-
looking statement, may involve risks and uncertainties. Such statements or comments 
are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may differ from those 
statements. 
Additionally, please note that this earnings call is scheduled for a duration of 45 minutes, 
and we will be starting directly with the Q&A section of the call. If you wish to ask a 
question, please use the raise hand feature available on your Zoom dashboard. We will 
announce your name on the call and unmute your line, post which you can proceed with 
your question. We will wait for a minute while the question queue assembles.  
 
The first question is from the line of Gaurav Malhotra from Axis. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Malhotra: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I had three questions. First question is on the overall 
EBITDA guidance or indication of $1 billion by FY29. Now we do know that food delivery is 
sort of at a steady clip and it's also growing at 19-20%. We do know about District 
EBITDA guidance of FY30. If I just sort of strip it back, and we know the NOV growth 
CAGR of 60% for quick commerce, then the implied margin for quick commerce comes 
to around, say, roughly 3-3.5%, give or take. Is that the number which we are expecting 
from a margin perspective in the next three to four years? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Hi, Gaurav. Broadly the math is fine. We're not giving any specific guidance, and 
therefore the numbers could move a little bit depending on how things pan out. But, the 
way you did the math is broadly in line with how we're thinking about it. 
Gaurav Malhotra: 
Okay, thank you. Just two more quick questions. We see that your fixed cost in quick 
commerce has been sort of flattish this quarter and yet the MTU numbers have been 
quite strong. Just wanted to get a sense as to how to reconcile these two numbers.  
 
The second question is on the dark stores. I remember you had mentioned that maybe 
you'll pick up the additions in this quarter, but sort of flattish again. Just wanted to get a 
sense on the dark store guidance of 3,000 by March. These are the only two questions. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Gaurav, MTU additions remain strong because we continue to spend on marketing for 
new customer acquisition. So those spends haven't come down in the last quarter and 
hence the overall fixed cost remains in line with the previous quarter and the MTU 
addition also remains strong. We feel a lot of our competitors in the market have pulled 
back on this so we're seeing extremely low cost of customer acquisition and we, 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
therefore, continue to see value in keeping marketing spends high at this point.  
 
On store addition, we're on track on our guidance for March of 3,000 stores. We remain 
firmly on track. We're not going to give any guidance beyond that. At least at this point, 
we don't think it makes sense. We've given overall guidance of 60% CAGR and that would 
obviously mean some reasonable store expansion, but we're not planning to give out any 
specific number guidance on that. 
Gaurav Malhotra: 
Just a follow-up. Essentially, if 3,000 stores happen, that means the general growth for 
FY27 will not be 100% as you had indicated earlier. It will be, say, in the 70-80%, right? Is 
the understanding correct? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes, it will not be 100%, but we are not guiding to a specific number. We need that 
flexibility in the medium term and short term to respond to how the market dynamics 
are. We know that the street is looking for some guidance, so what we have done here is 
actually given a more longer term three-year guidance. In the short term, we will respond 
to the market situation and if there are options for acceleration, we'll do that. We're not 
closing the door on any options for us over the next 12 months. 
Gaurav Malhotra: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. My first question is 
actually a follow-up from Gaurav's previous question.  
 
Akshant, like Gaurav asked, the 100% guidance now does not hold true for FY27, given 
what you saw in the market in terms of competition, etc. Now, when you give your 
medium term guidance of 60% CAGR, what margin of safety or room for error are you 
building in that guidance? If competition were to remain as is or were to get slightly 
worse from here, what are the range of outcomes for the 60% CAGR?  
 
The reason I'm asking is because from a near term perspective, it could maybe help us 
understand the building blocks as to where you could see the next three-year growth end 
up to get to 60%. That may help us just build a little bit more conviction. That's my first 
question. 
Akshant Goyal:  
Hi, Manish. We've addressed that in question three of the letter. We've tried to give you 
the building blocks of what the 60% CAGR guidance is based upon. It's a function of 
assortment expansion, geographical expansion as well as more demand densification in 
the cities where we are present today and we might also get into newer cities. Any sort 
of intensifying competitive activity isn’t going to last beyond the three-year period that 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
you mentioned. We are fairly comfortable and confident that over a period of three 
years, we should be able to deliver this CAGR of growth. 
Manish Adukia:  
Sure, thank you Akshant for that. Where I was coming from was also the building blocks 
in terms of, and I know you don't want to give like a three-year store guidance, but if you 
were to think about user growth versus frequency versus average order value, if you can 
maybe give us a pecking order of what drives the most amount of growth versus 
followed by the second, followed by the third, that would also be helpful. 
Akshant Goyal: 
We can't project with that accuracy at this point, unfortunately. We are also learning as 
we're building this market. These things might change so we don't want to put out 
numbers here, which we then have to defend on the next call. 
Manish Adukia: 
Right. Let me just ask last question on that topic. From a user number perspective, given 
that there is a fair bit of competition and there are like a few well-capitalized players in 
the market and given as the market already is today, you don't see a concern in terms of 
MTU or user penetration reaching closer to saturation levels in the foreseeable future? 
Akshant Goyal: 
No, we don’t.  
Manish Adukia: 
Very clear. Thank you. Second question is on the June quarter where you're seeing a 
meaningful expectation of acceleration in quarter-on-quarter growth. Outside of the 
reversal of average order value and the fewer days that you had in the March quarter, are 
there any other drivers that we need to be aware of, whether it's greater store add or 
anything else or it's just these two factors of AOV and fewer days?  
Akshant Goyal: 
The only other factor will be seasonality. It's a different season so we see different 
consumption patterns and summer driving growth in certain categories. Overall, that will 
also lead to a slightly higher growth, other than the two drivers you mentioned. 
Manish Adukia: 
Very clear. Thank you. Those are the questions that I had for now. I'll jump back in the 
queue. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi, good evening. Two questions, firstly, when we look at the contribution per order in 
the quarter, we've seen a slight dip. Is this largely a function of AOV which obviously falls 
seasonally or anything more to read in the sort of drop in contribution per order?  
 
And then the second question is on the food delivery side. We've seen Swiggy sort of 
rollout Toing quite aggressively, which is obviously a different model with a different 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
price structure. Any plans for Eternal to do the same or do you think of Bistro as being 
that option for affordability on the food delivery side? And for Bistro, any sort of updates 
on how that business is doing? 
Akshant Goyal: 
On contribution, Aditya, multiple things change sequentially quarter-on-quarter. You 
mentioned AOV, that is one but we're not saying that it was a key driver. There are other 
things also which keep changing.  
 
Last mile delivery is also seasonal in some ways. The supply of delivery partner changes 
during different months in the year and some of the other things like supply chain costs, 
etc., there could be efficiencies that we are banking in. Net-net, the movement what you 
see in contribution overall doesn't change the trajectory of our business. More longer 
term, I don't think there's anything to call out here. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understood. So, in other words, as AOV goes up and then some of the seasonality 
changes, your contribution direction should be upwards at least for now, right? 
Akshant Goyal: 
As we move to 5-6% margin that we are saying we will get to at some point, contribution 
margin will go up and on a year-on-year basis, we'll see that trend consistently. 
Aditya Soman: 
If you were to help with that, you said that in NCR, you're doing 5-6% margin which would 
imply that contribution there is 8-9%. Would that be the right assumption or even 
higher? 
Akshant Goyal: 
We are not sharing that data point. I don't think it matters also, but broadly, it'll be 
somewhere in that range. 
Aditya Soman: 
I understand. And then maybe on Bistro and Toing? 
Akshant Goyal: 
At this point, we don't have any plans to do what Swiggy is doing with Toing. We're not 
clear on what problem it solves for consumers or for restaurants. Till the time we don't 
get the clarity, we'll just stay put on our focus areas, which is Zomato.  
 
Bistro is still a small experiment for us. We're seeing early signs of a business model 
evolving there. But still very small and early so I wouldn't want to showcase Bistro as a 
big bet at this point. But yes, we're watching the space and we are seeing what 
competition is doing. If at any point we see a thesis there that makes sense, that unlocks 
a new market, we will follow suit. 
Aditya Soman: 
Very clear. Thanks, Akshant. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankur Rudra: 
Hey, thank you, and thank you for the targets on growth and profitability this time. 
Firstly, in terms of the 60% growth guidance, and thank you for the color in terms of the 
building blocks, but in the more near term, are you seeing any early signs of competitive 
activity easing, which gives you any kind of visibility of this starting to play out from the 
next couple of quarters?  
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Hey, Ankur. Albinder here. Competitive activity hasn't meaningfully changed from the 
last time we were on this call. Our stance about it is also the same that we will keep an 
eye out for it but do the right things for the business.  
 
To that extent, we've mostly delivered on what we thought we would be able to 
accomplish in face of whatever competition is going on. Whatever guidance we're giving, 
we're not changing our outlook on that either.  
Ankur Rudra: 
Super helpful. You've given a three-year guidance this time. If I look at the last two to 
three years, there's been a significant amount of linearity between store additions and 
growth. Is there anything to suggest that will change over the next three years? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
It's not a straightforward comparison. In some parts of the network, we're still in a store 
build-out phase. In some other parts, we just have to create supply in different ways to 
serve customers when we are expanding assortment.  
 
Our job is to make sure that the supply is there, whether it's in smaller stores or bigger 
stores. That number becomes very complicated if you start doing math that way, so it's 
hard to quantify it in that simplistic way.  
Ankur Rudra: 
Appreciate the color. Finally, in terms of profitability for Blinkit, approximately 3% is 
what you've said, it seems broadly fine. What are the biggest unlocks for you either in 
terms of cost or monetization to get there on a three-year basis? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
So far, we are not really assuming any further unlocks, which would really do it. If we just 
keep doing our job and execute the way we are doing, we should be able to get there.  
Ankur Rudra: 
Okay, appreciate it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hi. Congrats on a great set of numbers. First, on the growth in quick commerce, you 
seem to be still growing ahead of the market. Do you think that when you say about 60% 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
NOV growth going ahead, are you actually happy to grow in line with the market in the 
future? And why is that?  
 
I have another question which is slightly backward looking. Now that you have achieved 
profitability rather steadily, what do you think is the most non-negotiable KPI that you 
have to crack in order to get to profitability in QC? Is it orders per day per store or is it 
your NAOV number? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Abhishek, to answer your first question, we are in a fairly competitive market with a lot 
of different players. In that market, it is hard to figure out what the actual market growth 
rate is apart from the two public players who have to share their numbers. It's very hard 
to be able to say that this is where the market is growing at, is it a healthy growth rate, or 
is it an unhealthy growth rate. We are more concerned about whether our quality of 
growth is maintained as we grow and that's actually the only thing that we worry about.  
Going forward also, quality growth, which meaningfully also takes the business towards 
profitability and sustainability, that is the only non-negotiable here. There are multiple 
ways to get there, but that's the only non-negotiable. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to your warehousing 
capacity. You talked about 17 million of warehousing capacity spread across dark stores 
and supply chain, other hubs, etc. Can you give a sense as to what the number was a 
quarter back or a year back?  
 
The reason I'm asking is like it will help us understand like what kind of an up-play you 
can get from by just utilizing the capacity or even if these additions are closed down 
going ahead. Thanks. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Swapnil, we don't disclose that.  
Akshant Goyal: 
If you won't find it in our letter, it's not a miss. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. The other number I was tracking was your orders per day per store. That number 
has been broadly flat for a long period of time. Any sense as to when can we see some 
uplift in that number because presumably that is where you will get a decent bit of 
operating leverage?  

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Akshant Goyal: 
As Albinder mentioned, the contours of the business might keep on changing. We are 
not hung upon certain metrics going in a certain way for the business to work. There 
could be arguments that can be made for that number to not go up and still the business 
might deliver 5-6% margin. That's also possible.  
 
We are not, therefore, constraining ourselves in a certain way of thinking about the 
business. I'm not saying that this metric will not go up, but I'm saying that the reason 
we're not providing a guidance for this metric and instead we're giving guidance for the 
overall growth of the business is because these variables and the building blocks of how 
we look at the business might evolve as we go along. It's a good number to track. That's 
why we disclose it. But we are not sure how this will trend and therefore we don't want to 
give guidance on it.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. Another metric that I tracked is customer retention. The number of orders that 
every customer gives you seems to have come down for the last couple of quarters. It 
used to be around 3.6, now it is around 3.35.  
 
Is that to do with some retention getting impacted because of high competitive intensity 
or is it a function of significant addition in new customers and their ordering frequency 
being lower?  
Akshant Goyal: 
Yes, largely the latter, Swapnil. We haven't seen too much impact on customer retention 
despite us being sort of more expensive for customers in certain geographies. Most of 
this is on account of the acceleration in new customer addition that we have seen in the 
last couple of quarters. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it, and just on your food delivery commentary. Now, you did say that you have been 
offering a lower MOV of around INR 99 to make food more affordable but at the same 
time, you have been consistently increasing your platform fees, those kinds of things.  
 
How does that tie up? If you were to make it affordable, you should not be increasing 
platform fees. 
Akshant Goyal: 
What we mean is that the platform fees is applicable to all customers, but the offers or 
discounts can be targeted to a certain cohort of customers who are more price sensitive 
in certain locations and geographies where these subsidies actually deliver growth. That 
doesn't work for all customers or all geographies.  
 
What we're trying to do essentially is increase the overall revenue per order by increasing 
the platform fee and then channel that revenue to select cohort of customers in select 
geographies where we're seeing growth. 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. And just last one quickly on District. There have been constant media reports that 
there are some events getting canceled because of inability of certain artists coming to 
India because of the war. Any sense as to will the business still continue to deliver strong 
numbers despite all these macro challenges from that business? 
Akshant Goyal: 
I don't think this will impact the overall broad growth path of the business. Events is just 
a part of the business, and we have multiple categories now. A few concerts getting 
delayed or postponed or even canceled will not impact the outlook on the business. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Perfect. Thanks a lot for taking my question and all the best guys. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashwin Mehta from Ambit. Please go ahead. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Hi. Can you hear me all right?  
Akshant Goyal: 
Yeah, Ashwin. Go ahead.  
Ashwin Mehta: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. One question. If I look at your consolidated financials, 
your advertising promotion cost in absolute terms was flat sequentially. Any sense that 
you can give in terms of what proportion of this goes to Blinkit?  
 
And the follow-up to that is philosophically, how are you thinking in terms of reacting to 
competition because news flow seems to suggest that one of your competition seems 
to be growing much faster sequentially at least. Are you okay to let go of some market 
share in near term and still focus on profitability or you will possibly react to some of 
them given the guidance of 60%+ growth?  
Kunal Swarup: 
Hi, Ashwin. This is Kunal here. For your first question, consolidated ad promotions 
include multiple things across our multiple businesses. There is promotional spend in 
food delivery where, like Akshant said, we channelized some of our incremental revenue 
per order to a certain cohort of value-conscious customers that would sit there. There is 
obviously customer acquisition spends for our quick commerce business, and marketing 
spends for food delivery.  
 
Each business also has its own nuances and dynamics. I don't think we can strip that 
apart and get into each of those. Broadly, the commentary that we've given for each 
business kind of reflects our strategy for each business there. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
I'll answer the question on growth, Ashwin. To the best of our knowledge, we are growing 
as fast as we can in the market, adhering to the principle that the growth actually has to 
be meaningful and it has to be healthy for the business both in the short term and in the 
long term.  
 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Of course, you can always make the argument that we can grow a lot faster by opting for 
unhealthy growth right now. We just don't think that that is the right thing to do and that 
the (unhealthy) growth will eventually turn into healthy growth just by magic. As far as we 
know, this is the fastest that we've been able to grow this quarter in a way which still 
adheres to our core principles. 
Ashwin Mehta: 
Sure. Thanks, Albinder, and all the best.  
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Thanks.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jignanshu Gor from Bernstein. Please go 
ahead.  
Jignanshu Gor: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. One is, as a large part of our 
growth narrative from here on depends in some sense on either growing the non-grocery 
assortment and going outside of the metro cities.  
 
Two questions related to these. One, is it possible to give some quantitative 
understanding of how some of the non-metro cities are doing in terms of size of 
business per store? I understand the profitability margin metric, which was in the letter, 
but in terms of size, either revenue or order per day, what kind of ratio can we expect in 
metro versus tier 1 or a tier 2 town? That's question one.  
 
Let me ask the second one if there is any interdependence. The second is we see that 
inventory days seem to have gone up over the last few quarters after the transition as 
well, to 1P. What would be the driver for this and where would we feel comfortable, not 
from a working capital deployment, but just from a risk perspective, what would be 
comforting for us? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Jignanshu, we don't disclose the breakup intentionally of our business in larger cities 
versus emerging cities.  
 
On the second part, before we give more color, I don't think inventory days is related to, 
in any way, the split that we have between tier 1 and tier 2 and tier 3 cities.  
Kunal Swarup: 
Jignanshu, just on that inventory bit, when you said last few quarters, we're aware that in 
the last few quarters, from Q2 to Q3 especially, we saw the shift to 1P and the share of 1P 
also increased during that time. But Q3 to Q4, there hasn't been any meaningful increase 
apart from the increase expected because of the growth in the scale of the business. 
Akshant Goyal: 
That doesn't change the inventory days anyway. Inventory days are fairly steady and 
we're not seeing that increase unlike what you suggested.  

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay, cool. Just then maybe a follow-up. If you look at the standalone business, my 
understanding is that specifically looking at ad spends, it includes basically food delivery 
plus District ad spends. Is that the right assumption? 
Kunal Swarup: 
It's not entire District, but only a part of the going-out business. Largely the dining-out 
business. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Okay, so even for dining out, it's a small part. 
Akshant Goyal: 
That's right, our businesses are split across multiple entities, so generally speaking, it's 
hard to reconcile our MIS with the way we report it in our audited financials, unless you 
have more data. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Got it. I was trying to reconcile your statement that you are seeing a low CAC on the 
quick commerce business and hence trying to reconcile that with the MTU addition.  
Akshant Goyal:  
Yes, that's correct. For the same marketing dollars, we are seeing more new customer 
addition. That's what I meant when I said the CAC for us is reducing. 
Jignanshu Gor: 
Fair. Great, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead.  
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, congratulations on good performance and profitability in quick commerce. I have two 
questions. My first question is about your comments around competition, which 
probably hasn't changed much in the last couple of months and still you expect 60%+ 
CAGR in the quick commerce business.  
 
Is it that you're not changing your stance and you still expect this healthy growth to 
continue at 60%? At what point in time, you need to kind of re-look at the stance on your 
certain thresholds of MOV or other things? What is the North Star metric that you focus 
on, whether it is MTC addition, order growth, NOV growth, etc., or market share to be 
able to understand that at what point in time you need to change your stance to react to 
the competition? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa:  
We keep reacting according to what we feel is right and it all depends on micro markets. 
Our stance is more around the principles that we have for building a healthy business. 
There are places where our MOV is also lower. There are places where we also offer free 
delivery. These are not unidimensional calls for us, and we keep taking them.  
Akshant Goyal: 
Largely, Gaurav, we look at customer retention and the customer frequency in our own 
business. As long as we don't see that being impacted in a meaningful way with what 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
everyone else is doing, then the choice to stick to the principles that Albinder mentioned 
is still there. Over the last few months, we haven’t seen our customers turn away from 
our platform too much and hence, at this point, we don't see the need to react more than 
what we've already done. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. My second question is on your top eight cities. You did give a very good data point 
on geographic coverage of 80-90% coverage in the pin codes. Does it mean that now 
from here on, incrementally, growth will be less led by the customer addition in these top 
eight cities and more by the wallet share and the average spend per customers and 
hence the growth rates? When we look at the MTC addition, is it going to be largely 
driven by the non-top 8 cities? Thank you.  
Akshant Goyal:  
Yeah, partly true, but even in these cities where we have high pin code coverage, it 
doesn't mean that we have like maxed out on potential customers in that neighborhood.  
 
While assortment expansion will drive higher wallet share for existing customers, equally 
or maybe even larger portion of growth will continue to be from customer addition, given 
the low penetration that we have within the pin codes that we cover. 
Gaurav Rateria:  
Thank you. All the best. 
Akshant Goyal:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Garima Mishra from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Garima Mishra:  
Thanks for the opportunity. First question on Blinkit. How should we think about the 
discounting which is prevalent in the quick commerce market today and how confident 
you are in maintaining your pricing discipline as well as a 60% growth CAGR in the 
business? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Garima, we are very confident of maintaining our pricing discipline. We're not sure what 
competition will do. It is very hard to estimate what is happening in the market. How 
much of the market is froth, how much of it is artificially inflated by discounts, it's very 
hard to actually tell, very hard to comment on that. 
Garima Mishra: 
But you remain confident that you are already retaining that customer who you think is 
the more profitable customer and sort of sits well within what Blinkit stands for. Is that 
the right understanding? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Yes.  

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. Second question was on District. You are already present in different verticals 
pertaining to the broad going-out category. What new categories are you looking to add 
within District and particularly within travel? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Garima, we have no plans to add any more category to District than what we already 
have, and travel is not a focus area for us at this point. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. Last question maybe. Hyperpure reported a small margin in the quarter. You have, 
however, not included this segment when you talk about your future profitability. How 
should we read this and should we assume that this business remains insignificant from 
an overall profitability perspective?  
Akshant Goyal: 
Not really. I don't know why you are saying that we haven't included this business when 
we're talking of the overall billion-dollar profit. The statement that we have made 
includes all the businesses that we are in today, including Hyperpure. It might be the 
smallest, but it will still be meaningful and relevant.  
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thank you. A couple of questions. Firstly, if we look at our order growth in food 
delivery as well as in QC, in food, order growth was 15% YoY but the active delivery 
partners on a monthly basis went up by 30%. In QC, the order growth was slightly above 
90%, but the rider growth was 120%. While in QC, I can still understand that you're 
expanding rapidly and probably adding a lot more there, but in food, what explains this 
gap given that effectively if I calculate number of orders per rider per month, it has come 
down by 10% to 15% in both the businesses over the last one year? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Rishi, the nuance over here is the changing nature of how much people work every day 
on these platforms. We are seeing more and more part-timers also delivering and that 
actually increases the active partners but reduces the number of orders they do per shift 
per day. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. The second question is on food delivery. We are close to that 20% mark 
from a growth perspective. We are at 5.5% from a margin perspective. We had taken a 
mid-quarter hike in platform fee, probably next quarter, it flows down completely to the 
bottom line.  
 
How do we think about incremental operating leverage that you would get in the 
business as well as some of these increase in monetization to flow through the food 
delivery P&L? Do you intend to utilize that incrementally in some sort to increase 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
growth? If yes, how? Otherwise, do you believe there could potentially be upside risk to 
that NOV margin guidance that you have provided in the past? 
Akshant Goyal: 
This has always been the case that we are more leaning towards growth. If we can find 
ways of effectively reinvesting any incremental margin that we get in our business, or 
any business, we would do that because the objective is to optimize for growth of 
absolute profit and not the profit margin percentage. That's always been the principle, 
and it will remain that way. What we are seeing now in the last two to three quarters, 
especially in the food delivery business, is a good ROI on these investments for growth. 
That's a function of us innovating on how we look at these investments, and how we 
implement. So it comes down to execution, and it's also a function of market readiness, 
consumer readiness and so on. At this point, therefore, we are seeing that if we reinvest 
in growth, we are getting outcomes and that growth quality is good. We'll continue doing 
that without worrying about what it does to the margin.  
 
Net-net, this should ensure that our absolute profit continues to grow at the fastest 
pace possible, in the food delivery business. But in future, again applying the same 
principle, if that stops happening, we could see some of this incremental revenue 
flowing down to profitability and that's also fine. That's the sort of framework that we 
follow and outcome could be either percentage margin increasing or growth going up. 
Both will optimize for the absolute dollar EBITDA.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. Thank you so much and all the best.  
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will now take the last one to 
two questions.  
 
The next question is from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vijit Jain: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is, within that guidance of 60%+ 
CAGR on quick commerce, the top 20 cities that you call out, would they still be about 
40% within that? Any kind of broad assessment of what that embeds for top 20 cities 
that you could give would be helpful. That's my first question.  
 
My second question is within QC in terms of the ad monetization. Is it mostly driven by 
the SKUs that you stock and that you're able to surface to the customers, or the ad loads 
at checkout and top of the funnel ads are also meaningful? That's the second thing I 
wanted to ask.  
 
Third, if you could give more color on how you think about the whole supply chain 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
automation. You talked about it in 3Q and I just wanted to get a sense if we are looking in 
the next two to three years at more of these automation capex for your business? Any 
sort of guidance you can give on how you're thinking about capex beyond the store 
additions that you would do. Those are my three questions. Thank you. 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Vijit, the first one, we don't give that breakup, and we won't be able to give you that color. 
I didn't really understand this question. 
Vijit Jain: 
Just wanted to understand the ads business, the ad monetization that you achieve. My 
guess would be the biggest chunk of that is the brands themselves advertising on you for 
stock that you actually hold on the platform but there will also be ads, that you show on 
checkout or ads which are more like the brand page that you have. I wanted to get a 
sense of what the composition of your ad revenue looks like between these two / three 
different kinds of categories? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
Non-paid ads, basically ads by brands or platforms which don't sell on the Blinkit 
platform, that's insignificant for us.  
Vijit Jain:  
Got it. Perfect. The last question was on capex and how much of the capex that you plan 
to do in the next three years is related to automation that you might do? 
 
I'm just trying to get a sense of all the automation that you guys have shown in some 
videos as well, how much of that is scalable and is that something that you're planning to 
do across all of your warehouses and so on and so forth? 
Akshant Goyal: 
Vijit, we keep testing for that. We don't want to pursue automation for the sake of it. The 
framework is that the capex should have ROCE that we can track and that is visible. 
That's the fundamental principle.  
 
But directionally, yes, we are seeing automation increasing in all our warehouses. We will 
see that happening over the next few years as well. But how much of it is automated is a 
function of the framework on ROCE. It's all a function of the cost and the efficiency uplift 
we get because of automation. 
Vijit Jain: 
Thank you. Those are my questions. Thank you so much.  
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Last question is from the line of Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachin Salgaonkar:  
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on great set of numbers. First question is on 
competition. Just wanted to understand, is competition also intense in tier 2 and tier 3 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
cities? Or is it that there are few operators and hence competition is reasonably lower 
out there? 
Albinder Singh Dhindsa: 
The competitive intensity is fairly high pretty much wherever everybody is. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Different set of players in different markets. Someone is aggressive somewhere at this 
point. For us, it's competitive everywhere. 
Sachin Salgaonkar:  
Got it. In terms of dark store additions, when we think about it, is the mix still 80% urban 
and 20% tier 2, tier 3 or has that changed over a period of time? 
Akshant Goyal: 
That's changing, Sachin. We're not giving specific guidance but increasingly, as we also 
mentioned in the letter, a large part of our growth will come from geographic 
diversification so we will see that mix change over time. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Okay. Another part you mentioned in your letter is obviously assortment expansion. Does 
that mean we are looking to upgrade some of the dark stores to bigger size dark stores 
now or add more dark stores in the vicinity?  
Albinder Singh Dhindsa:  
That means we are going to expand our assortment by whichever way we can. 
Akshant Goyal:  
For us, it's like square foot space. Size of the store is a function of lot of factors including 
availability, specific neighborhood and urban infrastructure in that neighborhood. It's a 
very hyperlocal call. There is no single answer for this that applies to every city and every 
locality.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it, pretty clear.  
 
Next question is on AI on ads. We're seeing multiple platforms globally actually now 
seeing that the ceiling on ad revenue as a percentage of GMV has now started to move 
up because AI does allow them to do a lot more things and push ad per se from that point 
of view. You guys clearly are doing a lot on AI. Does that mean that at some point in 
future, also what we are expecting as a gap on ad as a percentage of GMV that might 
move up and hence this room for your steady state margins also to move up in both food 
delivery as well as quick commerce? 
Akshant Goyal:  
Generally, we don't operate with a cap in a mind. We don't know what the cap is honestly. 
We'll respond to the realities of the situation around us in the business and if that means 
that we have an opportunity to have higher ad income in our business, so be it.  
 
Same framework. If we have that, we have more margins, can we invest in growth? Can 
that growth drive more profit? That's the mental model, which is fairly fundamental and 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
simple. We don't operate with a set of metrics with some ceilings or target or goals in 
mind. I don't have any other color to share on this.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it, and Akshant, when we talk about quick commerce margins at steady state being 
at 5-6%, is there an implied assumption in terms of how much ads is in there in terms of 
that 5-6%? 
Akshant Goyal:  
No, as I said, we don't know, we're discovering that. Quick commerce is a much younger 
business than food delivery. It's already doing more in terms of ad as a percentage of 
NOV. We don't necessarily have a number in mind on where it lands and finally goes to. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. Last question is, if there is any sensitivity on higher fuel prices to demand on 
food? Historically, have we seen anything when fuel prices have increased, has there 
been an impact in demand? 
Akshant Goyal: 
It depends on the quantum. Generally, increase in fuel prices will lead to higher cost of 
delivery, the last mile cost goes up. Now what percentage of that we decide to pass on to 
consumers is something that we'll decide when the time comes. It all depends on that 
quantum. In the past, going by the last 12 to 18 months, experiences and examples like 
the GST hike happened, where we were fairly easily able to pass it on to consumers 
without too much impact on demand.  
 
Unless it's a drastic increase, I don't expect fuel price increase to have a meaningful 
impact on margins in our business.  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. All the best. Thanks. 
Akshant Goyal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now conclude this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
