 
 
 
7th May, 2026 
 
Stock Code: BSE: 500696 
 
       NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 
      ISIN: INE030A01027 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2026 
 
 
This is further to our letter dated 30th April, 2026, whereby the Company had submitted the link to 
the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results for the 
quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with sub-para 15, Para A, Part A of Schedule III of the                        
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed 
the Transcript of the said Earnings Call, for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of the Earnings Call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/files/mq-26-earnings-call-transcript.pdf.  
 
Please take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
 
Radhika Shah 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A19308 
 
 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Radhika Kartik 
Shah
Digitally signed by Radhika 
Kartik Shah 
Date: 2026.05.07 19:20:32 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 35 
 
 
 
“March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 
Earnings call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited” 
April 30th, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Ms. Priya Nair - Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director 
Mr. Niranjan Gupta - CFO, Executive Director, Finance 
Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar - Head of Investor Relations & Head of Finance, 
Personal Care 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 2 of 35 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hindustan Unilever Limited 
Conference Call for the results of quarter and financial year ended 31st March 
2026. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing the star key followed by zero on your touchscreen phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar, Head of Investor 
Relations and Head of Finance, Personal Care. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the conference call 
of Hindustan Unilever Limited. This evening we will be covering the results for the 
Quarter and Financial Year ended 31st March 2026. On the call with me is Priya 
Nair, CEO and Managing Director, and Niranjan Gupta, our CFO.  
We will start with prepared remarks from Priya and Niranjan. We expect this to 
take around 20 minutes, leaving us approximately an hour for the Q&A. We will 
look to end the call by 5:15. Before we get started with the presentation, I would 
like to draw your attention to the safe harbor statement included in the 
presentation for good order's sake.  
With that, over to you, Priya. 
Priya Nair: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. Let me 
briefly set the context in which we operated in this quarter.  
During the period, demand conditions remained stable across the market. This 
stability was aided by a supportive macroeconomic environment shaped by a 
series of fiscal and monetary measures implemented through the course of the 
year. These actions, combined with lower headline inflation for a large part of the 
period, provided some relief to household budgets, creating a more enabling 
backdrop for consumption.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 3 of 35 
 
In March, the escalation of the Middle East crisis led to a sharp spike in crude and 
crude-linked commodity costs, along with supply-side disruptions and 
continued rupee depreciation. We are navigating this geopolitical volatility with 
operational agility to protect our consumer franchise. Niranjan will elaborate on 
this later in the presentation. 
Against this operating backdrop, we delivered an 8% Consolidated Revenue 
Growth. This was supported by 7% Underlying Sales Growth, primarily driven by 
volumes. Importantly, this represents our highest quarterly growth in 12 quarters, 
reflecting both the ongoing transformation of our portfolio and the step-up of 
on-ground execution.  
Performance was broad-based with all segments delivering healthy growth. 
From a profitability perspective, EBITDA grew 6% year-on-year with EBITDA 
margin at 23.7%, coming in at the higher end of our guidance. Profit After Tax 
before exceptional items at Rs. 2,711 crores grew 4% year-on-year. 
Moving to our financial year performance, with a turnover of Rs. 63,763 crores, 
we delivered 5% USG driven by 4% UVG. Importantly, this headline performance 
reflects a clear and consistent step-up in growth through the year, with the 
second half of the year being better than the first half. We exited March quarter 
‘26 with 7% USG, accelerating from the 2% USG in FY’25.  
The improved momentum is on account of a series of decisive actions that were 
taken over the last few quarters on portfolio, execution, and investment. First, we 
crafted sharper priorities with a clear focus on volume-led growth. Across 
categories, we have invested to make our brands more desirable and 
strengthened execution at the point of sale, ensuring growth is broad-based and 
sustainable.  
Recognizing the rapid evolution of shopping behaviour, we have intensified our 
omni-channel execution. The creation of a dedicated Quick Commerce 
organization enables us to step up our effectiveness while maintaining a strong 
focus on General Trade and Modern trade. Resource allocation has become 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 4 of 35 
 
more deliberate with a focus on making fewer, bigger bets in areas with the 
highest growth potential. For instance, we have recently committed Rs. 2,000 
crores of capex investments in premium formats of Beauty and Home Care. 
We have actively rotated our portfolio to sharpen the quality and growth profile 
of the business. Strategic actions such as the demerger of Ice Cream, along with 
the investments at OZiva and Minimalist, are already enhancing the growth mix 
of the portfolio.  
The company has also been reorganized to drive speed and sharper execution. 
The move to a Unified India organization, including the introduction of a Chief 
Marketing Officer role and the creation of a dedicated India R&D structure, has 
simplified decision-making and enabled faster response to market and channel 
dynamics.  
Taken together, these actions have further strengthened the fundamentals of the 
business and are translating into a consistent step-up in the growth momentum 
that you see today. 
Our growth agenda is anchored on our four key priorities. Let me share the 
progress we have made against each of these. The first pillar is radical consumer 
segmentation. This is deeply embedded in every decision that we take, whether 
it is product, proposition, pricing, or the channel we use to reach and persuade 
our consumers. It is the foundation of our approach towards brand building and 
sales.  
We have been consistent in our objective of creating desire at scale through the 
SASSY framework. This is not about isolated initiatives on selective brands; it is 
about fundamentally stepping up how our brands show up across the pillars of 
Science, Aesthetics, Sensorials, Said by others, and Youthful.  
Vim Liquid exemplifies how deep science and innovation power our brands. 
RhamnoTech, our proprietary bio-surfactant technology, delivers breakthrough 
grease cutting while remaining gentle on hands and advance sustainability, thus 
creating a science-backed competitive advantage. Driven by multiple such 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 5 of 35 
 
initiatives aimed at elevating desirability, Vim Liquids has achieved robust 
double-digit growth this year.  
On Aesthetics, Dove illustrates how we are upgrading on-shelf appeal. For 
instance, we elevated the packaging of Dove versus the core range using 
premium design cues, refined finishes that enhance perceived value and signal 
care, expertise, and quality. Combined with a similar pivot across other SASSY 
elements, the brand delivered competitive double-digit growth for the year. 
On Sensorials, Vaseline demonstrates how enhancing in-use experience can 
meaningfully improve desirability with an iconic large brand. Vaseline has 
upgraded its sensorials with a weightless technology. It has a richer texture that 
absorbs fast, feels light, and disappears on the skin, yet works deeply beneath. 
Supported by innovations and portfolio expansion that meets evolving 
consumer preferences, Vaseline has surpassed the Rs. 1,000 crore milestone this 
year and delivered healthy double-digit growth.  
The strong performance of these brands reinforces our belief that desire, when 
built at scale backed by execution, is the powerful driver of both growth and 
portfolio quality. 
The two other elements of the SASSY brand framework are Said by others and 
Youthful, both critical to build contemporary relevant brands at scale. We have 
sharpened the effectiveness and efficiency of our reach and persuasion models. 
We are deploying a more integrated media mix using television and outdoor 
effectively in rural and mass markets, while stepping up targeted digital and 
social advertising where it delivers the highest impact.  
On social and digital platforms, we have built a strong, distinct influencer-led 
ecosystem. Today we work with a network of 30,000 creators, which has almost 
doubled year-on-year. This has resulted in a sharp increase in the volume and 
diversity of the brand assets we are creating.  
As Gen Z influence on purchasing decisions continues to rise, we are reshaping 
our brands to be more contemporary, experiential, and youthfully relevant. This 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 6 of 35 
 
is reflected in how we design. For instance, we are leveraging high-reach 
platforms such as sports, also while experimenting with AI-led campaigns like 
that of Closeup and Bru. Together, these efforts are strengthening how our 
brands are perceived and talked about. We are seeing a deeper engagement 
across platforms, reinforcing the role of modern brand building in sustaining 
growth momentum. 
Futureproofing and accelerating our frontline machine through an omni-channel 
approach is a key priority. In General Trade, we are expanding reach and 
availability and have increased our direct coverage by around 2 lakh outlets in 
the year. Beyond overall coverage, we are also investing in dedicated 
infrastructure to serve speciality retail channels at scale, enabling sharper 
execution in high-value outlets like open format stores, chemists, and cosmetic 
stores.  
In Modern Trade, our priority is to build category captaincy and drive category 
growth. We are doing so by scaling market development cells, premiumizing the 
portfolio through in-store demand generation, and deeper joint business 
planning with key customers. As a result of these focused actions, we have 
continued to gain market share in these channels. 
E-commerce continues to be a strong growth engine. The digital-first approach 
to assortment, data-led demand generation, and improved availability and 
fulfilment has resulted in this channel delivering over 25% growth during the 
financial year.  
In Quick Commerce, we have significantly scaled our capability and execution. 
The creation of a dedicated cross-functional organization along with tech 
investments have enabled us to respond faster and operate with greater 
relevance for this channel.  
Overall, we are aligning our frontline and omni-channel consumer journeys, 
ensuring our brands are present and competitive wherever consumers choose 
to shop across physical and digital touchpoints.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 7 of 35 
 
Another important shift we have made is to be far more choiceful in where we 
invest, doubling down on a few bigger bets that can meaningfully move the 
growth needle. 
In Beauty & Wellbeing, this strategy has translated into an acceleration of our 
Masstige & Wellbeing portfolio through a combination of organic and selective 
inorganic actions. We have quadrupled our business over the last year, creating 
a platform with an annual revenue run rate of Rs. 1,200 crores.  
Our Skin Care market development cell has grown double-digit by expanding 
into new benefit spaces and creating regimes with sun care, light moisturizers, 
and facial cleansing. We are expanding category participation and 
strengthening long-term growth momentum.  
In Personal Care, we continue to premiumize the portfolio in a disciplined 
manner. Premium Skin Cleansing Bars led by Pears and Dove delivered double-
digit USG and UVG for the year, supported by dedicated investments to reinforce 
proposition and product superiority. Our Bodywash portfolio has also recorded 
strong double-digit growth while simultaneously gaining share, reflecting 
successful market development along with premiumization.  
In Home Care, the liquids portfolio stands out as another big bet success story. 
The business delivered double-digit growth, crossed the Rs. 4,000 crores 
turnover mark, and is gaining share, reinforcing the benefits of sustained 
investment behind format innovation and execution. Within powders, our action 
to successfully upgrade consumers from mass to premium offerings is proving to 
be a strong tailwind. These are driving sustained market share gains, taking us to 
the highest ever share in this format of powders. 
Turning to Foods, we are seeing a clear shift in the growth trajectory, supported 
by broad-based performance across the portfolio. Lifestyle Nutrition has 
delivered four consecutive quarters of positive UVG, growing at double-digit in 
the second half. This reflects multiple actions taken during the year, from pack-
price architecture changes to expansion into newer formats like RTD, protein, 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 8 of 35 
 
and the relaunch of Horlicks. We will continue to stay the course on these actions 
and increase consumption in this category.  
Coffee is another example of delivering double-digit growth supported by 
sustained investments towards superior sensories, elevated aesthetics, and high-
impact activations.  
Collectively, these examples highlight the transformation of our portfolio as we 
pivot towards higher growth demand spaces and strengthen our competitive 
positioning, ensuring we are well-placed to capture emerging opportunities and 
drive sustainable growth. 
Looking back, full year ‘26 has been a year where we have made clear progress, 
strengthened the foundations of our business. At the same time, we are clear that 
this is just the beginning of a longer journey. There remains a significant 
headroom for us and much more to be done. Despite a dynamic external 
environment, we are entering in full year 2027 with greater clarity, stronger 
fundamentals, and a clear sense of direction. We remain committed to staying 
the course, continuing to sharpen execution and build on this momentum to 
deliver sustainable competitive growth over the long term.  
With this, let me hand over to Niranjan to take you through the quarter results in 
detail. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Thank you, Priya. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me share a detailed overview 
of our quarterly performance, followed by a full year update, and I'll conclude 
that with the outlook.  
As Priya mentioned earlier, March quarter’26 we delivered 8% Consolidated 
Revenue growth, driven by a robust UVG of 6%. Our EBITDA margin stood at 23.7% 
at the higher end of our guidance, and in absolute terms, our EBITDA grew 6% on 
year-on-year basis.  
Our Profit After Tax before exceptional item grew 4% on year-on-year basis, 
while the Reported Profit After Tax grew by 20% year-on-year. The reported 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 9 of 35 
 
profit includes the combined impact of proceeds from divestment of 
Nutritionalab Private Limited in the current quarter and OZiva fair valuation in the 
base period. 
Moving to segmental performance for the quarter, Home Care delivered 9% 
Underlying Sales Growth driven by high-single digit UVG. This marks the 
segment's strongest performance in 11 quarters.  
Fabric Wash delivered double-digit growth that was broad-based across 
formats. Liquids portfolio delivered robust double-digit growth, building on an 
already strong base of the previous year. This performance further consolidates 
our leadership in this emerging category.  
Household Care posted another quarter of double-digit volume growth 
supported by outperformance in Vim Liquid.  
Given heightened commodity inflation in crude-linked derivatives, we have 
implemented calibrated price increase across Fabric Wash and Household Care 
in June quarter as well. This may lead to some rebalancing between volume and 
price growth in the short term. 
Moving on to Beauty & Wellbeing, this segment delivered 8% USG driven by mid-
single digit UVG.  
Within this, Hair Care recorded strong double-digit volume-led growth. The 
performance was broad-based across brands and formats. We have continued 
to strengthen our market leadership in this category, anchored in relevant 
propositions and superior technology-led innovation. As market leaders, driving 
premiumization remains a fundamental priority. During the quarter, we 
intensified our market development initiatives resulting in a 25% increase in the 
distribution of shampoo bottles in General Trade. This is key to ensuring sustained 
and healthy growth in this portfolio.  
In Skin Care and Colour Cosmetics, the premium segment delivered double-digit 
growth driven by investment in our market development cells. However, this was 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 10 of 35 
 
softened by the mass skin portfolio. In Channels of the Future, we continued our 
strong double-digit growth resulting in sustained market share gains in this 
dynamic and competitive space. We continued to build our Masstige portfolio in 
Beauty and Wellbeing with Minimalist delivering strong double-digit growth and 
Simple scaling to an annual revenue run rate of more than Rs. 160 crores.  
Overall, we continue to step up our play in Beauty & Wellbeing led by volume 
growth in premium portfolio and Channels of the Future. 
Personal Care delivered 5% Underlying Sales Growth during the quarter driven 
by pricing.  
Skin Cleansing within this posted high-single digit growth, the highest in 12 
quarters. Our priority in this segment is to drive market development in premium 
cleansing bars and Bodywash. By prioritizing evolving consumer needs for skin-
related benefits in soap and broadening consumer reach through access packs, 
we are committed to achieving sustained growth and strengthening our 
leadership within this category. As a result, premium skin cleansing delivered 
double-digit volume-led growth and gained market share.  
Oral Care recorded low-single digit growth for the quarter with Closeup 
delivering competitive results. We are focused on expanding into new demand 
spaces and broadening our portfolio to address evolving consumer needs. In line 
with this, we launched Pepsodent's Sensitive Care toothpaste, further 
strengthening our presence in higher-benefit spaces. 
Coming to Foods now, this segment delivered 5% USG driven by high single-digit 
UVG.  
In Beverages, Tea delivered low single-digit volume growth. Coffee continued its 
strong double-digit growth momentum supported by both volume and price.  
Lifestyle Nutrition delivered double-digit growth during the quarter driven by 
Horlicks and Boost. Over the last year, we have taken a series of actions to rebuild 
consumption in this segment. More recently, we relaunched Horlicks as Horlicks 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 11 of 35 
 
Superfoods and also expanded into new demand spaces including ready-to-
drink and protein, which is available in select online platforms. These actions are 
beginning to show momentum, even as we recognize there is more work ahead. 
We remain focused on consistently executing against our agenda as we continue 
to transform Horlicks into a lifestyle essential.  
Packaged Foods reported mid-single digit growth driven by Unilever Food 
Solution, Ketchup, Chutneys, and Mayonnaise. Kissan's expansion into chutneys is 
seeing encouraging early traction. 
Moving on to our full year performance, on a consolidated level, we delivered 
5% USG driven by 4% UVG. EBITDA margin at 23.6% was at the higher end of the 
guidance. Our overall EBITDA grew by 2%. We stepped up investments in A&P for 
the full year with Rs. 270 crores increase in absolute spends. Profit After Tax 
before exceptional item was at Rs. 10,324 crores.  
Looking at segment-level performance for full year’26, as you can see, we 
delivered broad-based growth.  
Home Care delivered 4% USG powered by high-single digit UVG as attractive 
propositions and doubling down on market development activities drove 
continued market share gains through the year and reinforced our leadership.  
Beauty & Wellbeing recorded 6% USG for the year supported by ongoing 
portfolio transformation and premiumization as we reposition the business 
towards high-growth demand spaces.  
Personal Care for the year delivered 4% USG driven by premiumization and 
sustained investment behind brands alongside consistent execution across 
channels.  
And Foods reported 5% USG led by mid-single digit UVG, marking a step-up 
driven by portfolio expansion into high-growth demand spaces and sharper 
propositions.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 12 of 35 
 
Across segments, margins remained healthy as we balanced cost discipline with 
investments to drive competitive volume-led growth. 
Our robust balance sheet remains a key pillar of our strategic and financial 
growth model. Our total reserves for HUL as at the end of financial year ‘26 stood 
close to Rs. 49,000 crores. A strong reserve provides us the financial flexibility to 
navigate volatility while continuing to invest behind growth priorities.  
Our cash flow from operations stood close to Rs. 10,500 crores, underpinned by 
strong execution across the business, robust cash conversion, and focus on 
working capital discipline.  
Both our ROCE and ROE have improved on year-on-year basis. Together, these 
metrics reinforce the robustness of our financial growth model. 
We are sharpening capital allocation to do two things in parallel: fuel growth and 
sustain strong shareholder returns. During the year, we deployed significant 
capital of Rs. 3,500 crores into bolt-on acquisitions that strengthen our presence 
in attractive fast-evolving demand spaces, including digital-first premium Beauty 
& Wellbeing platforms such as Minimalist and OZiva.  
In parallel, we have also signed off a Rs. 2,000 crores planned capex investment 
to expand capacity in the premium formats. These are tangible examples of how 
we are allocating capital to build the businesses of the future.  
Our dividend approach reflects a conscious outcome of the choices we are 
making, redirecting capital into opportunities we believe will be growth 
accretive while still maintaining sustainable returns for shareholders. The Board 
has declared a final dividend of Rs. 22 per share, subject to approval of 
shareholders, taking the total dividend for the year to Rs. 41 per share. 
Before closing, let me briefly outline the impact of the ongoing Middle East 
situation on our business. Crude oil-linked supply chains were impacted, creating 
disruptions in the supply and rise in the commodity prices. This, combined with 
continued currency depreciation, increased the input costs.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 13 of 35 
 
First, from a supply-side perspective, we responded with operational discipline, 
leveraging our global procurement and supply chain network. And while the 
situation remained volatile, we were focused on supply continuity and fulfilling 
consumer demand. We are happy to report that we were able to manage our 
production and supplies without any disruption.  
As regards to the cost, we have stepped up in parallel the savings funnel and 
equally we have taken pricing to the extent of 2% to 5% already. And as we 
navigate this, depending on how the costs pan out, we will be taking further price 
increases as may be necessary.  
While doing that, we continue to optimize all our lines of P&L and the cost savings 
and looking at non-working media in particular to look at optimization while 
ensuring that our key brands remain fully funded on key media investments. 
Coming to mid-term outlook, from a demand standpoint, as we said, the demand 
environment remains stable, the rural and urban both increasing. There are short-
term volatilities which could be created by the geopolitical situation, but as of 
now, India stands out as the key emerging country with even IMF forecasting 6.5% 
growth.  
This, combined with the strength of our brands and our robust financial position, 
we expect FY’27 to be better than FY’26. The choices we have made around 
portfolio, organization simplification, channel expansion, and execution will 
continue to deliver results for us.  
As far as margins are concerned, our approach remains consistent and 
disciplined, and we expect the mid-term margin guidance to remain around our 
current guided range of 22.5% to 23.5%.  
Our focus is clear and unchanged. Competitive volume-led growth is our 
number one priority.  
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks, and I will now hand back to 
Yogesh to commence the Q&A session. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 14 of 35 
 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Thank you, Priya and Niranjan. With this, we now move to the Q&A. We request 
you to kindly restrict the number of questions to a maximum of two at a time. In 
case you have any further questions, please join the queue again. In addition to 
the audio, our participants have an option to post the questions through a web 
option on the screen. We will take those questions just at the end.  
With that, I would like to hand the call back to Neerav to manage the next session 
for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi team, my first question is actually on the volume drivers. One, if you could just 
help us understand, because it's been a good six months after the GST price cuts 
etc. in certain categories. If you talk about, let's say, the positive effects of price 
elasticity gains, let's say for example in a shampoo bottle, one example which 
comes to my mind, or any other example you want to highlight, what's actually 
happening in terms of consumption?  
Secondly, over the last three months, six months, if you could just help us 
understand the drivers of UVG, is it more tonnage, more mix, etc.? That's question 
number one. Thank you. 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, thanks Manoj. So, you know Manoj, I think I will break this up into a few 
parts. The first is we are doubling down behind market development and market 
making. For HUL, this has always been the largest part of our volume-led growth. 
So really what you're seeing also is a reflection of us intrinsically going behind 
those few big bets that we are talking about.  
Just to give you an example, we talked about liquids. Liquids in Home Care has 
now become Rs. 4,000 crores, growing at strong double-digit. This is all mostly 
volumetric. So therefore, those are the examples of the kind of actions. So, the 
first bucket is market development.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 15 of 35 
 
The second is really in terms of, our core brands and getting penetration gains on 
our core brands in terms of share gains. Overall, we are turnover weighted 
gaining shares, and this is both volumetric and value, but even volume-led share 
gains. That's the second bucket of how we are getting volume gains. So really 
becoming more competitive.  
The reason and how we are doing that is really by doubling down behind our 
brands, ensuring we step up both the marketing, the execution on the ground 
across the omni-channel environment in which we play. And the channels focus 
is the third bucket where across channels we have built our capabilities and that's 
beginning to bear fruit.  
So therefore, we really see this, the three buckets of volume-led growth and 
that's the outcome and the fruit we are beginning to see. So that sort of I hope 
answers the question, Manoj. 
Manoj Menon: 
Sure, just one quick clarification if I may. If I understood the response for the, let's 
say, the elasticity gains etc. post the GST cuts, what I understood is that yes, there 
are gains, but all of it is probably being reinvested for even faster growth. Is that 
the right takeaway? 
Priya Nair: 
That is absolutely the right takeaway. So there are more macro factors which are 
resulting in the right favourable conditions. But Manoj, what I am saying is we are 
doubling down behind our capability and initiative so that we are able to really 
benefit from favourable conditions, but it's really about our stepping up our 
competitiveness and doubling down behind market development across the 
channels and really improving our channel capabilities and footprint. So, three 
sort of buckets I would give you. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay, got it. Now second and the last question, I will come back in the queue. It's 
quite pleasing to see the turnaround in Lifestyle Nutrition from a revenue 
perspective, even double-digits current quarter. Now obviously there are three 
elements to the growth, which is the core, you know, the I would say the higher 
value products and probably the newer products what you would have done. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 16 of 35 
 
But to get to double-digit growth, I would presume that the core has to really fire, 
right?  
And if yes, if you could, you know, let's spell out a couple of, let's say, drivers for 
that growth and your confidence because this turnaround has happened after a 
long time. So just would be quite helpful if you could just comment about your 
confidence of, let's say, sustaining a double-digit growth, let's say over the next 
one year and beyond. Thank you. 
Priya Nair: 
Sure. So, I think, we are quite pleased with, you know, the trajectory of 
improvement we are seeing on our Lifestyle Nutrition business. Three, four 
buckets of what are the actions behind it. The first is an improvement in our pack-
price architecture. So, we have improved our overall pack-price architecture 
and that is giving us gains. The second is we have relaunched Horlicks in the South 
of India with the Horlicks Superfoods mix with a new technology. The early signs 
of that have been extremely positive for us. 
And the third bucket is the new areas which Horlicks has entered. We have 
entered into RTDs, we have doubled down behind biscuits, and we have just 
launched Horlicks Protein. That's a very new limited launch into almost as we 
speak into the premium Quick Commerce and modern trade channels. So very 
early start to the protein. So, you are absolutely right, Manoj, that it's firstly the 
core and the new segments are beginning well, but they are still small and huge 
headroom for us to grow those new segments.  
Our focus will be to first roll out the Superfoods launch across the country, which 
is what we will be in the process of doing. And secondly, really double down 
behind these new segments we have entered. I also want to give a mention to 
Boost, which continues to perform very well for us. And we have also with Boost 
core we have doubled down, but also entered into RTDs on Boost, and the early 
signs of that have been good for us as well. 
Manoj Menon: 
Thank you and have a good day. Thank you. 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, thanks Manoj. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 17 of 35 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yeah, thanks and congrats on recovery. My first question is again on Lifestyle 
Nutrition. In the past, we have seen that whenever milk is inflationary, Horlicks 
and Boost also suffer in demand because obviously a large part of the 
consumption is linked. Now in an El Nino year, generally we see fodder 
availability being impacted and that does drive up the milk prices.  
Would you see that as a big challenge in terms of this growth recovery? Because 
you have seen good recovery, but can this derail, say in H2 or that kind of a 
timeframe when milk becomes inflationary? That is my first question. 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, Abneesh, actually Horlicks gets drunk both in milk and in water. So that's 
the first thing I wanted to mention. Yes, it's absolutely true that it gets drunk with 
milk, but it also in the East of the country, in fact, mostly it is put into water. So 
that's the first thing you need to know. The second thing is I actually think we are 
in a time in which, you know, nutrition is actually a key trend. So, I think the focus 
and that's what we are doubling down behind, which is to, you know, remind 
consumers of the nutritive benefits of Horlicks and Boost. And that's our key 
focus. 
The third is the new modern areas in which we are expanding the brand, whether 
it is RTD, whether it is protein, and we are only just beginning honestly. With, you 
know, the democratization that we can do of nutrition across the length and 
breadth of the country. So that's how I see it as really returning to the basic 
fundamentals of the category, which is nutrition-led benefits, which is what, you 
know, is the value of this category. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My last question is overall macro. If we see HUL as a company, in Q3, Q4 has 
seen a good recovery and the recovery has accelerated. In Q4, if I see almost 
every staples company has done well and better than expectation. Now if I see 
outlook, clearly one or two challenges are there. El Nino challenge mostly I think 
H2 rural demand will get tested. And H1 obviously inflation is there.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 18 of 35 
 
I think post May 4th, the petrol-diesel price hike extremely likely and FMCG price 
hikes are happening. So, if you combine all this, how confident are you that FY’27 
can still be better than FY’26 for you and maybe for the sector also? 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, first let's talk about the rainfall prediction and I will ask Niranjan also to 
weigh in. You know, while absolutely, we have all seen the rainfall forecast and 
the monsoon forecast for the country at 92% and below normal. I think it's 
important to look at other factors as well, including the reservoir levels in the 
country. The reservoir levels in the country are at significantly above the normal 
levels of last year. So that sort of bodes well for the country as well.  
So, if you look at factors like that, you have to look at the issues like the spread of 
the rainfall. So, there are many factors to be taken into consideration, including 
the MSP price of food grains and how that pans out in terms of rural wage 
income. So, you know, we are going to watch that closely, Abneesh, very simply. 
But we remain positive that, in the end, even if there is more inflation in the 
country overall, we are still talking about headline inflations of 4% to 5%, which 
as a staples company, we believe that our products are relatively low elasticity 
on price in comparison with other categories. So, we remain quite confident 
about that.  
The second area that you are talking about is the overall inflation, and I think that's 
what I was trying to address, that listen, yes, we will have more pricing that will 
come in, but overall staples tends to be more low price elasticity as compared to 
other categories because we are in the end talking about everyday categories, 
right? Detergents, soaps, shampoos, tea. These are everyday categories and 
therefore low on elasticity. Niranjan, if you would like to add? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
No, absolutely Priya. And I mean, if we look at the H1 inflation, Abneesh, as you 
pointed out, the answer is the elasticity. And if we talk about H2, which is more 
rural income-based demand pattern that we are talking about, just to again 
reiterate that what we have seen is there are three counter-factors to the El Nino 
effect this time. We talked about reservoirs being 10% higher, then MSP, 5%-6% 
higher. Apart from that, the grain stocks which are with the government because 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 19 of 35 
 
of the last two years' record production, they are also at a record high. So 
effectively speaking, there are wherewithal available for equalizing, neutralizing 
the rural income dent part of it. And eventually it also depends on the dispersion 
of the rainfall month-wise and the geographical phasing.  
So as of now, given the reservoirs, given the grain stocks, and given the MSPs, we 
don't expect, unless the rainfall is like below 85%, we don't expect any impact on 
the rural demand on the H2 as of now. 
Priya Nair: 
And probably maybe I will just add, Abneesh, that in the end, listen we can't 
control the macroeconomic uncertainty or volatility, but what we are going to 
focus on and this has always been the case in these kind of volatile times, that we 
are very strongly placed as HUL because of the financial strength, the overall 
operational agility, our scale, we are well-placed to navigate this short-term sort 
of, medium to short-term volatility, but stay focused on our long-term 
opportunities.  
Niranjan Gupta: 
Plus, the fact that our portfolio straddles across price pyramid. So therefore, we 
are able to capture even in case, in the outer case, where if there is some down-
trading that happens in some parts of India. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thanks. One very last small follow-up. So last two, three years we have seen 
every state election, all parties promise the populist programs and all this Mahila, 
Ladli Behna Yojana etc. So, have you seen rural demand for you still faster than 
urban? And within rural also, whichever state is say giving that Rs. 2,000, Rs. 3,000 
subsidies to the women, is the growth faster there versus states where I think still 
if it has not happened? 
Priya Nair: 
Overall, we have seen rural and urban demand to be more or less equal, 
Abneesh. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And any colour on rural subsidy versus non-subsidy states? 
Priya Nair: 
I wouldn't be able to comment on that. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thanks. That's all from my side. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 20 of 35 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vivek from Jefferies India. 
Please go ahead. 
Vivek: 
Thank you. My first question is, you have mentioned volume growth is the top 
priority, which is great, and you have also retained your margin guidance. And 
you have explained some of this, in the previous questions also, responses also. 
But how do you plan to manage, especially in the context of the volatility that we 
are seeing in the input prices?  
I mean, we are speaking on a day when Brent has crossed $120, rupee has 
depreciated below 95. How do you get that margin confidence also, and if the 
priority is volume growth, do you not think you may have to take some chance 
with the margins? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, Vivek, the way we are navigating this space, as I said already, is that we have 
seen a cost inflation of around 8% to 10% so far on our material cost base. Against 
that, we have already taken a price increase to the extent of 2% to 5% depending 
on portfolio to portfolio.  
And we are continuing to navigate. See, the Brent going up to $120 on a single 
day, as you know, nobody can forecast because they are not fundamentals of 
demand and supply that are guiding the Brent prices or the currency right now. 
So, they are fluctuating in a wide range. But we will continue to navigate and take 
appropriate pricing, so that is one part of it. 
The second, of course, is the accelerating the savings funnel and given our 
operating leverage, given our huge base of the cost and the supply chain that 
we operate, there are elements where we are optimizing far more. We talked 
about, let's say, non-working media without impacting the media behind the 
brands or, let's say, overheads. And the margin is effectively a band that we are 
operating.  
So, we have said a band of 22.5% to 23.5%. Now that band allows us to operate at 
sometimes a higher end of the band when things are favourable in terms of cost 
scenario, and maybe lower end of the band when things are not so favourable. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 21 of 35 
 
So, we do feel at this point in time confident enough that we will be able to guide 
with that band that we have. 
Vivek: 
Got it. My second question is, can you just briefly elaborate a bit more on what 
you are planning to do under Quick Commerce as you mentioned, and this Rs. 
2,000 crores capex towards premium formats? Can we have a bit more details? 
Priya Nair: 
Sure. So, Vivek, let me talk about the capex first. The capex is essentially focused 
on premium formats, liquids across Home Care, Personal Care, and Beauty. So 
that's where we have invested. So, it's a Rs. 2,000 crores capital investment that 
we are making towards growth of these formats, which is in line with our strategy 
and our big bets that we've shared. So that's sort of to give you a colour on the 
capital investment.  
The second thing is on Quick Commerce. So essentially our Quick Commerce 
organization we created, which is working well for us as you can see, to focus on 
driving our capability building for what is right for that channel. So it is focused 
on both the demand generation side in terms of how we market, availability, 
supply, technology, and really the end-to-end go-to-market and ensuring that 
we are able to build our capability to serve Quick Commerce very different from 
how we will serve General Trade and as equally important or more important in 
terms of scale and size, but really ensuring that we build the right capabilities for 
the right channel.  
So, it was really doubling down to create new capabilities with Quick Commerce, 
and this has augured well for us. We shared last quarter that our customer 
availability has gone up almost 1,400 basis points, and that's been a good 
vindication of really putting together the kind of capabilities it takes to win in 
Quick Commerce. 
Vivek: 
Okay, and just a follow-up if I may. On the Quick Commerce bit, Priya, does that 
mean because you will have more dedicated resources, if there is a white space, 
does that also mean that you would be open to, let's say, bolt-on small 
acquisitions wherever white spaces are there? 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 22 of 35 
 
Priya Nair: 
I mean, in line with our strategy, we have always maintained we are open to bolt-
on acquisitions, Vivek, and that continues. 
Vivek: 
Perfect. Thank you, wishing you all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question was on broader top line 
and market share. Just wanted to quickly clarify if you came across any pre-
buying from channel partners ahead of anticipated price increases in some of 
your categories which you took in March and April.  
And second bit was, we have come across reports regarding how smaller players 
may be finding it difficult to operate amidst supply disruption and raw material 
availability and of course in an associated commodity inflation environment. Are 
you witnessing any such trends in your core categories which in turn are aiding 
market share gain momentum for you, in the recent months? So that's the first 
question. 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, Latika, I will answer and also ask Niranjan to add. So, in terms of pre-buying, 
we did not witness any pre-buying from traders in the quarter. So that's simply 
the answer to that question. As regards, what we are witnessing whenever there 
have been challenges and disruptions, in volatile times, organizations and we 
have a strong position.  
So, let's take categories in which we have a strong position like Home Care. We 
are well-positioned because of both our overall financial position, we operate in 
premium parts of Home Care, we are well-positioned because of the scale in 
which we operate to really navigate volatility.  
So, in that sense are we well-positioned to navigate volatility? Absolutely. But we 
will also double down behind costs which doesn't matter to consumers, go 
behind all the lines of the P&L where consumers are not affected and ensure that 
we have a very, very strong disciplined and over the years we have done this in 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 23 of 35 
 
many, many times of disruption where we have gone behind shaving off costs 
that do not matter to consumers. So, in that sense, you know, it's the discipline of 
the organization combined with the capability and scale of the organization, we 
believe we are well-placed. 
 
Niranjan, is there anything you would like to add? Yeah, go on Latika. 
Latika Chopra: 
Yeah, the second question I had was on Personal Care. You know, this vertical has 
continued to see volume decline. Just wanted to understand, how should we 
think about your confidence in growth returning here, if you could share some 
more colour on the trends and the initiatives? Thank you. 
Priya Nair: 
So, Latika, overall Personal Care for us and, you know, let's break it down as soaps 
has been inflationary over now almost a year. It has been an inflationary 
commodity and therefore we have taken up prices as has the industry. And we 
continue to get therefore USG growth. Our focus has been on really 
premiumizing our portfolio. So, Dove and Pears are growing strong double-digit. 
In Bodywash again, not only have we grown strong double-digit, but we have 
also gained almost 400 basis points of share in Bodywash, so it's now becoming 
very material for our Personal Care category. 
And with that, we are moving in the same way consumers are moving to truly 
ensure that we premiumize our portfolio. We are also doubling down behind Lux, 
which is our core brand in mass. And that's really sort of the actions we are taking 
across our Personal Care business. So just to give you a sense. I don't know, 
Niranjan, if you would like to add anything? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
No, absolutely Priya. So, I think our focus is on driving the premiumization in 
Personal Care and we are already seeing double-digit across the premium 
brands of Personal Care, Bodywash, market development that's working well, 
gaining market share there. So that's the strategy there and it's auguring well. And 
of course, we will gain increasingly moving forward the volumes on the core 
base as well. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you so much. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 24 of 35 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Hi, thanks for taking my questions. My question was first on Home Care. Now 
Home Care obviously has the maximum input cost inflation that you would be 
facing. And if I look at the post-Ukraine FY’23 year, HUL had taken high double-
digit price increases in Home Care almost very immediately after the input cost 
inflation came in. This time, I think from what I heard from Niranjan on TV, the price 
hikes are a lot more modest.  
Is there any reason for that in the sense that is the input cost inflation not yet hit 
you to that extent as of now, or is there anything different in the operating 
environment like liquid detergents is now there in the category or any 
competitive situation why the price hikes are lower this time compared to the 
past? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So, Arnab, these are two different situations actually. When you looked at the 
previous situation of the increased inflation that happened, that was more 
structural and therefore more longer-term in terms of how it was to pan out and 
that's how it panned out. As far as the current situation is concerned, it's not one-
way street, it's very volatile. We have already seen crude going up to $110, moving 
down to $85, moving up, moving down.  
So, it's a very short-termish situation as of now, which is not dependent on 
structural demand or supply issues. It's based on the geopolitical war issue that's 
happening. And that is why we have to be measured in the price increases that 
we take and therefore we are taking in steps. Of course, we are also helped by 
the covers that we have and therefore that allows us to ensure that we take 
modest while ensuring that we have a decent focus also on our operating profit 
growth.  
So that's the reason, Arnab, in terms of taking modest price increases. And of 
course, it's also backed by the savings program that Priya talked about, 
accelerating. And of course, if it continues to happen, then we will consider more 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 25 of 35 
 
price increases moving forward. But we will navigate the space given that it's not 
structurally demand-supply led. 
Priya Nair: 
But Arnab, if your question is will we take price if, crude inflation continues? Yes. 
Simply we will take price because we operate at the premium end of Home Care 
and we have strong brands; they are relatively low on elasticity. And we will of 
course do it judiciously always between price, costs, as we have always done. But 
if, we find that this becomes more structural, we continue to take price. So, I think 
what Niranjan mentioned was the first round of pricing we have taken based on 
the cost impact that we had for that quarter. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure, thanks. That's helpful. And my second question is also on Home Care that in 
this inflationary environment, what is your experience normally in terms of how 
the volume growth behaves in the category of premiumization? Does it get 
affected in the category and are you able to typically gain share from local or 
regional players in this environment? So, any colour on how you think the top line 
or the volume and the mix and market share could do in this environment? 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, I think, I mentioned it but maybe I will just explain how we see this. The first 
is that overall, in these moments, the strength of our portfolio that it spans across 
the pyramid right from Wheel at the bottom to Surf excel Liquid, Fabric 
Conditioners at the top, sort of helps us navigate the volatility.  
The second is the strength of our brands and the fact that we have pricing power 
in these categories versus, other players. And the third is that our financial 
operating sort of agility, which allows us to navigate this volatility, puts us as we 
believe in a very strong place to navigate the times, we are in.  
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure. Thanks, that's it from my side. 
Priya Nair: 
Thanks, Arnab. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Avi Mehta from Macquarie Group. 
Please go ahead. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 26 of 35 
 
Avi Mehta: 
Yeah, hi. I just had one clarificatory question, which was on if you could give us 
some details on what has weighed on the mass skin care segment and any actions 
that you have taken which could help offset these pressures? 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, I think, first I want to put colour totally on our Beauty & Wellbeing business. 
Our Beauty & Wellbeing business grew USG at 8%. Remember that the USG does 
not include at this moment Minimalist, which lies at the revenue line, not yet in the 
USG line. And underlying level our overall Beauty & Wellbeing business will be 
growing double-digit. And therefore, that's how revenue growth should be close 
to double-digit. So that's how you need to see our overall Beauty & Wellbeing 
business.  
Within that, in Skin Care as you are asking, the skin care market is premiumizing 
and we are seeing now very strong double-digit growth and market share gains 
in our premium skin care portfolio across formats, whether it's sun care, light 
moisturizers, facial cleansers, we are now seeing very strong momentum there. 
Our premium skin beauty portfolio is now operating between Minimalist, Simple, 
OZiva, and Nexus at an ARR of close to Rs. 1,400 crores. And therefore, you know, 
this augurs well as it gets larger in terms of size. So that's really how we are driving 
the portfolio.  
Within the mass skin care portfolio, it was subdued both on Glow & Lovely and 
especially on talcum powders because talcum powders in March quarter given 
the seasonality had a very weak quarter. So, we will look as we go into this 
quarter how that fares. But our focus is really on driving, this up-trading 
premiumization which is now getting to scale in our business. 
Avi Mehta: 
So Priya, if I may, just to read and correct me if I understand is wrong, but what 
you are saying is that the industry structure demands that we focus more on the 
premium end and that is why some of it is natural, some of it is seasonal, this whole 
change that we are witnessing in this Skin Care segment of Beauty. Is that a right 
understanding or I would be inaccurate? 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 27 of 35 
 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, I mean, that's absolutely right. That's how the way consumers are behaving 
in the category is consumers add more products to their Skin Care regime. And 
therefore, by nature that's what happens in Skin Care, the market tends to grow 
through addition of new formats, new benefits, and that's really where our focus 
is, in line with how consumers are moving. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it, got it. That clarifies. That's all from my side. Thank you very much for this. 
Priya Nair: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mihir Shah from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Thank you for taking my question. Congrats on a great set of numbers. Firstly, 
just one clarification. If this 8% to 10% cost inflation that you are witnessing, is 
there any low-cost inventory in that? And if one is to strip that out, what is the 
kind of cost inflation that you are seeing here?  
Niranjan Gupta: 
I'm not sure I got the question. I think this is the 8% to 10% cost inflation is on our 
material cost, accounting for our normal covers that we have. So that's the cost 
inflation that we see and that's the way we see. Of course, there may be players 
who may be facing more than that depending on how efficient or non-efficient 
their buying’s are on the market. But we do have an efficient procurement 
system, based on which we are seeing 8% to 10% material cost increase. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. No, I was asking basically in this 8% to 10%, do you also have certain low-
cost inventory that you had bought earlier, and that is why the cost inflation 
seems to be lower versus the kind of prices that we see in our RM basket? So that 
was the question. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
No, we are operating with normal covers. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. Secondly, if you can throw some insights on the steps that you have 
taken when you say you have rewired go-to-market capabilities. Is this confined 
to only quick commerce and all these steps are now behind? And if so, which are 
the categories that have seen the most change and the benefit due to this? 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 28 of 35 
 
Priya Nair: 
Yes. Our steps in terms of rewiring our GTM are not just in quick commerce, but 
across the channels. So, one of the areas we have invested in, in the quarter and 
we will continue to drive this investment is in GT specialist stores. So, these are 
open format stores, chemist and cosmetic stores where we are investing to 
create a specialized force and drive up our assortment.  
So, our investments are not just in quick commerce, which we have invested, but 
also in general trade. And we continue to invest, of course, in modern trade, 
where we have a strong business. So, it's across the channel. So, it's really this 
omnichannel portfolio. And frankly, it's reflecting across our business. So, I don't 
want to say it's affecting one category more than the other, which is why you've 
seen a more holistic result across our segments. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. And lastly, if I can just put in one more. If one has to presently split 
portfolio into two buckets, core and growth, can you share what is the saliency 
of your growth portfolio and the growth rate that it is growing at? 
Priya Nair: 
I'm not clear. You will have to explain again what you mean. 
Mihir Shah: 
So, Priya, I mean, so there are certain categories and brands that have been 
growing closer to 20%, 30% plus growth rate. I just wanted to understand if you 
can split the future growth categories or power spender categories if you 
accumulate that into one bucket, what is the kind of contribution it gives to the 
overall sales? And what is the kind of growth rate that it is growing at, 
aggregating at?  
Priya Nair: 
Honestly, we don't split our business in this fashion. It's very difficult for me to 
answer this question. So, I will not be able to split for you the business like that. 
We have given some colour to it as we have gone. So, for example, in soaps, we 
have explained to you that our brands like Dove and Pears are growing double 
digit. These are actually premium brands. Or in Bodywash, we are growing 
double digit. But I don't want to put a colour to number. We don't split our 
business in that fashion. 
Mihir Shah: 
Understood. No, I thought you mentioned Rs. 1,200 crores in Beauty & Wellness? 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 29 of 35 
 
Priya Nair: 
Beauty & Wellness. 
Mihir Shah: 
Correct. So, if I aggregate for all the other segments, like how you have put Rs. 
1,200 crores for Beauty & Wellness, I was probably hoping to get a mix from there. 
But no problem. I'll take this off-line later on. Thank you and all the very best. 
Priya Nair: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Sachdeva from UBS Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Yeah, hi. Thank you so much for taking my question. My first question, Priya, is on 
Beauty & Wellbeing growth rate. Clearly, I see that mass is dragging the growth 
rate of Skin Care, which is led by premium, which is growing very well. But mass 
is a given, which is a very large category for us. So, in that sense, it needs to be 
crowded out by newer brands. And so, the pace of crowding out this very 
resilient but slow growing portfolio or no growing portfolio seems to be still 
lacking.  
So, do you need to aggressively build more brands or benefit spaces there? Is the 
pace you are comfortable with? Or you need to bridge both portfolio gaps? But 
this is like despite trying several alternatives last year as well, this has not worked. 
So how this overall portfolio could grow in double digits? Given QC is there are, 
so many barriers to entries are broken and there's a new opportunity, how we 
should think about this business growing into double digits? 
Priya Nair: 
The biggest opportunity for us in Skin Care is to democratize formats that are 
today very niche at the top end of the portfolio. So, if you take, for example, 
sunscreen, you take light moisturizer, you take even face washes, the penetration 
of these categories is still low. So, our opportunity and that is what we are 
focusing, so it's not just about more brands. It's about driving and democratizing 
at scale, which only HUL can do given our scale and size, these formats are across 
the length and breadth of the country. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 30 of 35 
 
So, I will give you an example of that to bring it to light. We have launched Lakme 
Sun Gel in the quarter. It's at a Rs. 10 price point for a sun gel. That certainly 
democratizes. It's a 2% penetration format, to give you a sense of how lower the 
penetration is. For all the new brands that we talk about, the penetration of 
sunscreen is 2%. So, the real opportunity to educate India on what is required in 
Skin Care.  
The first format in a hot country like India is sunscreen and sun protection is 
required, and therefore, educating and making them accessible. So, it's not just 
about access, it's about educating about the needs of sunscreens. And that's 
really how we will democratize the format. And we are doing this with Lakme, 
and we will do this with us by other brands, Pond's. So really how we democratize 
this kind of format.  
So that's how we should think about it. So, is there a role for premium brands? 
Sure, and that's why we have built Minimalist and Simple. Simple is now at an ARR 
of Rs. 160 crores. So that's how we are building our portfolio at the top. But it's also, 
in addition to that, the way to think about Skin Care and what HUL can do given 
our scale and size in Skin Care, is to democratize our new formats at scale. 
We have launched now across Vaseline, Pond's, light moisturizers, and these are 
what we are scaling up, and really de-seasonalizing the moisturization category, 
which is currently very much a winter category into across the seasons of the 
country. So just think about it in that fashion. I can go on and on. I can talk about 
this for half an hour. But let's take, Vaseline.  
We have launched Vaseline Gluta-Hya, which is a format which is designed for 
an Indian humid, hot kind of condition versus thick heavy moisturizer, and then 
we democratize it with pack-price architecture. So that's how we should think of 
how the Skin Care category will grow. It's not just all about new brands, but it is 
certainly about many new formats, segments that will emerge in Skin Care. And 
that's the nature of the Skin Care category all over the world. 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 31 of 35 
 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. Yes, that was very helpful. Just if I may just a small follow-up here on DTC 
is that what, is the Minimalist revenue sizes? And I didn't see the mention of 
cosmetics growth this quarter. What was that? 
Priya Nair: 
So, our overall revenue size of Minimalist is about Rs. 850 crores ARR. So that's 
about the revenue size of Minimalist. It's performed extremely well for us. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Sure. And what was the cosmetics growth for the quarter? 
Priya Nair: 
We don't break down the growth of all our sub-categories. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Got it. And my second question, Priya, is on pricing environment. Given the 
pricing is very volatile and given Niranjan said that you are judicially taking a view 
on that, but we are also coming out of the negative pricing which we saw in Home 
Care. And I assume that, continues to sort of benefit you in some way. How should 
we think about FY’27?  
I just want a broad-based thought on that because should we look at like pricing 
could be 4% to 5% for the full year, given where the environment is? Or could it 
be still low single digits like we saw in last couple of quarters? At least, I would 
think that incrementally pricing environment becomes more conducive for you 
and probably competitively as well. If you can sort of, give some guidance on 
overall pricing one should think about for the full year next year. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Let me pick this up. So, you are right. I mean, there's a negative UPG is 
anniversarizing as we speak on Home Care, and because of the cost inflation, 
there's a pricing which is coming in. There would be some balancing of volume 
and price as well as we move forward, although the elasticity in our categories is 
low. And we have to navigate this.  
What cost inflation you are seeing is as of now as we speak because these are 
not structural cost inflation based on demand and supply. So, I think we will have 
to navigate this space, it's very difficult to give out a number or b number for the 
full year. All we can say is that on the top line, we are confident of fiscal year’27 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 32 of 35 
 
to be better than fiscal year’26 despite all the volatility that we are seeing in the 
market. 
Priya Nair: 
And I think the only thing we can control is our performance. We can't control 
the volatility of the environment. And our focus is, we believe we are making the 
fundamental corrections that we need to do to accelerate our performance, 
which is why we have quoted, as Niranjan was saying, that FY’27 will be better 
than FY’26. And we remain confident about that. And in a volatile environment, 
we remain confident about our ability to navigate. But we will always be judicious 
about how to navigate this. 
Amit Sachdeva: 
Thanks so much and all the best. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA India. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, three questions, I mean, two questions and a 
clarification. So firstly, on was there any restocking effect in the quarter given 
that we had some destocking and channel effect in the previous quarter? 
Second question on tea, we have seen sort of on a relative weak base again 
softer volume growth.  
So, is there anything specific in this quarter that impacted tea growth given that 
now input costs also seem to be under control? And then just a clarification on 
what you mentioned on the sort of 400 basis point market share gain in 
Bodywash. Is this based on Nielsen data or does this include sort of broader data 
on market share on Quick Commerce and the likes of that? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
So as far as restocking is concerned, we actually had alluded to that there's been 
no restocking as far as our March quarter is concerned. So, these are the 
underlying sales as you see. On tea, there's no specific reason for this one. I mean, 
more importantly, it's more around the deflation that year-on-year that you see 
on pricing, which has impacted the sales growth as far as tea is concerned. But 
there's no fundamental reason for tea volumes.  

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 33 of 35 
 
And the third, which is the market share, which is Bodywash, yes, it's based on 
Nielsen data, but we also know from overall that across the all the channels we 
are able to grow Bodywash faster and there's a specific focus of market 
development as far as body wash is concerned. 
Aditya Soman: 
Thanks, Niranjan. And just on tea, so the volume growth is low-single digit, right? 
That's the number you sort of gave. 
Niranjan Gupta: 
Yes, yes. That's true. That's true. Within that, the premium brands have grown 
faster. 
Aditya Soman: 
Okay, clear. Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nihal Jham from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes, good evening, Priya and Niranjan. Two questions. Niranjan, the first one was 
a clarification that if we assume the current spot prices of our commodities, what 
would be the inflation for us at present? 
Niranjan Gupta: 
It's very speculative to take the current spot because the current spot what is 
today may not be tomorrow because I have seen the last 30 days the way it 
moves. So, I don't think, Nihal, by doing those calculations one actually can get 
led to very wrong decision-making. So, what we are doing is we are watching 
the space and not reacting to any knee-jerk current spot prices. As we said, when 
we have looked at the balance of the cost elements that are coming in the June 
quarter, we are seeing 8% to 10% cost inflation on overall material basket for HUL. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure, Niranjan. Niranjan, the second question was again on the Home Care part 
that, you know, we look at the earlier inflation cycle and at that point of time you 
had taken price hikes commensurate to the point where our margins had also 
been maintained. So, in line of the current competitive intensity, in case we end 
up taking hikes, is it the case that the current environment gives us the 
opportunity of maintaining margins, or maybe the environment in terms of 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 34 of 35 
 
competitive intensity is different and maybe the other competition doesn't end 
up following our price hikes? Just wanted to understand your thoughts on that. 
Priya Nair: 
Listen, our number one priority will be to be competitive, very simply. We cannot 
predict what our competition does, but it will be our number one priority to stay 
competitive. We believe that we have enough flex between the guided range 
that we have given to ensure that, if the challenges continue in terms of inflation, 
we might well be at the lower end of the guided range and that's how this quarter 
will be.  
The range guidance we give is for the medium term and not necessarily just for 
the next quarter and that's the way for you to think about it, is that guidance is a 
full-year medium-term guidance. And listen, if the volatility continues, our 
priority, and I want to make that clear, will be to protect our competitiveness and 
our consumer franchise and to strengthen our consumer franchise and in that 
sense drive profit through revenue accretion. 
Nihal Jham: 
Got it. Priya, just a clarification where I was coming from is that, in that phase the 
EBIT or the EBITDA growth for the Home Care segment was actually very strong. 
So, is there a possibility that this time around the inflation cycle actually ends up 
benefiting us? 
Priya Nair: 
I think listen; we have a portfolio that is across four segments. So, we use the total 
segment across our four segments we will navigate and that creates a natural 
sort of ability to manage the environment because of the strength of our 
portfolio across our four segments, across our categories. You know, that's how 
we will look at it as totally the enterprise. 
Nihal Jham: 
Understood. Sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, I will now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Yogesh Mulgaonkar to take questions from the web. Over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Yeah, in the web there's one question for you, Priya. It says Unilever globally is 
moving away from foods, yet HUL is doubling down on Horlicks, Boost, and 

           March Quarter & Financial Year 2026 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
Page 35 of 35 
 
Coffee. How aligned is HUL's food strategy with the global direction and do we 
read more in this? 
Priya Nair: 
Yeah, I think the HUL Foods business is very distinctively different from the 
Unilever Foods business. Our business of HUL is firstly a Beverage business in Tea 
and Coffee, a Lifestyle Nutrition business, and in Foods, Kissan is our large brand, 
a very different local brand, very well entrenched in the segments in which it 
operates. And as you know, we have launched into chutneys and extended the 
brand recently.  
So therefore that, combined with the opportunities that exist in India in Foods, is 
the reason why Foods is outside the perimeter of the Unilever transaction that we 
have done, and Foods continues to be a very important area and focus of 
strategy for HUL. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With this, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yogesh 
Mulgaonkar for closing comments. 
Yogesh Mulgaonkar: 
Yeah, with that we now come to the end of the Q&A session. Before we end, let 
me remind you that the playback of this event will be available on the Investor 
Relations section of our website in a short while. Thank you, everyone, for the 
participation and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect. Thank 
you. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
 
