 
 
 
 
Date: 6th May, 2026 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter and 
financial year ended on 31st March, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Thursday, 30th April, 2026 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2026. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
 
Arjun Singh 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
Enclosed as above; 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
ARJUN 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ARJUN SINGH 
Date: 2026.05.06 
10:26:30 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
April 30, 2026 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sona Comstar 
Q4FY26 earnings group conference call. 
 
Please note that all participant lines are in the listen-only mode. There will be 
an opportunity to ask questions after the presentation concludes. This call is 
being recorded. We request that you keep your lines muted except when 
asking a question.  
 
Some of the statements by the management team during today’s call may 
be forward-looking in nature and we request you to refer to the disclaimer in 
the earnings presentation for details. The management will not be taking any 
customer-related questions or confirm or deny any customer names or 
relationships due to confidentiality reasons. Please refrain from naming any 
customer in your question. 
 
I will now hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh (Deputy Head of Research 
India & Lead Auto Analyst) at Nomura. Kapil, please go ahead. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, Sneha. Good day, everyone. 
 
Once again, it’s my pleasure to host the management team from Sona BLW. 
We have with us Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh, MD and Group CEO; Mr. Vikram 
Verma, CEO – Driveline Business; Mr. Sat Mohan Gupta, CEO – Motor Business; 
Mr. Praveen Rao, Group CTO; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, 
Head – Railway Business; Mr. Ankit Agrawal, Head – Investor Relations; and 
Mr. Pratik Sachan, Head – Strategy and M&A. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Vivek Vikram Singh for his opening remarks 
and presentation. Vivek, over to you. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil, and welcome everyone.  
 
Q4 was the best ever quarter across the board. The quarter saw us hitting our 
highest ever revenue, highest ever EBITDA, PAT, BEV revenue, as well as BEV 
revenue share in the history of the company. But as always in our policy, 
when talking to our shareholders, we'll begin with the challenges.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
First, inflation has hit the industry pretty hard. Over the last 5 months, all major 
commodities for us, steel, aluminum, copper, have continued to move up.  
This has been further amplified by a sharp increase in freight, packaging, and 
energy prices. Frankly, almost everything linked to petrochemicals has 
become more expensive. And while a large part of this commodity inflation 
is pass through, 1) some parts are not passed through, and 2) there is always 
a lag and that lag along with the arithmetic impact on both revenue and 
cost, will put pressure on our margins, which we expect to continue seeing in 
the foreseeable future.  
 
The second headwind, if you will, is the increase in minimum wages, which 
was announced by the Haryana government effective 1st April 2026. This will 
have some cascading impact on our labor cost. However, we are working 
to mitigate it through productivity improvement, through tighter control in 
headcount addition, and better workload management.  
 
Since we are a high growth company, we believe we have some levels to 
observe part of this impact over time because whenever we add 
manpower, we can be more prudent in having less manpower growth as 
compared to the revenue or production growth.  
 
Lastly, gas availability has been a challenge, as all of you would know. We 
have partially mitigated this by shifting part of our gas requirement to electric 
heating, by optimizing gas flows and modifying certain processes. These 
initiatives have helped us to reduce our gas requirement by nearly 20% at 
the company level. And the key point to note is that despite this constraint, 
we did not have any production loss at all so far.  
 
Now coming to the good news, which is, as is usually the case, it far 
outweighs the bad news.  
 
So first, electrification is clearly back in focus. War, of course, is always, always 
deeply tragic, and there is no positive way to look at the human cost of war. 
But one evident outcome is the renewed urgency towards energy security 
and electrification. We have started seeing this in the data as well. So in 
March, BEV sales grew by nearly 45% year on year in the EU. In India, electric 
cars and two-wheelers grew 65% and 45%, respectively year on year, in 
March. And both are trending above 50% in April as well. So we think it's a 
sustained trend of electrification growth across the board. Even North 
America saw its best monthly BEV run rate in March, ever since the US subsidy 
cuts for EV, which has been a setback for that subset of the industry. So all in 
all, after a period of weak EV sentiment, the EV narrative is shifting again, 
and as all of you would know, we are fairly well positioned to gain from this.  
 
Secondly, our antifragility thesis has started playing out. We've always 
believed that we've built a business that tends to emerge stronger from 
periods of disorder. And Q4 is evidence of that thesis. We won 4 new driveline 
orders.  This is significant for two reasons. First, we've won 3 driveline orders 
from European OEMs in a single quarter. This is the highest we've ever done 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
in a single quarter from Europe. Frankly, this is the first EV order win from 
Europe in almost 4 years. This gives us confidence that the current global 
reset in supply chains can open meaningful opportunities for us and have 
market share gains in Europe, which are meaningful for us. Also, order wins 
were not limited to BEVs.  One of the four orders this quarter was for a hybrid 
platform, which reinforces our views that hybrids are an opportunity and not 
a risk. So whichever path electrification takes in whichever geography, we 
have the capability to participate and to win.  
 
Third, we are entering FY27 with the strongest balance sheet we've ever had. 
We closed the year with nearly 1,270 crores of cash, and our cash generation 
remains strong. Our FCFO upon EBITDA remains at a high level. And this 
financial strength gives us valuable optionality – optionality to invest, 
optionality to grow at a time when others may be constrained. In a volatile 
world, I mean, this is what makes our business more anti-fragile. 
 
Fourth, now, this has always been a strategic priority ever since our IPO, but 
I want to press upon diversification. So this quarter, if you saw North America 
PV sales were clearly weak while Europe had the best quarter in 4 years. 
Now, because we are meaningful players in both, the net effect was in a 
way mitigated because of this. In fact, the difference between North 
America car sales and European car sales was one of the narrowest 
differences I have seen apart from the COVID and semiconductor crisis here. 
But what I have to comment on and what truly stood out was India – 
passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, and electric two-wheelers all hit 
their best ever quarter in Q4, and India's share in our mix has now crossed 
50% for the full year. And this goes to show that our geographic diversification 
is working, and weakness in one market does not materially affect the overall 
growth trajectory for the business.  
 
Lastly, we are making strong and consistent progress in R&D for our newly 
acquired railway business. This quarter we received approvals to supply two 
new products – electric panels and HVAC systems. So in a short span of 
almost 10 months, we've expanded our railway product offerings beyond 
safety critical brake systems and couplers. Now it includes products that 
enhance passenger comfort and not just safety. We supplied the first batch 
of electric panels for locomotive applications, and we will start supplying 
HVAC systems this quarter. So new product development remains a 
foundational growth driver across all of our businesses. 
Slide 5: 
Now I go to our financial performance in the last quarter. Our revenue grew 
by a fairly strong 47% year on year, while EBITDA and net profit increased by 
32% and 17% respectively. Here I want to reiterate that our business recovery 
has been fairly robust and well, to be candid, it's well ahead of our own 
expectations. If you'd met me at the end of June and asked me if this is a 
quarter that we will have in Q4, I think I would have been very happy and 
would have thought you of being more optimistic than I am. So I want to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
thank my entire team. All of them have done very well to enable us to 
bounce back so quickly.  
I'll also touch upon BEVs. This was our best ever quarter for both BEV revenue, 
as well as for BEV revenue share, which has reached 39%. BEV revenues grew 
22% year on year, and this is despite EV sales in the US declining by 28% year 
on year in Q4. The mix, as I said, is the highest ever at 39%. And this, this kind 
of goes to show EV business is not overly dependent on any one market, any 
one category, or any one customer, and that is what we have been trying to 
build. Yes, there will be years and quarters in which you will have blips and 
setbacks, but overall the strategy is working and working well.  
Slide 6: 
For the full year, I'll say this was a tough year. There's no way we would have 
wanted to end up here if you'd have asked me 15 months back. But If you 
see how demoralizing the lows of Q1 were for us, professionally, to the loss of 
Sunjay in Q1, the US tariffs, the magnet ban that happened in Q1, and an 
increasingly challenging and volatile geopolitical environment. I'd say we as 
a team have had to endure and overcome a lot, both personally and 
professionally. And yet we have delivered 26% revenue growth, 13.5% of 
EBITDA growth, and 11% PAT growth. With sequential improvement across all 
metrics. I think it's fairly reinforcing of the belief I have in our business and in 
our teams. And despite consolidating the lower margin Railway Business, or 
having a high growth from the lower margin Traction Motor business, we have 
still managed to end FY26 with a full year EBITDA margin of 24.7%.  
Slide 9: 
I’ll come to electrification, The message is simple – momentum is back and 
it's strengthening every quarter. While full year BEV revenue declined 
marginally, that is due to that extremely weak quarter 1 that we had. Since 
then, they have improved consistently, and we've ended Q4 with the highest 
ever BEV revenue. The revenue share has also followed a very similar trend.  
We also continue to add to our EV order book. We've added 3 new EV 
programs and 1 new hybrid program. And importantly, we also added 2 new 
EV customers in Q4. So at the end of FY26, we have 67 EV programs across 35 
customers. 37 of them are already in production, and 30 are yet to enter 
production, which gives us a healthy pipeline for future growth.  
Slide 10: 
Now, let me spend a minute on the new wind because they're directionally 
important. The amounts may not be very large, but directionally, they're a 
very good signal.  
First, we added a new European customer for differential gears for their EV 
program in North America. Second, we won an order for EV differential 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
assemblies, from a luxury PV OEM in Europe. Third, we received a new order 
from an existing European OEM. This is for hybrid differential assemblies. And 
fourthly, here we supply to a tier 1, where this EV differential assemblies 
program is in India, which will supply to both Indian and European OEMs. It's 
a shared program, and both of them are existing customers of Sona Comstar.  
Now these wins matter, I would say beyond the numbers because they show 
that our business development efforts are bearing fruit, especially in Europe, 
and across powertrains, EVs and hybrids, and across geographies, Europe, 
North America, India. And this is exactly the kind of diversified growth platform 
that we've been trying to build for the last decade.  
Slide 12: 
So this is obviously our scorecard at the end of the year on how we have 
done in business development. If you remember, in Q2, we had done a 
significant correction to the order book because of one particular model. 
Despite that, we have ended FY26 with fairly similar last year levels, and this is 
despite the growth we've achieved during the year.  
During the year, we won 31 new programs and added 3 new customers, 
which, of course, validates our relevance in the broader automotive as well 
as the EV ecosystem. 
Slide 13: 
Coming to the order book, I've covered the EV programs already, and I also 
wanted to highlight the non-EV wins because there were quite a few. So in 
Q4, we won 7 Non-EV differential gear programs, and all of them from existing 
customers, which totaled ₹3 billion addition to the orderbook. The remaining 
order wins came from either segments like starter motors and railways,  
Basically, the order momentum is broad-based. It is across powertrains, across 
geographies, and across customer types. So at the end of Q4 FY26, our net 
order book stands at 237 billion, with EVs accounting for 70% of the 
orderbook. 
Slide 15: 
Moving to a fourth priority, which is diversification. And we made, I'd say 
meaningful progress here. When I wrote about the Look East strategy in the 
annual report, it wasn't just words or a long-term theme that would play out 
over years. It was a statement of deliberate effort to broaden our focus as 
well as footprint in new geographies, and you can see that the results are 
already visible. Eastern markets contribute 60% of revenues in Q4 compared 
to 40% in the same quarter last year. This also proves that we can diversify 
without compromising on growth or margins.  
And the same trend is visible on the product side. So one takeaway that I will 
give you, last year, our top 4 products contributed 86% of our revenue. This 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
year, the same 86% of revenues is actually spread across top eight products, 
so double the number of products to consume the same percentage of 
revenue, which means the revenue base is becoming broader and less 
dependent on a few products. If you look at the product growth story, it was 
fairly encouraging. Sequentially, the fastest growth came from traction and 
suspension motors, followed by differential assemblies and differential gears. 
And it's always good to see our newer products getting scale, but it's very 
heartening to see our old horses, our legacy products, which are differential 
gears and differential assemblies, continuing to keep growing and keeping 
pace with our new products.  
The market segment analysis is broadly the same as that at the end of nine-
months.  
So with this, I'll turn to our group CTO Praveen, to update us on the technology 
roadmap. Over to you, Praveen. 
Praveen Rao: 
Thank you, Vivek. Welcome, everyone.  
Slide 17:  
 
The year began with a significant enhancement to our product portfolio with 
the addition of railway products to the roadmap. This also marked a 
significant step in our journey to diversify from pure automotive space to 
being a player in the wider, fast-growing mobility space.  
 
It has also added capability in domains such as brakes, suspensions, 
couplers, and railway electronic systems. Our foray into other mobility 
domains was further strengthened with an MoU with the Neura robotics of 
Germany. This has truly opened opportunities in the space of cognitive 
robotics, AMRs, and humanoids. On ADAS front, we are progressing well on 
industrializing our first ever in-cabin radar solution for our passenger car 
application. Likewise, we are in the advanced stage of development of 
exterior radar solutions that can support Indian commercial vehicles in 
meeting the upcoming ADAS regulations.  
 
We continue to commercialize new products. The latest addition in the 4th 
quarter being electric control panel and HVAC systems for railways. Both 
these products demonstrate our strong capability in design, development, 
and commercializing complex electronics, electromechanical, and 
electropneumatic systems. Including the hydraulic motor controller that we 
announced earlier, this year we commercialized 3 new products.  
 
In summary, we at Sona Costar continue to innovate, strengthen our 
roadmap, align with rapidly changing market conditions and continue to 
provide value to customers, be it components, subsystems, or full systems.  
 
With this, I turn to our group CFO Rohit to update us on financials. Over to 
you, Rohit. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you, Praveen. A very good day to you all. It's my pleasure to present 
our fourth quarter and full year results for the financial year 26 to you.  
Slide 19: 
 
Our revenue for the quarter was 1,272 crores, which is a 47% growth over the 
same quarter last year. BEV revenue was 359 crores, which is 22% growth over 
fourth quarter, and it was 39% of our automotive revenue.  
 
EBITDA for the quarter was 311 crores, which is a growth of 32%. The EBITDA 
margin was 24.4%, which is lower by 2.7% compared to the same quarter last 
year. In this, there is a base effect of 1.9% due to fully PLI income accrued in 
the fourth quarter. Balance 0.8% impact is due to product mix and 
commodity price inflation.  
 
Profit after tax was 192 crores, which is a growth of 17% over last year. PAT 
margin was 14.7%, which is lower by 4.1% compared to last year. Of this 4.1%, 
nearly half was due to lower EBITDA. There was a 3.4% effect, because of 
lower net finance income due to deployment of funds in railway business 
during the year. And then there was a net positive impact from lower 
depreciation and higher tax, close to about 1.3%.  
Slide 20: 
 
Coming to the full year performance, our, full year revenue was 4,475 crores, 
which is a 26% growth over FY 25. BEV revenue was 1,154 crores, which was 
35% of our automotive revenue, but it was lower by 6% compared to the 
previous year.  
 
EBITDA for the year was 1,107 crores, which is a 13% growth. Margin was 
24.7%, which is lower by 2.7% compared to the same period last year, and 
that's mainly on account of change in product mix and then to some extent, 
higher fixed costs.  
 
Profit after tax for the year had a one-time impact of 30 crores after tax from 
the new labor code. Adjusted for this one-time exceptional cost, our PAT was 
higher by 11% at 670 crores. Adjusted PAT margin is lower by 2.2%. That's 
mainly due to lower EBITDA margin and lower net finance income.  
Slide 21: 
 
Coming to the cash flows, during the year, we generated 659 crores of cash 
from operations. Net of capex spend of 369 crores, we generated 290 crores 
as free cash flows. Apart from these other major cash movements include 
nearly 1,800 crores of aggregate amount which we used for purchase of 
railway business, additional land that we purchased for about 110 crores, 
and there was a payment for the last tranche of acquisition of Novelic 
shareholding.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
 
Besides this, we distributed about 200 crores as dividend to the shareholders. 
And we added some short-term borrowings of about 226 crores and 86 
crores of interest income. These were positive cash inflows. As a result of all 
these items, we ended the year with cash and investments of 1,269 crores. 
Slide 22: 
 
This brings us to the last slide on the key ratios. As I had explained in the last 
two quarters also, the newly purchased railway business has a different cost 
structure, and even the working capital cycle is also structured differently. 
This has flown through some of our key ratios in this year, and, that is why you 
see a dip in some of the ratios, namely value addition over employee cost 
and working capital turnover ratios.  
 
In case of return on capital employed, this has come down mainly due to 
the fresh equity which we raised in September of 2024. We expect it to start 
improving over the medium term as only part of the capital has been 
deployed so far. In case of return on equity, it has already started to improve 
if you compare it with the previous two quarters, as the deployment of 
capital in the railway business continues to bring an incremental positive 
impact over finance income which is substituted in the P&L account. Fixed 
asset to turnover ratio has dropped this year to 2.9. That's primarily because 
of the new capitalization and purchase of land that we've done this year.  
However, we expect it to also start improving as the new CAPEX done in this 
year will start to generate revenue in the following financial year.  
 
That would be all from me. So we have come to the end of our earnings 
presentation. I'll now hand over the floor back to the Nomura team. 
Moderator:  
We will now open the floor for Q&A session. If you wish to raise questions, 
please use the raise hand function located at the bottom right of the Webex 
page. We will unmute your line and prompt you to speak, or you may submit 
your questions via Q&A chatbox addressing all panelists. Please be reminded 
to keep your questions to a maximum of 2 questions. If you have more 
questions, please return to the queue. Thank you.  
 
We have a question from Jay Kale. Jay, you can go ahead. Jay, you can go 
ahead, please. We will move on to the next question from Aditya Jhawar. 
Aditya Jhawar:  
Good Evening everyone. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions 
from my side. In the previous call, we talked about the bankruptcy of some 
of the peers in Europe, and we understood that the largest company was 
acquired by somebody. If you can throw some light on that, how are we 
seeing the situation? Is there any opportunity that we are seeing from the 
remaining two companies? That is my first question. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so that some of that has already started flowing in. You saw some of 
the new wins. The other one, which is the 3rd asset which has been acquired 
by somebody, obviously we can't comment on that and how they will do in 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
the future is up to them. Our conversations will be with the customers directly 
and whatever opportunities come, we will keep reporting, as and when we 
win. But overall, I don't think it is a material change in the opportunity set that 
Europe presents for us. I think it'll still be a fairly a good place to win a lot of 
business over the next 12 months or so.  
Aditya Jhawar:  
Oh, that's, uh, that's good to know. The second question is on Novelic. We 
understand that they are setting up, you know, manufacturing in Tamil Nadu. 
So, how is, you know, progress, in terms of engagement with customers? Any 
sense you can give of what could be the potential kit value? And in the past, 
you had indicated that you'll be also, you know, interacting, you know, 
targeting US and Europe initially with Novelic. So, you know, which 
geographies are we targeting, any update on that?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure. So, on the manufacturing and production thing, I can have Sat answer 
that. On the overall opportunities, Europe continues to look good because 
next year is when in-cabin safety has to be part of getting the NCAP 
certification. So it was moved by a year. So what would have been great if it 
was 2026, now that's moved to 27. So that's on plan. What they're doing in 
India, Sat, if you are there, you can fill Aditya on.  
Sat Mohan Gupta: 
Yeah, Aditya, I mean, for Novelic India, we have set up the entity in India and 
we have started the launch process for one of the customers. The SOP is 
going to be end of this year. the lines are already set up, because it's a sensor 
assembly unit. So we have an SMT line in-house and we'll be using that SMT 
line. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Any sense on, you know, kit value or the quantum, I mean, just ballpark, how 
should we think about the ramp up? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
As you know, we don't use the phrase kit value because to be honest, I don't 
understand it. I don't understand what it is there. I mean, we supply a sensor, 
that is the part, second, giving away pricing information is a competitive 
disadvantage.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Fair enough. Fair enough. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
And before you go, for all those on the call, I think Aditya in Investec has 
launched a pretty good initiative. So if you have children between the ages 
of 12 to 18, he's organizing a trip to China to see the automotive ecosystems, 
see robotics. If you have the time, please do take them. I think children of 
India needs to look at what's going on in the rest of the world because we do 
need technology in this country. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Yeah, the next question is from uh Vijay Pandey. Vijay you can go ahead. I 
think he got disconnected, so we will take the next question from Amyn Pirani. 
Amyn you can go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Amyn Pirani: 
Hi, sorry, am I audible because I had some issues. OK, yeah, thanks for the 
opportunity. Actually, my question is something that we had discussed, you 
know, a few quarters back, while in Europe the EV, you know, penetration 
continues to rise, I think part of the EV opportunity, I think you will agree, is also 
a Chinese OEM opportunity because the Chinese are gaining market share 
in Europe. So, while we're winning orders from the European OEMs and which 
is obviously, you know, great, any updated thoughts on how we approach 
the China opportunity, not just in China, but even outside of China, which is 
becoming bigger and, and more important for the Chinese OEMs 
themselves. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It's a good question, Amyn. It is a question that we frequently ask ourselves. 
The only way to grow will be for now, with the customer. So if you do know 
we supply to one large, Chinese EV customer. So we are in the parts that 
obviously they sell domestically, but also the ones they export. What is a 
constraint right now is that unless they move production entirely to either 
Europe or North America, they will continue to rely on the Chinese supply 
chain and that is much harder to get into. So let's see how it evolves, so if you 
go back into history and look at the 70s model when Japan was just exporting 
their cars, what is happening today with China has happened before. Japan 
did that the first time and then because of the geopolitical reasons, 
protectionist policies, they had to shift production to the countries in which 
they were selling. Only then did opportunities for local suppliers actually come 
about. So it will take a bit of time. So the surest ways to get in, in the China for 
China supply chain for the current model over time, as these guys set up in 
Europe or the US, then we will be competitive because of duty reasons. In the 
China for China supply chain, it is harder to do right now.  
Amyn Pirani:  
OK, thanks for that. And, any update on how is the tariff situation now 
because obviously there was a deal and then there was a Supreme Court 
decision and now all of this is happening. So, what is the latest on what is the 
tariff, if at all, and have things changed, improved, remained the same, you 
know, any, any update on that?   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  You know, this is a question a lot of people will not know the answer to. But 
Section 232, which covers a large part of what we export, continues to 
remain the same. The Supreme Court ruling did not have a bearing on 
Section 232 because that's under another National Emergency Act which the 
Supreme Court did not actually pass any judgment on. The remainder has 
obviously become easier, and the tariffs have become lower because the 
country's tariffs are kind of gone. But that again, if my answer, I mean, is the 
same I gave in Q1 of last year, which is tariffs are paid by importers and not 
by exporters.  
So, importers have to figure out what that tariff is, and if the Section 232 tariffs 
are 25% for everybody, which is what the case is. Then you are not worse off 
or better than before. As long as our pricing or tariffs are lesser than China, it 
is a good thing. Second, there is a 5 year, I think almost, concession given to 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
OEMs with a certain percentage of domestic value addition in the US to claim 
back the tariff impacts. So you would be more or less covered within that.  
It is the end of the year and our revenue hasn't materially come down from 
the US at all, nor have margins. I know there were a couple of analysts who 
wrote that our EBITDA will drop from 25% to 12.5%, etc. etc. on 8th April. But 
as most things hastily done are, it was a half-baked and uninformed analysis. 
It doesn't work that way. Things are usually binary decisions. They either 
happen or not. Now that the whole year is gone, you can see what the real 
impact is.  
The secondary impact that I alluded to one year back, that it will have an 
impact on demand. Because it is, after all, inflationary in nature, right? All 
tariffs are inflationary. Prices go up, demand will go down, and you can see 
the SAR that they talk about, full year car sale number is between, now 16 to 
16.5 million; one million cars have been lost due to this inflationary impact. 
And that unfortunately, everybody who supplies to that market will suffer from 
it. 
Amyn Pirani:  
Yeah, yeah. Understood.  
Moderator:  
We have the next question from Jay Kale.  
Jay Kale:  
Am I audible? Yeah, thank you. Thanks for taking my question. so my first 
question is regarding the BEV commentary. You know, 3-4 months back, we 
had seen major global OEMs taking huge write-downs on their global EV 
investments. and then, of course, in the last 2-3 months, we've seen, in a new, 
revival of this category. You as a supplier, you know, what are your mitigation 
strategies given that you know, even today, global OEMs are talking of 
monitoring the situation based on the West Asian crisis to really go all out and 
say that this is a sustained demand momentum coming back. So, you know, 
when the customers are not able to project long term trends, you as suppliers, 
how would you allocate capital to these businesses and mitigate either not 
underinvesting or overinvesting in this category, well, you know, going ahead.   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So Jay, one fundamental, I would say, input is this that write-downs, which are 
balance sheet write-downs of prior investments, have really no bearing on 
suppliers. Because if you have invested something in R&D or Capex, and now 
you're taking a write-off, how will that impact the number of parts you have 
bought from us or not? Does it affect demand if a model is discontinued? Of 
course, it does. Last year, we saw the full impact of that, right? We lost 300 
crore from one customer alone. And that can happen, but does it happen 
frequently? Not really.  
Second is, what is the level of abstraction you're at? So if you apply the same 
product you produce, you supply to multiple customers, you are far more de-
risk if you do it across geographies also, your de-risking is even higher. But I, I 
don't even think, I mean, two quarters back when the pessimism was at the 
peak would be the right time to ask this question. Now Jay, the tide is shifting, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
very fast and in the opposite direction, I would say. I don't think there is much 
concern we have.  
But on your second question in capital allocation. As much as you can try to 
invest in fungible capex, that same capex can be used for producing parts 
for another customer. This is a problem that happens when lines or 
investments are so specific that they can only be used for one model of one 
carmaker. Those are the ones where capital allocation becomes very, very 
tricky. So if you put capacity, like we have, for example, for traction motors, 
we have a million electric motor capacity overall. More or less that with a little 
bit of tweaks, you can use it across customers. So as long as overall 
electrification continues to progress, that decision will bear fruit. And that is 
why one fungibility of Capex, second, diversification of customer and 
program base. These are the two things one can do as a supplier.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from Nitin Arora. Nitin, you can go ahead.   
Nitin Arora:  
Thank you for taking my question. The first question is on, a product of, what 
we have is suspension motors. If you can talk about that, how is that 
progressing, with respect to specific, I think China launch was there and how 
big, you know, you're looking to cross-sell, let's say, in this reset, which you 
talked about in Europe or in any other areas, how big opportunity this can 
become to you. That's my first question. And second, on the Railway Business, 
how are we looking at growth next year, you know, if you can talk about that.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure. So, first question, I would let Sat answer, but my one-liner is suspension 
motor is going to be the fastest growing business by far. I mean, triple-digit 
growth is not really common. So it has also got the advantage of a small base, 
but it will be very, very good because the customer we supply to their model 
has had an amazing launch and the product, performance and the product 
acceptance is genuinely overwhelmingly good, but Sat over to you on 
suspension motors.   
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Sure, Vivek. I mean, we launched the suspension motor last year and though, 
I mean, it was on, on one of the models of the customer during the year, the 
vehicle has done very well. And, so the customer has now launched their 
other premium model, and the volumes are going very good, and the 
product is perceived, both in China and the rest of the world, with a very 
good quality ratings and also with the performance of the motor and the 
complete system. So, the opportunity is high. I mean, we are looking at a very 
high volume, as Vivek said, I mean, 3 to 4 times growth compared to last year. 
The acceptance of the product, in China market as well as, it's being 
perceived in the European market also. So, our end customer is working with 
other OEMs in Europe, and it is wide acceptability in the automotive sector.   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, so Nitin, hard to say because it's so high that it's hard to put a number 
on it. It could be a very big material part of our revenue. I mean, this year, at 
the end of this year, it'll still be single digit.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Next year, maybe it even touches double digits, that's, that's the amount of 
growth you can have in that product. But it depends a lot on where the next 
customer is, and the ability of our customer, Clear Motion, to win the next 
customer. And on railways, obviously, Amit will answer that question. 
Amit Mishra:  
Hi Nitin, you know, we don't give guidance on growth, for, say, year by year, 
so. I will look at more like the next 3 to 5 years where we see growth coming 
from railways. There are multiple levers.  
First is, even today there is more demand than what we are servicing. So first 
is by improving our own process improvement, working with the supply chain, 
we can do more than what we are doing.  
Second, there are gaps, white spaces, even in our existing products. So we 
talk about brakes, couplers, suspension, but even there, there are white 
spaces. We are not covering every subsegment and every part of these 
systems. So, we are working on them. We don't call them a new product 
when we talk about new products, but we are working on variants to cover 
new types of rolling stocks where we are not present today. I think that will be 
the second major driver. So in the next 3 years, I think these two, I think will be 
the major drivers when we're looking at 3 to 5 years. There are new products 
which are also, we are bringing them to the market. We are getting approval 
this quarter. We announced HVAC and electric panels.  
There are other products where we are developing and we believe those 
products will become significant drivers in 3 to 5 years. So for the next 5 years, 
I think these are what we have identified as growth opportunities.  
One, to improve supplies, improve capacities at our end. Second is, filling 
white space within brakes, couplers, and suspension. And then the new 
products, I think they will become significant drivers in 3 years' time. But 
overall, we are confident about good, healthy growth over the next 5 years 
in the railway business based on products which are already under 
development and not counting any other products that we may add in 
future.  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Amit. Nitin anything else?   
Nitin Arora:  
 
Thank you. Thank you, team. Thanks a lot, team, for the answers. Thanks a lot.   
Moderator:  
 
The next question is from Gunjan. Gunjan, please go ahead.    
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Just a quick follow-up from my side. I think just continuing on the railways 
question that Nitin asked. Amit, can you quantify the market size of some of 
these new products that you mentioned, added in this quarter as well as the 
last quarter, I think electric control panel, HVAC, etc. Any idea on the market 
sizing for these products?   
Amit Mishra:  
Yes, see, HVAC, and electric panels both are large segments or large 
markets. HVAC is about between 2,000 to 2,500 crore market size, and 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
electric panel is also about 1,500 crore. So in the context of the size of our 
railway business, these are two large segments. But then this is covering all 
types of rolling stock. So both electric panels and HVAC have applications 
from locomotives, passenger coaches, train sets as well as in the metro. 
Today, we have made a start. We have entered these segments.  
In electric panels, it will take us 12 to 15 months to cover all types of rolling 
stock because our development is more advanced. In HVAC, it will take at 
least 3 years for us to cover all types of rolling stock, especially in the segments 
where we want to play, because the approval cycles are very long, field trials 
are much longer there.  
So, yeah, the market opportunity is very large, but it takes about 18 months 
to 3 years between two products to cover the entire range of rolling stocks. 
And that's why in the answer to the question that was asked by Nitin, I said, 
new products will become a meaningful driver from 3rd year onwards. In the 
next 2 years, there will be more operational improvement as well as our 
existing products where we are trying to fill some white spaces.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
OK, got it. useful. And, just the second question, you know, is on the 
commodity impact that we saw in this quarter, about 80 basis points. Is it more 
to do with the lag in the pass through to the customer, and we should see this 
normalizing, or is you know, how do we think about it, or is it, you know, the, 
some of the commodities are elevated like energy costs, etc. have also gone 
up. Is that something that we absorb for now and, you know, we'll wait when 
it sort of normalizes. So what, how do we think about the commodity cost, 
going ahead? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Sure, but Gunjan, it's not 80 bps for a commodity. 80 bps is a commodity and 
product mix. And as you know, the traction motor has been the highest 
growth driver where the margins are lower. So my bet, I don't have a breakup. 
Rohit can answer better, but majority of the 80 bps would be product mix-
related, not commodity-related. But Rohit. If you can answer last quarter, or 
what would it look like this year?   
Rohit Nanda:  
So, Gunjan, this 80 bps is actually almost half for the mix and half for the 
commodity prices, and, you're right, most of this would be, for the material 
price, and, that is a pass-through with a lag, so it is largely because of the lag 
effect. but you also have to recognize that the commodity prices continue 
to trend up, so it's not as if, you know, this has stopped. So, if the prices stabilize 
this, I think, commodity price inflation, margin impact, and you also know 
there is a numerator denominator effect also wherein the percentage margin 
gets impacted. So to that extent, you know, historically, also, since you've also 
been tracking the company now for a fairly long time, you've seen that in a 
commodity inflationary cycle, the percentage margin tends to sort of take a 
dip, and absolute margin may not get impacted. So I think, until we have 
commodity price inflation, you will see this impact one way or the other.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
OK, got it. No, that's helpful. And just coming back to on, on the, on the 
traction motor, sorry, this is the last question. On the traction motor, is there 
any change in the business pipeline you're seeing because of the whole, you 
know, the, the noise around EV seeing more, you know, more favorable 
policy support from the government and in that sense, OEMs trying to build 
more around it. Is there any pipeline change that you're noticing in the 
traction motor? And how would you sort of, you know, talk about the growth 
in traction motors over the next 2 or 3 years? Like you said, suspension will be 
the fastest growth.   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  The traction motor will be the second fastest because it already has a decent 
base. It's almost 10% of our revenue now. The suspension motor is smaller, 
hence, it will have triple-digit growth rates. This will have high double-digit 
growth rates, actually, maybe, yeah, very high double-digit growth rates for 
some time. The reason is this, and Gunjan, I'll just like to replace one word, not 
the noise, the signal around electrification.  
So one is where we are already there on the programs, the volumes are going 
up. I would say slightly more than what we had assumed, on existing 
programs, and we are obviously seeing new inquiries, so it's both. Policy-wise, 
also, Gunjan, I think there is a growing concern in the government. As you 
know, our country, if you look at all industries, I'm not talking about 
automotive, it's about 80/20 that 80% is petrochemical based or oil and gas-
based energy, and 20% alone is electrification.  
There is a very high need for electrification to increase from 20% to cover, and 
I'm talking across not just automotive. And I think you should see over the next 
18 months, a lot more policy push to reduce our country's oil and gas 
exposure. This is also the reason the currency remains weak. So there is a very, 
very high realization of how this dependence is bad for us. And a lot of work 
should happen in the next 18 months from the policy side. The consumer 
demand side also, I expect that, as more and more people realize that the 
TCO in an inflated diesel and petrol price environment, the TCO is so much 
better for electric vehicles, especially if they are for any economic use, if it's 
used as an economic asset. So 3 wheelers, delivery, two-wheelers, electric 
LCVs, buses, I think the pace of electrification is going to go up significantly.  
Gunjan Prithyani:  
OK. Got it. No, this is helpful. Thank you so much. I'll join back the queue. 
Kapil Singh:  
Vivek, we have some questions in the chat box, so I'll just read out a few of 
them. So one is, how is Sona progressing on rare earth magnets? Maybe you 
can give us an update on the whole situation.   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, no update as of now as you know, there is a policy that has been 
released by the government. And when we have anything that is material 
and reportable, we will report it. For now, we do not use any heavy rare earth 
magnets in any of our products. So that's where we are as of today.   

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
Kapil Singh:  
OK. On the order book, there is a question, what proportion has clear volume 
visibility and pricing stability over the next 2 to 3 years? And how should we 
think about conversions into steady revenues and margins as these programs 
ramp up?   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  100% has volume visibility and pricing stability, but, it is just impossible to 
answer how volatility will affect the next 2 or 3 years. So, as you know, in our 
industry, there's no such thing as firm commitment. Volumes are indicative 
volumes only. You take your calls. So when we put orders in the order book, 
we take a call on how much to discount the volume projection given by the 
customer. We have been doing this for a while, so we do have a fair idea of, 
you know, how much, to adjust by.  
But then there are years like the COVID year and semiconductor chip crisis 
year. Right now there is, frankly an EV and going back to Gunjan's previous 
question, we don't have a demand problem actually. We have a problem or 
our, well, not we are customers. They are not able to produce enough to 
supply the demand right now, and it is not because of us. It is because of 
weaknesses in the supply chain where certain suppliers are finding it hard to 
ramp up that quickly. So this works both ways, that there are orders in the 
order book which when eventually converted will be far higher, and there 
are some which will be lower, but over time It pans out, and it is pretty much 
around that same number.  
Kapil Singh:  
OK. One more question is on the railways. How should we think about steady-
state asset terms, margins, ROC versus your core EV business? And will this 
growth structurally improve or dilute overall returns? 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  It will improve returns because from a return perspective, they're very, very 
high return, businesses. It may be slightly diluted on margins, but return-wise, 
it will be much higher.   
Kapil Singh:  
OK. then this question is on BYD. Have you tracked the recent decline in BYD 
sales following removal of EV purchase tax exemptions? Automakers that 
build their strategies around budget, PHEVs and BEVs seem to be hit hardest. 
Given that 70% of Sona's order book consists of BEVs and PHEVs, do you view 
this Shifting subsidy landscape as a structural risk. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Short answer, no, because most of these orders are already in geographies 
where there are little to no subsidies. US, Europe, India also, I think subsidies 
are almost on their way out almost. So, Yeah, not, not really, is the answer. I 
don't know. Rohit do you want to add, because I don't know what to say in 
this one. Actually, I think this is more if we had a huge exposure to China or 
one particular guy or something, but we don't, and I It isn't, I think, pertinent. 
Kapil Singh:  
OK. And then cash on books, is there any M&A potential in pipeline?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Nothing that has reached a stage which is worth sharing or reportable. We 
are always evaluating M&A opportunities at any given time. Over the last 3 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
years, we would have evaluated over 100 opportunities and frankly acted on 
one. So that process is always going on. Of course, having cash means that 
yes, we are always looking very, very aggressively with focus or opportunities 
that could add to us. But that doesn't also mean that if you just have cash, 
you do M&A just for the sake of deploying capital, because that kind of 
pressure, as I mentioned before, that anything done hastily and without 
prudence does lead to bad results. So no, we have cash, but it's not to burn. 
It is very hard earned cash, it's shareholders' cash. It is our duty as a responsible 
company to deploy it only when we get an opportunity that is amazing and 
process all four of our filters that we have already spoken about.  
Whatever we put in, we must be able to be confident that the product will 
last for the next 15 years. Second, whatever we do, we must be able to take 
the top 5 positions in that category. If not, it's not worth doing. Third, we should 
make good money and good financial returns from doing so. And fourth, that 
it should be good for humanity. If all these 4 conditions are done, only then 
do we even consider an opportunity.  
Kapil Singh:  
OK, is the worst of commodity pressure behind or should we anticipate 
increasing pressure before pass-through happens and margins improve or 
stabilize?   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  That is a multi-trillion dollar question, in some sense, because if you can figure 
out when the war will end and when oil and gas and all these things will go 
back to normal, yeah, you'll be far more wise than I am. I have no idea. 
Kapil Singh:  
Vivek, on this front, you know, we have historically talked about 24 to 26% 
margins. So, would you like to give an update on that? Are we comfortable 
with that band?   
Vivek Vikram Singh:  No, I'm not. We had already said that it will be 23 to 25% after the railway 
acquisition. So that is the band. 24 to 26% is the band prior when we, the core 
business. I think now it is 23 to 25%, and that, I think we can say we should be 
able to continue being in that band.   
Kapil Singh: 
OK. Great. How are things shaping up on the non-automotive front apart 
from railways? When will we see any developments on robotics and EVTOLs?  
Vivek Vikram Singh:  So development soon, but if the question is, when will you see meaningful 
revenue, assume if your investment horizon is less than 3 years, none of this 
has any meaning for you as an investor. It will only come after. If we can go 
back in time, I think 2021 is when we announced, Sat it was 2021 when we 
won the suspension mode order, right?  
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Yes 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Now, 2026 is the first year that it will be in hundreds of crores. So it takes 4 to 5 
years for anything which is a new product, and if you're doing it organically, 
to actually get there. Usually, first 0 to 3 years, you don't actually earn any 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q4 FY26 Earnings Call    
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
money, you actually spend more money than you earn. Year 4, you start 
making some money. Your first bit of revenue starts trickling in, which was the 
last calendar year for suspension mode. And then you get to hundreds of 
crores, and if God is kind and your job is good, and you've made a good 
product, then you get to the thousands of crores. The same thing happened 
with EV differential assembly. We started in 2016. Until 2018, I don't think we 
made meaningful money. 2019 started becoming meaningful, and now it's, 
as you know, uh, fairly meaningful. That's the trajectory any new product 
development cycle will take. I think Amit also answered when he was asked 
about HVAC and electric control panels. It is a 3-year cycle. It is not magic 
that we make something and then immediately we start selling it because 
our process is B2B. Second, we make safety critical or mission critical parts 
that have very long testing and safety cycles, and we are not in a rush to cut 
back just for financial gains and actually endanger our reputation, our trust 
that has been built over decades. So we will always play it this way. But 
developments you will keep hearing, as and when we develop, you will see 
the progress that we are making on each of those fronts.  
Kapil Singh:  
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question, that we had, on behalf of 
Nomura, I thank all of you for joining this call and, to the team of Sona 
Comstar for giving us this opportunity to host you. Sneha we can close the 
call. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thanks, Kapil. We will now conclude this call. If you have any follow-up 
questions, please feel free to email your Nomura sales representative or 
corporate access team. Thank you so much. Thank you everyone for your 
time. You may now drop off the line. Thank you.  
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
