 
 
 
 
 
 
Corp. Off.: Galaxy, Floors: 22-24, Plot No.1, Survey No.83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City, Raidurg Panmaktha, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad – 500 032, Telangana, India.  
Tel : +91 40 6672 5000 / 6672 1200 Fax: +91 40 6707 4044. 
 
Regd. off.: Plot No. 2, Maithrivihar, Ameerpet, Hyderabad - 500 038, Telangana, India  Tel: +91 40 2373 6370/ 2374 7340 Fax: +91 40 2374 1080 / 2374 6833 
Email: info@aurobindo.com     Website: www.aurobindo.com  
May 27, 2026 
 
To 
Listing Department, 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI -400 051 
 
Company Code No. AUROPHARMA 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department 
BSE LIMITED 
Phiroz  Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
25th floor, Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI -400 001 
 
Company Code No. 524804 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4FY26 earnings call.  
 
Please refer to our letter dated May 14, 2026, wherein we intimated the schedule of Earnings call on May 22, 
2026. We are attaching herewith the transcript of the said earnings call on the Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the fourth quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 and the same is being uploaded on the website 
of the Company and is available at the following web link.  
 
https://www.aurobindo.com/investors/disclosures-under-regulation-46/investor-meet/conference-call-
transcripts/  
 
Please take the information on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For AUROBINDO PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
 
B. Adi Reddy  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Digitally signed by ADI REDDY BADDIGAM 
Date: 2026.05.27 17:47:02 +05'30'

 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
22 May 2026 
 
 
 
Dr. Satakarni Makkapati – CEO of Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines and Peptide 
Businesses & Director of Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala – CEO of Eugia Pharma Specialties Limited 
 
Mr. Swami Iyer - CEO, Aurobindo Pharma, USA 
 
Mr. V. Muralidharan – CEO, Europe Formulations Business 
 
Mr. S. Subramanian - Chief Financial Officer, Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
 
Mr. Varun Mali – Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Team 
 
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aurobindo Pharma's Earnings 
Conference Call for fourth quarter FY26. Please note all participants' lines will be in ‘Listen-
only’ mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after management's 
opening remarks.  Should you need any assistance during the conference call, please raise 
your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen. 
 
Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Varun 
Mali. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
 
Varun Mali: Thank you, Vandit. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our 
fourth quarter FY26 and full year FY26 Earnings Call. I am Varun Mali from the Investor 
Relations and Corporate Communications team. We hope you have received the Q4 FY26 
financials and the press release that was sent out yesterday. These are also available on our 
website. 
 
I would now like to introduce our senior management who is on the call with us today, 
represented by: 
 
• Dr. Satakarni Makkapati, CEO - Aurobindo Biosimilars, Vaccines, Peptides Businesses 
and Director - Aurobindo Pharma Limited. 
• Mr. Yugandhar Puvvala, CEO, Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited. 
• Mr. Swami Iyer, CEO, Aurobindo Pharma, USA. 
• Mr. V. Muralidharan, CEO, Europe Formulations Business. 
• Mr. S. Subramanian, CFO, Aurobindo Pharma Limited. 
 
We have also requested Dr. Ashish Anvekar to join us for any questions related to Acrotech 
Biopharma, USA. 
 
We will now begin the call with the summary highlights from the management followed by 
an interactive Q&A session. Please note that some of the matters we will discuss today are 
forward-looking, including and without limitations, statements relating to the 
implementation of strategic actions and other affirmations on our future business, business 
development and commercial performance. While these forward-looking statements 
exemplify a judgment and future expectations concerning the development of a business, a 
number of risks, uncertainties, and other important factors which may cause developments 
and results to vary materially from our expectations. Aurobindo Pharma Limited undertakes 
no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect in future events or 
circumstances. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO for the business highlights. Over to you, 
Sir. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
3 
 
S. Subramanian: Thank you, Varun. Good morning and a warm welcome to our Q4 FY26 
Earnings Call. I am pleased to begin the call by sharing that the company has delivered an 
excellent quarter and a strong financial year, underpinned by sustained growth and 
reflected in our highest-ever revenues and highest-ever EBITDA, both quarterly and 
annually. 
 
• 
For FY26, revenues stood at ₹33,653 crores, while EBITDA came in at ₹6,856 crores, 
translating into a healthy EBITDA margin of 20.4%, which is in line with the revenue 
as well as EBITDA gainer for FY26, supported by favourable product-business mix and 
other factors. 
• 
For Q4 FY26, revenues were ₹8,853 crores and EBITDA stood at ₹1,801 crores, 
resulting in a robust margin of 20.3%. 
 
During both the quarter and financial year, we witnessed good performance across our 
businesses, primarily driven by stable volumes, new product launches and sustained 
momentum in regulated markets supported by pricing conditions.  
 
Despite insignificant Revlimid product sales compared to Q4 FY25, EBITDA before Forex 
remained flat year-on-year growth and grew by 2% on quarter to ₹1,801 crores. 
 
• Net profit increased by 2% year-on-year to ₹921 crores. 
• For the full year FY26, the revenue grew by 6% year-on-year to ₹33,653 crores. 
• Ex-gRevlimid, our full-year revenue growth was 9.5%  
• For Q4 year-on-year ex- gRevlimid growth was 15.3%. In USD terms, it was 7%. 
• Gross contribution also reached the highest ever absolute level of ₹20,165 crores, 
reflecting a margin of 60%, that is an improvement of around 100 bps. 
• The EBITDA before Forex and other earnings grew by 4% year-on-year to ₹6,856 
crores. 
 
Business Highlights. Let me now take you through the business highlights. 
 
• Formulation business: Formulation business for the quarter witnessed a growth of 5% 
year-on-year to ₹7,646 crores and contributed around 86% of the total revenue. The 
revenues are mainly supported by growth across the markets. 
 
• API Business: For the quarter, API business contributed around 14% and revenues 
improved by 25% quarter-on-quarter to ₹1,208 crores. For the full year, API business 
contributed 12% and crossed the revenue of ₹4,047 crores. 
 
• U.S. formulation: For the quarter, revenue from U.S. formulations remained flat. On 
a constant currency basis, U.S. revenue decreased by 18% year-on-year to $387 
million. This is mainly on account of high gRevlimid sales in Q4 FY25. Our large product 
portfolio helps us to maintain optimally the price stability. Revenue from U.S. 
formulations for the year remained at ₹1,408 crores or $1,631 million, with growth 
primarily impacted by lower gRevlimid. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
4 
 
• Europe: For the quarter, Europe formulations clocked ₹2,795 crores, an increase of 
30% year-on-year. In constant currency terms, the European revenue was €261 million 
against €236 million of Q4 FY25. The growth was driven by robust performance across 
all key European geographies. For the full year, European formulations achieved a 
significant milestone of €1 billion revenue in terms of annual revenues. 
 
• Growth markets: For the quarter, growth markets revenue stood at ₹980 crores with 
a year-on-year growth of 25% and quarter-on-quarter growth of 13%. For the year, 
growth market revenue was increased by 10% to ₹3,499 crores. In U.S. dollar terms, 
revenue grew to $397 million from $376 million in the previous year. 
 
• ARV Business: For the quarter, ARV business revenue increased by 6% year-on-year 
to ₹328 crores or $36 million. For the year, ARV revenue increased by 33% to ₹1,384 
crores or $157 million, driven by continued business opportunities partly offset by 
price increases. 
 
• Specialty and Injectable: For the quarter, global Specialty and Injectable business 
reported a revenue of $122 million. Ex-gRevlimid product sales, the business grew by 
13% year-on-year. For the full year, revenue stood at $513 million. Ex-gRevlimid, 
growth was 12%, mainly due to improved supplies, new product launches partly offset 
by pricing pressures. 
 
Now, going on to Other Highlights. 
 
• The gross contribution stood at the highest ever absolute levels of ₹5,424 crores. 
• Gross margin stood at 61.3%, increased by 153 bps quarter on quarter. 
• R&D expenditure stood at ₹400 crores for the quarter. For the year, R&D expenditure 
stood at ₹1,590 crores, which is 5% of revenue. 
• Net CapEx for the quarter is $82 million and for the year around $341 million, which 
includes capacity enhancement projects and plant expenses and CMO project.  
• Improved profitability coupled with improvement in working capital, the business 
generated a net cash inflow [of $35mn] after payment of purchase consideration of 
Khandelwal Laboratories non-oncology business around $32 million. As a result, the 
net cash position of the investment at the end of March’26 improved to $317 million 
from the net cash position of $276 million in December’25. 
• The average finance cost for the quarter was 5%. 
 
Outlook. As we look ahead, we remain encouraged by the stability across our core 
businesses and the continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our diversified product 
portfolio continues to provide a resilient and balanced earnings profile with no 
disproportionate dependency on any single product or geography. 
 
Coming to the U.S. business, we continue to see multiple growth levers through the 
expansion of base business, new product launches, i.e. topical ointment, ongoing 
acquisition (Lannett), and the expanding pipeline across oral, transdermal and respiratory 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
5 
 
products from our Dayton and Raleigh facilities. With these initiatives, our U.S. business 
is aiming to touch the $2 billion revenue milestone over the near term. 
 
Europe continues to remain a strategic growth engine for the company supported by 
portfolio expansion, improving market penetration, reliable supply capabilities and 
stronger customer relations. We expect the business momentum in the region to remain 
strong going forward. 
 
From a long-term value creation perspective, we continue to focus on improving the 
quality and the predictability of the earnings through balanced mix of scale, specialty and 
operations.  
 
Our biosimilars and biologics CMO strategies continue to progress well and represent 
important long-term growth drivers alongside our core generic franchise.  
 
Geographic expansion across the growth market remains a key strategic priority 
supported by focused launches, portfolio expansion and selective acquisitions. Our China-
OSD facility continues to scale up steadily with increasing approvals and supplies into 
international markets, particularly Europe. 
 
India business is evolving into a new growth engine for the company, further strengthened 
through recent acquisitions, continues to expand through new divisions, wider 
therapeutic presence and deeper pan-India reach.  
 
Our backward integration efforts across Pen-G and 6-APA and Amoxy continue to 
strengthen supply security, reduce import dependency and improve long-term margin 
profile. Based on current operating levels, we expect, annualized production, Pen-G 
production, to exceed 10,000 metric tons with a capacity utilization level exceeding 80% 
at consistent yields. 
 
Overall, these initiative provides us strong visibility on the revenue growth, profitability 
improvement and cashflow generation over the coming years. Going forward, we remain 
focused on disciplined execution, operational excellence, prudent capital allocation and 
sustainable long-term value creation. 
 
FY27 Financial Outlook. We firmly believe that the business is entering into the next phase 
of calibrated and profitable growth with visibility towards stronger revenue [growth]. We 
expect EBITDA margins to sustain and progressively improve to north of 21%, reflecting 
the scale of our operations, execution capabilities and leveraging the new business lever. 
 
That concludes my remarks, we will be happy to take your questions. Thank you.  
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
6 
 
 
 
Question and Answer Session: 
 
Tausif Shaikh: Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, your operating cost 
excluding R&D has increased 11% QoQ and 17% YoY. Can you throw some light on this and 
can you tell us is there any one-off element over here for the quarter?  
 
S. Subramanian: See, the one-off element will always be there in terms of the Year end 
provisions, etc. but that becomes a routine thing. But what is the main factor which has 
increased the cost, is predominantly power and fuel consumption, for the Pen-G plant which 
has taken off very significantly in the last quarter, i.e. the Q4 of this quarter. That is the reason 
why it has increased.  
 
Tausif Shaikh: And we should expect this rate to continue going ahead?  
 
S. Subramanian: Yes, it will continue like this because now what is happening is we are using 
our own 6-APA for our captive consumption. We are not buying it from the imported material 
and because of that our raw material cost will come down and the other expenses goes up. 
That you can see very clearly why our gross margin has also improved by about a percentage. 
 
Tausif Shaikh: Yeah, that is helpful, Sir. My second question, can you tell us how much EBITDA 
loss you have incurred in FY26 from your new projects like Pen-G, Eugia Steriles, Biosimilar 
and China facility? And do you expect most of the projects to turn breakeven in FY27?  
 
S. Subramanian: Yeah, I think if you take Pen-G and 6-APA put together, we have got a 
positive EBITDA contribution last quarter. That is mainly because of the higher operating 
leverage and we have started getting better yields now. We expect this to continue for the 
coming years, year as a whole. 
 
Last year as a whole, we would have incurred around ₹200 crores plus EBITDA loss on account 
of Pen-G and 6-APA (Lyfius & Qule). 
 
And in terms of the China plant also we incurred loss, which is expected to do a profitable 
EBITDA contribution this year.  
 
Tausif Shaikh: Okay, that is helpful. I will get back in the queue.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Damayanti Kerai. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: Yeah, hi. Good morning. My first question is on the US where you 
mentioned you are looking ahead for this $2 billion mark in near term. So, any timeline for 
that?  
 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
7 
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah. So, well, we cannot say any time be it in the near future, probably in the 
next maybe couple of years I would think. You know, our confidence is based on what is going 
on in terms of acquisitions and some of the business opportunities that we have. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. So, directionally you are looking at this $2 billion mark, maybe couple 
of years down the line, not in immediate or medium terms? 
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah. 
 
S. Subramanian: Damayanti, what Swami says, if acquisitions materialize, we may move 
towards that very fast.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. So, on that note, are you on track to close the Lannett deal, as 
indicated earlier?  
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah, we will. Probably, there will be some difference in timing. We will probably 
close by Q2 of the current fiscal. You know, what we did not factor in was the government 
closure for 76 days between February and April. And when the government shuts down, the 
FTC does not function. At least the first time we had some flexibility but the second time it 
was very long and took 76 days. But I think they have largely made up the time. So, there 
could be some delay but I think early Q2 may be a better estimate. We feel fairly confident 
about that.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you. My second question on Europe business. 
So, you have now marked €1 billion milestone there and when we look at the sales in Euro 
term, last two quarters you were somewhere in 261 million range. So, can you directionally 
indicate how things will move up from here? And I understand supply from China will be a big 
contributor, so as we anticipate higher supplies from China how should we look at, say, 27 
from Europe business perspective?  
 
Mr. V. Muralidharan: Yeah. Good morning. Muralidharan here.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: Yeah, hi, Murali. 
 
V. Muralidharan: Hi. Thank you for this query. Yes, having achieved the €1 billion milestone, 
which we have taken up on ourselves as our mission for FY26, we are definitely bullish. We 
are very confident that we will be moving northwards of this base business that we have 
achieved. And contributions from China means already more than 10 products have kicked 
in, in some form or other, whether it is a new launch or tech-transfer products. And, 
progressively, that will increase and contribute to the business. 
 
So, we are quite confident that despite the geopolitical issues we will be growing further on 
the base that has been built. 
 
Damayanti Kerai: So, any indication on the growth rate? Say, we can comfortably target for 
double-digit growth, say low double digit to mid-teens or any number you would like to share? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
8 
 
V. Muralidharan: So, we are definitely trying to achieve the double digit growth. And, of 
course, considering the current geopolitical situations, we have taken it bit conservatively but 
we are confident it will be minimum double digit.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: Sure. Thank you. I have more questions; I will get back in the queue. 
 
V. Muralidharan: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Charul Agarwal. 
 
Charul Agarwal: Hi. Thank you, Sir, for taking my question. My first question is on the CDMO 
unit, Biological CDMO unit. When do we start seeing it commercializing and when do we 
expect the first revenue from the segment?  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Hi. About the CDMO unit, the Unit-1 will be commissioned by end of 
this year. So, my guidance around the first 60 KL capacity installation and commissioning 
remains the same. With the PPQ batches, which are the validation batches Scheduled in 2027, 
and the filings in the markets by the customer also slated (potentially) to happen in 2027, we 
expect some stockpiling requirements from the customer in 2028. 
 
So, a steady stream of revenues, to answer your question, would begin in Unit-1 from 2028. 
With respect to the recent Product Schedule three that I have signed, and we have informed 
the exchanges about, that is a greenfield drug substance manufacturing facility. We expect to 
close the commissioning of the facility in 2029. Two years from then, 2031, would be the start 
of revenues from Unit-2. 
 
So, in a nutshell, between Unit-1 and Unit-2, you would expect the revenues to kick in from 
2031. But Unit-1 will have a head start from 2028. 
 
Charul Agarwal: Thank you, Sir, for this. My next question is again on the Pen-G. So, when do 
we start the external sales from the unit? While it has been contributing to the internal supply, 
but when do the external supply start? 
 
S. Subramanian: The external supply has already been happened in the last quarter. We 
have sold more than ₹100 crores worth of material in the last quarter, both Pen-G as well as 
6-APA to the outside market. We have also already informed all the customers that they can 
pick up the material because some stocks are there in the market earlier because of the high 
imports in the Q3 of this year, FY26, the offtake was very low but we expect the offtake will 
take up strongly in the coming days, coming weeks. 
 
Charul Agarwal:  Okay. Thank you so much, that was my question.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra.  
 
Surya Patra: Yeah, Thank you for this opportunity, Sir. My first question is on the European 
business. So, congrats for the €1 billion milestone mark that you have achieved. But if you can 
update, what is the EBITDA for that? 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
9 
 
 
V. Muralidharan: Yes. So, here EBITDA is just in excess of 20% and we will be moving 
northwards of same, as stated by our CFO. 
 
Rahul: Hello. Yeah, hi, Sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, I guess your $2 billion revenue 
guidance for the US business factors in Lannett as well, which alone should contribute $300 
million incremental sales. And with that, you should get to $1.9-$1.95 billion. So, this guidance 
is essentially driven by Lannett. So, if you can also talk about how do you expect the base US 
business to grow ex of acquisitions? 
 
Swami Iyer: So, I will take this question, okay. 
 
S. Subramanian: Yeah-yeah. 
 
Swami Iyer: So, first of all, Rahul, Lannett is probably going to be there for two quarters in the 
current fiscal. So, this is going to be half of Lannett. So, that is number one and that is also 
subject of approval, which we expect, which we are confident. So, that is one. And then we 
are looking at some business opportunities. And those opportunities, we believe that we are 
in a good position now. So, you know, timing wise, I cannot tell you for certain, but we are 
heading towards a $2 billion goal and Lannett is part of it. Maybe in the next 1-2 years, 
definitely we are getting there. And you are already aware that Lannett is about $300 million. 
Obviously, we should be heading towards that $2 billion mark in the near future. 
 
That is all I can say. Maybe in 1-year plus, maybe in 1-year, if we are lucky. Again, it depends 
on the FTC approvals and some of the business development deals getting operational. 
 
Rahul: Sure, sir. So, these business opportunities, so are these NBOs which you are targeting 
or these would again be, let us say, M&A kind of opportunities? 
 
Swami Iyer: So, it is not NBOs that I am talking about. So, it could be business opportunities 
in terms of in-licensing. We are not going for any big bang acquisition, at least I hope we don’t. 
Right now, we are in the process of doing Lannett acquisition that needs to be completed. But 
we do look at opportunities of some in-licensing and some ANDA acquisitions that is ongoing. 
Now we are focusing a lot on business development in the US, in addition to our own 
products. That is why I feel confident that sometime soon we will touch that $2 billion mark, 
that Subbu mentioned. 
 
Whether it is going to happen in one year, I do not want to commit that at this point. Maybe 
we will have a better sense in the next 1-2 quarters. 
 
Rahul: Sure Sir. And, Sir, my second question is with respect to the guidance for the European 
business, you talked about cautiously looking towards a double-digit kind of a growth. Can 
you clarify that is in constant currency? 
 
V. Muralidharan: Yeah, it is. 
 
Rahul: Okay, sure, Sir. Thank you. That is it from my side. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
10 
 
 
V. Muralidharan: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Agarwal.  
 
Nitin Agarwal: Hi, Sir. Thank you for taking the question. Sir, on the biosimilar business, you 
highlighted, FY30 vision, 2030 vision, for the biosimilar business. If you can probably just 
articulate in terms of, what are we looking at, especially in terms of number of products being 
marketed, commercialized by them and what kind of geographical spread we are looking at 
by 2030 for the biosimilar business?  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Hey, Nitin. It is a good question. We are right now in the early innings 
of launch, since a quarter I suppose, with biosimilars, Nitin. So, supplies have been initiated 
to certain territories in the EU, tender is being serviced in LATAM and the STADA agreement 
will start to fructify from the end of this year. So, revenue recognition will follow as those 
products will move through distribution channels into procurement, etc. 
 
In terms of what we are doing, we have Omalizumab and Denosumab, as I have talked about 
in the last quarter, that will be entering the filing phase with European Medicines Agency, 
Health Canada and the FDA this year. Additionally, I have also provided guidance in Q2 that 
we plan to file Bevacizumab, which is already approved with Health Canada, approved with 
MHRA, and currently under review with European Medicines Agency. We also plan to file that 
in the US. 
 
So, 2026 will be a year where we wanted to execute the US filings, the three filings in the US, 
at least two, but three filings in the US. So, what it does to the business, if you look at 2030, 
is that the first wave of products that have been or are being commercialized now, plus the 
three more products that will be approved in Europe, is a clear base. So, you have about seven 
products in Europe, emerging markets and the growth markets. As I have provided guidance 
in the Earnings presentation, I am also stitching partnerships in territories where we are not 
directly present. So, for all these to strategically fructify would take a year or two. But with 
the 7-8 product base model in Europe approved and in growth markets, a potential 3 products 
approval by 2028, 2029 or 2030, even with a slight US FDA setback if there is any. By 2030, 
we are looking at biosimilars business having 7-8 products in Europe and growth markets, 
plus potentially 2-3 products in the US. 
 
I would not give any guidance, specific revenue figures at this stage, but the commercial 
momentum is real and is building and I expect by 2030 with the 7 plus 3 products that I am 
planning in the US, biosimilars business will have an inflection point, as I've also guided all 
through in the last year and the last quarter as well. 
 
Does that answer your question? 
 
Nitin Agarwal: I was saying, in the first wave of launches that we have, the fact that we are 
coming much behind the competition, in Europe and in emerging markets, do you still see an 
ability for us to make reasonable revenues on these products? Is the opportunity still relevant 
for us in the first wave of launches? 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
11 
 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: In the first wave of launches, the opportunity is relevant to the extent 
the aspiration is. So, we are not looking at a 15%-20% market share in those territories. With 
the right cost of goods, we still believe there is enough opportunity for everyone. Also, if you 
look at the nature and dynamics of the biosimilar business now, even if you look at products 
that are going off the patent cliff in 2032, you have about 10-11 players who are already doing 
clinical trials or developing them. So, if you want to sustain in this business, you need to really 
create a COGS model that will allow you to position yourselves in the market. 
 
What is also important is creating a basket of products in oncology and immunology. Right 
now, the choice of products that we have made, I'll give an example of pegylated filgrastim, 
which is a long-acting filgrastim that is expected to increase the neutrophil count in cancer 
patients who suffer from a condition called neutropenia. So, there is no follow-on drug for 
this product. So, what we are looking at from the first wave, Nitin, is products that have a 
longer life cycle. So, Pegfilgrastim, even now is a potentially $3.5-$4 billion market (global) 
and I expect it to continue to grow. 
 
And in US, I think there are about 4-5 or 5 players there. I am sure if you're looking at the $50-
$60 million dollar revenues and not looking at taking away 20%-25% of the market share, you 
are still in the game. In that sense, it's a very calculated move from us to pick products that 
have a longer life cycle. 
 
Another example is, Trastuzumab where we launched the 150 and 420 mg but the real game 
with Trastuzumab is the subcutaneous that we are developing. The patent goes off in 2028-
29. So, you should look at it from a strategic perspective of how we are positioning the 
products that will advance our aspirations in this space. Our COGS, I think, will continue to 
sustain us but if you are saying, ‘Will I be picking up a 20%-25% market share?’, absolutely 
not. And that's not the aspiration at all. 
 
Nitin Agarwal: Thank you, Sir. That helps. And, secondly, at what point in time do you start to 
be part of the first wave of launches going forward? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: So, it's a trick question. Omalizumab, I think we will be in the first wave. 
If you say first wave, is 3-4 players right now. With Omalizumab, there are 3 serious players. 
Celltrion has already made the move. It's a potential $4 billion market. There are 2 other 
players there and then there is us. We expect Omalizumab to be a $2 to  $2.2 billion product 
even after the biosimilar competition kicks in. So, I think that would be the first wave and we 
have the capacities to sustain the supply chain in markets like US for Omalizumab. 
 
With the next wave of products, we are trying to green light the clinical studies for the next 
wave of products from that goes off patent cliff from 2030-31 onwards and we may be in the 
first wave. But first wave is becoming very subjective these days, Nitin. If I pick a product from 
2034, like Atezolizumab, there are 9 players who are already developing. So, we really see 
how the dynamics play out. 
 
It's quite intuitive and subjective to answer the question but I hope you got the clarity of the 
point that I'm trying to say. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
12 
 
 
Nitin Agarwal: Yeah, that's very helpful. Also, if I can squeeze in one last one. Sir, on CDMO, 
how should we think about CDMO? Our CDMO strategy is all about these 2 MSD projects or 
do you see opportunities to significantly go beyond that? And at what point can that happen?  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: It's a good question. See, the scales at which we are attempting to 
become a CMO is a key differentiator in India, right. Now, if you look at my product Schedule 
one, product Schedule two and product Schedule three that we have disclosed to the 
exchanges, the total drug substance manufacturing scales amount to about 120,000 litres of 
mammalian cell culture capacities. Now, that's by far the largest CMO space in the country 
and which will put us into the lower rank bracket of the largest CMOs in the world. For 
example, Lonza has about 570,000 litres, Samsung has around 600,000 litres. So, having 
120,000 litres is a statement; statement and intent that we are here to stay. 
 
Now, why do I build a business model around one anchor customer? Because India 
traditionally did not have contract manufacturing organizations in the new biological space. 
It requires deep competence, infrastructure building and the nurturing of human resources 
capabilities like no other. And that's the reason why I wanted to derisk the ramp. And by mean 
of derisking the ramp, I wanted to get an anchor customer like MSD, get a contract with them 
for about 10 years and see how credibly I can build the business for the next 5 years. 
 
But to answer your question, does TheraNym and does I and Aurobindo and the board want 
us to be a single customer CMO after 2032? No. The vision statement for 2032, which I 
presented to my board yesterday also, is that we wanted to be a multi-modality, multi-
customer, contract development and contract manufacturing organization. Right now, we are 
a CMO, make no mistake about it. We are not a CDMO right now. We wanted to be a CMO 
but we wanted to backward integrate by 2032 to become a contract development 
organization. 
 
So, this is not going to be a one customer business. But for the first 5 years, until I build 
credibility around an anchor and service the anchor and create a space that we are also a 
credible CMO coming out and can service the new biological entities and become part of the 
global supply chain, yes, we would like to stay with MSD and learn through the curve. But the 
long-term aspiration and ambition is to become a multi-modality, multi-customer CDMO and 
transition from a CMO to CDMO. 
 
Does that answer your question? 
 
Nitin Agarwal: Yes, Sir, it does. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for your time. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Tushar Manudhane. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Yes, Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just extending on this biologics 
venture, at the time of commercialization what kind of gross margins or EBITDA margins are 
we sort of, you know, building in into our estimates? May not be at a product level but maybe 
at a portfolio level, if you could share? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
13 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Tushar, is this about the biosimilars or the biologics CMO? 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Biosimilars. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Biosimilars. On an average, you are looking at a gross margin (read, in 
the US) of around 65%-70%, Tushar. And as the product mix matures to include Omalizumab 
and include Trastuzumab subcutaneous after FY28-29, the gross margins will probably shift 
to the higher side of 70% to around 75%. So, it's still a very healthy margin business (read, in 
the US). 
 
It also depends on the countries you would be in. The moment the inflection point in U.S. and 
some of the growth markets will kick in, then you are looking at better gross margins. Some 
of the products are retail products, for example, a product used in postmenopausal 
osteoporosis like the Denosumab. So, whatever little you sell there, the margins are going to 
be higher. 
 
So, it's a tricky subject, but I would say take anywhere between 65%-75%. As we continue to 
evolve in the next 5-6 years, we will make the transition from around 65%-75% with more 
first wave or differentiating products or retail products adding into the business because 
Omalizumab and Denosumab, Denosumab is a retail product and Omalizumab is a mixed 
model. So, you tend to get higher margins there, Tushar. 
  
Tushar Manudhane: And, Sir, this is after building what kind of…Particularly in biosimilars, 
we've witnessed a sizable price erosion post competition coming in. So, this kind of gross 
margin, this is the manufacturing skillset which we have got. What kind of price erosion we 
try to build for these set of products? We understand like a post such kind of price erosion, 
the gross margin is 65%-70%. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: So, for the first wave of products we have already built in the price 
erosion to a great extent. So, even with a 75% price erosion, we expect to have around 65% 
gross margin as a base (in the US) and only then we enter into developing these products. In 
the US, we are not building more than a 60% price erosion. In Europe, we are building close 
to around 75%-85% price erosion. We have seen that happen in chronic segment in Europe. 
In growth markets, actually the pricing is good in some of the growth markets. 
 
So, to answer your question, even after building a very healthy price erosion of around 70%- 
80% in most markets, this is what we would like to achieve, Tushar.  
 
Tushar Manudhane: That's pretty interesting, Sir. And just to sort of complete this loop, in 
chemical synthesis probably the scale does help in getting the EBITDA margin but with respect 
to biosimilars, just trying to understand, you know, despite such kind of price erosion we able 
to achieve 65%-70% gross margin. So, if you could just help with that missing link compared 
to, say, a chemical synthesis process? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: It's a very interesting question from a sense that you should always 
look at, in biologics you should always look at yield versus COGS as a function of also 
capacities, okay, which is true even in small molecules. But in biologics, when I plot yield and 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
14 
 
capacities on the primary y-axis and the secondary y-axis and COGS on the horizontal axis, 
you see the tapering of the COGS pretty early. 
 
So, depending on your capacities. If my capacities are around 5,000-litre scale and my yield is 
around 4 gram per litre, then the incremental improvements, even after increasing the scale, 
are going to be very, very minimal in terms of cost of goods. 
 
So, factoring all these models, we still think if you have built your capacities right, if you have 
positioned your titres or the yields around 4-6 gram per litre because after which the 
downstream costs will start to trade off any benefits that you will get from the cell culture 
yields. So, around 4-6 gram per litre and a capacity of around 2,500 to 5,000 litre bioreactors, 
you should have a cost competitiveness for most monoclonal antibodies that are at 100 mg-
400 mg filling doses. 
 
I think 60%-65% should be very straightforward in biologics (in the US), even with the price 
erosion of around 70% that you witness. But the trick there is, do companies have the yields 
of around 4-6 gram per litre at the right quality? Do companies have the right capacities for 
the products they are putting in at 4-6 gram per litre? And if either of these on the primary 
and secondary y-axis do not meet together, then you are looking at numbers and margins 
that can be significantly less because their COGS is going to be higher. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it, Sir. This is pretty interesting. And just lastly on this aspect, just to 
refresh in terms of the overall investment done till date. While you have highlighted in the 
presentation the upcoming investment with respect to unit but just to refresh in terms of the 
overall investment done till date. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: In biosimilars? 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Yes. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: About $450 million is the overall investment including CapEx and OpEx 
that was done in biosimilars and that had resulted from 2018 July to now, including the two 
COVID years, into 4 European approvals, 2 Health Canada approvals and 3 more product 
filings now; the fastest in the peer group that you can look at. And I am confident that we will 
continue the momentum. 
 
Tushar Manudhane:  So, $150-$175 million is the over and above? 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: No, this is a CMO, okay. The CMO is going to be about $175 million in 
the greenfield facility. 
 
Tushar Manudhane: Got it, Sir. Thanks. Thanks. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. The first one for Subbu Sir. Sir, can you 
suggest what is the kind of translation effect that we get from the INR depreciation against 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
15 
 
USD and Euro? Let us say 1% depreciation in INR, what is the positive impact that we get on 
EBITDA?  
 
S. Subramanian: See, 1% which? INR depreciation against dollar? 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Yes. 
 
S. Subramanian: On EBITDA, we will get around ₹100 crores. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. And Euro? INR depreciation against Euro would be addition to that, 
right? 
 
S. Subramanian: Yeah, Euro is very little, okay, because already Euro has achieved the peak. 
Earlier it used to be around 1.03 [EUR/USD], now it is hovering between 1.16-1.17. So, may 
not have a big significant one on Euro but EBITDA on dollar-rupee transaction, we will get 
around ₹100 [Crores]. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: And, Sir, the 21% EBITDA margin guidance for FY27, does it bake in this 
positive impact of the INR depreciation? 
 
S. Subramanian: Don't look into that, no. Because, see, nothing comes free. When rupee is 
depreciating, why is it depreciating? Raw material prices are going up and solvent prices have 
gone by 2.5X. Don't make it only rupee depreciation going to translate. It is a combination of 
all these we have to see. Freight cost actually has gone significantly high in the last month in 
March and continuing in April and May, solvent prices have gone by 2.7X, raw material, other 
raw material prices are also going. So, you have to look at it in a holistic manner rather than 
seeing it in a very limited manner. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: So, my question I will rephrase, that with all this, you know, cost going up, 
it will still have a positive impact, right, and given the strong depreciation? 
 
S. Subramanian: No, you asked what is the impact of it, we have said. will it get offset by other 
factors, etc.? Obviously, yes. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. So, maybe, you know, 21% bakes in the net impact of all these 
positives and negatives? 
 
S. Subramanian: All these factors. All the pluses, minuses, etc., we are working. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. And second question on the Pen-G, we said that the 10,000 ton is 
the output. You know, we are going to reach that kind of level now with an 80% cap utilization. 
To me, a very basic math kind of points to 12,500 tons of total capacity versus our total 
capacity is 15,000. So, is it fair to say in terms of yields, you know, there could be some more 
improvement going forward? 
 
S. Subramanian: No, no, not like that, Kunal. I said it is above 10,000 tons. We have achieved 
in the month of March itself is around 11,300 tons capacity, right. 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
16 
 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. Okay. 
 
S. Subramanian: April, we made it around 10,800. So, the capacity is not 15,000 or not like 
that. We have 17 fermenters; we can run any number of fermenters I want and accordingly 
the capacity is achieved. So, we have to ensure that the inventory buildup is not happening, 
working capital is not locked in. And at the same time, we need to achieve the right yields, 
etc. That is what the team is working on. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. 
 
S. Subramanian: You got it, no? 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Yes. Yes. Yes. And lastly, for Dr. Satakarni, on the TheraNym contracts. Sir, 
can you suggest how many products have we got right now from Merck? And are these in 
development stage or already commercialized? If they are already commercialized, are they 
in the early part of their product lifecycle, late part of product lifecycle? Any color would be 
helpful. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Kunal, product Schedule 1 is for 1 product, product Schedule 2 is for 1 
product. In the nutshell, each product schedule is for 1 product. So, we signed about 3 product 
schedules, which means that we signed for 3 products. 
 
Right now, technology transfer of 1 product, a new biological entity is happening. This is a 
product that is already commercial. The second product schedule also is a commercial 
biological entity. One of them is an early commercial product, the other one is a relatively 
established product. 
 
I cannot give more details about the sponsors' products but we will be into the commercial 
global supply chain right from Day 1 after receiving the regulatory approvals. And that is the 
business model of TheraNym. Right from day 1, once you have the regulatory approvals, the 
product that we are going to manufacture at TheraNym is going to be used by MSD into their 
global supply chain for the patients in the territories and the markets they would like to supply 
the product to. 
 
Does that answer your question? 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Sure. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: So, there is no development product at this stage. Both are commercial 
assets. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Okay. And earlier we had said that these supplies would initially be used 
for emerging markets and then in Europe and then in US. Is that the correct way of 
understanding? 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
17 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: That's correct. That's correct because capability building and GMP 
compliance takes time. Initially, I expect MSD to file it in emerging markets followed by 
Europe. And potentially at some point, maybe they would say they would also like us to 
become part of the supply chain for the US. But right now, I would keep the aspiration to 
emerging markets and Europe. 
 
Kunal Dhamesha: Thank you and all the best, Sir. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Just the first one on the 
Speciality injectables. I think in the opening remarks it was said $513 million has been the 
total revenue for the year and I think 13% growth. Sir, if you could just double click there, you 
know, and how should we look at the outlook for it in FY27? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah. You heard it right from Subbu. It is the other than the 
Lenalidomide, it is 13% and I feel like the same double-digit growth is expected going forward.  
 
Shyam Srinivasan: But Yugandhar, there is some Revlimid already in 2026, right? So 513 
million includes Revlimid. So you are excluding it and telling us it's whatever double-digit 
growth.  
Sorry, can you just can you just help us what the base number would be? 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: It’s actually like the base number would be around 480 plus. So like we 
expect a similar double-digit growth because this year of ‘27 onwards, we will not have the 
Revlimid. So we expect the base business to continue to grow in double digits. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: And any interesting launches coming up in this segment, Yugandhar? 
Anything to call out?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah, it is at this juncture. It is too early for me to comment, Shyam, 
because of Eugia III. So, there are some interesting launches from other plants, but we are at 
this juncture keeping ourselves on watch for all the regulatory approvals for the plants so that 
in next quarter I can give more colour.  
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it. Helpful. And just Swami, just QoQ, I know YoY there is a Revlimid in 
US total, but QoQ, there is some seasonality, is it? For why the QoQ revenues are down?  
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah, typically the 4th Quarter is less than the 3rd Quarter, typically… the 2nd and 
3rd Quarter. This is what we see. There are aberrations, of course. If the cold season extends 
to January, March, it could be higher, but otherwise, 2nd and 3rd Quarter are the best.  
 
Shyam Srinivasan: So $30 million drop annually one can explain, just by seasonality.  
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
18 
 
Swami Iyer: Yes, that is one. And we also have some partners, we will also have to look at 
that, but broadly yes there is a seasonality. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Understood. Thank you. My just last question to Dr. Satakarni. Dr. 
Satakarni, now we have all your large cap peers, like large peers, all talking about Biosimilar. 
So, Sun through the Organon deal has got it, Dr. Reddy's, Lupin have got it. I'm not asking for 
names, but I'm just saying, is this going to be an interesting phase where we have to now slug 
it out with some of your other peers? And is there something you will do differently to kind 
of get your whatever rightful share?  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: It's interesting, Shyam, I mean, how can I, how can I comment on the 
slugfest that is going to unfold in the Biosimilar space, it's already happening in Europe. One 
of the previous questions from Nitin, I told the market dynamics is going to be so interesting, 
the price erosion is going to be so interesting. The competition. Any product that you pick, 
there are about 10 to 11 players. What is important is to ensure that you have a basket of 
products that you can go to into the market, create a brand name, as long as they are 
continuing to be brands like in Canada and US, and make sure that your COGS setting is good 
enough to still give you a reasonable margin.  
 
I don't think I can do anything differently than what I have done, the speed and agility with 
which we have looked at the last 7-8 years in building these capabilities, I would like to sustain 
the momentum. And if that happens, I think we are in a good space right now. The most 
important aspect for CuraTeQ is the execution of the US filings and can we execute it right 
first time? And if we do, I think we will be having a very different conversation. 
 
Shyam Srinivasan: Got it, sir. Thank you and all the best.  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Jigar Valia. Hi Jigar, requesting you to 
unmute yourself and ask the question. 
 
Jigar Valia: I'm sorry. So firstly, congratulations on the decent set of numbers under the 
circumstances with API prices and freights, and I think your growth markets, etc., I think all 
helped API. So one is with regards to China and India. So, has China break-even helped in 
margins this time? And as far as India, I think it is about 76 crores a quarter. So, will this 
Khandelwal acquisition kind of… how much would that kind of contribute to the run-rate?  
 
S. Subramanian: So, in terms of the China, as I said, last quarter we had a loss of around 7 
million… last year, I'm sorry, last year. But certainly, this year will not only break-even, will 
contribute significantly. At least we are working to achieve a low double-digit EBITDA margin 
for the year. That is what we are trying to do there.  
 
In terms of the Khandelwal Labs, etc., it's a very decent acquisition and it is contributing to 
the EBITDA margin. And we expect overall; the entire domestic formulation business will grow 
in double-digit during this year. 
 

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
19 
 
Jigar Valia: Got it. So one is, so now only Unit III is the, amongst the larger unit, which is left 
for the EIR, is that right?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah, Unit III is… Yeah, we are waiting and even Unit I of Eugia is also 
audited and we are waiting for that as well. There are two units in Eugia network we are 
waiting. 
 
Jigar Valia: Helpful. Sir, just one more question if you can answer. So, if at all you can update 
on eczema or Polymist? And also what's the perspective with regards to repurposed drugs? 
You also mentioned of… Satakarni sir mentioned of the slugfest possible on the Biosimilar, 
but is there something which is getting evolving on the repurposed drugs as well?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Sorry, Satakarni, would you like to take that question? I didn't 
understand. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: What is the question?  
 
Jigar Valia: So, one was, would it be possible for you to update on eczema and Polymist? And 
also your thoughts with regards to repurposed drugs? You mentioned of the slugfest expected 
on the Biosimilar, but I don't see any of the larger companies probably warming up to 
repurposed drugs or these things or any of the generic companies also.  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: I would answer the part two of the question. Part one of the question 
should be answered by the relevant CEO. What do you mean by drug repurposing is whether 
we are interested in the practice of finding a new therapeutic use for the existing drug? Is that 
what you meant by drug repurposing?  
 
Jigar Valia: Yes, I think because a lot of it…  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: I know what's happening around that. At this point of time, I'll get back 
with my Investor Relations again. But from the little I understand from our board strategy and 
all, at this point of time, we are not looking at any reprofiling or repositioning or repurposing 
of the drugs. That's still not part of our Aurobindo board's strategic initiatives. But we will look 
at this space closely. Maybe that's a differentiator at some point, right now not. But let me go 
back and correct myself if there is something happening somewhere and provide you an 
answer through the IR. Does that work for you?  
 
Jigar Valia: Absolutely, sir. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Yeah, thank you. Part one, can someone answer part one?  
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Frankly, we didn't understand the part one question of the Polymists.  
 
Jigar Valia: Yeah. So is there any update on the eczema and Polymists that we can have?  
 
Ashish Anvekar: Sorry. Jigar, this is Ashish here. Is your question on the eczema drug, which 
was approved?  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
20 
 
 
Jigar Valia: Yes. 
 
Ashish Anvekar. Yes. Yeah. So thank you. So we are right now looking into launching it as soon 
as possible. Most probably Quarter 2 of our fiscal year is when we are aiming to launch. So 
that's all I can say for now. But all the preparation work is going on right now to make sure 
that we launch this, our first NCE for Aurobindo in a very successful manner. 
 
Jigar Valia: All right. Thanks a lot. And I am hoping that you will be upwards of 2,000 crore 
EBITDA in the coming quarter onwards and higher EBITDA levels also with the integration 
falling in place. Thank you. Thanks so much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Tarang Agrawal. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: I got a couple of questions. Good morning and congrats on a decently firm 
performance. Sir in Europe, so you spoke about double-digit growth going forward. You mean 
constant currency or you meant in INR terms?  
 
V. Muralidharan: Constant currency basis, which I already reaffirmed. And this year we 
achieved a double digit. And also our growth planning for the upcoming year revolves around 
our base business growth, plus new launches, annualized revenue on the FY26 launches and 
the upcoming FY27 launches. So, we are quite confident we will be able to achieve on 
constant currency basis. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: Okay. Sir, if I look at the trajectory of this business, right, I mean, Aurobindo 
has been trying to build this business for the last 12 years. Something has really sort of pivoted 
in the last three, four years versus the decade before. And in a market which is certainly not 
growing, especially with the suite of products that we are running with, what has changed in 
terms of your ability to drive this business, and at the speed and scale that you've been able 
to?  
 
So just a couple of pointers. I mean, is there a lot more focus than before maybe? Were there 
some supply chain challenges? Has the market become more interesting with some players 
exiting? What is it? I mean, just wanted your aerial view in terms of… without getting into 
some different granularities.  
 
V. Muralidharan: Sure Tarang, I get the flavour of your question. First of all, thank you for 
your compliments.  
And yes, one, Aurobindo has been an evolving organization. So, our understanding of the 
market and extremely, extremely well streamlined team across our footprint country is sitting 
in and understanding the market dynamics. And of course, as you rightly said, on the supply 
chain side, we have definitely done a lot of improvements by way of order processing, 
turnaround times, understanding the market, what shall I say, the upsides, or certain 
competition out of stock that can happen. All these things. It's a combination of several items. 
But at the same time, as you underlined, it's a very complex market. We are answerable to 
multiple regulators. The expectations or challenges are increasing, whether it is nitrosamines 
or other compliance requirements.  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
21 
 
 
But despite all, Aurobindo as a team, has been able to deliver. I would like to thank our 
management for the confidence reposed in Europe and constantly providing us new product 
opportunities, developing more and more products. So it's a combination of all these positives 
that's happening. And we are very confident this will be sustainable in the coming period as 
well.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Wonderful, that helps. Satakarni sir, on TheraNym, whatever progress that 
you spoke of, when you spoke about consistent delivery for Contract-1 in 2028 and then for 
Contract-2 from 2031 onwards, were you referring to calendar year or were you referring to 
financial year?  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: I'm referring to the financial year, Tarang.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Okay, that's helpful. On US, on the eczema product, Mr. Anvekar, do we 
expect you to build a significant front end or would you be continuing with the current cohort 
that you have? And second, if we could get an update on what's happening with this Ryzneuta. 
Where is that product? I think about one and a half years now since the approvals come 
through. So some update there would be helpful.  
 
Ashish Anvekar: Yeah, sure, Tarang. So first of all, for the ADQUEY, which is the brand name 
for our eczema drug, we are going to build the suitable infrastructure as it is required because 
we will be in a competitive space, but in a very good competitive space. So we have to invest 
in making sure that we are giving the brand the due attention and the resources which is 
required. Our current presence is in oncology, right, so we will be having a separate team 
which focuses on dermatology.  
 
And for the Ryzneuta, though we had an approval for a year and a half, the product launch 
was delayed. And much of the scientific story is still being built. We have started getting some 
traction in the market now, but the story from a brand perspective still needs to be built in 
the marketplace. The market is very competitive, so it will take us some time for that product 
to be established. But we just want to make sure that the product has a basis of a scientific 
story, which is a longer-term story, rather than a short-term pricing story.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Got it. That's helpful. Swami sir, is $400 million a reasonable base for the US 
business, notwithstanding the seasonality going forward, ex-acquisitions and some of these 
NCEs contributing?  
 
Swami Iyer: I didn't understand the question. You are saying $400 million is the base. Yeah, 
that's correct. 
 
Tarang Agrawal: Because it came down to $387 million this quarter.  
 
Swami Iyer: Yeah, it's reasonable to assume.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Got it. And last on Eugia, if you could give us a split for FY26 and FY25 
between US and ex-US.  

Aurobindo Pharma Limited 
22 May 2026 
 
22 
 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: Yeah, it is anyway, because we don't give separate numbers, but it still 
contributes around 70% of the overall business. 30% comes from other than US. But going 
forward, we expect that to be a 60-40.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Got it. And the 513 is the overall number, right? US as well as ex-US. 
 
Yugandhar Puvvala: That's right.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Okay, wonderful. Thank you. 
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Tarang, let me correct myself. I think I talked about 2028 and 2031 in 
my earlier commentary and guidance for Unit 1 and Unit 2 of CMO. If it is 2028 and 2031, 
then I am talking about calendar years and not financial year. My apologies.  
 
Tarang Agrawal: Got it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Requesting management for the closing remarks.  
 
Varun Mali: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us on the call today. If you have any 
of your questions unanswered, please feel free to get in touch with the Investor Relations 
Team. The transcript of this call will also be uploaded on our website www.aurobindo.com in 
due course. Thank you once again and have a great day ahead.  
 
Satakarni Makkapati: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you very much to Aurobindo's management team. Ladies and gentlemen, 
on behalf of Aurobindo Pharma, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your line and exit the webinar. Thank you. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT  
Digitally signed by ADI REDDY BADDIGAM 
Date: 2026.05.27 17:47:31 +05'30'
