 
 
 
 
Ref- FWIL/SEC/2026-27/15 
Date: May 28, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code : 544030 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.  
Symbol : FLAIR 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Call held on May 22, 2026 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s),  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, copy of transcript of the Investor call 
held on Friday, May 22, 2026 at 12.00 noon (Indian Standard Time) to discuss Company’s 
performance for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 is enclosed. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
Vishal Kishor Chanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
VISHAL 
KISHOR 
CHANDA
Digitally signed 
by VISHAL 
KISHOR CHANDA 
Date: 2026.05.28 
19:58:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Flair Writing Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIMALCHAND RATHOD – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. MOHIT RATHOD - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT RATHOD – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ALPESH PORWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. DARSHI JAIN – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Flair Writing Industries Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Darshi Jain. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Darshi Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Flair Writing Industries Limited Q4 
and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Today on the call, we have Mr. Vimalchand Rathod, the 
Managing Director; Mr. Mohit Rathod, the Whole Time Director; Mr. Sumit Rathod, Whole-
Time Director; and Mr. Alpesh Porwal, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
A short disclaimer before we start this call. This call will contain some forward-looking 
statements, which may be based upon our beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as 
of today. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and will involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the conference call to Mr. Vimalchand Rathod, the 
Managing Director, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vimalchand Rathod: 
Good afternoon, and welcome to everyone. Thank you for joining Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Call. 
I hope everyone had the opportunity to go through our investor presentation and press release 
that has been uploaded on the exchange. We are pleased to conclude the year on a strong note, 
delivering 15.8% top line growth year-on-year, achieving our standard guidance of 15% growth. 
 
Our new growth engine delivered outstanding results during the year with creative rising 74% 
year-on-year and Steel Bottles and houseware recording an exceptional 95% growth for the year. 
FY '26 has been a defining year in our transformation journey. 
 
We have evolved from being a largely pan-centric business into a more diversified enterprise, 
building strong momentum in high-growth categories and Creatives and Steel Bottles and 
Housewares. These two categories now contribute 31% of overall revenue. This marks a 
strategic step towards a more scalable and future ready and sustainable business model. 
 
At the same time, we have continued to strengthen our own brand sale which contributed 91% 
of our business in FY '26, a clear reflection of our growing strength and trust in our brand 
portfolio. We remain committed to deepening the mix further in the years ahead. Operations at 
our new Valsad facility are scheduled to commence from Q1 FY '27 with capacity ramp-up 
expected by Q3 FY '27. 
 
This expansion will significantly enhance our manufacturing capabilities across the Pens and 
Creative segment, supporting increased production volumes and enabling us to cater to growing 
demand across segments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
In line with our strong performance and positive outlook, the Board of Directors have approved 
a final dividend of INR0.50 per share, representing 10% of face value of our equity share, 
aggregating 20% of FY '26 similar to previous year. 
 
As we look ahead, we remain firmly focused on driving innovation and further deepening our 
brand leadership. This will position us to deliver endeavoring growth, creating long-term value 
and reinforce our leadership in the industry for years to come. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Alpesh Porwal, our CFO, to discuss in detail about our Q4 and 
FY '26 financial performance. Thank you. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Thank you, MD, sir. Let me begin with the financial performance for the fourth quarter of FY 
'26. Revenue from operations for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR322.9 crores, an increase of 8.4% year-
on-year. The gross profit for the quarter was at INR165.3 crores, which increased by 14.1% over 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The gross profit margin improved by 258 bps 
year-on-year to 51.2%, driven by a favorable shift in the company's product mix. 
 
Also, the increasing contribution from the own brand sales has strengthened pricing power, 
resulting in an overall improvement in gross margin this quarter. EBITDA for the quarter was 
at INR57.7 crores, registering a growth of 23.3% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at 17.9%, 
an increase of 217 bps year-on-year. 
 
As mentioned in our previous calls that we are seeing operating leverage come through this year. 
This reinforces our confidence in the effectiveness of our ongoing business transformation 
initiatives, including increased automation, managing our human capital and strengthening 
distribution relationships to support our expanding portfolio of innovative products. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter was at INR36.5 crores, increasing by 18.4% on a year-on-year 
basis. Profit after tax margin as PAT margin for the quarter stood at 11.3%, expanding by 96 
bps year-on-year, supported by disciplined finance cost. The stronger PAT growth was driven 
by a broad-based improvement in profitability, supported by expansion across gross margin, 
EBITDA margin and overall PAT margin. 
 
Moving to our FY '26 financial performance. Revenue from operations for FY '26 was at  
INR1,250.1 crores, an increase of 15.8% year-on-year. As mentioned by our MD sir, we 
achieved our revenue guidance of 15% this year. Gross profit for full year was INR637.8 crores, 
which increased by 16.4% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Gross profit margin came in at 51%. The gross profit margin grew marginally this year with 30 
bps expansion. EBITDA for the full year was INR224.5 crores, increasing notably by 21.5% 
year-on-year. EBITDA margin also improved marginally by 85 bps to 18%. Profit after tax for 
the period was at INR141.3 crores, an increase of 18.7% year-on-year. 
 
Profit after tax margin for the year was at 11.3%, increasing by 28 bps. As reflected in the full 
year performance, margins across all levels expanded meaningfully. Talking about our working 
capital. Our inventory days stood at 97 days in Q4 FY '26. It was similar compared to other 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
quarters as we stocked up more inventory in advance during the quarter, anticipating further 
price in crude oil and its byproducts. 
 
On the other hand, our debtor days stood at 78 days. It reduced by 4 days quarter-on-quarter and 
our creditor days stood at 37 days, a decrease of 3 days quarter-on-quarter. Hence, our working 
capital for Q4 FY '26 stood at 139 days, which is also the same for full year. 
 
We regularly launch new products, maintaining higher inventory during the initial demand 
discovery and feedback phase. Based on market responses and sales forecast, inventory levels 
are then adjusted to complete the product life cycle. 
 
Coming to our business segment results. Our own brand sales. Our own brand sales have 
continued a strong upward trajectory with consistent growth across the domestic market. 
Overall, domestic own brand sales grew by 17% year-on-year to INR264 crores. For full year, 
this number stands at INR1,017 crores, registering a 20% growth year-on-year. 
 
Domestic market has been a constant source of strength and underscores the favorable market 
positioning of all our products. Our own brand exports contributed INR34 crores to the total 
revenue in Q4 FY '26, an increase of 31% year-on-year, while for the full year, it was at INR122 
crores, an increase of 29%. 
 
We have consistently focused on increasing our own brand sales and reducing reliance on OEMs, 
and we are steadily delivering on this objective. Our own brand sales now account for 
approximately 91% of the total revenue in FY '26, marking a steady and consistent rise from 
87% in FY '25, 86% in FY '24 and 80% in FY '23. About our OEM sales. The domestic OEM 
declined from INR15 crores in Q4 FY '25 to INR9 crores in Q4 FY '26. 
 
As highlighted earlier, our domestic OEM business has been fully phased out with legacy OEM 
relationships reduced to 0. Nonetheless, we are pleased to share that new customer engagements 
through our Flomaxe subsidiary have created an incremental revenue stream within the domestic 
OEM segment. 
 
Our export OEM business declined from INR32 crores in Q4 FY '25 to INR17 crores in Q4 FY 
'26. It was mainly because of persistent inflation and subdued demand being experienced 
domestically by our clients, further aggravated by West Asia prices. 
 
As the macro environment stabilizes, we expect export OEM to recover meaningfully, driven by 
normalization of supply chains, improved logistics and a gradual revival in demand across key 
export markets, supported by enhanced customer engagement and execution capabilities. 
 
Now coming to our product segment results. First, our high-growth segments of Creative and 
Steel Bottles and Houseware. The Creative segment achieved impressive growth of 80% year-
on-year growth for Q4 FY '26 and 74% year-on-year for FY '26, the whole year. 
 
The revenue contribution stood at INR86 crores for the quarter, that's Q4 at INR298 crores for 
the full financial year. We expanded our product portfolio by introducing six fresh offerings 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
under the Creative range during the quarter and overall 29 new products during the financial 
year. 
 
We recently incurred a capex of INR20 crores FY '26 for the Flomaxe facility in Surat, mainly 
invested in the new building and plant in machinery and has already emerged as a revenue-
accretive driver for the Creative segment. We recently operationalized wooden pencil 
manufacturing at this facility, a major category expansion in Creative segment. 
 
We continue to scale the Steel Bottles and Houseware segment as the revenue contribution for 
the quarter increased by a stellar 76% year-on-year in Q4 FY '26 to INR22 crores as compared 
to INR12 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
 
On full year, the segment generated sales worth INR85 crores in revenue, which is a substantial 
increase of 95% year-on-year in financial year '26. We sell 24 products in this segment with 
multiple SKUs. Our growth strategy in this segment is driven by two key levers, expanding the 
product portfolio and deepening distribution reach, particularly within general trade. 
 
Moving on to our Pens segment. The total revenue for the quarter declined 4% year-on-year 
from INR221.66 crores to INR213.44 crores. The overall decline is entirely attributable to our 
Pen OEM segment, which contracted 65%. Here, we also want to highlight that our own brand 
business in Pen grew 9%, a high single-digit growth. 
 
This is a direct testament to the company's strategic focus on building and strengthening our own 
brand portfolio, which continues to deliver consistent growth. To summarize, while the Pens 
business grew in FY '26 with focus on quality and our revenue mix, showing a significant shift 
towards own brand sales, which now represents 95% of our Pens revenue versus 80% a year 
ago. 
 
Coming to the geopolitical situation currently, which we are facing. Despite the West Asian 
crisis and uncertainty looming over it, we would like to maintain the revenue guidance of 15% 
FY '27. We remain confident about the upcoming year with a positive outlook driven by broad-
based growth across all segments, supported by new product launches, enhanced manufacturing 
capabilities and stronger distribution enabling deeper market reach. 
 
However, the ongoing West Asia crisis has inflated crude oil prices drastically, leading to a 
corresponding increase in crude-linked derivatives, which are one of the important components 
of raw materials. 
 
While Q4 margin remain insulated due to pre-stock inventory as we typically maintain inventory 
buffers over multiple months, we expect a margin impact in Q1 FY '27 as higher cost inventory 
begins to flow through. Cost of such raw materials have gone up from 10% to 50% on an average. 
So we are expecting an impact of about 13% increase in the consumption ratio. To mitigate this, 
we are strategizing a combination of rationalization of schemes and discounts. 
 
In household and Steelware, we have also increased the selling price for all the products. With 
sustained focus on premiumization with a consistently rising share of mid-premium and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
premium products in new product launches, we expect to further offset the negative margin 
impact. 
 
Reflecting on the quarter, we take pride in delivering overall strong performance despite 
challenging macroeconomic conditions, and we extend our sincere appreciation to all our 
stakeholders for their continued support. Building on this momentum, we remain focused on 
sustaining our progress and driving the next phase of growth. 
 
Thank you. I would now like to hand over to the moderator to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Aradhana Jain from 360 ONE Capital. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Congratulations on delivering a steady operating performance despite the volatile macro 
environment that we are in. My first question is how much is the salience of crude on our raw 
materials? And you mentioned that the prices have increased to around 10% to 15%. 
 
If you could throw some light of how much has the price hikes been taken during the quarter or 
even after that? And which SKUs would have seen the most price hikes? And did we witness 
any channel stocking ahead of the price increase that happened? That's my first question. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So when we say 13%, it's on an average for direct and indirect kind of materials which we use. 
Now when I say I calculated 30%, this is an average of raw material, chips, packaging and other 
decoration. Now overall, this range is actually from, say, 0% in certain of these products from 
5% to 50%. And the weighted average comes to 13% today. 
 
And that is why I say 13% is going to be the impact of the raw material prices due to crude -- in 
Q1, yes. And like I said, we also have the raw material stocked up. So which also kind of 
averages out the impact of increase in the raw material prices. 
Aradhana Jain: 
So how much is the salience of crude on our raw materials? Like is it 30%, 40% of our raw 
materials is crude derivatives or how is it, if you could. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
35%. 
Aradhana Jain: 
35%. And did we witness any channel stocking ahead of the raw material increase that was 
happening? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Sorry, repeat your question. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Was there any channel stocking that happened ahead of the raw material price increase before 
basically the... 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So what happened, Aradhana as the war started, as you know, the raw material prices started 
increasing. So there was something that we average out our purchase was out here by buying in 
at the dips out there and also stocking in. Now what we see is that the pre-stock material, which 
is going to have -- is going to have my average cost not dipping down so much as it would be 
had I been purchasing the raw material at the current prices. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. And you also highlighted that we might see some bit of dip in our margins because 
of the inflation in the prices. If you could throw some light on how much could the dip be there 
on our margins on account of the increase in the raw material prices? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So everything averages out and the impact will be in the -- in Q4, a total of 13%, which would 
net up to something like a 4% or something in Q1. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. Second, I want to... 
Alpesh Porwal: 
No, Aradhana, just to add this - I'm looking at 4% - which will eventually go down over the next 
3 quarters. So as to end of FY '27, probably we do a recalibration out here  and we'll be kind of 
at the same level of margin which we are today, maybe a 1% of difference out, which we see. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. The second question I wanted to understand is on the Pens segment. If you could throw 
some light on how is the outlook going to be over the next 2 to 3 years? We were guiding for 
high single-digit kind of growth in the pen segment, we have closed the year at around 2%. And 
I understand that our own brand has grown at 9%. But going forward, how would be -- how 
should one look at the mix between Pens and Steel Bottles and Creatives? 
 
Like obviously, if you see last year, we were at around 77%, 78% of Pens contribution, which 
has come down to around 68% this year. But going forward, what is the outlook on pens? And 
I understand the growth levers will be Creative and Steel Bottles. But if you could just help us 
understand what is the outlook going ahead? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So Aradhana, so what we are targeting for the coming years is the writing instrument, which 
is Pens would be growing at 5% on an annual basis. And also to add the high-growth category, 
which is Creative, we are targeting 50% growth this year as well. And for Steel Bottles, we 
continue to grow at 40%. So overall, if you look at the ratio, will come out to around 15%. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. And during this quarter, our Steel Bottles revenue has moderated a bit if you 
compare that to, say, second quarter or third quarter. What is the reason for that? And how should 
one look at the growth in the Steel Bottles that INR22 crores, INR23-odd crores of quarterly 
revenue, what is our outlook on that? How do we plan to increase that? And what are the steps 
that we are taking towards it? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So if you look at the Q4 when we compare to Q3, of course, Q3, there was the impact of 
festivals. So obviously, the sale was high at that time. And -- but going forward, we would -- we 
are strengthening all three fronts, which is to do with our GT, general trade, also the modern 
trade and e-com business along with the quick-com. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sneha from Nuvama. 
Sneha: 
Congratulations on great numbers. Just a couple of questions from my end. What is the impact 
that you're now estimating in terms of margins going ahead? And for how long do you think that 
it will take to normalize? The reason I'm asking is you've already started taking actions in terms 
of reducing discounts and probably even increasing prices. But let's say, if the situation continues 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
with respect to polymer prices continues to remain volatile, when do we see margins 
normalizing? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Like I said, when we look at a max of 4% in my Q1, this is the impact which I see. But if the 
war continues and the situation continues to linger, then like you said what you are asking is 
how do we kind of manage it. Today, we are not there in a lot of segments. We're not even 
touching the pricing and the entire economics of the market would undergo change if this war 
continues because the rising prices obviously have to stabilize and we have to pull it. 
 
So in a nutshell, if I say, it will have an impact, the inflation will come in and it will have an 
impact on every product, including our products also. So the ultimate thing is the rise in MRP is 
what everybody will see. But today, we don't envisage that this crisis would continue beyond 
next 2, 3 months, when it starts stabilizing by the time. So even if the war thing ends by the next 
week, what we are expecting or we read, the pricing, the stabilization will take some time. 
Sneha: 
Noted. And did I hear it correctly that for Pens division now we are expecting around 5% sort 
of growth and rest of the segments will lead to driving overall 15% growth? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Yes. Overall, we look at 15%. When we said what Mohit said is 5% growth is what we're 
expecting in Pens and 50% and 40% in Creative and Steel bottle, which comes to 15%. 
Sneha: 
And lastly, I just wanted to take your views on the inventory days reduction. Now we've been 
targeting that for over a year or so. What is the progress that we are making and what are the 
actions that we are taking? And FY '27, what's the probable reduction that we'll be able to see in 
the working capital cycle? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So the entire working capital, if you see our inventory has -- inventory days went up from 87 in 
the previous year to 94 in this year. And over the period, what we see is this is a marginal 
improvement quarter-on-quarter also. Today, we stand at 97 days. This is majorly because of 
the restocking, as I said, which we anticipated and just to safeguard our interest, we insulated 
with stocking a little extra. 
 
However, if you see my debtors  , the numbers have started coming down in spite of these 
markets. it has come down by 2 days as I said today. And so are my creditors  numbers -- number 
of days have reduced. That means I have started paying the creditors much faster, the cycle has 
become shorter. This entire impact would come to -- this entire impact would work out to almost 
9 days of increasing my working capital going forward. 
 
Going forward, obviously -- , streamline inventory. Inventory prestocking was a onetime event, 
which we said. This is not what we are going to -- is going to repeat. So with the entire West 
Asia crisis coming -- moving in a direction, we see around 5 to 7 days of improvement in 
inventory in the coming 2 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, you mentioned that you have restocked certain inventory in anticipation of price rise. So can 
you just highlight how many months of cover do we have as far as 1Q is concerned? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So in my inventory, when I say raw material and packing material, which constitute -- which 
makes up around 40% of my inventory. And when I say stocking up of the inventory, it's around 
4 to 5 weeks of inventory -- raw material inventory stock up. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. And sir, I just want to understand our export revenue growth trajectory a bit better. 
Because if I look at our own brand sales, it has grown quite handsomely in 4Q, but our export 
OEM revenue is down, if I'm not mistaken. And given the fact that we are facing headwind in 
export markets due to logistical challenges, ideally it should impact the OEM revenue on the 
export side as well as the own brand revenue. But there is some kind of divergence. One category 
is reporting a growth whereas other is declining, so if can just explain this a bit? 
Sumit Rathod: 
If you see in the export market, the overall in the OEM segment, there are many factors and 
recently due to the West Asian conflict that was going on that impacted the overall route, even 
the freight cost and even the route towards the exporting market. But when I say the own brand 
growth, we had a significant growth and even control on our brand and our strategies in those 
countries has helped us grow significantly overall in the export market. 
 
And I think in the -- going forward, we continue to maintain that strategy. And now as you know, 
we have also opened up four new countries. And overall, we are 100-plus countries now in the 
overall export market. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Can you share out of the total export revenue, what is the share of the troubled countries at this 
point in time? And what has been the fall within that category as such? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So the overall export to the Middle Eastern countries is about 25%. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
And the extent of fall that we have seen in this quarter? I mean is it possible to kind of give some 
color on that? 
Mohit Rathod: 
 
So see, past few weeks or past couple of months, we have not been able to export 
there, mainly because of the route is closed. So -- but anyways, when we talk to our buyers and 
our distributors, they are very, very positive because the back-to-school season is coming there 
as well. So they are very, very optimistic about the future business in this year. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Wanted to understand that on growth guidance on Steel Bottles and Creative a bit better, where 
we are seeing a 50% growth for Creatives and 40% for Steel Bottles. I think we launched about 
59 new products in these categories in FY '26. So what is our plan for FY '27 in terms of new 
launches and any touch point expansion that we are planning, especially on the Steel Bottle side? 
 
Because I believe on Creatives, we are at about 65,000 to 70,000 in terms of touch points. So 
what exactly is going to drive the growth in these two categories within Steel Bottles, are we 
planning to add the fourth line anytime soon? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So when we talk about creative as we have seen in last 6 to 7 quarters, the momentum -- we have 
continued the growth momentum. And all the categories in the Creative, we are getting a good 
traction. And we will continue to launch new products this year as well because still we see a lot 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
of the categories we have to increase the depths of offerings of the products. And so the new 
launches will continue for this year as well. 
 
And when we talk about the overall coverage in creative, I would say we would maintain the 
same and reiterate that we would be increasing the depth of the -- and our throughput in each 
and every outlet rather than increasing the number of outlets. 
 
And to answer your other question in Steel Bottles, yes, we are launching a lot of new ranges in 
the coming year as well to increase the overall variety in the bottle. We would be -- since the 
base is small in all three categories, which would be general trade, modern trade and e-com, the 
growth is going to be all across . 
Jinesh Joshi: 
And fourth  line, sir, any plans to add fourth  line within the... 
Alpesh Porwal: 
We are planning to expand our Steel business by adding one more line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair Value Equity Advisory. 
Nitin Jain: 
My question has been answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. More specifically, we have done exceptionally well 
on Creative side and the Bottle. So my first question is, sir, with regards to the capex we have 
done in last three years our gross block has almost gone up from about INR200 crores to INR480 
crores plus -- the cash flow capex, which I can see from last three years cash flow is roughly 
around INR350 crores. 
 
So two questions related to the capex part. One is what further capex we plan to do in the current 
year that is FY '27 and based on the capex which we have done till now and also the commercial 
start of operations at Valsad and Surat, the INR20 crores capex. So typically, with this kind of 
infrastructure, what kind of peak revenues are achievable? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So just to add to this and give you a perspective, we capitalized -- we had a capex spend of 
INR104 crores in the previous financial year. And in Q4 itself, we had INR40 crores. The major 
part of this capex is like you -- I think probably would try to say the plant and machinery and 
moulds. That's a capex spend out here. 
 
What we see in the coming year in this quarter when we capitalize the new Valsad facility, so 
we have another outlay of probably INR60 -- INR70-odd crores. And the total capex for the year 
would go to around INR80 crores, INR90 crores. 
 
Having said this, when we -- historically also, you will see the number of times of revenue which 
we generate from our capital assets is around 3x. And it's more than 3x, so the similar revenue 
is what we expect from all the capital expenditure. 
 
Now to put the capital expenditure, give you a proper perspective, annually, we have a 
replacement, etc., of around INR42 crores. Now with this another INR72 crores of capex coming 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
another INR72 crores, which we capitalize in Valsad over the period of two to three years where 
we see we reached the optimum level of capacity levels, and it would give us a 3x of this 
expenditure. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, just to understand this clearly, based on the current capex plans, which is -- one which is 
completed till 31st March and one which you spoke about the Valsad, have about further around 
INR70 crores. So with this Valsad thing done completely. What kind of peak revenues are 
possible with this existing infrastructure. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Facility or we talking about the total? 
Rahul Jain: 
I'm talking about the peak revenue of the total. Because we have been doing capex for last 2, 3 
years now continuously. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
We have been doing capex and we're also building up manufacturing facility. What we see in 
the next -- the peak revenue from the assets which we would have would come to around 
INR1750 crores of sales which we can do from these facilities which we are building up. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. So including the Valsad new INR70 crores, it will be INR1750 crores? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Yes. That's the capacity which we will ultimately operate. Over the period of time. 
Rahul Jain: 
And as we go forward, do we plan to reduce this intensity of capex reason being that somewhere 
due to the capex or can we go in terms of some kind of asset-light model so that our return ratios 
go beyond, say, 20%, 25%? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
We are not thinking about an asset-light at this point of time. The way we are functioning out 
here by our capital outlays and we're going to continue with that. So it's not that we are saying 
that we have a lot of capital outlay, but as need basis and the opportunities at a given period of 
time. We plan the capex. 
Rahul Jain: 
Within Creatives, we have done exceptionally well last year. And again, we are expecting about 
50% growth in the current year FY '27. So what top two or three product categories are driving 
this growth? And where do you feel still there is a maximum potential to grow at this speed of 
40%, 50% for another 2, 3 years to come? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So the maximum revenue growth, what we have seen in the last couple of years is in the pencil 
category and also in the kids category. So pencil is going to grow further for next 2, 3 years. And 
also, we will be adding new categories in terms of the coloring range of geo boxes strengthen 
our position there as well. And when we talk about the pencil, it is all the pencils I'm talking 
about, which is the mechanical pencil, the wooden pencil facility, which we just added in Surat 
and as well as the two 2mm mechanical pencil, which we recently launched. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, with regards to the rationalization of schemes which you have done and the price increases 
which you have taken across our product categories, as we speak today and we are entering the 
school season school about to start. So how is the demand scenario as we speak today? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Mohit Rathod: 
So the demand is extremely positive when we talk about the back-to-school season. It's very, 
very positive. Okay. So there is no dent on the demand post the price increases which we have 
taken. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. So there is no dent on the demand post the price increases which we have taken? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No, no. 
Rahul Jain: 
And last question, sir, just to clarify on the margin impact. So last year, our operating margins 
have been somewhere around 18% for the full year. And you did alleviate that, of course, due to 
the crude impact, there will be some dent. But for the overall year, you said we should be back 
to around 18% margins for the year as a whole. Is that understanding correct? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So last year, the margins were EBITDA, if you were to talk about is 17.11%. And this year, we 
are closing almost close to 18% EBITDA. Are you talking about the EBITDA margins or you 
talking about the consumption ratio? 
Rahul Jain: 
I'm talking about EBITDA margin, sir? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Exactly. So we have -- we said that we will be -- last year also at the beginning of the year, when 
we had the meet, we had said that we'll do anyways more than what we did the previous year, 
which was 17.1%. And throughout in the all the 4 quarters, we have kind of had a higher margin. 
Rahul Jain: 
I'm talking about the year -- the current year FY'27. So you said there is some impact which 
margins will be there in quarter 1. But for the whole year, probably you feel that as we go 
forward, the overall margins for the full year can be around 18%? 
Sumit Rathod: 
So I think looking at the global scenario right now, I think the overall impact that we maximum 
see right now is a maximum of 1% up and down based on the targets that we have set. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. So the range can be 17% to 19%. That's my last question -- so the margins will be around 
17% to 19% that understanding right? 
Sumit Rathod: 
 
Yes. So like we said that our target was towards 18%. So we might see an impact of 
1% looking at the global scenario. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ananya Nichani from Thinqwise Wealth Managers LLP. 
Ananya Nichani: 
On the receivables there is an improvement, I wanted to understand what exactly drove that and 
whether it's sustainable going forward? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
See, in terms of receivable, where we have shown an improvement, margin improvement, it's a 
simple thing to the process which we have started about the collection and addressing the needs. 
Sumit Rathod: 
See, as you see as the overall impact of the Steel and the Household and the Creative category 
grows, this impact will further correct itself going forward because the strategies that we have 
put in place for these two particular segments are in a better manner as compared to the overall 
history of Pens  credit segments that we maintain. So I think going forward, as we have said that 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
we have improved marginally. I think going forward with this ratio, we will further improve our 
numbers and number of days. 
Ananya Nichani: 
So the receivable will continue to improve? 
Sumit Rathod: 
Yes, for sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from Prospero tree AMC. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Congrats for the good set of numbers. Sir, the could look much better if the standalone also has 
performed better and contributed because since last 2 years, standalone profit  at the operating 
level,it is still rather it is reduced from 2024. So what are the reason why the standalone profit 
is not increasing, though the revenue is growing, but the operating profit is not growing. 
 
It is only the subsidiary which is generating the higher profit and so at the console level, the 
profit and revenue looks good. So what are the steps company is taking to improve the 
profitability of the standalone level? 
Pravin Rathod: 
So across all the companies, whether they are from the main company or the subsidiaries, the 
production of the writing instruments Creatives are spread over. So it is not specifically to any 
particular company that the margins are improving. 
 
It is the overall turnover that happens the way the expansion and the capex has happened in 
various categories in the new company, the subsidiary company, where in 2017, when the tax 
regime had gone down. So major expansion is happening there. you understand. So the output 
of the subsidiaries will always be higher at overall level, while the holding company continues 
to maintain its growth. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Sir, our revenue is growing at the standalone level. And I think at the standalone level, we are 
operating the Pens business. And that business is growing, the revenue is growing, but the 
operating profit is not growing. It was INR176 crores in the FY '24. Now it is INR155 crores 
when we are reporting the INR1,000-plus crores of the revenue at the standalone level. So my 
question is why it is from INR176 crores to INR155 crores and the revenue from INR900 crores 
to INR1,000 crores? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Firstly, let me just kind of clarify over here that when we are looking at Pens business, Creative 
business, these are -- we use molding machines, which are fungible -- between these  segments. 
And as legal entities where we are spread out over Daman, Valsad, Dehradun and Surat, what 
we do is a specific product is manufactured in a manufacturing facility. 
 
This can be either of these companies, legal entities where we manufacture. Depending on the 
product mix again and also on the market of that product, the sales kind of is affected. However, 
if I were to look at it from the consolidated levels, you will see the improvement or the best way 
to look at is consolidated levels. When you're talking of standalone legal entities, I would say 
that these are the byproducts of the product mix, which we have manufactured and sold from 
those manufacturing units. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Okay. Sir if we talk about the consolidated level. So there is a profit GP growth of 16% from 
INR547 crores to INR637 crores, the GP grew, in absolute term it is INR90 crores. Our operating 
profit at the console level grew by INR40 crores. Why? because the employee cost has grown 
by INR43 crores. 
 
If any year where we could not maintain the such GP and because the employee cost is more of 
a fixed nature of cost we will take a hit at the operating level. So will it be a continue process of 
the employee cost is increasing, I think faster than our GP growth. So what is your thought on 
the employee cost and particularly at the operating level, how it will look if there will be no GP 
maintenance or GP growth? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So employee cost, if you look at the absolute number, it might grow, but so does the sales growth. 
At our -- if I do at the console level, my employee cost is same percentage-wise, same at  20% 
to 21%. It's consistent over there. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Yes. So employee cost is a line item over there. That plus job work, which is included in other 
expenses. If you were to total those numbers, then my employee cost remains between 20% and 
21% throughout. So it won't like your fear of it would have an impact on my profit. No. It's only 
the other expenses are decreasing if you see the numbers as a part of percentage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manpreet Arora of Arora from Arora Wealth. 
Manpreet Arora: 
So first question is on the competitive landscape. You mentioned that we can do or we can do 
about 50% growth in our Creative segment. And if you look at the Creative segment, there are 
already players there, we have DOMS, we have FaberCastell, we have Cello, we have Camlin  
etc. 
 
Now to achieve such a high rate of growth, will it be driven by capture of market share or do 
you think this market itself is growing at a very high rate and we could  capturegrow at that rate. 
So if you can talk about the competitive landscape in general and how we are to grow there, sir? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So what we expect from -- the growth is from the -- we will increase our -- grab the market share 
from the existing players in the category by -- and the main reason why we have been growing 
at such a high speed is the innovative products, what we have launched in the last 2 years. And 
the pipeline of the new products which we are planning to launch in the coming years is quite 
exciting. So based on that, we are super confident that we would be able to grab that market 
share from our existing competitors. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Okay. Primarily driven by capturing market share. 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes and of course, new innovative products. Sir, second question is on the Valsad facility. Now 
in the previous quarter presentation said that it will be partially commissioned in quarter 4. Now 
we are saying it will be commissioned or it will start in Q1 FY '27. So has there been a delay in 
commencing the facility? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Sumit Rathod: 
So I think looking at the Q4 overall global scenario. I mean there's a slight delay, but I think in 
Q1 it has already started. So already the machinery, the raw material that was partly delayed but 
I think Q1, like mentioned, it has already started. 
Manpreet Arora: 
So sir, our understanding was that on Valsad starts a lot of the work that we outsource today on 
the Creative side will come in-house and that should also help us in improving our margins. Is 
that understanding still correct? And have you taken that into account because we are saying that 
we lose certain margin because of the volatility, but still guiding for 17%, 18% end of the year. 
So that reduction in margin or that improvement in margin that we get from Valsad is accounted. 
I'm assuming the whole calculation? 
Sumit Rathod: 
We see the overall impact is higher, but considering that also like what you just mentioned, the 
Valsad and bringing a lot of these outside products in-house that will help us maintain and that's 
why we are restricting ourselves to that percentage. And we're still continuing with the guidance 
that we are putting in place despite the global scenario. So yes, definitely, it will help us in 
sustaining and maintaining the numbers that we have targeted despite the global scenario. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Okay. Sir, one last one on the marketing spend. Now a large part of our customer base and 
students of schools and college going students. Now given that, what is our marketing strategy? 
Is it -- so we have a brand ambassador and then I think we do school reach-outs where we try to 
increase visibility of our products and promote. 
 
And but given that the buyer is young and school going, what are the other things -- I mean, are 
we active on social media? And going forward, what will be our incremental marketing spend 
towards this channel? If you can talk about a strategy a bit. 
Mohit Rathod: 
So the strategy will remain the same. We would be actively promoting our products on social 
media and as well as schools promotion will be actively on and a lot of BTL activities in terms 
of using a good POP display stands and acquiring a big shelf space in each outlet. 
Manpreet Arora: 
And this has been our strategy in the last few years as well -- what I'm trying to understand is 
there a change in the strategy or no? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No. It's the same. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I may now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Vimalchand Rathod: 
We would like to thank you all for taking out time for this call. For any further queries and 
questions, you can reach out to our MUFG Intime, our IR advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Flair Writing Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
