 
 
07th May, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1 G Block,     
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) Mumbai – 400051 
 
Trading Symbol: SERVOTECH 
 
Sub.: Intimation for Transcript of Earning Conference Call on Financial Results for the 
Quarter and year ended 31st March, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part-A of Schedule-III of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, in this connection please 
find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earning Conference call held on Friday, 01st May, 2026 
with respect to the financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
The transcript of Earning Calls are also available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.servotech.in  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and oblige. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
FOR SERVOTECH RENEWABLE POWER SYSTEM LIMITED  
(Formerly known as Servotech Power Systems Limited) 
 
        
 
RUPINDER KAUR  
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ICSI MEM NO. - A38697 
 
 
RUPINDE
R KAUR
Digitally signed by 
RUPINDER KAUR 
Date: 2026.05.07 
17:45:12 +05'30'

 
Servotech Renewable Power System Limited 
 
 
Q4 FY26, Earnings Conference Call 
 
Date & Time: 01/05/2026, 14:30 Hrs. IST. 
Event Duration: 43 mins 24 secs 
 
Corporate Participants: 
 
Mr. Raman Bhatia 
Managing Director 
 
Mr. Vipin Kaushik 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
 

English Transcript 
 
Moderator 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY twenty-six investor earnings 
conference call for Servotech Renewable Power System Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during this call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star (*) and then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference call is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raman Bhatia, the 
Managing Director of Servotech Renewable Power System Limited. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. Uh, good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and a warm welcome to the Q4 and full year 
FY26 earnings conference call of Servotech Renewable Power System Limited. Thank you for 
joining us today. I am Raman Bhatia, Managing Director, and I'm joined by our Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Vipin Kaushik. We will walk you through the results, the context behind them, and our 
outlook, after which we will be happy to take your questions. 
FY26 was a transformational year for Servotech. We have started the year with our strongest 
quarter ever recorded as a listed company. Let me start with, uh, what defines the year.  
In Q4 FY26, the quarter just ended on 31st March 2026. Our standalone revenue was 212.2 crores, 
growing 76 percent year on year. Our standalone EBITDA was 23.2 crore, growing 76 year on 
year. And our standalone PAT was 11.7 crore growing 49 percent year on year. On a consolidated 
basis, Q4 revenue was 219 crore, up 49 percent year on year and consolidated EBITDA was 24.2 
crore, up 81 percent year on year. 
This is not a one-quarter phenomenon. The strength is in the second half of the year. Standalone 
revenue in H2 FY26 was 411 crore year on year, while EBITDA margin in H2 was 12 percent, the 
highest in our listed history. In short, we entered FY26 with our strongest run rate ever and with 
capacity already commissioned to support continued growth. 
Coming to the full year. On a standalone basis, revenue from operations was 637 crore, growing 
8.4 percent year on year on a higher basis of 587 crore in FY26 compared to FY25. 
Operating EBITDA was 74.2 crore, growing 26.5 percent year on year. EBITDA margin expanded 
to 11.6 percent, the highest in our listed history, up from 9.7 percent in FY25 and expansion of 
161 basis points. 
Profit after tax was 36.3 crore, growing 8.3 percent. The reason PAT growth lagged EBITDA 
growth was that we commissioned ₹64 crore of a new manufacturing capacity during the year. 
The full year impact of higher depreciation and finance costs from the commissioning is reflected 
in the profit and loss. 
From FY26 onwards, we expect the CapEx flow-through to be lapped, and the operating leverage 
should fully reflect in the bottom line. On a consolidated basis, FY26 revenue was 674 crore 
compared to 676 crore in FY26. Broadly flat. 
Consolidated EBITDA was 71 crore, growing 22 percent, while profit after tax attributable to 
shareholders was 33.5 crore, broadly in line with FY25, 32.7 crore. I want to address the 
consolidated revenue directly. The flat consolidated number compared to the standalone growth 
of 8.5 percent reflects a deliberate scale down of low margin trading activities in our medical 

equipment subsidiary, Rebreathe Medical Device. Rebreathe revenue moved from 98 crores in 
FY25 to 32 crores in FY26. 
As we focus capital on, our higher margin core renewable energy and EV businesses. Excluding 
the single subsidiary effect, our consolidated revenue grew approximately 12 percent year on 
year. The PAT impact of Rebreathe scale down is minimal. The subsidiary remained profitable, 
just at a lower scale. 
Operationally, FY26 was the year of significant capability building. First capacity, we 
commissioned new manufacturing line for solar hybrid inverters and grid-tied models, which is 
now our flagship growth product for battery energy storage systems and for our lithium-ion 
battery packs. We also added quality testing and R&D infrastructure. Total CapEx for the year was 
64 crore. Importantly, this CapEx program is now substantially complete, and it will help us to 
deliver the growth ahead in FY26-27. We expect twenty-seven CapEx to moderate to a lower run 
rate funded entirely from internal accruals. 
Second, product mix. The shift towards solar inverter and higher capacity DC chargers in the 
120kW to 360kW models and BESS is a structural reason for our 200 basis point margin 
expansion. This is not a one-year benefit. As solar DC chargers and BESS volume grow, we expect 
this margin profile to be sustained or modestly improved.  
Third, retail and brand expansion. Our retail channel, which was just 2 crore per month in FY22, 
is now running at approximately 25 crore per month, with major growth expected ahead.The 
support this scaling, we have signed brand ambassador, run TV advertisement campaigns, and 
undertake extensive above the line and below the line marketing activities to create a structured 
platform for these brand building initiatives. We have organized our event management, dealer 
engagement, and content production capabilities through three group entities, Servotech Sports 
and Entertainment, Hertz & Pixelz, and our investment in cricket through the Siliguri Strikers 
franchise. Cricket is the most powerful brand building platform in India, and these initiatives are 
directly supporting the retail channel scale-up that drove our FY26 growth.  
Fourth, EPC and project execution. Our government EPC business, including state EV charging 
tenders and railway projects contract, has grown into a meaningful portion of revenue. We have 
also strengthened our institutional relationship with railway and the major oil marketing 
companies, supported by a strong order pipeline. 
Now, I am talking about balance sheet working capital and FY27 plans. I want to take a moment 
to address our balance sheet movement directly because I expect it will be on your minds. Our 
standalone borrowing increased from 75 crore to 196 crore during the year. Our trade 
receivables increased from 155 crore to 243 crore. Operating cash flow was negative for the year. 
These movements reflect three specific business factors, and each has a clear path to 
normalization in FY27. 
First, CapEx and asset purchase of over hundred and twenty-one crore of fresh debt during the 
year. Approximately 79 crore was deployed into a capital expenditure and asset purchase and 
investment in, solar PV manufacturing company, including the new manufacturing capacity I 
mentioned earlier. This is a invested capital, not consumed working capital. The asset base grew 
from 64 crore to 117 crore, an increase that support our future revenue capacity. 
Second, receivables. The increase in receivable has two specific drivers. Approximately forty 
crores is stuck with oil marketing companies, IOCL, BPCL, HPCL, due to infrastructure related 
payment delays. We have already engaged with our bankers on this, and we are working through 
commercial mechanism to release this position. Approximately 60 crore is in respect of railway 
projects which were in work in progress as of 31st March. Our payment terms on these contracts 
are 60 percent against delivery and 40 percent against commissioning. As these projects 

commission in the current financial year, the cash will flow in together. These two specific 
situations account for approximately 100 crore of our receivable increase, and both have a clear 
path to release. 
Third, working capital cycle structure. As our government EPC business has grown, our working 
capital cycle has structurally lengthened. Milestone billing, retention money for five years, 
performance bank guarantees, and the absence of mobilization advances are inherent features of 
this business model. We are addressing these through specific operational levers in FY27, 
including incremental growth in channel sales where working capital is less than thirty days, 
conversion of retention money to bank guarantee instruments to release working capital, and 
dedicated treasury follow-up on running bill realization. 
Looking forward, FY27 is a year of operational consolidation. We have planned no fresh long-
term debt. CapEx moderate significantly. Our focus is on three measurable outcomes restoring 
positive operating cash flow, reducing our gearing back below half a turn over the year, and 
bringing receivable collection back to industry typical level. 
Importantly, the order book and the run rate we expected Q4 will give us the confidence in our 
top-line trajectory while we execute this normalization. Now hand over to Vipin Kaushik, CFO. 
 
Vipin Kaushik 
Thank you. Just to summarize the key ratios for the financial FY26 on a standalone basis. 
Operating EBITDA margin is 11.6 percentage compared to 9.7 percentage in FY twenty-five. 
Interest coverage on EBITDA basis was 6.2 times, which was well above the stress level. 
Debt to equity at the year-end, 0.74 times. Net debt to EBITDA is 1.8 eight times within 
comfortable lender ranges. Current ratio is 1.5 times. Return on equity is 14.7 percentage. Earning 
per share basis, 1.61 per share, growing 8 percent year on year. Our credit rating from informerics 
remains at BBB+ with a stable outlook on the long term and A two one short term. An upgrade 
received in September 25. We engage to continue productively with the rating agencies. I will 
hand over to Raman sir. 
 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Looking ahead to FY27, we see strong demand variability across our four segments, solar, 
inverter, DC chargers, driven by the central government EV infrastructure rollout, BESS, driven 
by both grid scales and behind the metre application and our project execution pipeline 
supported by healthy order book. FY27 will be a year of operational consolidation built on FY26 
capacity addition. 
Our focus will be on operating leverage flow through working capital normalization and 
disciplined capital allocation. Margin expansion in FY26 was structural and we expect to sustain 
a modestly improve from current level. We will continue to engage proactively with our bankers, 
our rating agencies and our investor community through FY27. With that I would like to thank 
you for your time and your continued support. We can start with the questions. Please open the 
line for questions.  
 
Moderator 
Sure sir. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and 
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may enter star followed by one on the 
touchtone telephones. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may enter 
star and two. Participants are requested to please use only handsets while asking a question. 

Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the queue assembles. The first question 
is from the line of Randhir Kumar Singh from Randhir HUF. Please go ahead. Randhir, your line is 
unmuted. You may go ahead and ask your question. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Okay. Hello sir. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Yes, tell me Randhir ji. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, I would like to know that you have filed four patents and you have received three grants. What 
is the nature of these four patents and is there any further work going on to create an IP? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Yes. Sir, these are in solar and electric vehicle chargers. They are in different topologies. The 
details of the patents that we have shared with you are written there. You can read it. And number 
two is that a lot of work is going on already. I cannot disclose it to you right now because I will 
not be able to take the patent if I disclose it. So, I will assure you as an investor that we are working 
a lot on it. We are working a lot on technology. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, I have seen that you have jumped a lot in fixed assets. Approximately four to five times. So, 
this fixed asset of yours, will this revenue contribution come from this FY27? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
I have just mentioned this in my commentary. I will repeat it again that yes, it will come. This has 
been done so that we can make as many solar and hybrid inverters as possible. And we can make 
as many chargers as possible. And we can also make battery energy storage. This patent has been 
made for them. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, I have been tracking your company for a long time. I found out a year ago that the 
infrastructure was not developed by the government to instal EV chargers. So, has the 
infrastructure been developed yet or how much progress is still left? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
The work is going on. That is why the government has changed the scheme. Now, the work of 
developing the infrastructure has been given to the private parties. You develop it and we will 
support you. So, the model has been changed. Now, it has gone to the PPA model. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, will the share of EV charger in FY27 increase or will it remain constant? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, if you look at the current share, it is approximately 40%. If you look at the current share, it is 
approximately 43%. And 51% is solar in our revenue share. 

 
Randhir Singh 
So, can the revenue share of EV chargers increase further? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
It will remain constant. Because we are doing the same work in solar. So, if the revenue increases, 
it will increase for both. So, the percentage depends on some other factors. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator  
We have a question from the line of Prashant Pardesi, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Prashant Pardesi 
Hello. Hello. Sir, I have a question. Is the company working on a big government project or a 
partnership with an automobile company? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
What does partnership mean? 
 
Prashant Pardesi 
Is the company working on a big government project or a partnership with an automobile 
company? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Hello. 
 
Prashant Pardesi 
Yes, sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
We are working with some companies. We are not working with automobile companies for EV 
chargers, but we are working for on-board chargers. Or we are working with big trucks 
manufacturing companies for big chargers. We are working with them for 120 kW, 240 kW, 360 
kW and bigger chargers. And that work is already going on.  
 
Prashant Pardesi 
Okay, sir. And I had asked you a question last time, sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Yes. It has already started, sir. The work has already started. It started in January. Okay. If you 
were in the last conference call, I told you that it will start in January. It has started in January. 
And now it is picking up slowly. Things are getting streamlined. 

 
Prashant Pardesi 
Okay. And how will the company's numbers be in Q1? What are your expectations? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, I cannot tell you the forward growth plan. I am sorry for the government rules. But all I can 
say is that we are working with them in a very good way. And you must have seen its reflection in 
H2. So, I hope that if we continue with H2 in the same way, then you will see good results in the 
future. 
 
Prashant Pardesi 
Okay, sir. Sir, do you have any other plans to enter into a new business?  
 
Raman Bhatia 
No, sir. We are not entering into a new business. We are working on innovation in these products. 
We do not have any plans to enter into a new product line. Because it has a lot of scope and we 
are working a lot on it. 
 
Prashant Pardesi 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. As a reminder, if you have any questions at this time, you may enter star and one. The 
next question is from the line of Mahesh Pal, an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Mahesh Pal 
Yes. Hello, Mr. Raman. Congratulations on the good results. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. 
 
Mahesh Pal 
I wanted to know two things. One, the lithium-ion battery segment that we have started and the 
branding that we have done. So, what has been the response about that? And secondly, in the last 
three to six months, what has been done to increase the distribution network in the company? If 
you could tell us in detail about that. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Yes. Sir, the first thing is that when we talk about lithium batteries, we have already started that 
battery. We are working with a lot of OEMs who make e-rickshaws. So, we have started giving 
them batteries. But whoever you give batteries to, getting the battery approved in the product, 
getting approval from ICAT, along with their rickshaw. So, it is a time-consuming process. But the 
results are coming and going in that. So, you will get a little bit of pick-up. But simultaneously, we 
have also taken some specs out of batteries for solar. 1.2 kilowatt, 2.5 kilowatt, 5 kilowatt, 10 

kilowatt. And we have also started selling those models in our channel sales with solar. And our 
model of solar hybrid or solar grid-type inverter, its production capacity has also come to around 
12,000 to 15,000 units per month. And we have achieved that. And I said in my commentary that 
when we started channel sales again in 2022, after 2006, then our average revenue per month 
was around 2 crores. This has increased to more than 25 crores in the last month. Now, we have 
crossed 25 crores. We think we will increase it further. So, this is a great success. Also, we are 
working a lot on services. We are using AI a lot. We are using it in a lot of processes and 
infrastructure. We are using it a lot in dashboarding. We are using it in decision-making. And we 
are using it a lot for channel sales. And we are using it a lot for customer acquisition.  
 
Mahesh Pal 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. To ask a question, please enter star and one. The next is a follow-up from the line of 
Randhir Singh. Please go ahead. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, I want to know that the fixed asset that has been created, what is its utilisation level in the 
system? Will it remain in FY27? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Our target in FY27 is to utilise it 100%. We are working on that. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Will it start from the first quarter? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
I will not say first quarter, but we will reach there very soon. 
 
Randhir Singh 
That means from Q2 and Q3? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Yes, from Q2. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Okay. Sir, in the percentage term, I was seeing that the top-line quarter was year-on-year basis in 
the same quarter. It has increased by 66%. And if we compare it with the overall year-on-year 
basis of the entire year, then there is not much growth. So, can you tell a top-line for FY27 in the 
percentage term? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
No, sir. I have already said that I am not allowed to tell you this. If I say anything that will affect 
the investor in a different way,I am sorry, I will not be able to help you in this. But I will say that 
whatever we have done in the last 5-6 years, you should look at it. We are trying to maintain it. 
Simple. 

 
Randhir Singh 
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gitesh Parmar, an individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Hi, thank you. Sir, I would like to congratulate you for your number Q4. It is a very good number. 
Sir, I have a question that I would like to ask you. Maybe it will be a little repetitive. Sir, when you 
talked about the retail channel in the introduction, the 2-25 crores that have reached you, which 
is also in your presentation. Sir, how do you see this ratio, especially for 2027, between the PSU 
and retail channel? How would this look like for your annual sales? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
One minute, sir. I could not understand the question. When you said 2-25 crores, I could not 
understand the question. What are you trying to say? 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, I am asking how would you see the ratio of the retail channel and other channels for 2027? In 
terms of your sales. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
I think that the contribution of the retail channel will be more than 50%. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
50%? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Yes, 50% of the total revenue. That is, government revenue or tender revenue versus channel and 
retail. So, we are trying to cross more than 50%. And we are working on that. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, how is the working capital requirement different in both the channels? How will it affect the 
receivables? If you could tell us in more detail, what are the number of deals generally for retail 
and what are the deals for government? If you could explain a little. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, you are trying to understand the business strategies. Actually, the government project is a 
turnkey project. Turnkey means that first you have to make the material, then you have to sell it, 
then you have to deliver it, then you have to instal it, commission it, and then you have to ask for 
money. This is the government project. Now, when you do any solar project, it takes you an 
average of 70 days to 120 days to complete a small project. So, by default, your payment reaches 

there. You get some partial, but on average, you reach there. Correct? And if you talk in absolute 
terms, then it becomes average. So, let's say you reach 70-80 days. But when we talk about the 
distribution channel, your distributor shares profits with your channel partner. You share profits 
with him. So, the rest of the responsibility is his. So, he gives you money on the day you receive 
the material from them. So, your cycle is already half. So, if you had money there on the 70th day, 
here you get money on the 23rd or 25th day, including inventory turnover. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, Yes, sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, and I will ask this question a little differently. There are some problems with our working 
capital. Do you think we have peaked? The peak is yet to come. It will take another couple of 
quarters for this to basically stabilise. Yes. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
No, we have already reached the peak. The balance sheets and financial books that are being 
written by us are peaked from the investor's point of view. But it is not peaked from our point of 
view because the revenue from the last quarter is more than 200 crores. So, if I assume that there 
is a revenue of 200 crores and my outstanding is 230-240 crores, out of which 100 crores is in my 
commissioning project, which is a standard term. So, according to that, my receivable is not even 
worth of 80-90 days. But if we look at it from the point of view of a standard analyst, then it is 
around more than 140 days. 138 days. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Okay. Sir, thank you. Yes, sir, I am listening. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. To ask a question, you may enter star and one. We have the next question from the 
line of Jay Shah from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Jay Shah 
Hi, sir. I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. What is the revenue like breakup in terms of the 
EV and… Product wise.  
 
Raman Bhatia 
You want to ask product wise or…? 
 

Jay Shah 
Correct. Correct. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Solar products, we are calculating in total. So, it is around 51% of the total revenue. Okay. And if 
we are talking about DC charges, so it is around 15%. And if we are talking about AC and small 
charges, then it is around 27%. And energy storage is still only 1% because it has just started. And 
power is again around 1%. INC and AMC, which will become a very big chunk in coming years, 
that is around 4%.So, it is total is around 100%.  
 
Jay Shah 
Okay. And the margin contribution similar to that, what would be…  
 
Raman Bhatia 
Margin is… Yes. It is overall the same When we talk of GP, we haven’t started bifurcating it yet so 
I can’t tell you much yet. It’s not easy to categorise different expenses but I assure you that we’ll 
be looking into it with much detail in the coming time. 
 
Jay Shah 
Okay. So, going forward for FY27-28 onwards. So, what are the plans in terms of growing the 
company towards like solar-based or you are like planning to penetrate more in EV segment. So, 
like I can see in the presentation, but I just wanted to know from you, like what is your view for 
like couple of years down the line. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, I would like to make a correction here for the benefit of the other investors who are listening 
now, or those who will listen to this tomorrow or read it later. I want to provide clarity because 
there is no confusion on my part. The EV chargers we are producing and the Solar work we are 
doing are not far apart at all, because both are based on renewable power. We are talking about 
green energy, right? So, they aren't very different. Only the product portfolio is distinct. For us, 
they aren't separate; for us, it is all one. This is because we view this, in total, as green energy. 
Right? 
Thirdly, when I say they aren't different, let me explain by mixing the two regarding the chargers 
we are doing now, the first charger we installed last year was installed with battery energy 
storage. This means our charger now comes with solar and with battery energy storage as well. 
EV charger with energy storage is product number one. Similarly, when we work in Solar, energy 
storage is also a part of Solar. So, in one way or another, they complement each other and are 
interconnected, so it isn't easy to separate them. 
 
Jay Shah 
Fine, sir, because I just wanted to know that, like, going forward, in terms of capacity and in terms 
of… 
 
Raman Bhatia 
I would like to answer that. If you look at it from a manufacturing point of view and I have given 
this answer to many of our investors before, when we manufacture an electric vehicle charger or 
a solar inverter, 70-80 percent of the work is common because both are electronic and electrical 

products. The same SMT (Surface Mount Technology) machines are used. The EMS (Electronics 
Manufacturing Services) methodology is the same. The manufacturing process is the same, so we 
don’t need to make any major alterations in the factory or set up a separate facility for it. 
It’s not like making roto-molded benches, which requires one technology, vs. injection molding, 
which requires another. Or like sheet metal work vs. CNC for housing. In electronics, it doesn't 
work like that; more than 70-80 percent of the processes are very common. So, our production 
line supports both. But yes, our thought process is very clear the ratio will remain somewhere 
around 60-40. 60 percent Solar and around 40 percent EV. 
 
 
Jay Shah 
Okay, and going forward, what would be the guidance? I know that you are not willing to give 
exact numbers, but in terms of percentage, so that we can build upon that. 
 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, I am completely willing. There is no issue with willingness because I know what I need to say. 
If I don't know where I or the company need to go, then how will the company get anywhere? This 
means I am fully insuring myself and am completely prepared on my end. However, there is a 
problem with speaking out. For an investor, actually, for any investor, any statement can be 
interpreted in any way, and that interpretation can be taken negatively or positively. Therefore, 
to avoid such situations, SEBI has drafted guidelines, and we are simply following them, or trying 
to follow them. It’s possible we might make a mistake, but we try our best based on what we have 
been taught. 
When we started this work, we didn't come in knowing how listed companies are run or built. We 
simply learned how to work. Then we felt we should bring people on board; we did, and those 
investors made money with us. We didn't work solely for the purpose of making money for 
investors; we worked with the mindset that if we perform well and make money, our investors 
will make money too. Some investors trusted us, and some results came from our hard work, 
which benefited everyone. Right? So, I only want to say one thing I won’t look too far ahead. My 
desire is to repeat what we have achieved in the last five years, and we are working 
wholeheartedly toward that. 
 
 
Jay Shah 
Fine sir, okay. Thank you so much. 
 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. 
 
 
Moderator 
Thank you we have a follow up from the line of Jitesh Parmar individual investor please go ahead। 
 

Jitesh Parmar 
Thank you, sir. I want to ask you about the DC chargers, specifically the new range we are 
discussing, the 120 to 360 kW DC charger range. What percentage of our total production will fall 
into this high-range category? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
I cannot give you an answer right now regarding how much it will be or won't be. There are many 
factors involved here that I won't be able to explain easily over this call. Honestly, I don't even 
know what you are trying to understand from this or what your objective is behind asking this. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, what I am trying to understand is whether there is anything technically different about these, 
or if there are other charging companies providing chargers in this specific range. Secondly, I want 
to know how the majority of these chargers are deployed, meaning, where exactly are they used? 
Raman Bhatia 
Okay, now I understand your question a bit better. Let me explain. Look at how things evolved 
when cars first started appearing in India, or when vehicles started being manufactured globally. 
Take mobile phones as an example; when mobiles first came out, they had very small batteries. 
Their battery consumption was also very low. If we go back 10 or 15 years, before the iPhone era, 
the Nokia or Ericsson phones of that time had tiny screens and very small batteries, yet those 
batteries lasted all day, sometimes even two days. You probably remember this and understand 
what I’m getting at. Consequently, their chargers were also small. 
Then came the era of smartphones. The way we use smartphones today is almost like computers. 
Approximately 70–80% of the work we used to do on computers is now done on our mobile 
phones. Right? Because of this high usage, we have to charge our mobiles twice a day. The same 
thing is happening with electric vehicles. When EVs first arrived, their batteries were small and 
their consumption was low. Now, batteries are much larger, and vehicles with long ranges are 
being launched to address "range anxiety." 
As these types of cars, buses, and trucks enter the market, the future belongs to high-capacity 
chargers. We have to move toward larger chargers. The great thing about us at Servotech is that 
we have always been innovative. We reach the destination before others even start thinking about 
going there. That has always been our target, which is why we started working on this range 
ahead of time. The future belongs to high-power chargers. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Okay, and would this be possible in value terms, what are the general value terms for these 
chargers, meaning for a single charger in this high range of 120 or 360? 

 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, in today’s date, if someone buys an electric two wheeler scooter, they get a charger for ₹1,500. 
Okay? And the charger I am talking about for these large vehicles... this charger costs ₹15 lakh. 
Now, you think about how many ₹1,500 chargers one would have to sell to match the value of one 
₹15 lakh charger. And how many ₹15 lakh chargers we need to sell to reach that quantum, there 
is a difference in the technology you can implement, how large an infra you can build, and how 
much better you can operate it. A lot depends on this, so that is the target. We are working on a 
massive market; we aren't even just talking about 240 or 260. We aren't just talking about 360. 
We are also working on one megawatt chargers. That means being able to start 20, 20, 50, 50 
buses all at once. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Okay, and sir, I would now like to ask about a different subject. Regarding our BESS and battery 
pack manufacturing capacity, if we look at the battery value chain, where do we stand? I mean, 
where we would like to be? Because obviously, the battery value chain is very long with many 
components, so where are we and how do you see this? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Your question was a bit confused. Are you looking at it as a product or what are you trying to 
understand about the battery? 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Yes sir, as a product, meaning, what are we currently doing in manufacturing? Currently, we are 
into assembly or, you know, when we say lithium ion battery our manufacturing, you know... 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, you first need to understand this. In India, 99% of batteries are just assembly. Battery packs 
are strictly assembled because battery cells are not made in India. In fact, they aren't made 
anywhere else besides China. 90% of the manufacturing of cells happens only in China. You need 
to understand this first. So, if anyone says, "I am manufacturing [cells]," you should understand 
that they are not speaking the truth. It is assembling. There is some value add involved, like BESS 
and BMS. That is your own control. The Battery Management System softwares are your own; the 
apps are your own. The mechanical design is your own. Thermal engineering is your own. This 
means you have to value add and indigenize the product for India. We are certainly doing that. So, 
we feel we are standing in a good place because our product has been approved by ICAT, and 
work is ongoing on other specifications, so it seems we will get all the certificates very soon. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Okay sir, and the last question from my side, sir, we spoke in the last quarter. You had said that 
we would like to enter the three wheeler battery pack segment. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, I didn't say three wheeler. I said E-rickshaw. Please check again. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, E-rickshaw, yes sir, I checked. 

 
Raman Bhatia 
I said E-rickshaw, and I am saying it again today. The Sultan battery is specifically for E-rickshaws. 
I answered this a short while ago when another gentleman asked. I have already given the answer 
that we are working with OEMs, so it is a somewhat lengthy and slow process because we have 
to approve it with their product and tune it with their motor controllers and other things, so it 
takes some time. But all that work is underway. Work is ongoing with many manufacturers. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Sir, when will we see a material impact from this in our revenue, is it... 
 
Raman Bhatia 
In the revenue of the last quarter, it has already created a one percentage impact on the entire 
year's revenue, so it has continued to move forward. 
 
Jitesh Parmar 
Okay. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Alright. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a follow-up from the line of Randhir. Please go ahead. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, I want to know if there is any planning for further equity dilution or fundraise through equity? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, many things are currently in progress regarding this. Probably some work is going on 
regarding a QIP. So, we are hoping the market will understand and if things get better, we will 
definitely do it. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Sir, what is the utilization level in percentage for the plan we had for FY 26? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
It is above 60%. For FY 26, which is currently ongoing, sir. If you talk about 26, 27, it will increase 
further. You are perhaps asking this question again; you asked this same question a little while 
ago as well. 
 
Randhir Singh 
Yes, but I hadn't asked about FY 26 then. I had asked about FY 27. Sir, one more question, what 
are the working capital days currently? 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Sir, regarding the debt... 
 

Randhir Singh 
No, sir. What are the working capital days, and can they improve from here? I want to know that. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Absolutely. Sir, I have repeated the points for improvement multiple times. I would like to repeat 
them once more and tell you again that this is why we are looking at a major business diversion 
or the next growth coming from the retail channel and channel distribution, so that working 
capital becomes even better. Our target is to bring it down to 60, 70 days. 
 
Randhir Parmar 
Thank you sir. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Alright, thank you. 
 
Moderator 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the floor over to the management for 
closing comments. 
 
Raman Bhatia 
Thank you. So, thank you ladies and gentlemen for your time and your questions today. FY 26 has 
been a defining year for Servotech. The strongest quarter in our listed history. Our highest ever 
EBITDA margin and capacity now commissioned to support continued growth. The questions you 
have asked today reflect the general engagement that drives us to do better, and we welcome that 
scrutiny. As we enter FY 27, our priorities are clear operational consolidation, working capital 
normalization, and disciplined capital allocation. We are committed to delivering on these 
priorities and to continued transparent engagement with the investor community. On behalf of 
Vipin and the entire Servotech team, I want to thank our shareholders for your continued trust, 
our customers and partners for the long-lasting relationships we share, and our employees for 
their dedication through a year of significant transformation. Should you have any further 
questions following this call, please reach out to our investor relations team. The contact details 
are available on our website. We look forward to engaging with you again at our Q1 FY 27 result. 
Thank you and good day. Bye-bye. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
Thank you very much everyone on behalf of Servotech Renewable Power System Limited. That 
concludes this conference call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 

 
 
Hindi Transcript 
 
 
मॉडरेटर 
 लेडीज एंड जेंटलमैन, गुड डे और सर्वोटेक ररन्यूएबल पार्वर ससस्टम सलसमटेड के Q4 FY 26 इन्वेस्टर असनिंग्स 
कॉन्फ्रेंस कॉल में आपका स्वागत है। एक ररमाइंडर के तौर पर, सभी पासटिससपेंट लाइन्स सलसन ओनली मोड में 
रहेंगी। प्रेजेंटेशन समाप्त होने के बाद आपके सलए सर्वाल पूछने का अर्वसर होगा। यसद आपको इस कॉल के दौरान 
सकसी सहायता की आर्वश्यकता हो, तो कृपया अपने टचटोन टेलीफोन पर स्टार (*) और सफर जीरो दबाकर 
ऑपरेटर को ससग्नल दें। कृपया ध्यान दें सक यह कॉन्फ्रेंस कॉल ररकॉडि की जा रही है। अब मैं कॉन्फ्रेंस को सर्वोटेक 
ररन्यूएबल पार्वर ससस्टम सलसमटेड के मैनेसजंग डायरेक्टर समस्टर रमन भासटया को सौंपता हूँ। धन्यर्वाद, और सर, अब 
आपकी बारी है। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
धन्यर्वाद। अह, गुड मॉसनिंग, लेडीज एंड जेंटलमैन, और सर्वोटेक ररन्यूएबल पार्वर ससस्टम्स सलसमटेड के Q4 और पूरे 
र्वर्ि FY26 के असनिंग्स कॉन्फ्रेंस कॉल में आपका हासदिक स्वागत है। आज हमारे साथ जुड़ने के सलए धन्यर्वाद। मैं रमन 
भासटया, मैनेसजंग डायरेक्टर हूँ, और मेरे साथ हमारे चीफ फाइनेंसशयल ऑसफसर, समस्टर सर्वसपन कोशी भी शासमल 
हैं। हम आपको ररजल्ट्स, उनके पीछे के संदभि और हमारे आउटलुक के बारे में बताएंगे, सजसके बाद हमें आपके 
सर्वालों के जर्वाब देने में खुशी होगी। 
FY26 सर्वोटेक के सलए एक पररर्वतिनकारी र्वर्ि था। हमने एक सलस्टेड कंपनी के रूप में दजि की गई अब तक की 
अपनी सबसे मजबूत सतमाही के साथ साल की शुरुआत की है। मुझे यह बताने के साथ शुरू करने दें सक यह साल 
कैसा रहा। 
Q4 FY26 में, र्वह सतमाही जो अभी 31 माचि 2026 को समाप्त हुई है। हमारा स्टैंडअलोन Revenue 212.2 करोड़ 
था, जो साल-दर-साल 76 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। हमारा स्टैंडअलोन EBITDA 23.2 करोड़ था, जो साल-दर-साल 76 प्रसतशत 
बढ़ा। और हमारा स्टैंडअलोन PAT 11.7 करोड़ था जो साल-दर-साल 49 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। कंसोसलडेटेड आधार पर, 
Q4 Revenue 219 करोड़ था, जो साल-दर-साल 49 प्रसतशत ऊपर था और कंसोसलडेटेड EBITDA 24.2 करोड़ 
था, जो साल-दर-साल 81 प्रसतशत ऊपर था। 
यह केर्वल एक सतमाही की घटना नहीं है। मजबूती साल की दूसरी छमाही में है। H2 FY26 में स्टैंडअलोन Revenue 
साल-दर-साल 411 करोड़ था, जबसक H2 में EBITDA मासजिन 12 प्रसतशत था, जो हमारे सलस्टेड इसतहास में सबसे 
असधक है। संक्षेप में, हमने अब तक की अपनी सबसे मजबूत रन रेट के साथ और सनरंतर सर्वकास को सहारा देने के 
सलए पहले से ही कमीशन की गई कैपेससटी के साथ FY26 में प्रर्वेश सकया। 
पूरे र्वर्ि की बात करें तो। स्टैंडअलोन आधार पर, ऑपरेशंस से Revenue 637 करोड़ था, जो FY25 की तुलना में 
FY26 में 587 करोड़ के उच्च आधार पर साल-दर-साल 8.4 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। 
ऑपरेसटंग EBITDA 74.2 करोड़ था, जो साल-दर-साल 26.5 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। EBITDA मासजिन बढ़कर 11.6 प्रसतशत 
हो गया, जो हमारे सलस्टेड इसतहास में सबसे असधक है, जो FY25 में 9.7 प्रसतशत था और 161 बेससस पॉइंट्स का 
सर्वस्तार था। 

PAT 36.3 करोड़ था, जो 8.3 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। PAT ग्रोथ के EBITDA ग्रोथ से सपछड़ने का कारण यह था सक हमने 
साल के दौरान 64 करोड़ रुपये की नई मैन्युफैक्चररंग कैपेससटी चालू की थी। इस कमीशसनंग से उच्च डेसप्रससएशन 
और फाइनेंस कॉस्ट का पूरे साल का प्रभार्व प्रॉसफट एंड लॉस में सदखाई देता है। 
FY26 के बाद से, हम उम्मीद करते हैं सक कैपेक्स फ्लो-थ्रू पूरा हो जाएगा, और ऑपरेसटंग लीर्वरेज पूरी तरह से बॉटम 
लाइन में सदखाई देना चासहए। कंसोसलडेटेड आधार पर, FY26 Revenue 674 करोड़ था जबसक FY26 में 676 
करोड़ था। मोटे तौर पर स्थथर। 
कंसोसलडेटेड EBITDA 71 करोड़ था, जो 22 प्रसतशत बढ़ा, जबसक शेयरधारकों के सलए PAT 33.5 करोड़ था, जो 
मोटे तौर पर FY25 के 32.7 करोड़ के अनुरूप था। मैं सीधे कंसोसलडेटेड Revenue को संबोसधत करना चाहता हूँ। 
8.5 प्रसतशत की स्टैंडअलोन ग्रोथ की तुलना में स्थथर कंसोसलडेटेड नंबर हमारी मेसडकल इस्िपमेंट सस्िसडयरी, 
'रीब्रीद मेसडकल सडर्वाइस' में कम मासजिन र्वाली टरेसडंग एस्क्टसर्वटीज के जानबूझकर सकए गए स्केल डाउन को दशािता 
है। रीब्रीद Revenue FY25 में 98 करोड़ से घटकर FY26 में 32 करोड़ हो गया। 
चूंसक हम अपने उच्च मासजिन र्वाले कोर ररन्यूएबल एनजी और EV सबजनेस पर कैसपटल केंसित करते हैं। एकल 
सस्िसडयरी प्रभार्व को छोड़कर, हमारा कंसोसलडेटेड Revenue साल-दर-साल लगभग 12 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। रीब्रीद 
के स्केल डाउन का PAT प्रभार्व न्यूनतम है। सस्िसडयरी लाभदायक बनी रही, बस छोटे पैमाने पर। 
ऑपरेशनल रूप से, FY26 महत्वपूणि कैपेसबसलटी सबस्डंग का र्वर्ि था। पहली कैपेससटी, हमने सोलर हाइसब्रड 
इनर्वटिर और सग्रड-टाइड मॉडल के सलए नई मैन्युफैक्चररंग लाइन शुरू की, जो अब BESS और हमारे सलसथयम-
आयन बैटरी पैक के सलए हमारा फ्लैगसशप ग्रोथ प्रोडक्ट है। हमने िासलटी टेस्स्टंग और R&D इंरास्टरक्चर भी जोड़ा। 
साल के सलए कुल कैपेक्स 64 करोड़ था। महत्वपूणि रूप से, यह कैपेक्स प्रोग्राम अब काफी हद तक पूरा हो गया है, 
और यह हमें FY26-27 में आगे की ग्रोथ देने में मदद करेगा। हम उम्मीद करते हैं सक सत्ताईस का कैपेक्स पूरी तरह 
से इंटरनल एक्रुअल्स से सर्वत्त पोसर्त होकर कम रन रेट पर आ जाएगा। 
दूसरा, प्रोडक्ट समक्स। सोलर इनर्वटिर और 120kW से 360kW मॉडल में उच्च कैपेससटी र्वाले DC चाजिर और BESS 
की ओर बदलार्व हमारे 200 बेससस पॉइंट मासजिन सर्वस्तार का संरचनात्मक कारण है। यह एक साल का लाभ नहीं 
है। जैसे-जैसे सोलर DC चाजिर और BESS र्वॉल्यूम बढ़ेंगे, हम इस मासजिन प्रोफाइल के बने रहने या मामूली सुधार की 
उम्मीद करते हैं। 
तीसरा, ररटेल और ब्रांड सर्वस्तार। हमारा ररटेल चैनल, जो FY22 में प्रसत माह ससफि 2 करोड़ था, अब लगभग 25 
करोड़ प्रसत माह पर चल रहा है, सजसमें आगे बड़े सर्वकास की उम्मीद है। इस स्केसलंग को सपोटि करने के सलए, हमने 
ब्रांड एंबेसडर साइन सकए हैं, टीर्वी सर्वज्ञापन असभयान चलाए हैं, और इन ब्रांड सबस्डंग पहलों के सलए एक संरसचत 
मंच बनाने के सलए व्यापक अबर्व द लाइन और सबलो द लाइन माकेसटंग गसतसर्वसधयां शुरू की हैं। हमने तीन ग्रुप 
एंसटटीज, सर्वोटेक स्पोट्िस एंड एंटरटेनमेंट, हट्ि़
 एंड सपक्सेल्ज़ और ससलीगुड़ी स्टराइकसि रैंचाइ़ी के माध्यम से 
सक्रकेट में अपने सनर्वेश के माध्यम से अपने इर्वेंट मैनेजमेंट, डीलर एंगेजमेंट और कंटेंट प्रोडक्शन क्षमताओं को 
व्यर्वस्थथत सकया है। सक्रकेट भारत में सबसे शस्िशाली ब्रांड सबस्डंग प्लेटफॉमि है, और ये पहल सीधे ररटेल चैनल 
स्केल-अप का समथिन कर रही हैं सजसने हमारी FY26 ग्रोथ को प्रेररत सकया। 
चौथा, EPC और प्रोजेक्ट सनष्पादन। हमारा सरकारी EPC सबजनेस, सजसमें स्टेट EV चासजिंग टेंडर और रेलर्वे प्रोजेक्ट्स 
कॉन्ट्रैक्ट शासमल हैं, Revenue के एक साथिक सहस्से के रूप में सर्वकससत हुआ है। हमने एक मजबूत ऑडिर 
पाइपलाइन द्वारा समसथित, रेलर्वे और प्रमुख तेल सर्वपणन कंपसनयों के साथ अपने संथथागत संबंधों को भी मजबूत 
सकया है। 

अब, मैं बैलेंस शीट र्वसकिंग कैसपटल और FY27 प्लान्स के बारे में बात कर रहा हूँ। मैं सीधे हमारी बैलेंस शीट मूर्वमेंट 
को संबोसधत करने के सलए एक क्षण लेना चाहता हूँ क्ोंसक मुझे उम्मीद है सक यह आपके सदमाग में होगा। साल के 
दौरान हमारी स्टैंडअलोन उधारी 75 करोड़ से बढ़कर 196 करोड़ हो गई। हमारे टरेड ररसीर्वेबल्स 155 करोड़ से 
बढ़कर 243 करोड़ हो गए। साल के सलए ऑपरेसटंग कैश फ्लो नकारात्मक था। ये मूर्वमेंट तीन सर्वसशष्ट सबजनेस 
फैक्टसि को दशािते हैं, और प्रत्येक के पास FY27 में सामान्य होने का एक स्पष्ट रास्ता है। 
पहला, कैपेक्स और साल के दौरान एक सौ इक्कीस करोड़ से असधक के ता़ा कजि की एसेट खरीद। लगभग 79 
करोड़ कैसपटल एक्सपेंसडचर और एसेट खरीद और सोलर PV मैन्युफैक्चररंग कंपनी में सनर्वेश में तैनात सकए गए थे, 
सजसमें मैंने पहले उल्लेख की गई नई मैन्युफैक्चररंग कैपेससटी भी शासमल है। यह सनर्वेसशत कैसपटल है, उपभोग की 
गई र्वसकिंग कैसपटल नहीं। एसेट बेस 64 करोड़ से बढ़कर 117 करोड़ हो गया, एक ऐसी र्वृस्ि जो हमारी भसर्वष्य की 
Revenue क्षमता का समथिन करती है। 
दूसरा, ररसीर्वेबल्स। ररसीर्वेबल में र्वृस्ि के दो सर्वसशष्ट चालक हैं। इंरास्टरक्चर से संबंसधत भुगतान देरी के कारण 
लगभग चालीस करोड़ ऑयल माकेसटंग कंपसनयों, IOCL, BPCL, HPCL के पास फंसे हुए हैं। हमने इस पर पहले से 
ही अपने बैंकसि के साथ बात की है, और हम इस स्थथसत को ररलीज करने के सलए कमसशियल मैकेसनज्म के माध्यम 
से काम कर रहे हैं। लगभग 60 करोड़ उन रेलर्वे प्रोजेक्ट्स के संबंध में हैं जो 31 माचि तक र्वकि इन प्रोग्रेस में थे। इन 
कॉन्ट्रैक्ट्स पर हमारी पेमेंट शतें सडलीर्वरी के बदले 60 प्रसतशत और कमीशसनंग के बदले 40 प्रसतशत हैं। चूंसक ये 
प्रोजेक्ट्स र्वतिमान सर्वत्तीय र्वर्ि में कमीशन होंगे, इससलए कैश एक साथ आएगा। ये दो सर्वसशष्ट स्थथसतयां हमारे 
ररसीर्वेबल में हुई र्वृस्ि का लगभग 100 करोड़ सहस्सा हैं, और दोनों के पास ररलीज होने का स्पष्ट रास्ता है। 
तीसरा, र्वसकिंग कैसपटल साइसकल स्टरक्चर। जैसे-जैसे हमारा सरकारी EPC सबजनेस बढ़ा है, हमारा र्वसकिंग कैसपटल 
साइसकल संरचनात्मक रूप से लंबा हो गया है। माइलस्टोन सबसलंग, पांच साल के सलए ररटेंशन मनी, परफॉरमेंस बैंक 
गारंटी और मोसबलाइजेशन एडर्वांस की अनुपस्थथसत इस सबजनेस मॉडल की अंतसनिसहत सर्वशेर्ताएं हैं। हम FY27 में 
सर्वसशष्ट ऑपरेशनल लीर्वसि के माध्यम से इन्हें संबोसधत कर रहे हैं, सजसमें चैनल सेल्स में र्वृस्िशील ग्रोथ शासमल है 
जहाूँ र्वसकिंग कैसपटल तीस सदनों से कम है, र्वसकिंग कैसपटल ररलीज करने के सलए ररटेंशन मनी को बैंक गारंटी 
इंस्टूमेंट्स में बदलना, और रसनंग सबल ररयलाइजेशन पर समसपित टरेजरी फॉलो-अप। 
भसर्वष्य की ओर देखते हुए, FY27 ऑपरेशनल कंसोसलडेशन का र्वर्ि है। हमने सकसी नए लॉन्फ्ग-टमि कजि की योजना 
नहीं बनाई है। कैपेक्स काफी कम हो गया है। हमारा ध्यान तीन मापने योग्य पररणामों पर है सकारात्मक ऑपरेसटंग 
कैश फ्लो को बहाल करना, साल भर में अपनी सगयररंग को र्वापस आधे टनि से नीचे लाना, और ररसीर्वेबल कलेक्शन 
को इंडस्टरी के सामान्य स्तर पर र्वापस लाना। 
महत्वपूणि बात यह है सक ऑडिर बुक और Q4 में सजस रन रेट की हमने उम्मीद की थी, र्वह हमें इस सामान्यीकरण 
को सनष्पासदत करते समय हमारे टॉप-लाइन प्रक्षेपर्वक्र में सर्वश्वास सदलाएगा। अब सर्वसपन कौसशक, CFO को सौंपता 
हूँ। 
 
टिटिन कौटिक 
धन्यर्वाद। स्टैंडअलोन आधार पर सर्वत्तीय FY26 के प्रमुख रेश्यो़ को संक्षेप में प्रस्तुत करने के सलए। ऑपरेसटंग 
EBITDA मासजिन FY पच्चीस में 9.7 प्रसतशत की तुलना में 11.6 प्रसतशत है। EBITDA के आधार पर इंटरेस्ट कर्वरेज 
6.2 गुना था, जो स्टरेस लेर्वल से काफी ऊपर था। 
साल के अंत में डेब्ट टू इस्िटी 0.74 गुना। नेट डेब्ट टू EBITDA 1.88 गुना है जो आरामदायक लेंडर रेंज के भीतर 
है। करंट रेश्यो 1.5 गुना है। ररटनि ऑन इस्िटी 14.7 प्रसतशत है। असनिंग पर शेयर के आधार पर 1.61 प्रसत शेयर, 

साल-दर-साल 8 प्रसतशत बढ़ा। इंफॉमेसटक्स से हमारी क्रेसडट रेसटंग लॉन्फ्ग टमि पर स्टेबल आउटलुक के साथ BBB+ 
और शॉटि टमि में A-2 बनी हुई है। ससतंबर 25 में एक अपग्रेड प्राप्त हुआ। हम रेसटंग एजेंससयों के साथ उत्पादक रूप 
से जुड़ना जारी रखेंगे। मैं रमन सर को र्वापस सौंपता हूँ। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
FY27 की ओर देखते हुए, हम अपने चार सेगमेंट, सोलर, इनर्वटिर, DC चाजिर में मजबूत सडमांड र्वेररएसबसलटी देखते 
हैं, जो केंि सरकार के EV इंरास्टरक्चर रोलआउट द्वारा संचासलत है, BESS, जो सग्रड स्केल और सबहाइंड द मीटर 
एस्प्लकेशन दोनों द्वारा संचासलत है और हमारी प्रोजेक्ट सनष्पादन पाइपलाइन जो स्वथथ ऑडिर बुक द्वारा समसथित है। 
FY27, FY26 की कैपेससटी र्वृस्ि पर आधाररत ऑपरेशनल कंसोसलडेशन का र्वर्ि होगा। 
हमारा ध्यान ऑपरेसटंग लीर्वरेज फ्लो थ्रू, र्वसकिंग कैसपटल ऑगिनाइजेशन और अनुशाससत कैसपटल एलोकेशन पर 
होगा। FY26 में मासजिन सर्वस्तार संरचनात्मक था और हम र्वतिमान स्तर से मामूली सुधार बनाए रखने की उम्मीद 
करते हैं। हम FY27 के दौरान अपने बैंकसि, अपनी रेसटंग एजेंससयों और अपने इन्वेस्टर कम्युसनटी के साथ ससक्रय 
रूप से जुड़ना जारी रखेंगे। इसके साथ ही मैं आपके समय और आपके सनरंतर सहयोग के सलए आपको धन्यर्वाद 
देना चाहता हूँ। हम सर्वालों के साथ शुरुआत कर सकते हैं। कृपया सर्वालों के सलए लाइन खोलें। 
 
मॉडरेटर ़
रूर सर। बहुत-बहुत धन्यर्वाद। लेडीज एंड जेंटलमैन, अब हम प्रश्न और उत्तर सत्र शुरू करेंगे। जो कोई भी प्रश्न 
पूछना चाहता है, र्वह अपने टचटोन टेलीफोन पर स्टार (*) के बाद एक दजि कर सकता है। यसद आप स्वयं को प्रश्न 
कतार से हटाना चाहते हैं, तो आप स्टार और दो दजि कर सकते हैं। प्रसतभासगयों से अनुरोध है सक प्रश्न पूछते समय 
कृपया केर्वल हैंडसेट का ही उपयोग करें। लेडीज एंड जेंटलमैन, कतार तैयार होने तक हम एक पल प्रतीक्षा करेंगे। 
पहला प्रश्न रणधीर कुमार ससंह की लाइन से है। कृपया आगे बढ़ें। रणधीर आपकी लाइन अनम्यूट है। आप आगे बढ़ 
सकते हैं और अपना प्रश्न पूछ सकते हैं। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
हेलो सर, थैंक्स फॉर द अपॉचुिसनटी। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
जी, बताइए रणधीर जी। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
सर मैं यह जानना चाहता हूँ सक जो आपने चार पेटेंट फाइल सकया उसमें तीन ग्रांट हो गया है तो यह जो चारों पेटेंट हैं, 
ये सकस नेचर के हैं और फदिर कोई IP को सक्रएट करने पर और कुछ काम चल रहा है। 
 

रमन भाटटया 
जी, सर ये जो हैं यह सोलर में और इलेस्क्टरक व्हीकल चाजिसि में हैं। अलग अलग टोपोलॉजी में है। इसके बारे में जो 
हमने पेटेंट आपके शेयर सकए हैं उसके बारे में सडटेड र्वहां पर सब सलखा हुआ है सक र्वो पेटेंट सकस बारे में है। आप 
उसको पढ़ सकते हैं एंड जो नंबर टू है र्वो बहुत सारी चीजों में काम चल रहा है ऑलरेडी। तो र्वो तो मैं अभी आपको 
सडथलोज नहीं कर सकता। क्ोंसक पेटेंट लेने के सलए अगर मैं उसको सडथलोज करूंगा तो र्वो पेटेंट मैं ले नहीं 
पाऊंगा। राइट तो इतना ़रूर आपको अश्योर करूंगा एज ए इन्वेस्टर सक हम लोग उस पर काफी काम कर रहे हैं 
और टेक्नोलॉजी में बहुत सारा काम कर रहे हैं। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
और सर मैंने देखा सक सफक्स्ड एसेट में आपका लगभग काफी जम्प हुआ है, लगभग फोर फाइर्व टाइम्स के करीब। 
तो यह सफक्स्ड नेचर का जो आपका यह सफक्स्ड एसेट है, यह क्ा इस FY 27 से इस रेर्वेन्यू कंटरीब्यूशन इसमें आएगा? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
यह बात मैंने अभी अपनी कमेंटरी में सदया है। मैं दोबारा से ररपीट कर देता हूँ सक हाूँ, यह आएगा। यह इससलए सकया 
गया है तासक हम ज्यादा से ज्यादा सोलर इनर्वटिर और हाइसब्रड इनर्वटिर बना पाए और ज्यादा से ज्यादा हम चाजिसि 
बना पाए और हम बैटरी एनजी स्टोरेज भी बना पाए। उन्हीं के सलए यह कैपेक्स सकया गया है। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
और सर एक चीज सक आपने सपछले मैं काफी टाइम से आपको या आपके कंपनी को कॉल कर रहा हूँ, यह टरैक कर 
रहा हूँ। तो उसमें मैंने पहले भी एक साल पहले डेढ़ साल पहले यह पाया था सक इंरास्टरक्चर गर्वनिमेंट के तरफ से 
EV चाजिर लगानी इंस्टॉल करने के सलए डेर्वलप नहीं हुआ था। तो क्ा र्वो इंरास्टरक्चर डेर्वलप अभी हो चुका है या 
उस पर सकतना प्रोग्रेस अभी बाकी है या और मतलब। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
उन सब पर काम चल रहा है। उसी के सलए गर्वनिमेंट ने स्कीम बदल दी है। तो अब इंरास्टरक्चर डेर्वलप करने का 
काम जो है र्वो प्राइर्वेट पाटीज को दे सदया गया है सक आप डेर्वलप करो, हम आपको सपोटि करेंगे। तो मॉडल बदल 
सदया गया है। अब यह PPA मॉडल में जा चुका है। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
तो सर यह FY 27 में EV चाजिर का जो शेयर है रेर्वेन्यू में FY 27 में बढ़ेगा या सफर कुछ कांस्टेंट रहेगा क्ा सर? 
रमन भाटटया 
सर अभी भी जो शेयर है अगर आप देखेंगे तो र्वो करीब करीब 40 प्रसतशत के आसपास है। अभी इतना ही है। हाूँ, 
लगभग अगर आप देखेंगे 10, 20, 40, 43 प्रसतशत के आसपास है चाजिसि का जो शेयर है लगभग 43 प्रसतशत है और 

51 प्रसतशत जो है र्वो सोलर है, हमारे रेर्वेन्यू शेयर में। रेर्वेन्यू शेयर EV चाजिसि का यहां से बढ़ सकता है फदिर। इसके 
आसपास ही रहेगा, क्ोंसक उतना ही काम हम सोलर में भी तो कर रहे हैं। तो अगर जो रेर्वेन्यू बढ़ेगा तो दोनों का 
बढ़ेगा ना। तो परसेंटेज सडपेंड्स कुछ और चीजों पर करती है। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
ठीक है सर थैंक यू। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
थैंक यू। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
धन्यर्वाद। हमारे पास प्रशांत परदेसी और एक व्यस्िगत सनर्वेशक की लाइन से एक प्रश्न है। कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 
हेलो। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
हेलो। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 
सर मेरा एक िेश्चन है क्ा कंपनी सकसी बड़े गर्वनिमेंट के प्रोजेक्ट या ऑटोमोबाइल कंपनी के पाटिनरसशप पर काम 
कर रही है क्ा? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
पाटिनरसशप माने। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 
मतलब ऑटोमोबाइल कंपनी के साथ पाटिनरसशप कर रही है क्ा ऐसा कुछ? 
 
रमन भाटटया 

हम लोग कुछ कंपनीज के साथ काम कर रहे हैं और ऑटोमोबाइल कंपनीज के साथ AC चाजिसि के सलए हम काम 
नहीं कर रहे हैं, लेसकन ऑनबोडि चाजिर के सलए काम कर रहे हैं। या सफर, हम लोग बस या बड़े टरक्स की 
मैन्युफैक्चररंग कंपनीज के साथ बड़े चाजिसि के सलए काम कर रहे हैं, सजसके अंदर 120 सकलोर्वाट, 240 सकलोर्वाट, 
360 सकलोर्वाट और बड़े चाजिसि के सलए हम लोग उनके साथ काम कर रहे हैं और ऑलरेडी र्वो काम चल रहा है। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 
अच्छा ठीक है सर और मैंने सपछली बार भी एक िेश्चन पूछा था सर आपको BESS बैटरी एनजी स्टोरेज ससस्टम का 
सडस्पैच और सडलीर्वरी कब से शुरू होने र्वाला है सर? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
शुरू हो चुका है सर ऑलरेडी काम शुरू हो चुका है। जनर्वरी से शुरू हो गया था। अगर आप लास्ट कॉन्फ्रेंस कॉल 
में थे तो मैंने बोला था जनर्वरी शुरू हो जाएगा। जनर्वरी से शुरू हो चुका है और अब धीरे धीरे र्वो सपक अप कर रहा 
है। चीजें इनलाइन होती चली जा रही है। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 
अच्छा, अच्छा और िाटिर र्वन में कैसे रहेंगे नंबसि सर कंपनी के आपको क्ा उम्मीद है? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
सर मैं फॉरर्वडि जो है ग्रोथ प्लान आपको नहीं बता सकता। मुझे अलाउ नहीं करता है। जो गर्वनिमेंट के जो सेबी के 
रूल्स हैं उसके सलए माफी। लेसकन मैं इतना ही कहंगा सक हम लोग बहुत अच्छे तरीके से काम कर रहे हैं और उसका 
ररफ्लेक्शन आपको H2 में सदख गया होगा। तो मैं उम्मीद करता हं सक अगर र्वो H2 को हम इसी तरीके से लेकर आगे 
बढ़े तो आपको आगे भी अच्छे ररजल्ट्स देखने को समलेंगे। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 
ठीक है सर। सर और कोई नया सबजनेस में एंटरी करने का प्लान है क्ा सर कंपनी का? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
नहीं सर, नया कोई सबजनेस ऐड नहीं कर रहे हैं। नई इन प्रोडक्ट्स में हम कुछ ना कुछ इनोर्वेशन पर काम ़रूर 
कर रहे हैं। नई प्रोडक्ट लाइन कोई ऐड करने का अभी प्लान नहीं है, क्ोंसक इसमें बहुत स्कोप है और हम उस पर 
काफी काम कर रहे हैं। 
 
प्रिािंत िरदे ी 

ओके सर, थैंक यू सर। धन्यर्वाद। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
थैंक यू। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
धन्यर्वाद। एक ररमाइंडर के तौर पर, यसद आपके पास इस समय कोई प्रश्न है, तो आप स्टार और एक दजि कर सकते 
हैं। अगला प्रश्न एक व्यस्िगत सनर्वेशक महेश र्वा़ की लाइन से है। कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
महेि िाज 
 या, हाय, नमस्कार रमन जी, बधाई है अच्छे ररजल्ट्स के सलए। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
थैंक यू। 
 
महेि िाज़ 
दो चीजें जानना चाहता था। एक जो सलसथयम-आयन बैटरी सेगमेंट अपन ने चालू सकया है और सुल्तान जो ब्रांसडंग 
सकया है, तो उसमें कैसा, यानी, क्ा ररस्पांस रहा है उसके बारे में। और दूसरा यानी लास्ट तीन-छह महीने में जो कुछ 
अपना कंपनी में सडस्टरीब्यूशन नेटर्वकि बढ़ाने पर काम हुआ है, उसका अगर थोड़ा सडटेल में बता पाएं आप। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
जी, सर, पहला तो यह है सक जो हम लोग सलसथयम की बात करते हैं, सलसथयम बैटरीज की, तो हम लोगों ने र्वो बैटरी 
ऑलरेडी शुरू कर दी है। बहुत सारे OEMs के साथ हम लोग काम कर रहे हैं, जो ई-ररक्शा बनाते हैं। तो उनको 
हमने बैटरीज देनी शुरू कर दी है। लेसकन सजनको भी बैटरी आप देते हैं, तो प्रोडक्ट में बैटरी को अप्रूर्व कराना, ICAT 
से अप्रूर्वल लेना, उनके ररक्शा के साथ, तो एक टाइम टेसकंग प्रोसेस होता है। बट उस सब के अंदर ररजल्ट्स आते 
चले जा रहे हैं। तो इससलए जो सपक्चर है, र्वो थोड़ा भी स्लो समलेगा आपको। बट साइमल्टेसनयसली हम लोगों ने सोलर 
के सलए भी बैटरीज के कुछ पैक सनकाल सदए हैं 1.2 सकलोर्वाट, 2.5 सकलोर्वाट, 5 सकलोर्वाट, 10 सकलोर्वाट एंड र्वो 
मॉडल भी हमने अपने चैनल सेल्स में बेचना शुरू कर सदया है सर्वद सोलर। एंड सोलर हाइसब्रड का जो हमारा मॉडल 
है या जो सोलर सग्रड-टाइड इनर्वटिर है, उसकी प्रोडक्शन कैपेससटी भी हमारी करीब 12 से 15 ह़ार यूसनट्स प्रसत 
माह की आ चुकी है और हमने उसको अचीर्व कर सलया है। और मैंने अपनी कमेंटरी में यह बताया सक 2022 में जब 
हमने चैनल सेल्स को दोबारा से शुरू सकया था, 2006 के बाद, तो हमारा प्रसत माह का जो एर्वरेज रेर्वेन्यू था, र्वो करीब 
₹2 करोड़ था। जो बढ़ के लास्ट मंथ में हमने ₹25 करोड़ से ऊपर ले गए हैं उसको। नाउ र्वी हैर्व क्रॉथड ₹25 करोड़, 
जो हमें लगता है सक हम और बढ़ा देंगे इसको। तो यह एक बहुत बड़ी सफलता है। प्लस हम ससर्विसेज पर काफी 

काम कर रहे हैं। AI का काफी हमने यू़ करना शुरू सकया है। AI को हम बहुत ज्यादा यू़ कर रहे हैं। बहुत सारे 
प्रोसेसेस में यू़ कर रहे हैं। बहुत सारे इंरा के अंदर बहुत सारा यू़ कर रहे हैं। डैशबोसडिंग में बहुत यू़ कर रहे हैं। 
सडसीजन मेसकंग में यू़ कर रहे हैं और चैनल सेल्स के सलए हम काफी यू़ कर रहे हैं। कस्टमर एस्िसजशन पर 
काफी यू़ कर रहे हैं। 
 
महेि िाज़ 
ओके सर 
 
रमन भाटटया 
ओके थैंक यू। ये बहुत अच्छे सर्वाल थे। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
धन्यर्वाद। प्रश्न पूछने के सलए कृपया स्टार और एक दजि करें। अगला रणर्वीर ससंह की लाइन से एक फॉलो-अप है। 
कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
सर, मैं यह जानना चाहता हूँ सक अभी जो सफक्स्ड एसेट सक्रएट हुआ है, इसका यूसटलाइजेशन लेर्वल क्ा है सर 
परसेंटेज टमि में? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
FY27 में हमारा टारगेट तो यह है सक हम उसको 100 प्रसतशत यूसटलाइज कर लें। उसी पर काम कर रहे हैं। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
यह फस्टि िाटिर से स्टाटि रहेगा? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
फस्टि िाटिर में नहीं कहूँगा, लेसकन हाूँ, हम बहुत जल्दी र्वहाूँ पहुूँच जाएंगे। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
मतलब सक Q2 या Q3 से कर सकते हैं? 

 
रमन भाटटया 
यस, Q2 से। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
सर, यह मैं थोड़ा परसेंटेज टमि में, मैं यह देख रहा था सक टॉप लाइन िाटिर ऑन, यह ईयर ऑन ईयर बेससस से सेम 
िाटिर में 66 प्रसतशत बढ़ा है और ओर्वरऑल ईयर ऑन ईयर बेससस से पूरा साल का अगर कंपेयर करें तो मतलब 
कुछ खास ग्रोथ नहीं रहा है। तो यह FY27 के सलए परसेंटेज टमि में टॉप लाइन बता सकते हैं? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
नहीं बता सकता। मैं पहले भी यह बात बोल चुका हूँ सक मुझे अलाउ नहीं लगता सक मैं कोई भी ऐसी, बात कहूँ, मैं 
माफी चाहूँगी। इसमें मैं आपकी हेल्प नहीं कर पाऊूँगी। बट मैं यही कहूँगा सक जो सपछले पाूँच सालों, छह सालों में 
हमने सकया है, आप उसको देखें। हमारी कोसशश है सक हम उसको मेंटेन करें। ससंपली। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
ओके, थैंक यू सर, थैंक यू। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
धन्यर्वाद। अगला प्रश्न एक व्यस्िगत सनर्वेशक सजतेश परमार की लाइन से है। कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
या, हाय, थैंक यू। सर, आपको बहुत-बहुत बधाई Q4 नंबर के सलए। बहुत अच्छे नंबर थे आपके। सर, मेरे दो-तीन 
सर्वाल हैं जो मैं आपसे पूछना चाहूँगा। शायद थोड़ा ररपीसटसटर्व हो जाएगा। सर, आपने जब अपने इंटरोडक्शन में ररटेल 
चैनल की बात की आपने, उसके जो 2 से 25 करोड़ के आसपास पहुूँच रहे हैं, जो आपके प्रेजेंटेशन में भी है। यह 
रेसशयो सर, आप स्पेशली 2027 के सलए कैसे देखते हैं सबटर्वीन द PSU एंड ररटेल चैनल? हाउ सदस र्वुड, यू नो, 
बेससकली लुक लाइक फॉर योर, यू नो, एनुअल प्रॉबेबली सेल्स? 
रमन भाटटया 
नहीं, मैं एक समनट सर, एक समनट। मैं सर्वाल भी नहीं सुन पाया। आपने जब 2 से 25 कहा सक मैं सर्वाल सुन नहीं 
पाया। क्ा कहना चाह रहे हैं आप? एक बार दोबारा ररपीट करें। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 

सर, मैं यह पूछ रहा हूँ सक ररटेल चैनल का और बाकी अदर चैनल का रेसशयो आप कैसे देखेंगे 2027 के सलए, इन 
टम्सि ऑफ़ योर सेल्स? मुझे ऐसा लगता है सक इसका जो कंटरीब्यूशन है, र्वह करीब-करीब 50 प्रसतशत से ऊपर आ 
जाएगा, ररटेल चैनल का। 50, 50 प्रसतशत? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
यस, 50 प्रसतशत ऑफ़ द टोटल रेर्वेन्यू। यानी सक गर्वनिमेंट रेर्वेन्यू या जो भी आप टेंडर रेर्वेन्यू र्वसेस चैनल एंड ररटेल 
की जब बात कर रहे हैं, तो र्वी सर्वल टराइंग टू क्रॉस मोर दैन 50 प्रसतशत एंड र्वी आर र्वसकिंग ऑन दैट। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
ओके। और सर, यह ब्लू चैनल में र्वसकिंग कैसपटल ररिायरमेंट कैसे सडफरेंट है, जैसे सर, यू नो ररसीर्वेबल र्वगैरह पे 
कैसे इम्पैक्ट आएगा? आप थोड़ा सा, थोड़ा ज्यादा अगर सडटेल में बता सकें। अ, उसमें क्ा नंबर ऑफ़ डे़ होते हैं 
जनरली ररटेल के सलए और क्ा होते हैं गर्वनिमेंट के सलए? अगर एक थोड़ा एक्सप्लेन कर सकें। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
सर, आप सबजनेस स्टरेटजी को समझने की कोसशश कर रहे हैं। एक्चुअल में क्ा है सक गर्वनिमेंट का जो प्रोजेक्ट है, र्वो 
सजतने भी प्रोजेक्ट होते हैं, र्वो टनिकी प्रोजेक्ट होते हैं। टनिकी का मतलब होता है सक पहले आपको उनको मटेररयल 
बनाना है, सफर आपको बेचना है, सफर आपको पहुंचाना है, उसके बाद इंस्टॉल करना है, कसमशसनंग करना, उसके 
बाद पैसे मांगना है। यह गर्वनिमेंट का प्रोजेक्ट है। अब कोई भी सोलर का प्रोजेक्ट जब आप ऐसा करते हैं, तो एर्वरेजली 
आपको 70 सदन से लेकर 120 सदन लगते हैं प्रोजेक्ट को कम्प्प्लीट करने में, छोटे से छोटे प्रोजेक्ट को। तो बाय सडफॉल्ट 
आपकी पेमेंट र्वहां तक पहुंच जाती है। ठीक है। कुछ पासशियल आ भी जाता है आपको, लेसकन एर्वरेजली आप र्वहां 
पहुंच जाते हो। करेक्ट? और अगर आप एिोल्यूट टम्सि में जब बात करते हो तो र्वो एर्वरेज हो जाता है। तो आप मान 
लीसजए 70-80 सदन तक पहुंच गई बात। लेसकन जब हम सडस्टरीब्यूशन चैनल की बात करते हैं, तो सडस्टरीब्यूशन के 
अंदर आपका जो सडस्टरीब्यूटर होता है, र्वो आपके साथ या आपका चैनल पाटिनर प्रॉसफट शेयर करता है। आप उसको 
प्रॉसफट शेयर करते हो, तो आगे का सारा सजम्मा उसका होता है। तो र्वो आपको पैसा उस सदन दे देता है, सजस सदन 
र्वो आपसे माल लेता है। तो आपका साइसकल र्वैसे ही हाफ हो जाता है। तो अगर र्वहां पैसा आपके पास 70-80 सदन 
में आ जाता है, तो यहां पैसा आपको 25-30 सदन में या 35 सदन में आ जाता है। इन्फ्लूसडंग इन्वेंटरी रेर्वेन्यू, इन्फ्लूसडंग 
इन्वेंटरी टनिओर्वर। होप आप समझ गए। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
हाूँ, हाूँ सर। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
थैंक यू। 
 

टजतेि िरमार 
सर, और ये सर्वाल को मैं थोड़े और तरीके से पूछूं सक हमारे जो र्वसकिंग कैसपटल के थोड़े प्रॉब्लम्स है, ओके। डू यू सथंक 
र्वी हैर्व पीक्ड और यू नो पीक अभी आना बाकी है? इट र्वुड टेक अनदर कपल ऑफ़ िाटिसि फॉर सदस टू बेससकली 
स्टेबलाइज। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
नहीं, पीक की बात तो सर हम ऑलरेडी जो हमारे करेंटली, सदखा रहा है, बैलेंस शीट्स और बुक्स सदखा रही हैं 
फाइनेंसशयल, र्वो एक काम इन्वेस्टर के पॉइंट ऑफ़ व्यू से पीक ही है। लेसकन हमारे पॉइंट ऑफ़ व्यू से पीक इससलए 
नहीं है क्ोंसक लास्ट िाटिर का ही रेर्वेन्यू अपने आप में 200 करोड़ के ऊपर है। तो अगर मैं सर यह मान लूं सक 200 
करोड़ का रेर्वेन्यू है और मेरा जो आउटस्टैंसडंग 230-40 करोड़ है, सजसमें से 100 करोड़ मेरा कसमशसनंग र्वाले 
प्रोजेक्ट में है, जो सक स्टैंडडि टम्सि हैं, तो उसके सहसाब से तो मेरा जो ररसीर्वेबल है, र्वो 80-90 सदन का भी नहीं है। बट 
अगर हम स्टैंडडि एनासलस्ट के पॉइंट ऑफ़ व्यू से देखें, तो इट इज अराउंड मोर दैन 140 डे़ टू 138 डे़। ओके। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
थैंक यू। थैंक यू र्वैरी मच। थैंक यू फॉर योर आंसर। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
धन्यर्वाद। प्रश्न पूछने के सलए, आप स्टार और एक दजि कर सकते हैं। हमारे पास एचडीएफसी ससक्ोररटीज से जय 
शाह की लाइन से अगला प्रश्न है। कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
जय िाह 
हाय सर। मैं बस कुछ सर्वाल पूछना चाहता था सक Revenue का ब्रेकअप कैसा है, ईर्वी और प्रोडक्ट के सहसाब से? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
प्रोडक्ट र्वाइज पूछना था है? 
 
जय िाह 
सॉरी, यस प्रोडक्ट र्वाइज। यस। 
 
रमन भाटटया 

सर, Revenue कंटरीब्यूशन इन टम्सि ऑफ़ एव्री, ईच एंड एव्री प्रोडक्ट लाइक सदस। सर, सोलर प्रोडक्ट्स र्वी आर 
कैलकुलेसटंग इन टोटल। सो इट इज अराउंड 51 प्रसतशत ऑफ़ द टोटल Revenue। एंड इफ़ यू आर टॉसकंग 
अबाउट डीसी चाजेस, सो इट इज अराउंड 15 प्रसतशत। एंड इफ़ र्वी आर टॉसकंग अबाउट एसी एंड स्मॉल चाजेस, 
दैन इट इज अराउंड 27 प्रसतशत। एंड एनजी स्टोरेज इज स्स्टल ओनली 1 प्रसतशत सबकॉ़ इट है़ जस्ट स्टाटेड। 
एंड पार्वर इज अगेन अराउंड 1 प्रसतशत। INC एंड AMC, स्व्हच सर्वल सबकम ए र्वैरी सबग चंक इन कसमंग इयसि, दैट 
इज अराउंड 4 प्रसतशत। सो इट्स टोटल इज अराउंड 100 प्रसतशत। 
 
जय िाह 
ओके। और मासजिन कंटरीब्यूशन इसी तरह क्ा होगा? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
मासजिन मोटा-मोटी एक जैसे ही रहता है। क्ोंसक GP पे जब हम बात करते हैं, तो उसको नीचे हमने अभी उसको 
बाइफरकेट करना शुरू नहीं सकया है। तो इससलए बहुत ज्यादा तो नहीं बता पाऊंगा, बट मोटा-मोटी एक जैसे ही 
रहता है। क्ोंसक बहुत सारे खचों को अलग-अलग करना बहुत आसान नहीं है। बैकएंड के जो आपके र्वेयरहाउससंग 
के एक्सपेंसेस हैं, जो प्रोडक्शन लाइन के एक्सपेंसेस हैं, उनको प्रोडक्ट पे लोड करना थोड़ा सा टेढ़ा है और शायद 
हम अभी उतने सक्षम नहीं हैं और उतनी जरूरत लगी भी नहीं है। बट यस, आने र्वाले टाइम में हम इसको ज्यादा 
बारीकी से देखना शुरू करेंगे। 
 
जय िाह 
ओके। ठीक है। एंड लाइक गोइंग फॉरर्वडि फॉर FY27 एंड 28 ऑनर्वड्िस, सो व्हाट आर योर प्लान्स इन टम्सि ऑफ़ 
ग्रोइंग द कंपनी टुर्वड्िस लाइक सोलर बेस और यू आर लाइक प्लासनंग टू पेसनटरेट मोर इन ईर्वी सेगमेंट? सो लाइक 
आई कैन सी इन द प्रेजेंटेशन, बट आई जस्ट र्वांटेड टू नो रॉम यू लाइक व्हाट इज योर व्यू फॉर लाइक कपल ऑफ़ 
इयसि डाउन द लाइन? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
सर, मैं यहां पर ना थोड़ा सा करेक्ट करना चाहता हं सक सजससे बाकी के जो और भी इन्वेस्टर यहां पर हैं, जो सुन रहे 
हैं या इसको कल भी सुनेंगे या आगे भी पढ़ेंगे। मैं लेररटी देना चाहता हं सक इसमें मुझे कोई कन्फ्यूजन नहीं है। हम 
जो EV चाजिसि कर रहे हैं या जो हम सोलर कर रहे हैं, ये दोनों एक दूसरे से बहुत दूर नहीं हैं, क्ोंसक ये सब ररन्यूएबल 
पार्वर के ऊपर है। हम ग्रीन एनजी पे बात कर रहे हैं। राइट? तो बहुत ज्यादा दूर नहीं है। ससफि प्रोडक्ट पोटिफोसलयो 
अलग है। हमारे सलए कोई दूर नहीं है। हमारे सलए सब एक है। सबकॉ़ हम इसको इन टोटल जो देख रहे हैं, र्वो ग्रीन 
एनजी देख रहे हैं। राइट? और तीसरी बात, जब हम कहते हैं सक ये अलग नहीं है, तो मैं इसको आपको और समक्स 
करके बताता हं सक जो अभी हम चाजिर कर रहे हैं, इसमें हमने जो पहला चाजिर इंस्टॉल सकया था लास्ट ईयर में, र्वो 
इंस्टॉल सकया था सर्वद ए बैटरी एनजी स्टोरेज। दैट मीन्स नाउ आर्वर चाजिर सर्वद सोलर, सर्वद बैटरी एनजी स्टोरेज 
आल्सो। EV चाजिर सर्वद एनजी स्टोरेज प्रोडक्ट नंबर र्वन ऐसे जब हम र्वहां करते हैं सोलर तो एनजी स्टोरेज इज आल्सो 
ए पाटि ऑफ़ ए EV एनजी स्टोरेज इज ए पाटि ऑफ़ द सोलर। तो यह कहीं ना कहीं एक दूसरे को कॉस्म्प्प्लमेंट भी कर 
रहे हैं और एक दूसरे के साथ जुड़े हुए हैं तो इसको बहुत ज्यादा दूर करना बहुत आसान नहीं है। 

 
जय िाह 
ठीक है सर सबकॉ़ मतलब आई जस्ट र्वांटेड टू नो सक लाइक गोइंग फॉरर्वडि सो ऑन इन टम्सि ऑफ़ कैपेससटी एंड 
इन टम्सि ऑफ़… 
 
रमन भाटटया 
इस बात का जर्वाब देना चाहंगा। अगर आप मैन्युफैक्चररंग पॉइंट ऑफ़ व्यू से देखेंगे तो इसका मैंने पहले भी अपने 
बहुत सारे इन्वेस्टसि को यह जर्वाब सदया था क्ोंसक इलेस्क्टरक व्हीकल चाजिर हम जब बनाते हैं या हम जब सोलर 
इनर्वटिर बनाते हैं तो इसमें 70-80 प्रसतशत जो काम है ना र्वह कॉमन है सबकॉ़ इलेक्टरॉसनक एंड इलेस्क्टरकल प्रोडक्ट 
है तो र्वही SMT मशीन चलती है। र्वही EMS का तरीका है। र्वही मैन्युफैक्चररंग का प्रोसेस है तो हमें फैक्टरी में कोई 
बहुत ज्यादा अल्टरेशन करने की कोई जरूरत नहीं है सक भाई उसके सलए एक अलग सेटअप होगा। यानी सक ऐसा 
नहीं है सक जब मैं कहंगा सक मुझे रोटो मोड अगर बेंचेस बनानी है तो उसके सलए एक अलग टेक्नोलॉजी है और जब 
मैं इंजेक्शन मोस्डंग की बात करूंगा तो एक अलग टेक्नोलॉजी है। या मुझे जब हाउससंग बनानी है तो शीट मेटल का 
ही अलग काम है और CNC तो इलेक्टरॉसनक्स में ऐसा नहीं होता है तो मोर दैन 70-80 प्रसतशत जो प्रोसेसेज हैं र्वो बहुत 
कॉमन है। तो हमारी जो प्रोडक्शन लाइन है र्वो सपोटि करती है। बट यस, जो हमने अपना थॉट प्रोसेस है र्वो बड़ा 
स्लयर है सक इसकी जो रेसशयो है र्वो 60-40 के बीच में कहीं रहेगी। 60 प्रसतशत सोलर एंड 40 प्रसतशत के आसपास 
EV। 
 
जय िाह 
ओके एंड गोइंग फॉरर्वडि व्हाट र्वुड बी द लाइक गाइडेंस लाइक आई नो दैट यू आर नॉट सर्वसलंग टू लाइक सगर्व 
एग्जैक्ट नंबसि बट इन टम्सि ऑफ़ परसेंटेज और मतलब सो दैट यू कैन सबड अपॉन दैट। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
सर्वसलंग सर सर्वसलंग पूरी है। सर्वसलंग में कोई इशू नहीं है क्ोंसक मुझे जो बोलना है र्वो मैं जानता हं। अगर मेरे को भी 
पता होगा सक मुझे कहां जाना है या कंपनी को कहां जाना है तो कंपनी जाएगी कहां से। इसका मतलब मैं तो पूरी 
तरह से अपने आप को इन्फ्श्योर कर रहा हं और अपने तरफ से पूरी तरह से तैयार है। लेसकन बोलने में प्रॉब्लम भी 
होती है। इन्वेस्टर के सलए करेक्ट इन्वेस्टर के सलए सकसी भी बात का सकसी भी बात का कोई भी मतलब सनकाला जा 
सकता है और उस मतलब को लेकर कोई भी चीज सकसी भी तरीके से नेगेसटर्व भी ली जा सकती है। पॉसजसटर्व भी 
ली जा सकती है। तो इससलए कोई भी ऐसी बात करने से बचने के सलए ही सेबी ने गाइडलाइन्स डराफ्ट सकए हैं और 
हम ससफि उसका पालन कर रहे हैं और कुछ नहीं कर रहे हैं या पालन करने की कोसशश कर रहे हैं। सफर भी हो 
सकता है कोई गलती हमसे हो जाए, बट हम अपनी तरफ से पूरी कोसशश करते हैं जो हमें ससखाया गया है। क्ोंसक 
हम जब आए थे तब हम जब शुरू हुए थे काम करने में तो हम सलस्टेड कंपनीज कैसे चलती हैं, कैसे बनाई जाती हैं, 
यह सीख के नहीं आए थे। हमने तो काम करना सीखा था। सफर लगा सक हमें लोगों को साथ जोड़ना चासहए जोड़ा 
और लोगों ने इन्वेस्टसि ने हमारे साथ पैसा बनाया। हमने इन्वेस्टसि के पैसे बनाने के सलए काम नहीं सकया था। हमने 
काम सकया था सक हम कर रहे हैं और हम पैसा बनाएंगे तो हमारा इन्वेस्टर भी बनाएगा। तो कुछ इन्वेस्टसि का भरोसा 
रहा हमारे पर और कुछ हमारे काम का फल समला सजससे सबके सबका भला हो गया। राइट तो मैं ससफि इससलए 

एक ही बात कहना चाहता हं सक बहुत दूर नहीं जाता मैं। सपछले पांच सालों में जो कुछ सकया है उसको ररपीट करने 
की इच्छा है और उसी के सलए पूरे सदल से काम कर रहे हैं। 
 
जय िाह 
ठीक है सर ओके थैंक यू सो मच। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
थैंक यू। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
धन्यर्वाद हमारे पास व्यस्िगत सनर्वेशक सजतेश परमार की लाइन से एक फॉलो अप है कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
थैंक यू सर मुझे आपसे DC चाजिर के बारे में पूछना है जो हम लोग नई रेंज की बात कर रहे हैं। 120 टू 360 kV रेंज 
DC चाजिर। सकतने प्रसतशत होंगे जो हाई रेंज में होगा। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
अभी इसका जर्वाब नहीं दे सकता हं सर आपको सक सकतना होगा या सकतना नहीं होगा। इसमें भी बहुत सारे फैक्टसि 
हैं जो मैं इतनी आसानी से आपको जर्वाब नहीं दे पाऊंगा अभी ऑन कॉल सक र्वो क्ा होगा और सकतना होगा। मैं भी 
नहीं। मैं यह भी नहीं जानता सक आप इससे समझना क्ा चाह रहे हैं। आपका क्ा ऑब्जेस्क्टर्व है। आप क्ों क्ा। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
समझना चाह रहा हं सक सर मैं यह समझना चाह रहा हं सक क्ा कुछ इलेस्क्टरक सडफरेंट र्वे सर और कोई है चासजिंग 
कंपनी जो हमें यह रेंज में चाजिर प्रोर्वाइड करती है और दूसरी बात यह है सक यह र्वाले चाजिर का मेजॉररटी सडप्लॉयमेंट 
कैसे होता है, कहां पर होता है मतलब। अगर आप समझें तो आप समझो। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
हां, अब आपका सर्वाल थोड़ा सा मैं समझ पाया। मैं आपको समझाता हं। ऐसा है जब सहंदुस्तान में गासड़यां आनी शुरू 
हुई थी जब दुसनया में गासड़यां बननी शुरू हुई थी। अगर आप भी देखें चाहे र्वो mobile की बात करते हैं तो जब पहले 
कभी mobile आता था तो उसमें बहुत छोटी सी battery होती थी। ठीक है और र्वो उसकी battery consumption 
भी बहुत कम होती थी। अगर हम आज से 10 15 साल पुराने चले जाएं iPhone र्वगैरह से पहले में तो जो Nokia के 

phone आते थे या Ericsson के phone आया करते थे उनमें छोटी सी screen होती थी तो उसके अंदर बहुत छोटी 
सी battery हुआ करती थी और र्वो battery पूरा सदन चलती थी। Even दो दो सदन चलती थी। आपको याद है 
आपको शायद मेरी बात समझ पा रहे हो सक मैं क्ा कहना चाह रहा हं। तो उसके charger भी होते थे। सफर जब 
smartphone का जमाना आया और जो अभी हम smartphone को सजस तरीके से use करने लग गए हैं, लगभग 
computer की तरह use करते हैं। जो काम सकसी जमाने में हम सब computer पर सकया करते थे, लगभग उसका 
70-80 percent काम हम आज की date में अपने mobile पर करते हैं। ठीक है ना? तो इससलए mobile हमें सदन 
में दो-दो बार charge करना पड़ता है क्ोंसक काम हो नहीं पाता। same ऐसा ही electric गासड़यों में हो रहा है। जब 
गासड़यां आई थी तो उनकी batteries भी छोटी थी। उनकी consumption कम थी। अभी batteries भी बहुत बड़ी 
है और range anxiety को ध्यान में रखते हुए बड़ी बड़ी range की गासड़यां आ रही हैं। तो जब ऐसी गासड़यां आनी 
शुरू हुई और buses आ रही हैं और trucks आ रहे हैं तो आने र्वाला time बड़े chargers का ही है तो बड़े charger 
में जाना ही होगा। तो हमारे साथ थारो टेक के साथ अच्छी बात यह है सक हम हमेशा से innovative रहे हैं। जहां लोग 
जाना शुरू करते हैं, सोचते हैं, हम उससे पहले र्वहां पहुंचते हैं। यही target रहा है तो इसीसलए उस time में काम 
करना शुरू कर सदया। आने र्वाला time बड़े chargers का ही है। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Okay और यह possible होगा value terms में यह generally यह chargers की क्ा value terms होते हैं मतलब 
एक charger के सलए यह बड़ी range के 120 या 360 के। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
Sir आज की date में जो scooter खरीदता है कोई two wheeler electric उसका charger समलता है ₹1,500 
का। ठीक है और जो यह बड़ी गाड़ी का मैं charger बोल रहा हं। यह charger है ₹15 लाख का। अब आप यह सोच 
लो सक ₹1,500 र्वाला charger सकतने charger बेचेगा सक र्वह ₹15 लाख की value को match करेगा और हमें 
₹15 लाख के सकतने charger बेचने हैं उस value को quantum को reach करने के सलए फकि है technology 
सकतनी आप कर सकते हैं, सकतना बड़ा infra बना सकते हैं और सकतना better तरीके से चला सकते हैं। इससे 
बहुत depend करता है तो target है। कोई बड़ी market पर काम करना even 240, 260 की बात नहीं कर रहे 
हैं। 360 की बात नहीं कर रहे हैं। हम one megawatt के chargers पर भी काम कर रहे हैं। That means एक 
साथ 20, 20, 50, 50 buses एक साथ चालू पाएूँ। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Okay और sir मैं अभी थोड़े दूसरे subject पर पूछना चाहंगा हमारी जो BESS और battery जो battery pack की 
हमारी जो manufacturing capacity है sir र्वह हम value chain में battery की अगर value chain देखें तो उसमें 
हम लोग कहां पर हैं मतलब where we would like to be? Because obviously battery की value chain 
बहुत लंबी है। बहुत सारे इसमें component है तो हम कहां पर हैं और कैसे देखते हैं आप इसे। 
 

रमन भाटटया 
सर्वाल आपका अभी थोड़ा सा confused था। हां, देखते हैं मतलब as a product या क्ा समझना चाह रहे हैं 
battery. 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Yes sir as a product मतलब हम लोग manufacturing में क्ा कर रहे हैं सफलहाल we are into assembly 
और you know when we say lithium ion battery हमारी manufacturing you know। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
Sir पहले आपको यह समझना होगा। Sir पहले आपको यह समझना होगा India में 99% assembly ही होती है 
batteries की। Battery pack assemble ही होते हैं क्ोंसक battery के cells India में नहीं बनते हैं। Even China 
के अलार्वा कहीं और बनती ही नहीं है। 90% manufacturing जो cells की होती है, र्वह ससफि China में होती है। 
यह आपको पहले समझना होगा। तो कोई भी अगर यह कहता है सक मैं manufacturing करता हं तो आप समझ 
लीसजएगा सक र्वह ठीक नहीं बोल रहा। तो assembling होती है। इसमें कुछ value add होता है। जैसे BESS है, 
BMS है। र्वह आपका अपना control हो गया। Battery management system आपके softwares अपने हो गए, 
आपकी apps अपनी हो गई। आपकी जो mechanical design है र्वह आपके अपने हो गए। Thermal 
engineering आपकी अपनी हो गई। यानी सक आपने value add करनी है और product को indigenize करना 
है for India. र्वह जरूर कर रहे हैं हम लोग। तो हम र्वहां पर एक ठीक जगह खड़ा feel करते हैं अपने आप को 
क्ोंसक product हमारा ICAT से approve हुआ है और भी कुछ specifications पर काम हो रहा है तो लगता है 
सारे certificates बहुत जल्दी समल जाएंगे। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Okay sir और last question from my side sir हम लोगों ने सपछले quarter में बात की थी। आप आपने कहा 
था सक हम लोग three wheeler जो है उसमें हम लोग battery you know pack में उतरना चाहेंगे। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
Sir three wheeler नहीं बोला था। E-rickshaw बोला था। आप please check कर लीसजएगा। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Sir E-rickshaw yes sir check सकया। 

 
रमन भाटटया 
E-rickshaw बोला था और आज भी बोल रहा हं। E-rickshaw जो Sultan की battery है, र्वो E-rickshaw के सलए 
ही है। र्वही मैंने बात अभी थोड़ी देर पहले भी एक और दोस्त साहब ने यह सर्वाल पूछा था। जर्वाब दे चुका हं सक 
OEMs के साथ काम कर रहे हैं तो र्वह थोड़ा सा lengthy और slow process होता है क्ोंसक उनके product के 
साथ approve करना, उनकी जो motor controllers हैं और चीजें हैं उनके साथ उसको tune करना तो थोड़ा 
time लगता है। But र्वह सब काम चल रहा है। बहुत सारे manufacturers से काम चल रहा है। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Sir यह कब हम देखेंगे इसका मतलब material impact हमारे Revenue में is it। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
हमारे Revenue में last, last एक quarter में जो Revenue आया है, उसने पूरे साल के Revenue पर one 
percentage impact डाल सदया already तो र्वह आगे बढ़ता चला गया है। 
 
टजतेि िरमार 
Okay. 
 
रमन भाटटया 
ठीक है। Thank you. 
 
मॉडरेटर 
थैंक यू। हमारे पास रणबीर की लाइन से एक फॉलो-अप है। कृपया आगे बढ़ें। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
Sir मैं यह जानना चाहता हं सक further equity dilution करने का कोई planning है क्ा fundraise equity के 
through? 

 
रमन भाटटया 
Sir अभी इस पर बहुत सारी चीजें चल रही हैं। Probably QIP पर कुछ काम चल रहा है। तो उम्मीद कर रहे हैं सक 
कुछ market समझेगी और कुछ बेहतर होगा तो जरूर करेंगे। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
Sir अभी FY 26 के सलए जो भी plan था उसका utilization level क्ा है sir percentage में। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
Around 60% से above है। FY 26 के सलए। जो अभी चल रहा है sir. 26, 27 के अगर आप बात करें तो और 
बढ़ेगा। यह बात को आप सर्वाल को शायद दोबारा पूछ रहे हैं। आप थोड़ी देर पहले भी आपने यही सर्वाल पूछा था। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
जी लेसकन र्वह FY 26 के बारे में नहीं पूछा था। र्वह FY 27 के बारे में पूछ सलया था। Sir एक और question है सक 
working capital days अभी सकतना है sir? 
 
रमन भाटटया 
Sir debt के बारे में आप। 
 
रणधीर ट िंह 
नहीं नहीं नहीं sir working capital days सकतना है और यहां से improve हो सकता है। र्वह जानना चाहता हं। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
सबल्कुल तो sir इसकी improvement के सारे points मैं multiple time repeat कर चुका हं। मैं एक बार और 
repeat करना चाहंगा और आपको सफर बता रहा हं सक इसी के सलए major business की diversion या जो next 
growth है र्वह हम retail channel से और channel distribution से देख रहे हैं so that working capital और 
बेहतर हो जाए और हमारा target है सक हम उसको 60, 70 days तक ले आएूँ। 

 
रणधीर िरमार 
Thank you sir. 
 
रमन भाटटया 
Alright thank you. 
 
मॉडरेटर  
चूंसक अब कोई और सर्वाल नहीं है, मैं लोसजंग कमेंट्स के सलए फ्लोर मैनेजमेंट को सौंपना चाहंगा। 
 
रमन भाटटया 
धन्यर्वाद। तो आज आपके समय और आपके सर्वालों के सलए लेडीज एंड जेंटलमैन, आप सभी का धन्यर्वाद। FY 26 
सर्वोटेक के सलए एक सनणाियक र्वर्ि रहा है। हमारे सलस्टेड इसतहास की सबसे मजबूत सतमाही। हमारा अब तक का 
सबसे उच्चतम EBITDA मासजिन और सनरंतर सर्वकास का समथिन करने के सलए कैपेससटी अब कमीशन की जा चुकी 
है। आज आपने जो सर्वाल पूछे हैं, र्वे उस सामान्य जुड़ार्व को दशािते हैं जो हमें बेहतर करने के सलए प्रेररत करते हैं 
और हम उस जांच का स्वागत करते हैं। जैसे ही हम FY 27 में प्रर्वेश करते हैं, हमारी प्राथसमकताएं स्पष्ट हैं ऑपरेशनल 
कंसोसलडेशन, र्वसकिंग कैसपटल नॉमिलाइजेशन और अनुशाससत कैसपटल एलोकेशन। हम इन प्राथसमकताओं को पूरा 
करने और इन्वेस्टर कम्युसनटी के साथ सनरंतर पारदशी जुड़ार्व के सलए प्रसतबि हैं। सर्वसपन और पूरी सर्वोटेक टीम 
की ओर से, मैं अपने शेयरधारकों को आपके सनरंतर भरोसे के सलए, हमारे ग्राहकों और पाटिनसि को हमारे लंबे समय 
से चले आ रहे संबंधों के सलए और हमारे कमिचाररयों को महत्वपूणि पररर्वतिन के इस र्वर्ि में उनके समपिण के सलए 
धन्यर्वाद देना चाहता हं। यसद इस कॉल के बाद आपका कोई और प्रश्न हो, तो कृपया हमारी इन्वेस्टर ररलेशन टीम से 
संपकि करें। संपकि सर्वर्वरण हमारी र्वेबसाइट पर उपलब्ध हैं। हम Q1 FY 27 के ररजल्ट्स में आपसे सफर से जुड़ने के 
सलए उत्सुक हैं। धन्यर्वाद और आपका सदन शुभ हो। बाय बाय। थैंक यू। 
 
मॉडरेटर 
सर्वोटेक ररन्यूएबल पार्वर ससस्टम सलसमटेड की ओर से आप सभी का बहुत-बहुत धन्यर्वाद। इसी के साथ यह कॉन्फ्रेंस 
कॉल समाप्त होती है। हमारे साथ जुड़ने के सलए आप सभी का धन्यर्वाद और अब आप अपनी लाइन्स सडस्कनेक्ट 
कर सकते हैं। धन्यर्वाद। 
 
