Corporate Office: Gold Hill Square Software Park, No. 690, 1st Floor, Hosur Road, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru - 560 068. India. Telephone: +91-80-4643 1000 / 4643 1222
Regd. Office: Tower C (1st floor), Plot C-21, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai 400 051. India. Telephone: +91-22-6136 0407,
E-mail: investor.relations@hgs.com Website: www.hgs.com Corporate Identity Number: L92199MH1995PLC084610
June 11, 2026
BSE Limited
Corporate Relation Dept. 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street
Mumbai 400 001.
Scrip Code : 532859
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051.
Symbol : HGS
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on June 05, 2026
This is in continuation to Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Conference Call of Hinduja Global Solutions 
Limited held on June 05, 2026.
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement), 
Regulations 2015, we wish to attach herewith the transcript of Q4 & FY2026 Earnings 
Conference Call of the Company held on June 05, 2026.
The transcript can also be accessed using: https://hgs.com/investors/
Thanking you,
For Hinduja Global Solutions Limited
Narendra Singh
Company Secretary
F4853
Encl: As above

 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
Q4 and Full Year FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
June 5, 2026 
 
Key Speakers: 
 
Mr. Venkatesh Korla - Global Chief Executive Officer, HGS 
Mr. Vynsley Fernandes - Whole Time Director, HGS & CEO of NXTDIGITAL Media Business 
Mr. Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati - Global CFO, HGS 
 

 
Page 2 of 26 
Hinduja Global Solutions Limited 
Q4 & Full-Year FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
June 05, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to the Q4 and 
Full Year FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call of Hinduja Global Solutions 
Limited. 
From the Senior Management we have with us today Mr. Venkatesh Korla - 
Global Chief Executive Officer, HGS, Mr. Vynsley Fernandes - Whole Time 
Director, HGS and CEO of NXTDIGITAL Media Business and Mr. Mahesh Kumar 
Nutalapati - Global Chief Financial Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Anand Venugopal from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you 
sir. 
Anand Venugopal: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening, everyone. We welcome you to the Q4 and 
Full Year FY2026 earnings call of Hinduja Global Solutions Limited. 
Before we begin, I would like to highlight that some of the statements made 
during today's call may be forward-looking in nature. These statements 
involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to the company's 
future financial and operational performance. Additionally, in the unlikely 
event of a call drop during the conference, we will ensure the call is 
reconnected at the earliest. 
I would now invite Venkatesh Sir to deliver the opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 

 
Page 3 of 26 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Thank you, Anand. Good evening. Thank you for joining us. 
I am Venkatesh Korla – Global CEO of HGS. 
Let me start by putting the year in context for all of us: 
FY2026 was a year of disciplined transformation for HGS, where we focused 
on strengthening the fundamentals, simplifying the business, and positioning 
ourselves for the next phase of growth. 
We made strong progress in how we go to market. Today, we are operating 
with a single integrated HGS value proposition, bringing together experience, 
platforms, and operations in a much more unified way. This is helping us stay 
more relevant to clients and sharper in our execution. 
We took clear actions to rationalize our cost base across real estate, 
technology, and infrastructure, which has helped us deliver around 200 basis 
points of margin improvement. While reported revenue growth has been 
modest due to a few client ramp downs, the underlying core business remains 
healthy and has been growing. 
Looking ahead, we are seeing improved momentum in pipeline and new client 
wins. We are reinventing the efficiencies, or we are reinvesting the 
efficiencies we have created into growth, building new sales capacity, 
expanding our offerings, and accelerating our AI-led solutions portfolio. We 
see a clear opportunity to support clients in moving from AI experimentation 
to real scaled adoption. Our positioning around intelligent experience 
powered by our realized AI methodology is resonating well because it 
combines Technology with deep process expertise on the frontline. 
This is already visible in client outcomes. For instance, in the UK, we have seen 
a strong turnaround with new contract wins, including public sector programs 
that integrate AI-led solutions with human expertise. Similar momentum is 
building across the US, Canada, and Australia markets as clients increasingly 
look for partners who can deliver measurable outcomes and not just 
technology. 

 
Page 4 of 26 
Overall, we believe we are now better aligned to where the market is headed, 
with a clearer strategy, a stronger pipeline, and a differentiated position in 
the mid-market. 
Let me turn to our financial performance for the year: 
Snapshot of HGS's financial performance Q4 and Full Year FY 2026: 
• 
In Q4, we delivered revenues close to Rs. 1,085 crores. 
• 
Total income stood at Rs. 1,255 crores with EBITDA at Rs. 197 crores 
and margin at 15.7%. 
• 
For the full year, revenue from operations was Rs. 4,307 crores. 
• 
Total income stood at Rs. 4,857 crores with EBITDA of Rs. 649 crores 
and margin at 13.4%. 
Before moving on, I would like to highlight that we are announcing a final 
dividend of Rs. 5 per equity share on par value of Rs. 10 each has been 
recommended by the board for FY2026, subject to the approval of the 
shareholders of the company at the AGM. 
Looking at the growth drivers for HGS, let's see  what's driving this business: 
It's a combination of structural shifts and execution. 
First, a key highlight for the year – new client acquisitions. FY2026 has been 
our strongest year ever, with 79 new clients signed on across BPM and Digital 
services. This is important because it gives us a much broader base for 
revenue growth in FY2027 and beyond as most of our growth comes through 
existing clients. 
Second, we are seeing good pipeline momentum across service lines The 
quality of the pipeline has also improved. Its more outcome led, more 
integrated, and more aligned to transformation deals. Our package solution 
strategy is becoming a real growth engine. We now have eight new solutions 
in the market, including AMLens for anti-money laundering, LoanFlow for 
loan management and processing, KYCVision. 

 
Page 5 of 26 
These offerings are designed to solve very specific business problems with 
faster deployment cycles. Today, AgentX™ is moving from capability to scale. 
We now have 23 active customers and 21 AI assistants in production. 
Importantly, these are not pilots anymore. They are embedded into real 
workflows in client operations. We are seeing a shift towards multi-tower 
deals. 
Key clients are no longer looking at CX, Digital and data offerings separately. 
They increasingly want integrated transformation. This plays directly to our 
strength of being both a BPM and a Digital business. We can bring these 
capabilities together faster instead of operating in silos. 
We are also investing in our FDE-led delivery model, which improves both 
scalability and efficiency and delivers value for our customers. That's a very 
important shift in how clients are approaching AI today. 
We are moving from proof of concept to proof of value, particularly through 
our 90-day programs. More clients are willing to commit to outcomes, and we 
are increasingly co-innovating with them through AI-led centers of excellence. 
Finally, we launched a new brand identity and positioning around intelligent 
experiences in March. This is being received very well in the market. Overall, 
a combination of strong pipeline, better conversion, scalable platforms, and 
deeper client engagement is driving our growth, and we see a bright future 
ahead. 
As for our client satisfaction, which is in the Slide #6 for NPS, HGS ranks in the 
top quartile. I want to speak to you about the trajectory in our NPS. We have 
seen a significant improvement over the last few years as the transformation 
has taken hold. Today, our NPS is at 60, up 12.0 a year, and 68% of our clients 
are promoters. We now sit firmly in the top quartile of the industry branch 
box on client NPS. Importantly, this is not just a metric. We are seeing CSAT 
translate into business expansion with our existing clients, and this is exciting. 
It's not just the clients recognizing us for our hard work, it's the industry and 
the analysts. We won a number of key awards in FY2026. 

 
Page 6 of 26 
We have won several top awards from credible organizations across 
technology, people, and CSR. Solutions such as AMLens, DaVinci™, and teams 
like Data Analytics have been recognized for their innovative capabilities, 
reflecting our transformation towards being an intelligent experience 
partner. We were also GPTW Certified in the U.S. and Colombia during the 
year, showcasing the trust of our people during this transformation that we 
are going through. 
Now, how does our evolution to intelligent experience provider work? All of 
this reflects a broader evolution of HGS. We are moving from being seen 
primarily as a CX service provider to become an intelligent experience 
partner. What this means in simple terms is that we are no longer just 
executing processes. We are designing and delivering outcomes across the 
entire experience value chain, be it customer experience, operations, or 
digital transformation. The shift is very intentional as it aligns with where 
clients' demand is going. 
If you step back and look at the market, we are at a very interesting inflection 
point. There's a lot of investment going into AI, but a large percentage of 
initiators are getting stuck. Today, most pilots don't deliver ROI or fail to scale. 
Enterprises are realizing that they don't just need technology. They need a 
partner who can take ownership of outcomes and actually operationalize AI 
at scale. That's the gap we are focusing on solving. 
They are looking for a partner who can bridge the gap from promise to 
production. Looking at it from our perspective, this brings us into a very 
simple but important point. AI itself is no longer a differentiator. Almost 
everyone has access to similar tools. What really matters now is execution. 
How effectively can AI be embedded into real business processes and deliver 
measurable outcomes. 
This is where we deliver HGS value, we believe HGS is an advantage for our 
customers. This advantage comes from our legacy of 15 plus years. We bring 
decades of experience across customer experience, system integration, data, 
and machine learning. We are not approaching AI as something new. We are 
layering it on top of the capabilities we have been building over many years. 

 
Page 7 of 26 
This always allows us to move faster and with more confidence. That positions 
us very well as an intelligent experienced partner. We see our role to be 
someone who can connect technology, process management, and experience 
design to deliver real business outcomes. Increasingly, this is exactly what our 
clients are looking for. 
Now, looking at delivering intelligent experience with certainty, that's a bold 
promise. Considering today's competitive markets, the way we deliver is 
equally important. As part of our new approach, we focus on certainty of 
outcomes, not just activities or KPIs. Our model brings together intelligent 
platforms, intelligent operations, and intelligent interactions, all built on a 
unified foundation. Whether it's an automation of workflows, improving 
decision-making, or enhancing customer journeys, everything is designed to 
be measurable and embedded in real operations. 
I want to reiterate that it's not an overlay, but part of how the business runs 
today. To support this, we have been building and have built a very broad 
capability stack across AI, data, cloud, cybersecurity, and engineering, 
combined with strong domain services like customer service, finance, HR, and 
digital marketing. This allows us to work not just on isolated problems, but on 
end-to-end transformation programs for our customers. 
Leveraging these capabilities, here are some examples of what we have been 
able to do for our clients: 
• 
We have been able to deliver real AI with real returns across 
marketing, sales, service operations, and compliance. For example, 
for a US-based medical device company, it just helped capture high-
intent patient leads instantly through always-on AI engagement. We 
built a scalable, compliant, AI-powered CX layer that delivers 
consistent empathetic interactions without adding more headcount. 
The results, (+50) of higher engagement, a 35% to 45% uplift in sales 
potential, and response times of under 5 seconds. 
• 
Similarly, for a North American beauty brand, it just built a forward-
looking intelligence platform that spots market trends four to eight 
weeks early. We streamlined research by automating 60% to 70% of 

 
Page 8 of 26 
effort, freeing analysts to focus on insights and strategic advisory. The 
result is a differentiated intelligence layer that brings together trend 
foresight and clear data-backed insights for faster, proper decision-
making. 
How are we doing all of this? We are using a methodology called Realized AI. 
The core idea is very simple. The opportunity isn't more AI tools. It's AI that 
lives inside the workflows where every interaction becomes intelligence you 
can act on. 
Buyers today lack certainty. We are talking to executives who know they need 
to change but are unsure about how clients don't want bots that deflect. They 
want resolution. 
They don't want vendors that slap AI wrappers onto legacy platforms or 
pyramids or a digital patch. They want agentic ecosystems or a multi-agent 
workforce where humans provide oversight to AI agents. Basically, they want 
a partner who engineers intelligent experience with intent. 
What is Realized AI? Realized AI is HGS's operating model for deploying AI in 
production. Not experimentation. It's a risk that is shared and not transferred 
to the customer. We pick one client process, identify the problem, and solve 
it. And we take it from zero to production in 90 days. Once the client sees the 
value, it leads to more business for a longer term. And we scale the AI tooling 
that we build for the customers. 
The Realized AI model has three pillars: 
 First, the team – HGS has almost 18,000 people with real operational 
experience and strong domain knowledge, not just technical 
expertise. These are people who have had thousands of 
conversations with customers, executed multiple paychecks, and 
people who can tell what the emotion is going to be when a customer 
does not get the answer they are looking for. People who know how 
to train hundreds of agents and onboard them over a few weeks. 
These are practitioners. 

 
Page 9 of 26 
 Second, the method – It's a clear scientific model showcasing how we 
document the needs of the clients, build and deploy the technology, 
and measure outcomes using our FDE approach. 
 And third, the AgentX™ Workbench – Our accelerators and pre-built 
components allow us to move quickly and consistently. Together, this 
gives us both speed and reliability in execution. Here's a case study. 
Let me give you a real example in the UK public sector. 
We have deployed what we call, as Case Assist, an AI augmented solution for 
checklist preparation in adult social care. The process used before was manual 
and time intensive and typically took over four hours per case. With our 
solution, it's now down to about 30 minutes with near zero rework. 
This is a significant improvement in both productivity and quality, but the real 
impact is on capacity. We have been able to onboard over 40 additional 
practitioners and help clear large backlogs that were impacting service 
delivery. Importantly, this isn't about replacing people. It's about enabling 
them to focus on judgment and decision making, while AI handles the heavy 
lifting. So, you get faster outcomes, better quality, and better support for the 
citizens who need it most. 
At this point, I want to hand over to Vyns to talk about the Media business. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Thank you, Venk. Good afternoon, good evening, everyone, and welcome to 
the call.  
I am going to go straight to Slide #21, which is the management commentary 
on the Media business. I think a term that Venk used right in the beginning is 
very important, has been very important for us. We mentioned it last year, 
and the term is discipline. 
This entire year, FY2026, has been a year of disciplined execution and a 
portfolio rebalancing for the entire Media business. Clearly, there was the 
need for portfolio rebalancing. This was a question that was asked last year, 
that linear television is in headwinds. 

 
Page 10 of 26 
We are seeing whether it be cable television or DTH or any other linear form 
being impacted by transitions to OTT or to free-to-air services. I think that has 
been a very important thing for us. Therefore, we have focused this year on 
rebalancing our portfolio, and of course, executing it through a very 
disciplined model. 
While doing that, we have focused on ensuring that our broadband business, 
more specifically, our retail broadband business and CelerityX, which is our 
enterprise service, we have developed those as the engines of forward 
growth. They have continued to make significant impact, positive impact 
during the year. As I said, we focused in terms of the digital television or DTV 
vertical to ensure structured cost optimization faced with challenges, as well 
as maintaining ARPUs, which is very important for the average revenue per 
user. 
But I think the highlight of the last quarter has been the signing of a 
Memorandum of Understanding or MoU with the Government of Uttar 
Pradesh for a project called Project Ganga. If you go to Slide #22, this gives 
you a heads-up view or gives you a 360-degree view on what is Project Ganga?  
The State Transformation Commission of the Government of Uttar Pradesh is 
tasked with looking at building a strong vision and mission for the state and 
executing it.  There is a very clear digital inclusion goal set by the Government 
of Uttar Pradesh for extending digital access to consumers and to 
communities without exception. Whether it's access to digital education or 
healthcare, remote work opportunities, other services, be it governance 
services or others, there is a very clear digital inclusion goal of the state, 
especially in under-connected and rural communities. Project Ganga is 
basically a large-scale digital inclusion initiative in the state to be able to 
provide that connectivity. 
We are very proud, as in ONEOTT Entertainment Limited (OIL), our broadband 
vertical for signing this Memorandum of Understanding in March for Project 
Ganga, which stands for Government-Assisted Network for Growth and 
Advancement. The objective of Project Ganga is empowering youth and 
enabling as many as up to 10,000 entrepreneurs at the Nyaya Panchayat level. 

 
Page 11 of 26 
They have to be developed into independent Digital Service Providers or 
DSPs.  An important point to note, it is a very clear mandate for us that the 
project must include a significant number of women entrepreneurs, which is 
clearly the vision and mission of the state. And when the project is completed, 
over 2 million households across the state of Uttar Pradesh will get connected 
with high-speed broadband over the next two to three years. 
To make the project successful, the government has defined a model that 
each selected Digital Service Provider will receive essentially an interest-free 
and collateral-free loan of up to Rs. 5 lakhs. A very strong scheme that the 
government has called the Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami Vikas Avyaan or CM 
Yuva Scheme, under which they will receive this loan. 
Hence, OIL or the broadband vertical of Hinduja Global Solutions is the 
effective enabler knowledge partner. We will not only help facilitate the DSP 
identification but also provide the requisite training in business operations 
and technology. We will also bring all our decades of experience and expertise 
of setting up digital television and networks across the country, including 
broadband connectivity. We will bring all technology and experience to help 
the partners, the DSPs with network design as well as handholding. While 
initially the services that the DSP will provide will be high-speed broadband, 
it will also expand it to Wi-Fi connectivity for public areas, for schools, colleges 
and other areas. There will be access to OTT platforms, there's IPTV that is 
lined up and of course CCTV for homes and connectivity for offices and 
establishments which come under enterprises. 
There's been a lot of positive feedback, and I feel good about it. If you go to 
Slide #23, you will get a sense of the amount of coverage that this has received 
because it is indeed a unique project. Nothing of this scale has ever been done 
before, where over up to 10,000 entrepreneurs are being trained. The local 
entrepreneurs are being trained in digital schemes and effectively developing 
a 100,000 strong parallel workforce of digital warriors because obviously as 
you start digital services, you will need people who are attached to the 
business that could include customer service executives, billing executives, 
linesmen who will have to draw the fiber. In addition to the Project Ganga 

 
Page 12 of 26 
MoU that we signed on the 9th of March, if you move to the next slide, we 
also signed a MoU for Digital Skilling with the UP government to skill 100,000 
youth in terms of digital skills. This is something again that has got a lot of 
traction because our idea is that it's not just the 10,000 entrepreneurs, it's 
also creating a strong robust ecosystem of digital warriors that can help not 
just develop the high-speed broadband push across the state, but all the 
parallel Digital activities. This is something that at HGS, we believe in. It's not 
just the in-road, but it's also the larger envelope of services that could be 
emerging technologies, whether it be cybersecurity or as Venk pointing out, 
artificial intelligence and other related services. All of these would eventually 
get enveloped within a digital skilling workflow going forward. There's a lot of 
excitement on that. There's already a kickoff started and we will keep you 
posted as the project progresses. 
If you look at Slide #25, this is something that we have started sharing with 
you as analysts and investors and people who are interested in looking at how 
the business is really picking up. One of the key KPIs is the value migration.  If 
we compare the last two quarters from a year earlier and where we are 
currently in 2026, it is clear the upselling and packaging strategy has started 
to pay dividends. Customers opting for high-speed plans (above 100 Mbps) 
have increased noticeably. About a year ago, 10.7% of our users were in this 
segment, and this has now risen to 15%. 
The 101 to 200 Mbps is now at 9%. And the 51 to 100 Mbps is at 38%. The 
mid-level package, 51 to 100 Mbps, has significantly jumped from 31% last 
year to 38% this year. We are seeing a lot of positive traction happening in 
that space, to be able to grow. 
And more importantly, entry level packages, as the consumer base grows, we 
also want to see consumers who sign up for the first time picking up higher 
base plans. Earlier, if you looked at the base plans, up to 50 Mbps, nearly 54% 
of our base and 10 to 30 Mbps was about 28%, and 33% in the 31 to 50 Mbps 
in Q4 FY2025. This year has been significant from 54% last year, it's dropped 
to 46% signaling that more consumers are adopting a higher base plan at 
start. 

 
Page 13 of 26 
It's not just reflecting the upselling and packaging strategy of the company. 
But also, there is a clear sense of improved customer affordability, and rising 
data consumption. With the apps that are coming out, the services that are 
coming out, they all require significantly high speed, better bandwidth, less 
breaks, etc. And we can see that reflecting on Slide #25. 
I am going to go to Slide #26. Something that I share every quarter again. The 
two graphs on the left-hand side are our digital television business. It is clear 
that given the headwinds facing the industry and the challenges across the 
linear television industry, we are making sure that we are focusing on 
retaining our customers, and therefore ensuring the churn is well below 2% 
in the last couple of quarters. And at the same time ensuring that the ARPUs, 
the Average Revenue Per User remains stable at 122. It shows the consumer 
obviously, happy with the package that she or him would be selecting. 
On the left-hand side, if you look at the churn, again, which is correlated, this 
is again, a matter of great pride for us. The average churn in the industry is 
close to anywhere between 2 to 3% per month. And we have been able to see 
a significant control kind of coming in at the end of Q4 at about 0.62%. That 
shows also the improved quality of service that we have been providing based 
on the response time from the consumer teams. And is it great? Well, the way 
I see it, I think there's always room for improvement. And we are working 
harder on that. 
At the same time, full credit to the backend teams who have been able to do 
that. Similarly, the back-end teams, which are teams like the finance and 
operating and tech teams, have also been able to pull down the bandwidth 
cost as a percentage of revenue in the retail segment. We were at 28%, but 
thanks to better utilization, better negotiations, better cost optimization 
because of which we have been able to bring that down to 26%. Overall, on 
Slide#21 it shows that broadband, Retail and the enterprise services and, 
CelerityX, which have been developed in the last fiscal as the engines of 
forward growth have been the driver for us. 
This is also reflected in the highlight of Q4, which is the MoU for Project Ganga 
or Government Assisted Network for Growth and Advancement, where we 

 
Page 14 of 26 
will see significant traction in the broadband segment. At the same time 
ensuring that our DTV business, which is facing headwinds, we continue to 
ensure a structured cost optimization, as well as maintaining ARPUs. 
That has been the net effect of the year and focus of the year in the fiscal year 
gone by. 
Thank you all for listening to me patiently.  I am going to hand over to Mahesh, 
who is our Global CFO. Thank you again. 
Mahesh, over to you. 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: Thank you, Vyns. Good afternoon. Good evening, everyone. 
This is Mahesh Kumar Nathalapati – Global CFO. I will be taking you all 
through HGS financial performance for the 4th Quarter and Full Year of 
FY2026. 
As outlined by both Venk and Vyns, FY2026 is a year defined by disciplined 
execution and portfolio rebalancing and a clear pivot toward our intelligent 
experience strategy. 
As we go through the financials, we will realize that FY2026 has been a year 
which absorbed our legacy runoffs. While Q4 showed signs of early recovery 
and in a way positioning FY2027 as a rebuild year. 
Over the next few slides, I will walk you through our consolidated results, 
balance sheet, cash flows, and the composition of our revenue across sources, 
verticals, geographies, and delivery. 
Moving on to Slide #28, which talks about the consolidated performance for 
Q4 FY26 on a sequential basis on a year-on-year basis: 
Revenue from operations is around Rs. 1,085 crores with operating expenses 
of Rs. 1,057 crores. The total other income stood at Rs. 170 crores. The total 
income, including revenue from operations and total other income comes to 
Rs. 1,255 crores with a total EBITDA of Rs. 197.1 crores. And on a percentage 
basis, it is 15.7% for the quarter. 

 
Page 15 of 26 
The sequential expansion reflects the operating leverage from our pipeline 
conversions and the disciplined cost actions that we took throughout the year 
and which will be continuing in the next year as well, where we can see some 
impact of the cost still flowing through, incremental cost on account of the 
actions that we are taking going through FY27 of H1. 
As you can see, Q4 Results show sequential recovery in top line and margins. 
If you look at the core business, it remains stable when we adjust for runoffs. 
I want to reiterate here that runoffs that we had in FY2026 are non-recurring 
in nature. 
On the positive side, these runoffs certainly help us in mitigating the client 
concentration risk. With the Q4 results, we can reasonably assure you all that 
all the cost discipline actions are materializing. As Venk also mentioned, we 
have seen an upside in the margins of around 200 basis points. Operations 
are becoming more efficient, and we can see Q4 as more of a trend shifter 
rather than a target achieved kind of a scenario. 
Moving on to Slide #29, which talks about full year performance at the 
consolidated level and on a sequential basis also comparison is there: 
Revenue from operations is Rs. 4,307 crores and operating expenses are Rs. 
4,208 crores with a total other income of Rs. 549.7 crores. Considering that 
the total income comes to Rs. 4,857 crores with a total EBITDA of Rs. 648.6 
crores at a percentage of 13.4%. 
As mentioned earlier, FY2026 has been a year of disciplined execution. We 
have rebalanced the portfolios, expanded our Digital and AI offerings and 
exited the year with a strong margin profile Then we entered it with 79 new 
signings across BPM and Digital as Venk mentioned in his presentation as well.  
I feel this is the best year we ever had on new logos. With these signings, we 
are entering FY2027 with meaningful revenue visibility. 
Headline numbers though are flat, but drivers are clearly understood and we 
feel Q4 has been the first signal of stabilization. 

 
Page 16 of 26 
Moving on to Slide #30, which gives a snapshot of our balance sheet at the 
consol level: 
Our financial position remains robust. Financial assets, which include 
investments, loans given and bank balances, continue to provide ample 
liquidity to fund both organic growth and as well as any strategic investments 
in AI, package solutions and the broadband built out as outlined by both Venk 
and Vyns in their respective presentations. 
We continue to operate from a position of financial strength. Net treasury 
and cash surplus stood at around Rs. 5,346 crores, which gives us enough 
flexibility for us to invest behind the realized AI framework and Project Ganga 
without compromising returns. 
Moving on to Slide #31, which talks about a brief of cash flows at the 
consolidated level: 
FY2026 cash flows has been a year of investments in both operations and as 
well as on strategic priorities. On strategic priorities, capital was deployed in 
AI-led centers of excellence, package solutions and the broadband and 
CelerityX expansions while maintaining a conservative leverage. The quality 
of our cash flow gives us confidence in funding the next phase of growth from 
internal actuals. 
Moving on to the next slide, Slide#32, which is the revenue composition by 
source: 
Looking at the revenue composition by source, our mix continues to evolve in 
line with our intelligent experience strategy, with growing contributions from 
digital, data, AI and platform-led engagements, alongside our core CX and 
BPM business. The core CX BPM business continues to break 55%, whereas 
Digital and Media services are at 45% for full year FY2026. 
For Q4, it was 58% for CX and Digital and Media services at 42%. This 
diversification is exactly what we set out to achieve. Higher margins to get 
distilled revenue layered on top of resilient core. We expect this trend to 

 
Page 17 of 26 
accelerate in FY2027, as the new 79 new signings ramp and AI assistance 
move from pilots to productions. 
Moving on to the next slide, Slide#33, which is operating revenue composition 
by vertical: 
Tech, Media and Telecom continue to be a bigger vertical with 50% 
contribution coming in. BFSI is 18%, Retail 17% and public sector at 8%. The 
public sector momentum is encouraging for us, anchored by UK and Canada 
public sector wins, and as Vyns also mentioned about Project Ganga and the 
Digital scaling MoUs. These create a multi-year revenue runway with a strong 
social impact alongside commercial returns. 
Moving on to Slide #34, which talks about operating revenue composition by 
origination: 
On origination, that is where the revenue is sold from. We maintain a healthy 
mix across India, North America, UK, Europe and Asia Pacific. 
Contributing around 38% from India, 28% from the US, UK at 13% and others 
at around 5%.  
The geography spread continues to be a key competitive advantage and 
natural hedge against any regional softness. Multi-tower deals combining 
digital data and experiences are increasingly being originated across 
geographies, and we expect this multi-region, multi-service platforms to be 
meaningful growth vector in FY2027.  
Moving on to Slide #35, which talks about operating revenue composition by 
delivery. In delivery mix, we continue to leverage our global delivery footprint 
to optimize our client outcomes, cost efficiencies and language coverage. If 
you look at it, FY2026 delivery mix, India being the highest with 42% delivery 
happening from India, 19% from the US and around 28% if you add US and 
Canada and UK 10% with all public sector deliveries happening with 
Philippines around 13%. 

 
Page 18 of 26 
Our India and offshore delivery centers, as I mentioned, remains a structural 
mass and advantage for us while onshore and deliveries being scaled 
selectively for regulated and hi-tech engagements. 
To summarize: 
FY2026 delivered around Rs. 4,307.4 crore in revenue, an EBITDA of Rs. 648.6 
crores at 13.4%, a stronger balance sheet, healthy cash and a record year on 
new signings. With realized AI scaling package solutions live with clients and 
Project Ganga underway, we are entering FY2027 with confidence and clear 
momentum. 
Looking forward, we definitely remain cautiously optimistic. Despite ongoing 
macro uncertainties and continued client caution in the near term, our high-
quality pipeline, AI-driven differentiation and disciplined execution position 
us to deliver steady improvements in growth and margins over time. Our 
priority remains driving sustainable, profitable growth with an unwavering 
focus on productivity, cost discipline and capital efficiencies. 
With that, I will hand it back to the moderator. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Your first question comes from the line of Samrudhi Bane from 
Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 
Samrudhi Bane: 
Thank you for taking my question. The first question is regarding DaVinci™. It 
is described as CS Data Lake and received industry recognition as well. What 
are its four used cases and how does it complement our other AI offerings? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Let me take that. DaVinci™ is a platform that we have created where we are 
able to pull information from all the customer interactions that we have on 
behalf of a brand into a centralized data lake where we not only bring the 
metadata about a given call or a given chat or a text message or an interaction 
that is being handled, we are also able to bring information from call 
transcripts. We are able to bring information from email transcripts or email 
summarization using AI, bring it all together in one location, combine it with 

 
Page 19 of 26 
other metrics such as average handle time and quality of the call and things 
like that, which allows us to, number one, provide a way for customers to 
extract interaction insights to understand what are the common call drivers, 
which call drivers are trending higher, where we are taking the most amount 
of time. It also identifies interactions that can be automated using AI. That's 
the second used case. Third used-case is it provides a 360 degree view of the 
end consumer who is making the call so that we can actually help our human 
agents who are taking the calls to be able to be more empathetic and to be 
able to answer the questions more easily that the consumer has, so making 
them more efficient and effective in what they are trying to achieve and 
represent the brand more efficiently. These are the three used cases that we 
are seeing. The fourth, of course, is a financial discipline used case where it 
gives you the full operational visibility of exactly where the stress points are 
in the service we are delivering. That is the value of the data lake and the used 
cases that we are seeing. 
Samrudhi Bane: 
How does it complement? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Well, it complements, number one, to run our operations more efficiently. It 
allows us to move our existing operations, which are human-led, with 
customers where it is human-led, to actually show our customers where the 
value is in moving them to be more agentic in nature and where we can 
actually deploy conversation AI or knowledge AI and identify where the 
inflection points are to drive value for the customers using AI. It goes back to 
the whole principle of you don't use AI for the use of using technology. You 
use it to actually to deliver value. First, you need to know where to apply AI 
to deliver value. The data lake actually allows you to identify those insights. 
Samrudhi Bane: 
Okay. Absolutely. My second question was regarding the case study on social 
care. It showed a dramatic reduction in the checklist with patient time. Are 
there any similar deployments coming in other public sector agencies or 
provinces? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Yes, so that was with the first agency. Now, that is being picked up and we are 
working with multiple different agencies in the public sector, both in the UK 
and in Canada. We are also starting to see the needs coming up in the US, 

 
Page 20 of 26 
where we are talking to these agencies. And it's not just about healthcare case 
workers, right? It could also be any other cases that the citizens want from 
the government, and we are able to deploy this and help improve efficiencies 
for these public sector organizations. 
Samrudhi Bane: 
Just a small doubt I had that as we are planning for the CAPEX and on the 
same time, we have announced dividend payout as well. Can you shed some 
light on this? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Actually, could you repeat the question, please? Sorry, I missed the initial 
part. 
Samrudhi Bane: 
As we are planning for the CAPEX, we will require funds, but on the same time, 
we have declared dividends as well. So, can you shed some light on this? 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Yes, so last year, we could not declare dividends. We see improved 
performance and as we have the company generating profitability this year 
through its deployed assets and we are also trying to move towards this bright 
future, we think that with the improved performance and future outlook, we 
are recommending to declare dividends to share the value with the 
shareholders. There's enough cash assets in the company and we are not 
concerned about shortage of funds as we go through the transformation. We 
see a bright future and so we thought it's best to share the optimism and 
potential growth with the shareholders. 
Samrudhi Bane: 
Sure, sure. Thank you. Thank you so much for taking my question and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Of course. Thank you. The next question comes from Ranga Prasad, an 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Ranga Prasad: 
Good evening, everyone. At the outset, let me say that I am very happy that 
the company has announced a dividend of Rs. 5 per share. Hopefully, this 
signifies that the management sees the company returning to profitability 
sooner than later. I myself am very confident that this will happen at the 
corporate level. Although I am concerned with the steep losses that the Media 
and Communication division is facing quarter after quarter. Just in the last 

 
Page 21 of 26 
one quarter, it declared a loss of Rs. 50 crores and for the whole year, Rs. 175 
crores. And this is in spite of all the many positive initiatives that the company 
is taking. My question is where do we go from here? I mean, after all these 
positive initiatives, if we are still faced with losses what steps can we take to 
mitigate these losses? Because only if the Media division starts to perform 
can we expect the whole corporation to perform at the corporate level. So, if 
you could throw some light on that as to additional initiatives you could be 
taking to stem these losses, that would be helpful. My second thing is about 
Project Ganga. It appears to be a very, very ambitious project and I am sure it 
will have a great social impact. But my concern stems from the investment 
that this will entail and if you can expect this to contribute to our profitability 
in any way. I would like some light to be thrown on this. Thank you. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Sure. Good evening, Sir. Vyns here. Wonderful having you. And thank you for 
that. As regard to the numbers, I am going to ask Rajiv, our Media Group CFO 
to explain. Rajiv, I hope you are available on the call. You are there? 
Rajiv Bhargava: 
Yes, I am. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
You can explain that in a moment. But first, let me just answer more from a 
strategy perspective. Sir, you are absolutely right. We have been taking a 
whole bunch of initiatives. It's not any secret that the pay TV business or the 
linear television business is facing significant headwinds. And rather than us 
sitting on our hands and kind of moaning the industry, we have been active 
in terms of doing several things. For example, I will give you specifics. 
CelerityX, which is the enterprise broadband business that we developed 
barely a year and a half ago, revenues have increased for the enterprise 
business by 2x in this year. The total contract value, which is the TCV, has 
increased by 5x. What we have been trying to do in this last year is to build in 
terms of engines of forward growth and to see slowly but surely, how do we 
recover from the losses and the challenges faced by the linear television 
business? Is it happening? It's happening. Is it happening at a rapid pace? No, 
sir. That is the challenge we are facing. That is something in terms of the 
numbers that Rajiv will share with you in a moment. But it has been 
disciplined execution. There's been structured cost optimization this year, 

 
Page 22 of 26 
whether it be our network operating costs, our content costs or our business 
operating costs, all of those have been brought under control. Rajiv can just 
give you a flavor of that impact. Sir, on your question on Project Ganga, as I 
mentioned on Slide #22, the way the model works is our investment into the 
project is mainly in terms of our expertise, our knowledge, and our know-how. 
We will be focusing on providing and facilitating the identification, the 
training process, the handholding, and we will support the DSPs with network 
design, in terms of the knowledge that we have imbibed over the last 10, 15, 
20, 25 years. The investment, the capital expenditure, all of that comes from 
the CM Yuva Scheme. The government has a Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami 
Vikas Abhiyan. It's a CM Yuva Scheme which provides a loan to a qualified or 
selected Digital Service Provider for up to 5 lakhs. The way we have structured 
the project is for that to be able to cover his cost of rolling out his network. 
Our model is very clear. We will continue to be an internet service provider, 
and obviously our investment is related to the people, the processes, the 
technology, the website lending our expertise for which we will work in the 
garb of an internet service provider and therefore earning our revenues 
through an ISP model. Effectively the entire capital expenditure and 
expenditure investments will be funded by the CM Yuva Scheme, while we in 
the capacity of an enabler and knowledge partner will provide all the other 
aspects. That's on project Ganga. In terms of your relevant question on the 
losses, Rajiv, I can request you to please step in.  In case Mr. Prasad would like 
any further clarifications, happy to bring that in. But Rajiv, would you like to 
Rajiv Bhargava: 
Yes. Taking forward from what you said, we are taking several initiatives on 
both the fronts, which is the revenue optimization in terms of increasing our 
sales to enterprises, getting a lot of new clients on CelerityX, and also the 
product mix, which we showed in one of the slides,  where we are increasing 
the product mix, the higher bandwidth being consumed by the customer. 
That's where we are taking several initiatives on revenue front, revenue 
optimization, and at the same time we are taking a lot of initiatives on the 
cost optimization side, like the bandwidth cost as percentage of the revenue 
is coming down. We are doing hard negotiations with the telcos and the 
service providers so that our bandwidth cost, which is a key input cost for our 
broadband business, comes down. Similarly, on the DTV front, though it has 

 
Page 23 of 26 
been facing challenges in terms of the subscriber base across the industry 
coming down, however, we are negotiating with the broadcasters, which is 
resulting in good savings. Similarly, we are looking at our entire operations, 
including the G&A (general and administrative cost) where, we are also 
cutting down the cost wherever possible. And of course, Project Ganga should 
give us some kickers. We are hopeful that continuing on the revenue 
optimization and the cost optimization path will bring down losses. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Like I said, the headwinds are not new for the linear business. It is a reality 
what the industry is going through. We will continue to do whatever it takes, 
and I believe initiatives like CelerityX, Project Ganga, and of course, the rapidly 
changing product mix is putting us on the right track, which is why, as Mahesh 
and Venk pointed out rightly, that we can see light at the end of the tunnel. 
Therefore, we are working towards that aspect and hence in line with the 
strategy of the group, Sir. 
Ranga Prasad: 
At this point in time, are you in any position to give us any timeline? Do you 
expect it to take one year, two years, a few quarters? 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
No, Sir I think from an internal perspective, we have a clear timeline. We have 
a clear process. If I may only request you, Sir, this being the first quarter of 
the year, if you allow us to share at the end of Q2, the traction that we have 
gained on Project Ganga as well as other initiatives like CelerityX, perhaps we 
will be able to explain it in greater detail in terms of the timeline. 
Ranga Prasad: 
Thank you very much. Now, I would like to just sign off with just one request 
to management. Please focus on the efficiency of capital, that is the return on 
capital employed. See, the investor is looking at it this way. The book value 
per share is Rs. 1700. Even a reasonable return on that would ensure that we 
get about Rs. 170 crores per share of the EPS, which in turn would definitely 
show an upward momentum of the price in the market. Right now, our 
market price is Rs. 400 a share as against Rs. 1700 book value. Clearly, the 
market is saying that there's going to be destruction of value. Please focus on 
that. Just even a slight improvement will work wonders. With that, I would 
like to sign off with just a request to management to focus on the efficiency 
of capital employed. Thank you. 

 
Page 24 of 26 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. We will look into that. 
Ranga Prasad: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Navya Bhansali with 
Varun Finstock Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Navya Bhansali: 
Hi. I would like to ask about the income tax addition case. What is the update 
on that? 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: Can you be specific which aspect that you are looking at on income tax? 
Navya Bhansali: 
There was a case currently regarding the merger of NXTDIGITAL. Okay. 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: So, you are referring to the GAAR panel case that is? Yes. So, that is 
currently sub-judiced and we have filed an appeal with Bombay High Court, 
and the next hearing is on 12th of June. We will be awaiting the outcome of 
the hearing. But currently, as is there in the public domain, we have contested 
against the direction given by the GAAR panel and the case is with Bombay 
High Court. 
Navya Bhansali: 
Okay. I would like to ask one more question. We have a minus EPS of 34.52. 
Could you please share some light on that? 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: You are talking about the EPS of 34.52, the basic EPS which is reported in 
the publication page. Okay. So, I think that is a straightforward calculation 
that we have done. I think the earnings that we have received for the full 
period on a standalone basis are Rs. (160) crores. On a standalone level, it is 
Rs. (160) crores and that's how the EPS have been derived. FY26 year has been 
a sort of a turnaround year for us. We have been looking at various initiatives 
to ensure that the losses are minimized and we get into a territory of profit 
making and that was the confidence that internally we have and then we also 
expressed that to our board of directors where a recommendation for a 
dividend payout also has happened. FY2026, definitely, we are looking at a 
negative EPS. But as we progress during the year in FY2027 and the years to 
come with the strategic investments that we are making on AI Led deliveries 
and on the broadband side, on the CelerityX side, we definitely look that this 

 
Page 25 of 26 
negative EPS will go and also as pointed out earlier, the capital allocation will 
also start playing results and we can see an upside coming in. 
Navya Bhansali: 
Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as our last question for 
today. I now hand the conference over to the Management for closing 
remarks. 
Venkatesh Korla: 
So, Vyns, go first, Mahesh, and then I will close it. 
Vynsley Fernandes: 
Sure. Well, nothing to add from my side. Thank you everyone for being there. 
It has been, as Venk and Mahesh has pointed out, there is a lot of faith and 
more importantly, we are seeing a lot of traction across the entire businesses 
and I speak for the Media business in terms of aspects of Project Ganga and 
broadband really on the right accelerator mode and thank you very much for 
joining in and we look forward to the next quarter when we will have more to 
report in terms of the progress. Good day to everyone. Mahesh? 
Mahesh Kumar Nutalapati: Thanks, Vyns. I think nothing specific to add but just to reiterate, our 
priority remains driving sustainable and profitable growth with a focus on 
productivity, cost, discipline, and capital efficiencies and we are quite 
optimistic as we look forward for FY2027. Thank you, everyone. And with that, 
I will hand it over to Venk. 
Venkatesh Korla: 
Thanks, Mahesh. Thanks, Vyns. And thanks, everyone, for taking the time to 
join us today. As you all know, we are making progress and we will continue 
to make progress. We see a bright future that is coming up. As the company 
transitions into more of a technology services provider that is focused both 
around process improvement at the intersection of process management and 
technology services, we expect a bright future that is there and we are 
continuing to drive towards that direction with our new platform, World 
Intelligent Experiences. I hope you all have got to see the change in the brand, 
the tone of the direction of the company and the direction it's going. I look 
forward to working with each and every one of my team members to deliver 
the value to all the shareholders. Thank you again. I appreciate your time. 

 
Page 26 of 26 
Moderator: 
Thank you, all the members of the management. On behalf of Hinduja Global 
Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you, everyone, for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
