VIBHOR STEEL TUBES LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Vibhor Steel Tubes Private Limited) 
CIN: L27109HR2003PLC035091 
Regd. Office: Plot No. 2, Industrial Development Colony, Delhi Road, Hisar, Haryana – 
125005 
📞 01662-237359, 222710   ✉️ contact@vstlindia.com   🌐 www.vstlindia.com 
 
 
Manufacturing Units: 
Maharashtra - Pipe Nagar (Vill. Sukeli), NH-17 BKG Road, Via – Nagothane, Teh. Roha, Distt. Raigad, Maharashtra – 402126  
Telangana - SY No. 515 & 516, Udithyala (V), Balanagar (M), Mahabubnagar (Dist.), Telangana – 509202  
Odisha - Plot No. 45, Podbahal, Bhasma-42, Sadar Sundargarh, Sundargarh, Odisha – 770019 
 
VSTL: CS: Earnings Call/Q4/2025-26 
 
 
 
 
                  Date: 
28-05-2026 
To, 
Department of Corporate Affairs, 
BSE LIMITED, 
P.J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G, Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex Bandra [E], Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Scrip Code: 544124 
NSE Symbol: VSTL 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with respect to Audited Standalone Financial 
Results for the Quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated May 15, 2026, filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call to discuss the Audited 
standalone financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 which was held on 
Tuesday, May 26, 2026 at 3:00 P.M, (1ST). 
 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges on May 26, 2026, we are 
enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call. 
 
The same is also available  on the website of the Company at  
 
https://www.vstlindia.com/upload_dynamic_content/Transcript_Concall-
Vibhor%20Steel%20Tubes%20Limited-26052026.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mrs. Pallavi Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A42227 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited 
Pallavi 
Aggarwal
Digitally signed by 
Pallavi Aggarwal 
Date: 2026.05.28 
13:59:08 +05'30'

 
 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Q4 and FY 2026 Earnings 
Conference Call for Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited. 
We have with us today Mr. Vibhor Kaushik – Managing Director of the company. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity 
to ask questions after the management discussion concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star followed by zero on your 
touch-tone phone. 
I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik – Managing Director of 
Vibhor Steel Tubes Limited for his opening remarks and to share with the audience the 
company's performance in Q4 and FY 2026. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Hello, I am Vibhor Kaushik. I welcome everyone for this conference. 
I will start with some data of how the company has performed in the Quarter & H2 and then I 
will give a brief of what the company has done in 20 years before explaining our expansion, 
which we are doing mostly in Jharsuguda plant and some expansion that we are doing in 
Hyderabad. 
The company in Q4 has performed quite well. The revenue has increased 16% compared to last 
year. EBITDA has also increased 26%. 
Another key development in Vibhor Steel this year has been our third unit in Jharsuguda, 
Odisha, where we produce five highway guardrails, also known as crash barriers, octagon and 
high-mass poles, which are used in lighting, and transmission line towers, which are used to 
carry electricity from the source to the end-users. The H2 performance of the company has 
also been quite good. Compared to last year, the revenue has increased by 18%. 
EBITDA has also increased by 21%. Overall, the company has done better and besides the 
performances in numbers and the growth, the company has also expanded itself in the 
production lines from only pipe, now diversification into other sectors, which I will highlight 
more. I will go over a little short detail of the company, the journey of Vibhor Steel, starting 
from 2003. 
For investors, if they are new, I thought it is important that I show them the path, the storyline 
and the journey of Vibhor Steel in a brief way possible so that I can give more time to question 
answers and I can give more time to highlight the development that we are doing. This 
company started in 2003 in Maharashtra, where we were only producing ERW pipe, black and 
galvanized, only till 4 inches. At that time, our installed capacity was quite less. 
We were only doing 10,000 tons yearly. From there, I joined the business in 2007, late 2006-
2007. After studying from the United States, I joined full-time. 
Before joining, I attended a lot of conferences. I attended a lot of tube exhibitions to get all the 
ideas of where the world stands and where we are as a company and also as India, which gave 
me a lot of ideas. It translated very quickly into data. 
Our installed capacity in 2007-2008 was increased to 60,000 tons. Our size before was half-inch 
to 4 inches, and then we increased it to 8 inches. So, it was a proper, complete setup that 
catered to the end users in completion, where they could buy everything from just one 
company and lay down their pipeline, may that be for builders, as firefighters, firefighting 
equipments, may that be agriculture, may that be in any sector. 
So, most of the sizes we started to cater when we developed 8 inches. That carried on. Our 
galvanizing capacity increased from one galvanizing line that we installed to one more. 
Then we started doing our export to Egypt as a gas line. That happened in 2013. Then we 
decided that Maharashtra capacity utilization is optimum, and we should look at growth in 
other places of India, which gave us the opportunity and the idea to explore our market in the 
South, Telangana being a new state at that point in time. 
We installed the same similar capacity with 8 inches in Telangana at around 2016-2017. There, 
from the very beginning, we had half-inch to all the way 12 inches because we wanted to cater 
to all the sizes, and that gave us a turnover jump within that year, quite considerable, around 
about, if I remember, 100 CR turnover was achieved. Similarly, that journey carried on. 
We added from one galvanizing to two galvanizing. We added pipe. Besides pipe, we started 
doing highway guardrail or crash barrier in Hyderabad, for which we installed another 
galvanizing line. 

 
 
Then we decided that we have reached quite optimal level in Telangana as well, and now we 
should explore another market where we do not have a presence, but there is a demand, which 
gave birth to Jharsuguda, where we had installed our plant, which became operational last 
year. I would say fully operational somewhere around Diwali time, in terms of market 
exploring, and started our dispatches during that time. Here, we have installed pipe unit. 
At the same time, we installed crash barrier. At the same time, we also diversified, and we 
installed octagon and high-mass pole and transmission line towers, both. Our directors are very 
active, very involved, and they are all involved in various things. 
My father, my mother, they are also involved. Pankaj is also one of the Directors. Mr. Sukumar 
Singh is also one of the directors, who is also a very key, holds a very key position in 
Maharashtra Seamless Limited. 
Now, we have reached our installed capacity, which is around 1,25,000 tons in Bombay, around 
96,000 in Hyderabad, and we are achieving a good 74% in Bombay and 67% in Hyderabad. The 
idea that we are trying to pursue at this point in time is diversification. Our revenue, 85% comes 
from pipe, 12% comes from crash barrier, and so far, 3% has come from other diversification, 
which we have just started, such as our transmission line towers and pole. 
But one of the important points that I would like to highlight now about Jharsuguda, or as a 
company as a whole, is that the tower division, which we have only started now, has seen a lot 
of order intake. We have around about 2,300 tons of orders from transmission line, mainly 
from Madhya Pradesh Electricity and Chhattisgarh. And for pole, we always decide that we will 
take small steps, we will see the market and then do our expansion. 
So, for pole, we had installed capacity of around 150 tons. At this point in time, we are sitting 
on 300 tons of orders. So, we have started our expansions, we have started placing the orders 
for the machine. 
Machines should be arriving in another 10 days. That will increase the production capacity from 
150 to 300. And further, now we are targeting only for octagon and high-mass pole, installed 
capacity of 500 tons per month, because we are seeing that we have only started recently and 
the order flows are stacking up with us. 
So, that is good news that octagon and high-mass market is good right now and it is very 
promising for many years to come. Same is the case with transmission line towers. We thought 
we will start small, we will see how the market is, where we reach, and we were expecting 
maybe we will be able to get an order of maybe 300, 400 tons a month, but the market is very 
conducive and we have been able to show promise and the customers have been able to put 
their trust in us. 
And now, we are standing at 2300 tons of order of transmission line towers. In Jharsuguda, we 
only had one galvanizing tank, as I said, because we wanted to see where the market is, what 
the demand is, if we should start with only one galvanizing line and expand it. 
Now, since we have so many orders, I am happy to announce that we are installing another 
galvanizing tank in Jharsuguda, which a lot of work is done, machines have arrived, the civil 
work is going on, and in another one, one and a half months, we should be able to put that 
galvanizing tank. Once that galvanizing tank is installed, we should be able to cater to all the 
order flows in the books that we have right now and months to come. Same expansion of 
galvanizing line we are doing in Hyderabad plant as well, which is the expansion is whole and 
solely for the highway guardrail or crash barrier, because there the demand is, again, the order 
that we have at the moment is twice our production capacity. So, to cater to that, now we are 
putting another galvanizing. 
And to support all of this and to support our vision and our progress, I am also happy to 
announce that the rating agency, CRSIL, has increased our rating from BBB to BBB+, which 
validates us as a standpoint of a company which is very promising, it's delivering its promise, 
and it's fulfilling all the promises that we made, may that be at the start of IPO, or may that be, 
as I said last time in our conference, all of them are getting streamlined, most of them have 
gotten streamlined. 
And last and not the least, I would also like to highlight that we are also progressing in another 
kind of a pole, which is a monopole, for which various certifications are required. We have 
achieved some of the certification. The final certification file is put from CPRI, after which we 
will be able to participate in various inquiries of monopole, which is primarily a replacement of 
transmission line towers, mostly in the metros, because of the space restriction, because 
traditional tower line takes a lot of space, monopole takes less space. 
It's a lot in demand in metros. And slowly that's kicking in in villages as well, because land prices 
are increasing everywhere. So, that is also in the pipeline, and we are expecting that should get 

 
 
streamlined by second quarter of this year, hopefully, that we will have all our permissions and 
certifications in place. 
These are, I hope in a short period of time, I have been able to explain what company has done 
in the past and what we are doing right now and what our future expansions are. Once again, 
I thank you everyone for listening. And thank you very much for being part of the company as 
an investor. 
And now we can take, if there are any questions, please let me know. I will be happy to answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take our 
first question from the line of Harshit from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshit 
Yes, sir. The first question is regarding I am looking at your PPT at slide number 19. Right there 
we have guided that we are looking at 50% upside in overall revenue. So, we are implying that 
we will achieve a top end of let's say 1700 crores by FY28. But I just wanted to understand that 
right now we are doing 4% EBITDA margin. So, what sort of EBITDA we are looking at that time? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
EBITDA margin. This is at this point in time; transmission line tower has a better EBITDA margin. 
Highway guardrail also has a better EBITDA margin. Pole also has a better EBITDA margin. All 
the diversification that we are doing is the EBITDA margins are better in all of them. So, once 
this story unfolds and we are able to achieve our target growth, the EBITDA shall increase. 
Forward looking is difficult to say. But however, because these are all high margin, I can totally 
say it will be more than 4%. By at least 1%, there is no doubt on it on a very, very conservative 
side. I will give you an example. This month, the transmission line tower order that we have 
has a margin of 10,000 rupees per ton. Some of the orders and the conventional galvanizing 
pipe has a margin of Rs. 3000 to Rs. 4000 per ton. So, we are almost talking more than double. 
So, the EBITDA margins are bound to increase. To how much it will increase, there are market 
ups and downs, difficult to say. But the new products are looking very promising. 
Harshit 
Right, understood. And on Slide #20, we have given the product-wise breakup. So, I can see 
that black pipe and galvanized pipe are the major revenue contributors of our company. So, 
we want to understand, do we track the EBITDA or revenue per ton internally, product-wise? I 
just want to get some color on that. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Yes. So, because right now 80% is galvanizing or black pipe, the only 20% contribution is coming 
from others, which is bound to increase. At this point in time, we do have an analysis of the 
product-wise, but not very extensively, which will start to happen now, because now the 
products, especially for Jharsuguda, it is going to take a lot of our orders and a lot of our sales 
are going to come from other products. So, the diversification and the product-wise margins 
and revenues will start to come. Right now, some bit is done, because only 20% is not very 
major. But this year on, we will start giving. 
Harshit 
So, what can be the revenue from new products like the hexagonal poles, transmission line, 
etc.? What sort of revenue are we looking from there? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So, our target is to give this ratio, which is 85 right now for pipe, 80 to 85, we will bring it down 
to 75. So, as much as 25% to 30%, we are targeting the revenues shall come from these new 
products in this year. This is our target. 
Harshit 
Understood. And what kind of debt outlook do we have for FY27 and ‘28? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
We are not increasing any debt at the moment. However, there will be some expansion we will 
do, but for all of that, the debt and everything is already placed. So, new debts, they're not 
coming. Okay. That is what our idea is right now. 
Harshit 
Okay. Understood. I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a reminder to all the participants, anyone who 
wishes to ask a question, may press “*” and “1”. We will take our next question from the line 
of Yash Nisar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Yash Nisar 
Okay. So, my question is, which product gives highest share of revenue? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
At the moment, the highest share of revenue is coming from black and galvanized pipe. 
Because it's a very voluminous work, it is a lot of volume is produced every month. So, the 
revenue, even in the future, will come from black and galvanized pipe, most of it, a good chunk 
of it. 
Yash Nisar 
Okay. And best product margin wise? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So, the best product margin wise, again, the market keeps changing. Maybe the competition 
will become, and the numbers will change in the future. But at this point in time, the number 
one, I would place it at monopole, which gives you the best margin. Number two, I will give it 
to octagon and high mast pole. Number three, I will give it to transmission line towers. Number 

 
 
four, I will give it to highway guard rail or crash barrier, and then I will give it to pipe, black and 
galvanized pipe. 
Yash Nisar 
Okay. So, how does the company plan to increase its reach all over in India? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
At the moment, our reach, our presence is already in the west of it in Maharashtra for pipe. In 
Hyderabad, we already have our presence. So, the west and south, we are already catering. 
Northeast, where we are putting up right now, has given us an opportunity in markets like 
Chhattisgarh, Odisha, parts of West Bengal. So, this is primarily of the pipes. For other lines, 
such as the poles and transmission line monopoles, there is no such thing as statewide 
logistically, because these are high margins, the logistic does not affect you as much. So, you 
can cater to the entire of India. For example, for octagon and high mast pole, we have got some 
orders from Rajasthan as well, which were catering from Odisha. So, they have placed the 
order, and we are delivering it in Rajasthan also, which is quite far away, over 1000 kilometers. 
So, for the new products, it is not a concern. From Jharsuguda, we can capture a lot of market. 
But as I said, I always take baby steps. And I first gauge the market and then we increase it. So, 
our first target is to increase our production capacity of pole to 500. Because already we have 
300 tons of order, we are actually not entertaining more orders because we will not be able to 
cater to them because of the installed capacity. Once we achieve that, we will go ahead with 
more installation of the machines in the future. But this year, our target is to get 500 and 
streamline it. So, all of these products go to the contractors which have a requirement for a 
particular area. For example, we have registered ourselves in PWD, in Chhattisgarh, in UP. So, 
that's where most of the orders are coming from. As we keep on increasing our registration in 
Pan India, our presence will be everywhere. A lot of places files are already put and some places 
files are going to be put in one month. So, this is a Pan India process where we get our approval 
for different various government offices which further give tenders and orders to the 
contractor and from contractor the orders come to us. 
Yash Nisar 
Okay, that's it from us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press “*” and “1”. We 
will take our next question from the line of Harshit from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshit 
Before taking my question again, previously you said that the EBITDA per ton in galvanized pipe 
is around 3000 per ton. My understanding is that some peers do at around 6000 to 7000 per 
ton basis. So, why is there such a gap? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Generally, the figures that I give are quite conservative. Second thing is, though the others who 
are doing galvanizing, if it is for pipe, their market is and their pipe line is different. For example, 
we are only doing water line. A lot of our peers do API pipeline where the margins are more 
where you get where the thickness is and the machine and the capacity of the machine is 
different. And the galvanizing requirement for that pipe is also different. Some other peers are 
doing export into our countries where we at the moment doesn't have our presence. And we 
are not targeting that because now we are trying to do a diversification and go into where the 
target is not volume, but the bottom line, such as all these other products that we are doing. 
So, that's why the peer-to-peer comparison might appear that our margins per ton is less than 
our peers. 
Harshit 
Right. So, what is the revenue per ton for galvanized pipe? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So, the revenue per ton, again, every month has changes. I think this month was it goes in 
meter. If you do a translation should be around 75,000-76,000 per ton. 
Harshit 
Right. Understood. And what sort of capacity utilization are we looking for FY27 and ‘28 both? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So, there are the way I look at the capacity utilization, see the capacity utilization of Bombay 
has been around about 74% for around, I think, two, three years now. And Hyderabad also 
stands at 67%. Now, Hyderabad is going to see an additional installed capacity. And yet, I think 
the additional installed capacity that will get consumed 100%. So, overall, it will stand around 
67%. Now, when I say I look at the installed capacity differently is because most of our revenue 
comes from galvanizing, may that be galvanizing of pipe or any of these products are galvanized 
products. So, we see how much of galvanizing tank is utilized. So, in Bombay, we have two 
galvanizing tanks with a capacity of 4,000 or 5,000 tons per ton. It's almost 100% utilized. Same 
thing with Hyderabad. There are two installed – two galvanized, they're running on 100% 
installed capacity. Same thing in Jharsuguda. The installed capacity will gradually increase for 
all our products. For example, our pole, it's already full, octagon pole. So, we are doing an 
expansion. Transmission line tower is at par right now, more or less at par. The number of 
orders we have and the installed capacity is equal. Pipe is less. Pipe installed capacity is more, 
but our utilization is less. That's will start picking up as our presence is about to build. So, 
various places we will increase it. Every year, for pipe alone, we are targeting 10% to 15% 

 
 
utilization increase. But for the other product, it's almost 90% or 100% of what it appears to be 
right now, that we are in full utilization. 
Harshit 
Right. Understood. And the total installed capacity that we have of 3,77,000 metric tons per 
annum, so what is the peak revenue that we are targeting from this installed facility, and in 
which year will we achieve it? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
The installed capacity, the utilization of all of it is at optimal level for Maharashtra and 
Hyderabad. All the addition will only happen in Jharsuguda. So, for pipe alone, it might take 
some time, maybe one and a half year or two years to reach its optimal level. But for everything 
else, it's a wait and watch. The installed capacity gets full; we increase our capacity for 
everything else. For pipe, Jharsuguda will take some time, one and a half to two years, to go to 
an optimal level of, say, 60%. 
Harshit 
Right. Understood. But what is the peak revenue that we can do from the current facility of 
3,77,000? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
The peak revenue is a very subjective term. I will tell you why. Because the pipe price last year 
was around about as low as 52,000 for black, and now the pipe price is 65,000. Similarly, just a 
few years ago, I remember seeing a pipe price as low as 45,000. So, the revenue to tell what 
we will reach depends on a lot of areas, which is very difficult to tell, because this is steel, we 
are talking about, and steel prices, as an input, has a lot of variation. So, to come up with a 
figure and for example, right now we are at Rs. 1,100-ton, Rs. 1,100 CR. Last year it was less 
than 11. Now our target is somewhere more around 1,300 to 1,400. But that is very subjective. 
So, that's why when we look at our revenue, we look at how much of installed capacities we 
are utilizing in terms of tonnage, because everything is ton. Ton does not change, 
mathematically speaking. The value of that tonnage changes, depending on the steel prices. 
So, to tell you exactly, it depends on a lot of things. Some people are saying steel prices are 
going to increase Rs. 4,000, Rs. 5,000 even from now if the geopolitical situation does not 
improve. So, without even doing any addition on your tonnage, your revenue will increase. I 
hope you understood. It's a little tricky, the revenue part with steel. 
Harshit 
Yes. I was just thinking that given our target product split of 75 to 25, I was just thinking that 
do we have any internal target that we will achieve Rs. 2,000 crores of revenue going forward 
or something like that? Not like a proper, specific number, directional view. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
At this point in time, the directional view that we have is one, to use optimally your installed 
capacity. Number two, to go full utilization of your galvanizing capacity, full utilization, 
maximum. And our third target is to increase the EBITDA contribution from all the new 
products. This year, our target is to, I mean, our conscious attempt and our conscious lookout 
in the data spectrum is for this, that where are we performing on this. So, we are keeping a 
constant eye on this. So, the revenue will increase or decrease, but this will stay with us. And 
the good thing about the new products is that the variations in the steel prices do not get 
affected too much because it's an order-based. So, your raw material comes, at that order only 
you send the final product. With pipe, you have to keep an inventory, the inventory goes up 
and down and it contributes. So, the revenue is different for that, for the pipe. So, our target is 
target more of these diversifications so that your EBITDA margins could improve and stay 
constant and has no impact on the steel variation, steel price variation. 
Harshit 
Okay, sir. I understood. Thank you. That was helpful. I will join back in. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, if you wish to ask a question, please press “*” 
and “1”. We will take our next question from the line of Ashok Sharma, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashok Sharma 
Yes, my first question is, are there any impacts from the Middle East war on our operations and 
costings? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
I am sorry, Sharma ji, can you repeat this question one more time? 
Ashok Sharma 
Are there any impacts from the Middle East war on operations and costings? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Yes, I hope somebody would ask. So, there is a direct impact on transportation. The 
transportation cost has increased, but most of our products, we sell ex-factory. So, any 
transportation that increases will impact, but it will impact the end user, no doubt. The crude, 
diesel, petrol, everything is on a rise. There is a factor in galvanizing, which is either gas fired 
or furnace oil. So, we use furnace oil to operate our galvanizing. So, that furnace oil prices are 
also on the rise because it all comes from there. It's a part of the petroleum product only. So, 
that is one impact, but that is being translated and passed on and being accepted so far in the 
market. Another thing is the way it is affecting us is that we have not been able to cater to 
export, which we used to do in Europe. So, now our focus in export has changed from Europe 
to Australia, which is all done from Bombay. However, that was done because we wanted to 
keep our galvanizing tank full, at full capacity. With or without export, those galvanizing tank 

 
 
are full, which essentially means that our internal requirement of these products in India is 
very, very healthy. So, as long as the steel utilization and requirement of India is always there, 
we are not affected too much in terms of selling the product because India itself has a lot of 
requirements in steel. Every year, there's a 9% increase in our utilization. So, India is quite 
healthy in terms of all these products. May that be pipe, may that be transmission line, may 
that be pole. So, that way, our sale does not get affected. Export, yes. And the petroleum 
product, yes. These are the two causes. However, whenever the geopolitical conflict gets 
resolved, there is a lot of opportunity additionally that will come in those areas because all 
those areas' infrastructures have been impacted due to the various forms of attacks that they 
have witnessed. So, it will require a lot of our products also in that region, but that will be later 
when the problem gets resolved. 
Ashok Sharma 
Okay. Just had one more question. Can you please throw some light on the agreement with 
Jindal Steel and what products do we sell to them? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So, the agreement has been quite similar since 2003 to now, which is that we produce all our 
pipe for and we sell it to Jindal’s. So, that agreement is there. It's a very good understanding, 
business understanding for this product. The company Jindal, their main line of product is 
seamless pipe. So, they don't want to rest in too much time in ERW pipe. So, they had given 
this opportunity to us to cater to their market in Maharashtra to begin with in 2003. Similarly, 
they have arrangement with another company on the similar line for the past 20 years or so, 
maybe 15 years, in Bangalore also. So, the company believes that this product shall be given 
for manufacturing and sourced in such manner. They have put their confidence in us and they 
were the ones who encouraged us to go to Hyderabad for the same product so that they could 
be able to sell it in Hyderabad. They were the ones who encouraged us to go to Odisha as well. 
So, that is a solid agreement. This is a pattern which is followed by a lot of brands which have 
had their presence in India for many years and seen diversification and they've gone into 
products which has very high EBITDA margins. Tata also do this. Tata as a steel manufacturer 
is always concentrating on producing HR coils and various other pipe products. So, the pipe, 
they give it to other companies to produce. So, Tata and Jindal are at par with doing this kind 
of a method. So, the agreement that we have with them is solid. I think it's for another five 
years right now, but it's just a formality. We keep increasing it. So, I think it should be for 
another five years from now, give or take. Anil ji can give the exact number of years, but the 
agreement is there. Jindal agreement years. 
Anil Kumar Jain: 
It's for the six years from April ‘23 to March ‘29 for 1 lakh metric minimum off take. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, you may please press “*” and 
“1”. We will take our next question from the line of Simran, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Simran: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. My question is total current order book pipeline and 
confirm orders and also the timeline for the same to be executed. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
So, it's not termed as such, but I consider it as a fast-moving FMCG sort of. So, whatever is the 
current order is to be fulfilled mostly ASAP. If it's a distribution dealer network, they place an 
order. They expect the order to be given within like four days, such as pipe. So, the pipe current 
order is 5,000 ton accumulative of all three units. I don't have the exact bifurcation, but it 
should be around about 2,000 odd in Maharashtra, around 1,800 in Hyderabad, something like 
that. So, those orders are continuous orders. So, we deliver them that we get more orders from 
them. Crash barrier or highway guardrail is 2,000 tons, around about 1,000 in Hyderabad and 
1,000 in Jharsuguda. That is a timeline of around about one month. So, if you see in Hyderabad 
constantly, every month to month our sale is upward of 1,000 tons, all these years. I think the 
past six months to one year, this is the data. For tower, the order quantity at this point in time 
is 2,400 tons. So, the tower is not something that can be delivered right away. It generally has 
a timeline because it's not a distribution line. This goes into electrification. So, you require, 
there is an audit, they come, they inspect it, they give a certification, they give a DI, dispatch 
instruction, and then the material moves. So, it's a process. So, these 2,400 tons that we have 
shall be with us for around about two months period of time. In two months, they should clear 
out. And then octagon pole and high mass is again like pipe. They deliver and they expect us, 
they order and they expect us to deliver within four to five days, one week. So, that stands at 
300 tons. So, we are holding onto it. We cannot supply 300 tons because the installed capacity 
is not there at the moment. But so far we have managed. We have given them the timeline 
that we will be able to give it to you in 45 days. So, far the orders are alive. They shall stay like 
that. 
Simran: 
Okay, sir Any, my one more question is there any CAPEX plans for upcoming for financial year 
27? 

 
 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
We will do additional of around about Rs. 10 crore, FY27. That is again, as I have been pointing 
this out as our method of working, we will only do this CAPEX when we are 100% sure that for 
all the additional product, the demand is there and it has reached. So, so let's say we are at 500 
tons per pole. Now we see that we can reach up to 800 or 1000 tons. We will do a further 
installation of capacity. Same thing with highway guardrails. So, we are estimating somewhere 
around 10crore, we will, we will do our expansion. 
Simran: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you. As there are no further questions, we have next question from the line of 
Amit Mehendale from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is for, for the FY26 numbers, do we have 
any one-off reported in the P&L like inventory gains or anything like any non-recurring item? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Any non? 
Amit Mehendale: 
Non-recurring, one-off. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
I can't think of it. Anil ji, this is a balance sheet question. 
Anil Kumar Jain: 
Basically, inventory gain is a regular process. It's not exceptional. 
Amit Mehendale: 
So, can you quantify how much is the inventory gain because the steel prices have gone up, 
right? So, there must be some inventory gain. 
Anil Kumar Jain: 
Basically, the, our finished product price is decided month on month basis. So, there might be 
no major impact on inventory gain or loss. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
I think the, this question has arrived from the fact that steel prices have seen a lot of uptake 
recently, which is probably why this question has come into picture. Most of this, most of the 
price increase has happened somewhere around the time when the US-Iran conflict has 
started. The prices have gone up. It is going to reflect in Q1 of this financial year. But on a 
broader, you will have some inventory gain, but steel prices are very, very volatile. It has 
happened, the same thing happened during COVID as well. We saw a lot of increase in our 
inventories. Inventory gain was there. But in a longer picture, it stays pretty much similar 
because the prices will also come down in the future. So, it is only a moment thing. The 
inventory gain is only for that moment or for that one quarter or for that maybe a very good 
year. COVID had a lot of difficulties, a lot of problems, but for the manufacturers, it showed a 
lot of gain in inventory. That is a very rare phenomenon that has happened in 20 years. So, 
these are COVID-like situation, or I do not think this situation, what we are right now is that we 
have to be watchful for it. But it happens very rarely that we have to keep attention on the 
inventory gain. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right, sir. And my next question is for new products like poles or transmission, etc. So, what is 
the revenue that we did for FY26? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
FY26, it is a very new space for us. So, to give a figure, an exact figure is very difficult because 
all these products are very, very new to us. However, I can just tell you the current picture. 
 Amit Mehendale:  
Any ballpark number like 70 crores, 100 crores?  
Vibhor Kaushik: 
That is there. I think in all of it, you would be able to get this much. Again, revenue is subjective 
to what the steel prices are going to be. But we are looking in terms of tonnage. Our target is 
to achieve 500 tons in pole and 1000 tons in transmission line towers. That is what our target 
is. And I think the total revenue, 30% share is where we are targeting. We will achieve it in FY26 
or we achieve it in FY27. That is to be seen. But so far, it is looking promising because of the 
order flow that we can see in our books at the moment. If the order book stays like this, we 
will be able to achieve it sooner also. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right. So, I was just trying to get to a revenue number. So, 30% ballpark can be in the range of 
400 crores plus, right? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Yes. In two years, yes. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Right. And also, because the per ton margin is almost three times the pipes, can we also say 
that the EBITDA basis will be about 10%? 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
EBITDA basis will increase, substantially will increase for these products. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Only for these products, it should be in double digits, right? It should be 10% or above. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
You will get, I think, because we are new in the market, we are not commanding the same price 
tags that some of the established ones are probably commanding at the moment. So, it will be 
less than, for it to be double digit, it will take some time, because our presence is still new. 
Although there is promise and we are getting orders and everything, not a very high discount 
also. But see, I like to give conservative figures. From there, if it increases, it's good, right? Sir, 
I would just… 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt. Amit, we are not able to hear you. 
Amit Mehendale: 
No, I am just clarifying. I am not asking a new question. 

 
 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
No, it's nothing. So, you can say it will float a little bit less than that. I would say around 7-8%. 
Okay, sir. But again, this is not verified. We will get these numbers very soon. I think in this 
year, quarter two by quarter two, we will have a fair good idea how much is coming out. Right, 
sir. Okay, great. 
Amit Mehendale: 
Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference back to Mr. Vibhor Kaushik, Managing Director from Vibhor Steel Tubes Ltd. for 
closing comments. 
Vibhor Kaushik: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining this presentation. And most of the, or all the questions that is 
being put are to the point, very relevant, all of them were. I would like to close this presentation 
with an insight that the products that we are catering right now looks more promising than 
what we envisioned when we got into it. The inquiries, the order flow, everything, the data 
itself speaks for it. So, we can always see it. And this is when a lot of the permissions in different 
departments are still pending with us, yet we have so many orders. So, the expansion is very 
thoughtful. We are every step that we are doing in an expansion, we are doing it only when we 
are very, very sure of it. So, this year and years to come looks very promising for the company. 
And we are very happy. I have said it earlier also that the rating agency has also vetted it by 
giving us a better rating that we had last year. So, with that, I would like to thank everybody. 
And everybody have a very good day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Vibhor Steel Tubes Ltd, that concludes 
today's session. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect the call. 
 
