 
 
 
 
RL/SE/26-27/10 
May 12, 2026 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on May 5, 2026, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Rakesh 
Muljibhai 
Darji
Digitally signed 
by Rakesh 
Muljibhai Darji 
Date: 2026.05.12 
18:02:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Q4 FY26 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAKESH TIWARY – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. GAUTAM MAINI – MD, ENGINEERING BUSINESS  
 
MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – JOINT MD & CEO, JKMPTL 
 
MR. NAVIN SHARMA – CFO, ENGINEERING BUSINESS  
 
MR. SUNNY DESA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANISH VALECHA – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND 
STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Raymond Limited Q4 FY '26 and FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Anand Rathi. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an option for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Valecha from Anand Rathi. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Manish Valecha: 
Thank you. On behalf of Anand Rathi, I would like to welcome all the participants in the Q4 FY 
'26 and FY '26 Conference Call of Raymond Limited. We have with us from the senior 
management of Raymond Limited, Mr. Rakesh Tiwary, Group CFO; Mr. Gautam Maini, MD, 
Engineering Business; Mr. Sanjeev Sharma, Joint MD and CEO, JKMPTL; Mr. Navin Sharma, 
CFO, Engineering Business; and Mr. Sunny Desa, Head, Investor Relations. Without taking 
further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Gautam Maini. Over to you, Mr. Maini. 
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q4 FY '26 and FY 
'26 results conference call. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through our financial 
results and investor presentation, which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as 
on the company's website. 
 
Moving ahead, let me start by talking about the broader macroeconomic landscape that has 
influenced our performance and strategic decisions. India concluded FY '26 with a robust real 
GDP expansion of 7.6%, underpinned by a significant base year revision and resilient industrial 
activity. While the manufacturing sector remained in expansionary territory throughout the year, 
the manufacturing PMI moderated to 53.9% in March, which was a 45-month low, reflecting 
the impact of energy shocks and the rising input costs from Middle Eastern conflicts. 
 
Despite this late quarter cooling, the fiscal year benefited from structural GST 2.0 reforms and 
the RBI's managed policy rate of 5.25% which helped contain March CPI inflation at 3.4% and 
supported overall domestic demand. If we look at the automotive industry, it hit a historic 
milestone in FY '26 with domestic passenger vehicle, which is the PV sales, reaching a record 
4.64 million units, a 7.9% year-on-year increase. 
 
Q4 momentum was particularly strong with volumes climbing to 13.2% to 1.32 million units, 
driven by a structural shift towards utility vehicles, which now dominate the market. Total 
industry dispatches, including 2-wheelers, which was 21.71 million and commercial vehicles, 
1.08 million, reached a combined 7-year peak. Complementing domestic strength, exports 
touched a record of 0.91 million units, which was 17.5% plus, reinforcing India's role as a critical 
global manufacturing node. 
 
Looking at the aviation sector, it has maintained significant momentum in FY '26 with global 
OEMs like -- global OEMs tripling India sourcing compared to 2019 levels to reach $1.5 billion 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
annually. This expansion is fueled by the deepening of Tier 1 manufacturing roles for Indian 
firms and a global airline transition towards fuel-efficient next-generation fleets, offering 25% 
gains in fuel burn efficiency. Despite a record backlog of 17,000 commercial aircraft, 
representing over a decade of revenue visibility, actual conversion remained hampered by engine 
shortages and supply chain friction. 
 
Q4 was specifically impacted by a contraction in aerospace-grade titanium and aluminum alloys 
following logistic blockades in the Gulf. These persistent inflationary pressures have accelerated 
a strategic pivot towards domestic input localization to insulate margins from geopolitical 
activity. The aerospace component ecosystem remains highly resilient due to extreme barriers 
to entry. Suppliers who have cleared rigorous certification hurdles are protected by a compliance 
moat that insulates them from low-cost competition. 
 
For the component and hardware ecosystem, this records high order book provides unparalleled 
long-term revenue stability provided that domestic localization can successfully mitigate 
ongoing material cost premiums. Raymond Limited, on its consolidated performance continued 
its growth momentum, delivered a resilient quarterly performance, reporting a total income of 
INR613 crores, reflecting a 2% increase compared to the same quarter of the previous financial 
year. 
 
EBITDA stood at INR85 crores with an EBITDA margin of 13.9% in Q4 FY '26 versus total 
income of INR601 crores in Q4 of FY '25, delivering an EBITDA of INR99 crores with an 
EBITDA margin of 16.4% in Q4 of FY '25. Q4 FY '26 performance was anchored by the 
Aerospace, Defense and Precision Technology divisions, reflecting the structural integration of 
Indian suppliers into global high-tech value chains. We are observing a significant migration of 
domestic vendors from basic component manufacturing towards high complexity subsystems 
and precision engineered assemblies. 
 
This transition has secured a robust multi-year order pipeline for Tier 1 and Tier 2 export 
partners, enhancing both revenue visibility and contract stickiness amid broader global supply 
chain realignments. During FY '26, total income stood at INR2,312 crores, a 10% year-on-year 
growth from INR2,105 crores in FY '25. EBITDA stood at INR335 crores which was flat in FY 
'26 compared to the same number, INR335 crores in FY '25. The EBITDA margin stood at 
14.5% in FY '26 versus 15.9% in FY '25. 
 
While operational performance remains strong, EBITDA margins faced pressure due to a 
reduction in non-operating income. INR600 crores of cash was transferred to Raymond Realty 
post the demerger, hence, the difference. Going forward, we continue to remain optimistic about 
the future growth trajectory, given our expansion strategy in new product categories and new 
geographies. 
 
I'd like to move on to the segmental performance to give more clarity on the operations. So, we'd 
look at the Aerospace business first, which is through the company JK Maini Global Aerospace 
Limited. At the segment level, the Aerospace & Defense business reported robust performance 
with revenue of INR119 crores, which is 11% year-on-year growth and an EBITDA of INR30 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
crores, which is again 11% year-on-year growth and an EBITDA margin of 25.5% in Q4 of FY 
'26 versus a revenue of INR107 crores and an EBITDA margin of INR27 crores and an EBITDA 
percentage of 25.5% in Q4 of FY '25. 
 
In FY '26 full year, this segment generated INR392 crores in revenue, which is a 26% year-on-
year growth from INR311 crores in FY '25. EBITDA also grew by 25% year-on-year, reaching 
INR88 crores compared to INR70 crores in FY '25. The EBITDA margin stood at 22.3% in FY 
'26 versus 22.4% in FY '25. Q4 FY '26 performance was driven by a dual strategy of portfolio 
expansion and increased volume allocations from core OEM and Tier 1 partners. 
 
Forward-looking indicators remain robust, characterized by a steady rise in the RFQ activity, 
which is a request for quotation, and the pursuit of new global strategic ventures. This healthy 
demand supports continued capacity scaling and deeper integration into the high-tech supply 
chain. While internal growth indicators remain strong, the near-term outlook is currently 
influenced by external macroeconomic factors.  
Precision Technology & Auto Components, which is the JK Maini Precision Technology 
company is at the segment level. This Precision Technology & Auto Components company 
reported a revenue of INR442 crores, which is a 5% growth and an EBITDA margin of INR67 
crores, which is a 26% year-on-year growth and an EBITDA margin of 15.2% in Q4 of FY '26 
versus a revenue of INR421 crores and EBITDA of INR53 crores and an EBITDA margin of 
12.7% in Q4 of FY '25. 
 
In the full year of FY '26, this segment generated INR1,667 crores in revenue, which is a 10% 
year-on-year growth from INR1,513 crores in FY '25. EBITDA also grew by 34% year-on-year, 
reaching INR223 crores compared to INR167 crores in FY '25. The EBITDA margin stood at 
13.4% in FY '26 versus 11% in FY '25. The EBITDA margin improvement was also on account 
of higher sales volumes, favorable product mix but also included a onetime gain of INR13 crores 
from the sale of land in Q2 of FY '26. We continue with our strategy to expand into new 
international geographies and industrial sectors. 
 
We are observing business momentum across domestic and international markets, supported by 
the China Plus One strategy, integration synergies and focused operational efficiencies across 
all segments. However, global trade pressures stemming from U.S. tariffs have introduced 
logistical complexities, resulting in some temporary rescheduling and delays across the industry. 
 
Let us come and look at the debt and cash position at Raymond Limited. We continue to remain 
a debt-free business with net cash surplus of INR68 crores in March 2026. Raymond is 
embarking on a transformative INR930 crores capital expenditure program over the next 5 years 
to meet surging international demand. 
 
This includes INR500 crores dedicated to Aerospace, projected to scale current capacity 
significantly and INR430 crores for Precision Technology & Auto Components. The integration 
of advanced multi-access machining systems is already enhancing turnaround times and 
enabling the execution of complex high-value projects in aero engine, landing gear and structural 
segments. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Our operational reputation is reinforced by consistent FAIR, what is typically called new product 
development approvals and successful audit outcomes accelerating the conversion of RFQs into 
multi-year contracts. We are strategically pivoting beyond build-to-print services towards co-
design and value engineering collaborations with global OEMs. 
 
This shift into sophisticated subsystem manufacturing deepens our integration into the global 
supply chain and enhances long-term contract stickiness. As global OEMs increasingly look to 
India for supply chain diversification, Raymond's Engineering business is uniquely positioned 
to capitalize on this structural tailwind. 
 
With a record RFQ pipeline, robust operational readiness and clear focus on high-precision 
innovation, we remain committed to scaling exports and reinforcing our status as a trusted global 
manufacturing hub. 
 
I'd like to thank you all once again for your continued interest in Raymond. We are now happy 
to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: 
In the Aerospace side, we have added 100 plus new SKUs in this year. And what is the R&D 
expense in this financial year? And are these development costs contractually reimbursable by 
the customer? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, basically, it's a mixed question, but let me try and answer that. Most of the R&D costs are 
written off as operational costs. It's between 3% to 5% of your cost, but we write it off in the 
same year because we are considering it as part of our business model to grow aggressively. In 
some cases, where the projects are very complex, you can get some development costs. 
 
But in a lot of cases, it is included in the prices that you quote and therefore, you build them into 
your price. But the clear answer is that we do not separately record these costs and we write 
them off in the same year, like operational costs. So, in a way, the more products you develop, 
the more you write off that particular year. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, out of our current order book, like if you could share the breakup between LEAP programs, 
GTF and others platforms? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, I don't think we go to the extent of sharing exactly on all platforms, but I just want to tell 
you that we are basically present on several platforms across all the possible engine OEMs 
globally, both in Europe and U.S., and we are significantly looking to continuously increase our 
market share with them. 
 
And therefore, our goal is to be derisked that whichever -- whether it's a narrow-body aisle 
aircraft or a wide-body aircraft or whether it's in Europe or whether it's in U.S., we are part of 
those markets, and we have derisked ourselves to make sure that we are part of most of these 
programs. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, on the tariff side, I think it's been reduced from fifth month onwards. How do you look at 
from Q1 onwards? 
Gautam Maini: 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, tariff impact has been reduced from fifth month onwards, it's a mid of the quarter. So, how 
do you look at from Q1 onwards? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, are you asking this question for aerospace or automotive? So just to clarify, in aerospace, 
there were no tariffs. And in automotive, the tariffs are definitely down to 18% now. So, it's 
definitely better than what it was. And I think slowly customers are getting used to the new 
normal. 
 
And therefore, slowly, business will start coming back and is coming back. It's taken some time, 
but I think it will only get better. However, in the meantime, because of the war, you had 
disruptions on supply chains, etcetera. So, it will just be a little bit more time, but it will slowly 
come back. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, my last question, I think we are -- in the auto side, we majorly doing for IC engines, EV 
hybrid. On this EV side, which are the components we are doing right now? And what is the 
target in the coming years? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we make some complex assemblies as well, completed fully, transmission gearboxes as well. 
We also do some very critical components that fit into the hybrid transmissions globally in 
Europe, and those also get exported to all over the world. So, I would say we are in a good space 
in terms of both hybrid and EV, and we are trying to horizontally deploy this across our customer 
base over the next couple of years. 
 
So, we will definitely focus on that. We did see that the hybrid market grew in the last 2 years 
compared to the EV global market. And therefore, we focused a lot on the hybrid market and 
captured a major market share. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Niraj from White Pine Investments. 
Niraj: 
You have this order book of INR2,350 crores on the aerospace side. Wanted to know how much 
can you facilitate from the existing facility, not including the greenfield one that's putting up? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we have planned it in such a way that we will not run out of space till we grow. So, we will 
continue to keep our trend of 25% growth till we reach the new greenfield facility. So, nothing 
will stop us in the meantime to continue to keep the growth that we have. 
 
And in fact, we will also continue to develop new products here itself, which will then be 
transferred to the new facility when it gets ready to shorten the lead time of customer approvals 
in the new facility. So, a detailed seamless plan is being made to ensure that there is a continuous 
growth in the new facility, when it comes out without running short of capacity in our current 
facility. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Niraj: 
Okay. So, sorry, I'm extending the same question. So, your current yearly revenues for 
Aerospace & Defense are almost INR400 crores. And you're talking of a 25% CAGR, you are 
talking of almost additional run rate going to -- around INR800 crores, INR900 crores run rate 
in FY '28. And that's when you're expecting the new facility to start. So, is it the right way to 
look at it? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, we are starting the new facility by the end of calendar year FY '27, right? So, we're talking 
about an 18-month period, first of all. And therefore, we would be closer to a number much 
lower than what you said, and we will definitely have capacity to reach that number before we 
move to the new facility in Andhra Pradesh. 
Niraj: 
Right. Sir, the last question, and I'll come back on the queue. There is lot of shortage of 
machinery for machines, like the likes of GROB and other machines in the global market. So 
are you fully ordered for the machines for your facility and -- or is this a step-up on the gradual 
side? 
Gautam Maini: 
So first of all, we don't depend on one manufacturer. I think we must be having, within our 
group, at least 15 different manufacturers. We look at what machines are required for what 
operations, what complexity. And based on that, we buy our machines. We plan our machines 
lead times well in advance to make sure that we don't lose out on any of our projects, and that 
will be the trend going forward as well. We also buy from all over the world, so it's not restricted 
at all. 
Niraj: 
Mr. Maini, my question is more specific to you. Have you completely ordered all the machines 
or you are yet in the process of doing it? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we continuously have a capacity plan that we order in times of lead time. If our lead time, 
we believe is, let's say, 6 to 8 months, just to give you an example, then we plan 6 to 8 months 
in advance to make sure. So, we are -- you have to understand, we're growing almost on a 
weekly, monthly basis. So, it's not like a project like a cement plant or some other plant where 
you put a big project and then you expect it to grow. 
 
Ours is a modular growth, which happens every month. So, let's say, you develop 15 new 
components this month, you know 6 to 8 months from now, you have a ramp-up plan for them. 
So, you already plan those machines. And based on the lead times you have committed to the 
customer; you then plan to buy those machines. 
 
So, you'll practically have machines coming in every quarter for continuous expansion on 
growth. So right now, also, we have several machines that are on order, which we will receive 
over the next 3 to 6 months. And then we will keep ordering based on what new products are 
being developed and the ramp-up plan of those products. It's a continuous process. 
Niraj: 
I'll come back to the queue. Thank you. 
Gautam Maini: 
Sure. Thank you. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade from Antique Stock Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
My question is regarding the commissioning. So, in the presentation, you are saying that the 
commercial production will start by late of 2027. So probably towards the end of FY… 
Gautam Maini: 
Sorry can you just -- I can't hear you very clearly. Can you just either come closer to the mic or 
just speak a little louder please? 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes, sir. Audible now? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes. Sir, regarding the commercial start of the new unit in Andhra Pradesh, the presentation is 
mentioning the late of 2027. So, it means that probably it was the, you know, end of FY '28, the 
commercial production will start. Correct? Is that reading right? Or because I think in your initial 
remarks, you were saying… 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. It will be in the second half -- it will be like second half or towards the last quarter FY '28, 
you're right, because it's calendar year '27, yes. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
And how would be the capex plan for '27 and '28 towards these units as well as for the existing 
units? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So basically, in each of the businesses, we will approximately be spending about INR100 
crores each to build capacities, which will be consistent, yes. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
So, INR200 crores per year for both the units for FY '27 and '28? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. And sir, in the aerospace side, what further industry developments you are seeing which 
could be kind of a tailwind for our growth? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, we have quite a few strategic plans, which I can't disclose fully at this stage till they're 
concluded. But I can tell you that we are involved at a strategic level with both OEMs and Tier 
1s with some long-term large businesses, which only once they conclude, I can bring to the 
notice. 
 
But there's a lot in the pipeline. There's a lot of effort being put to move up the value chain, 
which we've been talking about and also add more value-added work also in terms of 
subassemblies and then final assemblies. We've also, like I mentioned before, we're doing some 
design to build work. So, on all the fronts, we are trying to expand the value creation. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. Great, sir. And just one last question on the other income side. On the consolidated basis, 
other income has fallen sharply. So, is there probably some dividend that you would have 
received in the fourth quarter of last fiscal, which was not there in this quarter? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Management: 
So, there are two parts to the other income. There is other income which we get because there's 
a surplus fund or surplus corpus available in, let's say, Raymond Limited, which is the parent 
company. And then there's also other operating income, which is essentially generated from, 
let's say, sale of scrap and all, because more particularly in the aerospace business, there's a lot 
of scrap which get generated because of a new machine. So, it has both elements. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Okay. Right, sir. I think I'll stop here. And if further questions are there, I'll come back. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Aman Baheti from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aman Baheti: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I'm audible? So, my first question was in the line 
of our Precision Auto business. So, the EBITDA margins expanded around 250, 260 basis points, 
but the top line growth was only like 10% on a yearly level. So, what really drove the EBITDA 
margin expansion? And is it fair to assume that these kinds of margins are sustainable? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, first of all, there was an exception of INR13 crores, which I hope you're aware of, which you 
have to take out from the equation, which was a one-time cost from the land sale that we had. 
So, once you remove that -- basically, we implemented SAP in August. We did a lot of work on 
integrating all of the companies. We then did a lot of synergies across the companies. And all of 
this, I would say, came together before the start of the last quarter. And therefore, synergies from 
the companies, cost reduction activities, improvement in efficiencies, consolidated buying, all 
of those had a role to play in margin expansion. 
 
And the margin will continue going forward as well because these are permanent synergies and 
cost reduction program that we've put in place. Yes, this year, there's going to be some amount 
of pressure because certain raw materials have gone up, but normally, these are passed through. 
So, there will be a lag. But in effect, the margins should remain where they are. 
Management: 
See, there is a big -- strong cost consciousness mindset, and which is why we are running a 
formal cost reduction program this year. So clearly, the focus on improving margins, not just 
from the growth, but also from cost efficiencies remains the priority. 
Aman Baheti: 
All right, sir. And in our segmental performance also, we have some other operating income or 
losses there. So, we incurred around INR13 crores of loss in the other segment. So could you 
give a breakup of that? 
Management: 
The Raymond Corporate, essentially which is the holding company, has other income, which 
comes in the form of interest income that it generates from the corpus it has. But obviously, it 
has some expenses as well. So more or less, of course, you can't measure that on a quarterly 
basis, but I guess the best thing is to look at it on a full year basis. And on a full year basis, the 
income more than offsets the expenses. And therefore, to that extent, it could be one quarter here 
or there. 
 
But broadly, the way you have to look at this business is that Raymond Corporate will be more 
or less even-steven. Okay, there could be some marginal loss in some quarter or some year and 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
there could be positive some year, etcetera. But broadly neutral, the way to kind of look at this 
business is we have to look at the aerospace and the auto segment and then really focus on those 
two segments. And not on the Corporate that you can assume will be always even-steven with 
some marginal loss or profit. 
Aman Baheti: 
All right, sir. Got it. And lastly, on our aerospace business, we have highlighted our order book. 
So, this order book is largely from Safran? Or are we taking in any other customers? What is the 
concentration? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, you have to appreciate that we have over 25 customers, and one of our strategies has been 
to derisk our customers. Even when you talk about the OEM you mentioned, they have more 
than seven different legal entities. So, we are working with many of them. So, the point is to 
derisk our business across several customers with whom we already have approvals, and that 
puts us in a very good position to scale business. 
Aman Baheti: 
All right. So, I mean -- so my direct question was, can you give a breakup of how much would 
be LEAP engines from the total order book, only LEAP engines? 
Gautam Maini: 
Well, I can't -- I don't think it's okay for me to give you a direct breakup, but let me tell you that 
over 75% of the products that we make are for the engine segment across the OEMs globally, 
which should be a good direction for you to know. 
Aman Baheti: 
All right, sir. And lastly, I mean, I'll join back the queue after this. So we have guided that we'll 
be adding around 300 to 350 new components every year. So how has that been playing out till 
now? Are we in line to ramping up those things? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So I talked about one component a day that we will start to do. And this year, we should 
manage that, but I don't count your -- all the days in the year. So, I would say 250 is possible to 
be made this year, and we should be on track for it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Adhiraj Singh from Amicus Capital Partners. 
Adhiraj Singh: 
Sir, firstly, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. So, first on 
the net cash number that you have presented, which is INR68 crores. If I look at the balance 
sheet, right, so I see borrowings of around INR1,000 crores and some cash of INR200 crores. 
So, can you please provide the reconciliation for the same? 
Management: 
Sorry, which page are you referring to? I mean the numbers which you have said are correct of 
around INR100 crores? 
Adhiraj Singh: 
So, borrowings are -- if I look at the consol balance sheet, borrowings come to about INR1,000 
crores. And if I look at the cash and bank balance, it's around INR200 crores. So, I was just 
trying to understand what else is included in the cash line item? 
Management: 
Yes. So, there are investments in other marketable securities, right? I mean you have lots of, let's 
say, instruments in which you invest to optimize your yield when you are sitting on a large 
corpus. So, I mean, there will be a variety of instruments there. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Adhiraj Singh: 
Okay. These would be liquid instruments, right, all marketable? 
Management: 
Yes, largely liquid. I mean some may have 2, 3-years kind of time frame, but largely liquid. 
Adhiraj Singh: 
Okay. That helps. And sir, second question is more along the lines of -- on the Aerospace 
business. So right now, we are primarily into engines. But as we scale, right, is there any plans 
to get into, let's say, aerostructures or landing gear? So, if you can help me understand if there's 
any strategy around it? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. Like I said before, it's 75% in engines. So obviously, that other 25%, we are in landing 
gears, we are in hydraulics, we are in fuel, we are in other accumulators, we're in auxiliary 
engines. So, we have not restricted ourselves to any. The idea was to create enough relationship 
with the aerospace industry as a whole. And then depending on where the opportunities were, 
we would take them. 
 
So, we will definitely be taking opportunities in all areas. Obviously, keeping in mind our growth 
rates, our ROCEs, our returns and wherever we find them to be the best, we will pursue those 
on priority because like we said, the market is so large that it's more limited by what you can 
execute rather than market. So, it's very important to execute right. And that is the focus of the 
company now, is to make sure that we can grow our execution base. 
Management: 
See, the critical thing is that, I mean, the biggest opportunity for us is when we start setting up 
Andhra. It's a clean slate. So, on a clean slate, and Gautam alluded to it, but maybe I'll make it 
more specific, that the kind of conversation we are doing with most of our partners are basically 
to say, well, you tell us what you want us to put kind of story so that we can become more 
strategic with them. 
 
So obviously, we want to; A, make it kind of one-stop shop for the customer. So that will help 
the business trajectory as well as I think one of the other participants have asked a point on 250 
parts and those kinds of things. But I think it's not the 250 which is more important. What is 
important is that how do you go up the value chain on those 250 parts. So that's also part of that 
Andhra strategy because; A, there's no baggage. 
 
I mean it's a total new parcel of land. I mean we have about 45 acres for aerospace. So we can 
do what we like to do there. And therefore, we would rather take -- try to reshape the trajectory 
of the business versus doing more of the same. So those are the kind of things we are trying to 
work on. Now of course, they'll happen when they happen, but that's the thought process. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rakesh Roy from Boring AMC. 
Rakesh Roy: 
My first question, regarding your Aerospace business. As you mentioned this will grow 25% 
year-on-year. Then for FY29, how much revenue we expect from your Andhra plant for 
Aerospace? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So obviously, the Andhra plant in the first few months, you can't expect any revenue 
because you will have customer approvals and stuff like that. So, we will grow in a very small 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
way in FY28, which is your calendar year ending FY27 and last quarter of FY28. In FY29, you 
will see the real growth. 
Management: 
Let me try and address this question separately without getting into specific numbers. See, we 
have the capacity to grow this business by 25% for next year within our existing system. So, to 
that extent, whatever growth will happen, will happen in the existing unit to a large extent. And 
then Andhra really starts kicking in towards the end of FY28. Now FY29 you -- and the next 
25% has to come from Andhra. But the next 25% has to come from Andhra, it can't come from 
anywhere else. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. My assumption for existing business is, your business grew for FY28 year by INR50 
crores from this one. For FY29, I mean we get 25% growth from existing plants. And for Andhra, 
you said 25% of your INR800 crores or just -- again you have to add INR200 crores? 
Management: 
As far as mathematics, I mean you can do your math as much as we can do. All we can say at 
this stage is that we are targeting a 25% growth year-on-year. And the first-year growth can be 
taken care by the existing plant. The second year will have to be taken care by Andhra. It will 
be some number between INR150 crores to INR200 crores, whatever that number is. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is regarding your Auto business, especially EV side. Sir, demand 
for EV is increasing in Europe. So, any outlook from your side, how is the demand or how is 
your product for Europe? Any export to Europe also? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, I would say that the demand for hybrids has been much higher than just the demand for EVs, 
where we have been spending a lot of time as well. And that demand looks very strong for us. 
In fact, the volumes are increasing, and it's helping offset some of the other issues that are there 
with markets. So, I would say the hybrid market will continue to be very strong. 
 
The EV market, we have to still watch because the governments in Europe have moved the dates 
out by 4, 5 years. So, to that extent, the EV market is not as strong as the hybrid market. But as 
a percentage, they continue to grow. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deeya Jain from Sapphire Capital Partners. 
Deeya Jain: 
For FY27, what kind of growth do we expect and what kind of EBITDA margins are we 
expecting? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So, you've seen us historically grow at a certain pace, and we're going to keep that growth 
rate constant. So, I feel that there's a positive signal, and we will move in that -- on that basis. 
Deeya Jain: 
Also, with the margins? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, also with the margins. 
Deeya Jain: 
And sir, can you also provide the breakup of the capex that you are planning to do over the next 
5 years? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Gautam Maini: 
Each year, almost you can take approximately INR100 crores from each company. So over 5 
years, we'll probably spend INR1,000 crores. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you so much. 
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naman from Sanghvi Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Naman: 
Great. So first of all, congratulations on a very strong set actually. It's getting disguised because 
of the other income bit of it. But there are a couple of questions. First is, one, you've said that 
we have a very interesting pipeline of products developed and products that are under 
development. 
So, could you tell me or would it be possible for you to share status on, say, total number of 
products developed and total number of products commercialized? What would be the 
proportion of it? And how do you see that ramping up? Could you throw some light on that? 
That's the first question. 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes, so basically -- I'll answer the first and then maybe it will be easier. So basically, see, 
whatever you develop, depending on the timeline that you have from the customer, certain 
products can ramp up between 3 months, some will take 6 months, some will take 9 months, 
depending on the complexity, depending on the customer's order, depending on the contract the 
customer wants with you. 
So, you have to work everything backwards from what the customer wants as a portion of ramp-
up. So basically, you have to appreciate if you take an average period of about 6 months, right, 
you will maybe have 100, 125 parts that are not yet in ramp-up, but are in a process where you've 
developed the samples. 
And that's a cycle because those parts will then come into your ramp-up, they will then go into 
production and then you have new parts that come into your new product development. So, it's 
a continuous cycle that runs, and that could be the gap. As you increase your new product 
development, you will have more and more parts in the pipeline before they ramp up. But that's 
what the number looks like today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Naman. I will request to come back for a follow-up question. The next question is 
from the line of Pankaj from Affluent Assets. 
Pankaj: 
Sir, you mentioned about the capex plan you have for your company -- for both the companies. 
Just wanted to understand what are the plans for funding the same? And secondly, the growth 
rate of the auto components segment, which is part of our company, I just wanted to understand 
what is the growth rate for the next few years? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Gautam Maini: 
So basically, at the Raymond Limited, we are sitting with INR1,000 crores of cash, right? So 
there's enough sitting there plus the internal generation. So based on that, we don't see any 
problem in funding the capex. 
Pankaj: 
So due to that, will the parent company increase the stake... 
Moderator: 
Pankaj, sorry, you are not audible. 
Pankaj: 
Due to that... 
Management: 
Let me respond to this. So, I guess I think the critical thing is that the balance sheet of the 
Engineering business itself with the kind of earnings growth trajectory that we are estimating, 
itself has strength to take care of the growth plans. So, it doesn't need to actually draw upon the 
parent company for any capital for its organic needs.  
So, to that extent, we can continue to grow the business while strengthening our balance sheet 
also. Now on top of it, the safety net is that the parent company has liquidity. So therefore -- 
which is why if you see on an overall basis, we have a pretty much almost 0 net debt. So that's 
something which will continue. 
Pankaj: 
But due to that, will the parent company increase the stake in the Raymond Limited? 
Management: 
No, because if the businesses can self-fund itself from its cash flows and the cash flow generation 
and the earnings growth trajectory, then you don't have to really draw on capital from parent 
company for the organic needs. Of course, if something inorganic happens, depending on the 
size, scale, etcetera, then at that stage, maybe parent company will have to chip in. That is how 
we anticipate at this point in time, having done the long-term projections. 
Gautam Maini: 
See, for doing INR200 crores of capex, I really don't need INR200 crores, right? It's always a 
mix of accrual and debt. So, our cash flows are supporting us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Pankaj, I will request to come back for a follow-up. Next question is from 
the line of Tanya Singh, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Tanya Singh: 
Hi. So, my question is regarding the recent order win in the build-to-spec domain. Could you 
throw some more light on this, please? 
Gautam Maini: 
Actually, we're not able to disclose that right now due to confidentiality, but this is a product 
that we've developed for a customer, which is also designed completely by us. And it's the first 
time we did a build-to-spec. So, our goal is to look at how we can take it. It's a slower process. 
It's not immediate results, but I'm glad that we've got our first order, and therefore, we will be 
spending more time on this as the years go by. 
Tanya Singh: 
Congratulations on that. And could you throw light on how this would position us to move up 
the value chain? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Gautam Maini: 
No. Obviously, today, we make components based on an assemblies and subassemblies based 
on customer drawings. This would be our own products. So obviously, it makes a big difference. 
But you have to start small. So it takes time, and the aerospace industry is not an industry where 
you can just get in and do something. 
You will take a few years to establish yourself into the build-to-spec area. And we've just made 
a beginning there as one part of our value addition that we intend to bring in different parts of 
our business in aerospace. 
Tanya Singh: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best for the new FY. 
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Midhun James from Moat PMS. Please go ahead. 
Midhun James: 
Hello? Yes. Sorry. So, I'm particularly new to this company. I had a doubt on the shareholding 
pattern. So, when as an investor, I am invested in Raymond Limited, what do I get? As in I am 
-- I actually get a share of the parent company, right? The Raymond Limited company, which 
has got two subsidiaries. And the parent company has got about 66% shareholding in the two 
subsidiaries, if I'm not wrong. So, can somebody please clarify as in the minority interest gets 
subtracted from my -- I mean, how does it work out? 
Management: 
See, I think the very simple way to look at it is that it's a INR300 crores broadly EBITDA 
company. And you own as a shareholder, 2/3 of that EBITDA. So, it's a INR200 crores EBITDA 
that you own. Then there is a debt at the businesses, but there's more than sufficient liquidity at 
the parent company, which offsets that debt. So, to that extent, if you have to just simply look at 
the company, then you have to say it's a INR200 crores EBITDA that you own in a very, very 
simple language. 
Midhun James: 
So, it's just about 65% of whatever EBITDA that the company generates, right, at an annual 
level? 
Management: 
66.3%. 66.3% is 2/3. So, if company does INR300 crores EBITDA, then you own INR200 crores 
of that EBITDA because 66.3% is roughly 2/3. So, I'm just making it simple for you. Of course, 
you have to multiply by 66.3% if you want to be precise. 
Midhun James: 
Got it. And another question would be, since we are -- in our aerospace business, since we are 
into turbine vanes and all that, do we have a play in the gas turbine segment as well other than 
the aerospace business? Are we looking into that as a possible segment? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, we have looked at it, and we don't rule it out in the future because there are similarities, and 
we have some RFQs in that direction. So, we are definitely looking at it, and it will be very 
natural for our own production as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Midhun. I'll request you to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is 
from the line of Savan Thakkar from Chrys PMS. Please go ahead. 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Savan Thakkar: 
Hi, sir. So, across our raw material mix, so across Inconel, across stainless steel, titanium, 
aluminum, how much do we import and what do we import? And how much is sourced from 
India? 
Gautam Maini: 
So typically, as of today, you import 100%, right? We have just started development of a few of 
the materials, which are hopefully, over the next 6 to 8 months, we'll see some progress. In auto, 
we don't, but I'm talking specifically on aero, right? On aero, we import 100% today because 
you need approvals, etcetera. 
So slowly over the years, as we localize these materials and as the OEMs give approvals, this 
will actually be in the favour of not only us, but all Indian companies to get more competitive in 
the future as these raw materials get localized in India. 
Savan Thakkar: 
Okay. And in terms of your SKUs and components, you said that you'd add about 200 to 250 
components this year. Now what is the mix between assembly and components like is there a 
mix tracking that can be defined on that side? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So, I would say probably 20%, 25% of them would be subassemblies. Some would be main 
assemblies and the rest would be components that you would use for those subassemblies or 
some components you would use, which are complex components, you would use on your own. 
Typically, in the engine side, you will have a lot of subassemblies or on their own, unlike 
structures and systems where you could have a greater number of assemblies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Reuben from Equity Intelligence. Please go ahead. 
Reuben: 
Hi, sir. I just want to know on aerospace, what is your current utilization and is the growth more 
constrained because of the capacity or is it because of the orders? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, the growth will always -- I don't think it is either. It is a question of execution. So, when you 
say execution, you got to have the right engineering, you got to have the right process. You got 
to have the right tools, you have to have the right fixtures, you got to have the right systems. So, 
it's the entire supply chain process end-to-end that you deliver a product and the pace at which 
you can do it and the speed and accuracy with which you can do it.  
So, it's a question about having the entire delivery process smoothened out rather than just saying 
is it capacity or is it orders? It's definitely not orders, it's the ability to execute and capacity is 
only one issue of the entire supply chain. So, you need to get the whole story right and then it 
works. 
Reuben: 
Okay. Because see, we've been hearing about this huge order backlog by various -- bigger OEMs 
and all. But right now, when we're looking at this order book of INR2,300 crores over 5 years, 
it's just INR460 crores a year. So, I'm just trying to understand what -- and help me understand 
what is holding back this revenue expansion. Why is the growth going as much as the order 
backlog conversion? I'm just trying to understand that? 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. You need to understand that these orders are for products that you've already made, not for 
products that you're making because they are not in the contract yet. When you make, let's say, 
the 200 products we would make this year, those are not in the contract. So, almost on a monthly 
basis or a quarterly basis, your order position keeps increasing based on all the new products 
you keep adding. So, it's not like a fixed -- this is the current situation, but the situation is 
changing every day, every week, every month. These are just orders that you've had in the past. 
Management: 
See, this is like if we stop taking new orders, then how big the order book is, but we'll not stop 
taking orders, right? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Reuben, I request you to come back for a follow up question. Next question is from 
the line of Sahil from White Pine Investments. Please go ahead. 
Sahil: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to -- what would be the capacity utilization 
of the current 8,000 units per year and what would be the incremental capacity for these vanes 
in the Andhra plant? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, the vanes we have enough capacity in the current plant and we've just doubled our orders. 
So, we'll be adding it in this plant itself before we go to the Andhra plant. And what was the 
second question, you had two. 
Sahil: 
The incremental capacity in the Andhra plant for these vanes? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. So, there are different kinds of vanes. The ones we do today are cast iron, they are out of 
titanium, they're out of steel, some of them are machines, some of them are -- you can't even 
machine because they made out of hard metal. So, there are many varieties of vanes. And 
depending on which variety we will get how much order, then we will -- based on that, we will 
do our Andhra plant. So, we will also fill up first our current capacities here and then based on 
whatever new orders come, we will move them to Andhra. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh from Toro Wealth. Please go ahead. Harsh 
may I request you to unmute your line and proceed with your question. Due to no response we 
move to the next participant. 
Next question is from the line of Shashi Kant from Brighter Mind. Please go ahead. 
Shashi Kant: 
First of all, congrats for the good set of numbers. I have one question that one of our peers group 
has recently won order from Rolls Royce. So, while we we participating in the similar program? 
Gautam Maini: 
Yes. What was the last part of your question? 
Shashi Kant: 
So, one of our peers group of company has recently won order from Rolls Royce. So, were we 
participating in that program also in subsidy and all? 
Management: 
See, it's not an order win per se. There was an acquisition opportunity of an asset, which came 
with a lot of its own set of complexity, which is what they have acquired. And what they acquired 
had a contractual term as part of the acquisition. So, they have just aggregated the entire 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
contractual term of the current side of the business. So, it's not a new win that they have. Having 
said that, there are lots of RFQs that we are participating with I mean, not just Rolls, but many 
other customers. So, as we keep winning them, we will keep reporting them. 
Shashi Kant: 
Okay. So just an extension of that question. So, what is the time line gap between the RFQ and 
the real order placement from the OEMs? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, again, it depends. Like I said, if you take the OEMs, they have different complexities. So, if 
the parts are very simple, then the turnaround time is very quick. In some cases, we have self-
approval process. So, they don't even check our parts. They trust us to do the right job. In some 
cases, the medium complexity, it would take 3 to 6 months.  
In very complex, it could go 12 months. So, if they need validation, it can go even further. So, I 
think each part is on its own, but -- and that's the reason why you have to make a lot of parts 
because each one will follow its own path, which will have its own ramp-up plan, will have its 
own growth strategy. So, the ability of a company to continuously make new products, 
continuously scale up and ramp up, that's what we are looking at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Parekh from LS Finance. Please go ahead.  
Parekh: 
So, my question is for Mr. Gautam Maini. I heard the call you had, I think last year where you 
mentioned that there are four levels of critical components, N1 to N4 and we work at N2. And I 
think that tech was -- at least partially was transferred to us by Saffron. So, are we planning to 
get into N1 level of components, the rotating components? Do we have the capability and if we 
are not planning to do so, why is that? 
Gautam Maini: 
So definitely, I think the wish list is definitely N1. It takes time. It took us 5 years to go from N4 
to N3. It took us another 5 to go from N3 to N2. So, these are long-term programs where the 
customers really test you out and make sure that you are a really reliable supplier. You have to 
carry heavy insurances. You have to do a lot of things and which we've done right. And therefore, 
there's no reason why we would not want to do an N1. We definitely are pitching. And we hope 
that the customers one day will buy our pitch and we can do N1 parts. So that's definitely part 
of our wish list. 
Parekh: 
Awesome. That's great to hear. Can I squeeze in one more question, please? 
Gautam Maini: 
Go ahead. 
Parekh: 
So, this might be for the CFO. The depreciation is very high for our EBITDA, right? So, like 
how does the company generate cash flow like the capex, I think you mentioned in the past that 
the capex will come from internal accruals and debt. So, if the depreciation is so high, how do 
we generate internal accruals and maybe I'm not very bright here, so maybe please enlighten 
me? 
Management: 
See, we also have significant intangibles in our books to the tune of around INR800 crores. On 
that, we have a significant part of depreciation coming, which though in terms of calculation 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
appearing into depreciation, but that's more of -- it's not really, really impacting our cash 
basically. 
 
It's rather helping us in a way. So, the depreciation number, which seems very high to you, that's 
largely coming because of the intangibles that we have in our books. Our actual gross block is 
not that big. And I'll again stick to the same statement that we have enough cash flow, which is 
getting generated into our business for funding our further expansion. 
Management: 
See, you have to understand this, depreciation is a noncash charge. So, to that extent, because 
there are intangibles which got created out of the merger, so those intangibles and depreciation 
of that in some sense is actually helping the cash flow because of the tax advantage that you get 
on that depreciation. So, it's actually helping rather than hurting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from Vasu, individual investor. (1:01:07) Please go 
ahead. 
Vasu: 
Okay. Yes. Thank you. I just want to know, as of today, we are not interested in moving towards 
surface treatment, right? I mean scaling up vertically rather we are more interested in scaling up 
horizontally, right, to maintain a trade-off between ROCE or margins, which we explained in 
previous calls. It's still that stand or we are looking for -- getting into surface treatment or the 
margin accretive processes? 
Gautam Maini: 
So, obviously, we were constrained also with a lot of other things where we wanted to grow top 
line. We wanted to grow with customers, and we had limited space in our current location. Now 
that we have Andhra, definitely our plans have changed. We are discussing with all of our 
customers in a strategic manner to understand what will be their surface requirements over the 
next 5 years, heat treatment requirements. 
 
We're willing to be vertically integrated where it's needed. So, we are moving to a much more 
strategic level with the customers where they can depend fully on us as a one-stop shop, and we 
don't have to depend for all cases outside. Obviously, this will be done with a lot of prudence 
not to carry on with surface treatments where there's a lot of capacity in the country, but rather 
to go after those surface treatments that will build a business case for us in the next 3 to 5 years. 
So, this is definitely on the cards, and we are aggressively pursuing information from all our 
customers as to where we should look to invest. 
Vasu: 
Okay. Perfect. And the last one, a short one. Can you please let me know like what are the steps 
we are taking to reduce the audit or clearances process for the new greenfield because I think 
when I was reading it, it takes 2 to 3 years to get it approved from the -- I mean, various kind of 
certifications, right? So, if we are targeting by end of FY '27 calendar year or Q1 FY '28 kind of 
-- I mean we can kick off the production. So, is it feasible considering the audit and clearances 
will be done? Or it's more on the lines that we will produce the self-certified things which doesn't 
need external approval as such? 
Gautam Maini: 
No. So, it will be a combination of things, but mostly since this is a new plant and our customers 
would want us to make at the new plant because it will have a lot of things that they will like, 

 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
including sustainability, mechanization, automation. There will be a lot of stuff that they would 
love in that new factory. So, in fact, they will actually push for us to move our products there. 
So, it would not be something painful because it's -- the company is already approved. It's only 
a question of second location. 
 
That is not a very difficult thing. If you're not approved by a company and you want to go and 
get approval for the first time, then it takes 2 years. But in our kind of situation, that will not be 
the case. So that will be managed very well and very much in advance. In fact, all of our 
customers already know about our plan 16 months in advance. So, we're going to plan to be able 
to do that, yes. 
Vasu: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. And sir, any plans to get into single crystal materials as of now? 
Gautam Maini: 
Right now, no plans because that's not our core business. That could become a supplier for us 
when we need to get in there. We'd like to start with the heat treatment, surface treatment, 
finishing, assembly, etcetera, and give a complete sort of a value-added product to our customers 
at this point in time. 
Vasu: 
Thank you. Thank you very much, sir. Good luck. 
Gautam Maini: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. We will take that as a last question. I’ll now hand 
the conference over to the Bottom Line for closing comments 
Gautam Maini: 
So, thank you very much for the many interesting questions, and thank you for all your support 
for recognizing that the sectoral performances have been great. And we look forward to seeing 
you all in the next quarter. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Anand Rathi, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
