 
 
 
GE Power India Limited 
CIN- L74140MH1992PLC068379 
 
Corporate Office:  Axis House, Plot No 1-14, Towers 5 & 6, 
Jaypee Wish Town, Sector 128, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201301
T+91 0120 5011011   
F +91 0120 5011100  
 
Registered Office: Regus Magnum Business Centers, 11th 
floor, Platina, Block G, Plot C-59, BKC, Bandra (E), Mumbai, 
Maharashtra – 400051 
 
T + 91 22 68841741 
Email id: in.investor-relations@gevernova.com  
 
https://www.gevernova.com/regions/asia/in/ge-power-india-
limited 
 
 
 
 
 
       
                                   19 May 2026                   
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: GVPIL 
 
To, 
The Manager Listing, 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 532309 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings call held on 12 May 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our letter dated 12 May 2026 relating to the Audio recording of the Earnings call held on 12 May 2026, please 
find enclosed a copy of its transcript. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly,  
 
For GE Power India Limited  
 
 
 
Puneet Bhatla  
Managing Director  
DIN: 09536236
 
Enc.- As above 
 
Puneet
Bhatla
Digitally signed by 
Puneet Bhatla
DN: cn=Puneet Bhatla
c=IN o=Personal
Reason: 
Location: 
Date: 2026-05-19 
18:34+05:30

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“GE Power India Limited 
Q4 FY 2025-26 Earnings Conference Call” 
12th May 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNEET BHATLA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – GE 
POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. AASHISH GHAI – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - GE POWER INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. VIMLESH SINGH – SERVICES COMMERCIAL 
LEADER - GE POWER INDIA LIMITED 
MR. ROSHAN SINGH – SENIOR SALES STAFF MANAGER- 
FUNCTIONAL MANAGEMENT - GE POWER INDIA 
LIMITED 
 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the GE Power India Limited Q4 FY’26 
Investors Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Bhatla. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Thank you. Good Morning all, whosoever are there over the globe, in case somebody is joining 
us from the other side of the world. And thank you for joining us for the GE Power India Limited 
Q4 and the full year FY’26 Earnings call. I would like to extend a warm welcome to our 
investors, analysts and all the stakeholders.  
Our financial results for the quarter and the full year have been released and are available on the 
stock exchanges and on our website. Joining me on this call is our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Aashish Ghai, who will take you through the financial performance in details after my remarks. 
 
Let me begin with a brief perspective on the business environment. India's power sector 
continues to be supported by structurally strong demand driven by industrial growth, 
urbanization and the need for reliable base load power. At the same time, customers are 
increasingly focused on plant availability, efficiency improvement, emission compliances and 
life cycle cost optimization.  
This continues to create opportunities for the service-led offerings, upgrades and the targeted 
performance improvement solutions. Coal-based power generation remains critical for ensuring 
base load reliability and the grid stability, even as the renewable energy capacity continues to 
expand rapidly.  
India's approach to energy transition is calibrated, balancing sustainability goals with the energy 
security. In the environmental and the compliance landscape, there has been a recalibration of 
emission norms, particularly around the flue gas desulfurization. The revised framework 
prioritizes the installation in the high-impact area while excluding certain categories of plants, 
thereby taking a more practical and a phased implementation approach.  
While this may impact the near-term ordering, but for affordable, reliable and sustainable 
electricity need, such solutions would remain in the need for the upgrade’s perspective. Against 
this backdrop, FY’26 has been a year of steady operation and the strategic progress for GE Power 
India Limited.  
Over the course of year, we remained focused on strengthening the company as more service-
led, execution-driven and financially disciplined business. Our emphasis continued to be higher 
margin, shorter cycle and lower working capital intensive opportunities and selective approach 
to others that do not meet our return and the cash flow thresholds.  

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
This disciplined strategy has supported better business quality, improved execution consistency 
and the stronger cash flow visibility. During the year, we saw encouraging momentum across 
our core services and upgrade portfolio. Better project selection, tighter execution and sustained 
cost discipline contributed to improved operating performance.  
At the same time, we continued to expand our offerings across both GE Power India and non-
GE Power India installed thermal bases, supporting a healthy flow of service-led orders. Core 
orders, the backbone have risen by 32% from FY24-25, with the revenue for the same period 
witnessed 12% upside and for this year 15% above the budget for the core services. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, our order book stood at INR1,628 crores, which remains healthy and 
provides the visibility for close to 2 years of execution from continuing operations. Importantly, 
this order book is now increasingly aligned with our strategic priorities, with a higher share of 
service-led, margin-accretive opportunities. 
 
During FY26, we also made meaningful progress in strengthening our balance sheet. Resolution 
of legacy receivables has been a key focus area, and we have seen encouraging movement 
through the structured settlements and the improved collection. The settlement of Bharat Heavy 
Electricals Limited has significantly enhanced cash flow visibility. 
While the amicable closure of matters with Jaiprakash Power Ventures Limited has reduced 
uncertainties and strengthened our financial position. This year, on the portfolio front, we have 
taken decisive steps to simplify and sharpen our business model. Following the earlier exit from 
hydro and gas businesses, we are on track for the demerger of Durgapur manufacturing facility 
to JSW Energy.  
This transition marks a significant shift towards an asset-light, service-led structure, reducing 
fixed cost exposure while ensuring continued access to manufacturing and the service 
capabilities through appropriate commercial arrangements. As a result of these actions, 
combined with disciplined cash management, our financial position has improved materially.  
Our net worth has strengthened, and we are now operating with more efficient capital structure, 
better aligned with the nature of our business going forward. From a growth perspective, we 
have also made steady progress in diversifying our order inflows. During the year, we have 
expanded our presence across multiple international markets, including Saudi, Turkey, 
Australia, UAE, Malaysia, Indonesia and Morocco.  
These engagements support the service across a meaningful installed base and reinforce our 
positioning as a reliable and preferred partner in thermal services and solutions. Operationally, 
the year also saw several important milestones across the business. In new build boiler, we 
achieved contract closure with BHEL, which I just mentioned, completed three PG tests for the 
key units and reached synchronization and the facility closure milestones across multiple 
projects.  
In AQCS and FGD, we have received seven operational acceptances and completed completion 
of facilities for four units. In the services, we continued to invest in capability building and 
delivered first-time products, generator repairs, turbine upgrade control system solutions.  

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
This year, we have had a pleasure of receiving orders for 18 new first-of-its-kind products, which 
is remarkable. Our automation and control business also secured an executed multiple orders 
across the domestic and the international market. The team is highly skilled in executing the 
projects for DCS, turbine controls, generator excitation, generator health monitoring with 
various product lines like ALSPA, Mark VIe, etc. 
 
Looking ahead, our priority remains clear driving disciplined execution, accelerating cash 
conversion and sustaining profitability. We will continue to focus on strengthening our core 
service franchise, improving margins and maintaining financial discipline. With a streamlined 
portfolio, improved profitability and order book position, we have closed 2026 on a positive note 
and are well-positioned to build on this momentum as we move forward.  
We are pleased to also announce that the board has recommended dividend payout of 70% of 
the face value, which is subject to the approval of the shareholders of the company at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting. Thanks for your patience and belief in us for last 4 years when the 
company could not declare the dividend in those tough periods.  
With that, I will now hand it over to Aashish, who will walk you through the financial 
performance in much more detail. Thank you. Over to Aashish. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Thank you, Puneet. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time to join today's earnings 
call. And once again, congratulations to all the investors for the strong financial performance for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. I would share a few insights in that context. 
 
Starting with the commercial update, during the quarter, your company secured orders worth 
INR 254 crores compared to INR 285 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. 
Please note prior year's figure includes O&M orders worth INR 52 crores. But notably, your 
company's pivot to margin and cash accretive core services business is on the right track, with 
orders increasing by 22% quarter-over-quarter from INR 207 crores to INR 253 crores.  
And for the complete financial year, your company has booked orders worth INR 877 crores in 
current financial year compared to INR 2,183 crores in the previous financial year. There is a 
steep decline, which is contributed by FGD-EP orders of Jaypee Bina and Nigrie worth INR 775 
crores, which we booked last year and also two large complex upgrade orders of Vindhyachal 
and Wanakbori worth INR 591 crores again booked in the previous financial year. But again, on 
the core services, which, as Puneet mentioned rightly, is the backbone of the current and the 
future strategy of the company. 
 
We have successfully delivered a strong year-over-year 32% growth, which reflects the 
continued strength of our strategy execution and market positioning in that portfolio. As of 
March 31, 2026, your Company has an order backlog of INR 1,628 crores, down from INR 
2,662 crores 12 months back as on March 31, 2025. This reduction is driven by the termination 
of two FGD EP contracts of Jaypee Bina and Nigrie. 
 
Coming to the financial performance. Revenue for the quarter ended March 2026 stood at INR 
316 crores driven by upgrade volumes in the quarter, which is up from INR 266 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. This marks a 19% quarter-over-quarter 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
Revenue for the full financial year stood at INR 1,269 crores, which is up from INR 1,047 crores. 
This marks an impressive 21% increase driven by strong performance across Core Services and 
Upgrades, which grew by 14% and 24% respectively YoY. 
 
Profit before tax and exceptional items from continuing operations for the quarter stood at INR 
119 crores compared to loss of INR 15 crores in the quarter ended 31st March 2025. This reflects 
the sustained efforts in improving the operating performance across the business and transition 
to a healthier project and portfolio mix. The steep quarter-quarter profitability increase is also 
complemented by certain one-off items like reversal of ECL provision for BHEL, which is 
around INR44 crores. 
 
I would also like to update our investors that pursuant to the settlement agreement signed with 
BHEL earlier this year, the company has successfully received INR 343 crores in the financial 
year 25-26. With receipt of the above-stated amount, all the obligation from your company in 
respect to the projects covered under the settlement agreement stand closed, and both parties 
have fully released and discharged each other against any and all future claims. 
 
Profit before tax and exceptional items from continuing operations for the full year stood at INR 
340 crores compared to INR 22 crores in the previous financial year. This substantial increase 
also comes from operational excellence, but at the same time, it's complemented by certain one-
off items like reversal of ECL provision for BHEL, which was around INR116 crores, Solapur 
extension of time and LD settlement around INR 22 crores, and insurance claims from Solapur 
and Sipat fire incident, which was around INR 18 crores. 
 
There have been certain one-off gains in the financial year which augmented the strong 
performance. However, I'm happy to share that excluding the one-offs, your company delivered 
11% EBITDA at the entity level in the current financial year, reflected solely by the operational 
performance. 
 
With an exceptional performance in the financial year, your company has recommended an 
exceptional dividend of INR 7 per equity share, which is 70% of the face value, subject to 
approval of the shareholders at the ensuing AGM, which is the highest dividend recommended 
in the last 10 years at least of the company. 
 
Your company took certain critical actions in this financial year, such as signing of settlements 
with BHEL and Jaypee, plus signing of demerger transaction for Durgapur with JSW Energy. 
These actions are decisive and reflect our commitment to continue to reduce financial exposure, 
optimize operational cost, and march towards sustained profitability at the back of core services 
business and disciplined execution. 
 
And the quarter-over-quarter profitability in this financial year is a testament to the effectiveness 
of this strategy. Despite the challenges posed by the limitations on FGD installations, we have 
managed to maintain a solid financial footing from operations. Our ability to secure key core 
orders positions us well for the year ahead. 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
Before I open the forum for Q&A, I humbly want to convey to you all that GEPIL's management 
remains fully committed to drive sustainable growth in strategic areas like core services, 
focusing on generating consistent profits and cash flow. 
 
We have made a significant progress in our financial turnaround journey over the course of this 
year, and the results delivered reflect the strength of our execution. As we enter the new financial 
year, we remain focused on sustaining this momentum and continuing to strengthen the business 
across key operating and financial parameters. 
 
I, on personal note, would also like to thank all our investors for their continued support and 
trust that you have shown in us during the last 2 years. Your trust motivates the management to 
drive the results and turnaround like the one we are witnessing in the company. I enjoyed every 
opportunity of engaging with you all through the quarterly calls, and I wish you all the very best. 
Thank you for joining the call once again, and I now open the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take the first question 
from the line of Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Yes, good morning, sir. First of all, congrats on consistently showing such strong numbers. I'm 
a bit new to the company, so just some basic questions to begin with. We are seeing that all the 
gas turbine manufacturers are having these large orders, and these turbines also need the HRSG 
systems, and we have mentioned about these systems a few times over the year. 
 
So if you can please share more on the same and what do we do here exactly? I believe GE used 
to manufacture for the same in the Durgapur facility. So if you can just give me a broad outline 
as to what are we doing here? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Thanks, Rahil, for taking time and connecting onto the earnings call. Yes, you are right that there 
is a sort of a spurt and there is a spike of the gas plants in the global arena. But as per the business 
objects for the GEPIL today, we are not in the gas turbines firstly. Secondly, you're asking for 
the tail side of a gas plant while you're talking of the HRSGs and others. So, these  also belongs 
to gas business. GEPIL is focused only on the steam or the thermal business. So that's not your 
company which is at this point of time working at. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Okay. But I believe the HRSG systems are also used in thermal as a part of the combined cycle 
turbine, right, along with the normal steam turbine? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
So a gas plant normally has a gas turbine, if it is a combined cycle, a gas turbine, an HRSG, and 
a steam turbine. This all entails the gas business of GE Vernova, and it's not in the objects for 
GEPIL at this point of time. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Got it, got it. And if I were to ask this as to how much of the core services order book is 
executable for us in FY '27? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Ashish if you can give these numbers. 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Aashish Ghai: 
So typically these are short cycle orders which gets complete within 12 months. So the order in 
hand that you see as on, say, 31st March 2026, expect around 85% to 90% of that to be executed 
in FY'26-'27. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Got it, got it. And a much broader question regarding the maintenance, upgrades, 
decarbonization, and all-site repair of old plants. How should we understand the overall market 
size or demand for that as of date, considering if I look at the BHEL order book, we have seen 
in the last 3 years what kind of rise they have seen for the thermal plants after a long 10 years of 
waiting? So as of date, according to you, how is this market shaping up? How big of a demand 
are we seeing here annually for our sort of services and yes? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
So Rahil, it's a good observation which you have made, and I think there is a lot of focus which 
is coming on the thermal power stations. And when we are talking of the thermal power station, 
its reliability, its PLF, and its availability, all becoming very important to cater to the need of 
the economy. With that it means when the PLFs are increasing, the machines are doing a heavy, 
and more duty, and when they are doing the more duty, the requirement for the services business 
will keep on increasing. 
 
Unfortunately, it cannot be predicted when a machine is going to fail, but if you have seen, you 
have observed the order book position for the core for last many years, We have been 
consistently improving it  year after year, and this year also I think we have improved it to 32% 
more orders intake or something like that. 
Rahil Dasani: 
32% of the market share. I didn't hear you clearly. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
32% core orders intake from the previous year. Market size, it will be about INR3,500 crores to 
INR4,000 crores as a target market.  
Rahil Dasani: 
Got it, okay. Yes, I have a few more questions, but I'll get back in the queue. Thank you and 
congratulations again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Tushar Deepak Bhai Bhavsar from 
Cognizance 4D. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
I have a couple of questions. My first question is that, our order backlog have declined from INR 
2,662 crores to INR 1,628 crores. So, when you say like 85% will be cleared off in the year. So, 
are we expecting like revenues of around INR 1,300 crores for the year '27? 
 
My second question is, I see that we generated around INR 469 crores cash from operating 
activities from continued operation, but we have deployed INR 450 crores as a loan to some 
party. What is this loan about? 
 
My third question is, once we exhaust this order backlog, how quickly we anticipate the backlog 
to grow? And are we increasing the core business or we are expanding it to other areas. 
Aashish Ghai: 
So, I would answer it one by one. Your first and the third question are very interlinked. I'm going 
to take them together and then we'll talk about the operating cash and the loan which you have. 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
So yes, the order in hand have declined from previous year. And like I said in the beginning, 
there are 2 reasons to it. One, we have terminated one of the FGD-EP contract, which was worth 
INR 775 crores. 
 
So that's one big driver of it. Number two, if you see the strategy of the company, which we 
launched in July 2024 and that is what we are implementing for the last few years. 
 
As a result of that, at least for this year growth Puneet mentioned 32% in core orders in particular, 
but also over four years, the CAGR is 25%. So, I think that strategy is proving to be quite 
effective in terms of the growth. But at the same time, there is new build, when I say new build, 
I'm talking about the greenfield projects or FGD EPC solution projects. Those are on the project 
closeout mode, meaning that it would consistently go down and down because we are closing 
out those projects. 
 
So, you will see reduction in order in hand. That's the nature of or that's the effective strategy 
itself. What remains important is that in the portfolio where we are spending the commercial 
efforts, where we are going to continue our business and our future performance is at the back 
of those, that portfolio, which is Core services, how are we doing there? And I can tell you that  
order in hand for core services alone has increased by around 40% year-over-year. 
 
So, what is declining is the new build orders backlog, which is the strategy of the company 
anyways, but what is increasing is the core orders backlog. So that message is important. So, to 
your third point, yes, we expect and we are working towards growth in core services. 
 
At this point of the time, I think Puneet in the previous question to Mr. Rahil answered that there 
is around INR 4,000 crores of targeted fleet which we are working on, and currently we have 
roughly 18% of the market share there. Our endeavor is to grow that market share, stabilize for 
the next year or so, and then think of expanding if we have to in other areas. For now, we remain 
committed on the strategy we had announced and we are delivering on that one. 
 
Coming to the last point, which you said about the operating cash and the loan. INR 450 crores 
loan that you see is a loan or lending to our cash pool account. Any surplus cash which we have, 
we either have two options, either to lent to cash pool or invest in FDs for the working capital 
surplus with the commercial bank. Our cash pool arrangement, which is benchmarked with 
HSBC, we lend that money and earn interest on that, which is reflected in the other income of 
the financials. 
 
So that is the surplus working capital cash which is lent to be used as and when we require by 
the company. So that is the INR 450 crores that you see in the balance sheet. I hope you have 
received your answers. 
Tushar Bhavsar:  
Yes, maybe I do, I do. Thank you. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Maybe I can add something onto this, Mr. Tushar. I'll just remind you with respect to the strategy 
which we have changed or which we have painted about 1.5 years back, when we got into our 
service-led strategy we understand that the headline for the order intake will be remaining muted, 
but I think this is in line with the strategy which we have taken. And this was taken because we 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
always believe that the relevant metric at this stage for us is the earnings quality rather than the 
order backlog. And I would even like to extend it historically, There are several examples which 
were largely focusing on the EC, but they could not translate into the shareholder value because 
of the weak margins or the long cycle and the uncertainty. And for that, just to remind everybody 
that we took a conscious call about 1.5 years back or 2 years back and get into a quick short 
cycle highly accretive margin opportunities on which we are working. And I think we have been 
consistent on that. 
Tushar Bhavsar: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Milind Karmarkar from Dalal & 
Broacha portfolio managers. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Hi, thank you very much for taking my question. I had a couple of questions. Basically, wanted 
to understand how large is the opportunity for you in core services globally, and while, you 
know, trying for this opportunity, do we get help from our parent? That was my first question. 
The second question was that also wanted to understand more about this INR450 crores being 
lent via HSBC. What kind of yield do we get on this and how safe is this type of lending? So 
these were the two questions which I have.  
Puneet Bhatla: 
I could not take the last time when you mentioned with respect to the promoters. What was that 
line? 
Milind Karmarkar: 
So, what I was saying was that in your endeavour to basically focus on core services globally, 
do we get some kind of a help from our parent. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
So Milind. We are a part of the big GE Vernova and GEPIL as a legal entity has got a mandate 
or a perimeter for the India region. So, for a larger perspective, we are only focused on the India. 
But then we are also focusing on 13 other countries  specifically for the boilers in Vietnam or 
Saudi or Turkey or Indonesia etc. 
With respect to the global or the promoter support, yes, we have got the support with respect to 
the IP. But you should also take a pride into this that your company within the overall global GE 
Vernova perspective is the only company which is working on the GEPIL as well as non-GEPIL 
fleet.  
Milind Karmarkar: 
Yes. Only one more addition here was that when it comes to non-GE, are we restricted to Eurasia 
or we can sort of service anywhere in the world? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
No, our perimeter remains only India region for GEPIL and non-GEPIL assets. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Only India. Okay got it. Thank you. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
So your second question. Maybe I will hand it over to Ashish. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Yes Mr. Karmarkar. So, your second question was to throw more light on the INR 450 crores. 
So what we do and we have been doing for almost all our working capital surplus cash, we have 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
a common pool entity within the promoter group. And we lend or we borrow. So in our testing 
times, we borrowed significant money from that pool. 
And now when we are a cash surplus, we are lending to that entity. So, we have from our 
shareholders, an approval for both lending as well as borrowing from that entity and that lending 
and borrowing rates are competitive and benchmarked within nationalized commercial bank.  
In this case, we have benchmarked it with HSBC, which is also mentioned, we kind of disclose 
it in the AGM every year. The range, then you have two points, one on the rate and two on the 
safety of this lending. So, the rates vary, of course, as the time goes as also the benchmark rates 
change, but it remains in the range of 5.5 to 6.35% during the year 
And it is, like I said, if it is benchmarked, we typically get 0.25% higher, typically higher than 
what we get in the commercial bank. So, that's what we get here. Now, in terms of the safety, 
these lending is reviewed, approved by not just the management, but by the board of the 
company and well audited by the auditors also when they come. 
And we, at our end, we do a thorough financial health check of this company every year. So, 
this is also the entity where do other businesses also, the balance sheet of that company is very 
healthy. The net worth and the cash position of that company is healthy. So from a safety 
standpoint, I think it's a very healthy company. And every year, we perform the financial health 
of the entity. 
We have been doing it for decades now. And I mean, since beginning, let's say, when GE took 
over and we have operational benefits of that and also financially very competitive pricing with 
a safe house when we need it. So, that's what is the working surplus cash positioning that we do 
in the company. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Sunny Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sunny Shah: 
First of all, congratulations to the management for walking out and delivering good numbers. 
So I have a set of 3 questions, if I may ask one by one. So as what I read about the government 
mandate regarding the FGD that any coal plant having 250-plus gigawatt capacity must install 
the FGD. So in that sense in terms of desulpurization what scale do we see at GE Power given 
the fact that we have a technology backing from the parent? And if the opportunity is so, what 
is the broad range or a ballpark range of margin expectation in such kind of orders? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Sunny, I'll hand it over to my commercial leader for FGD. Roshan Singh. 
Roshan Singh: 
Right. Good morning. So, your question is, what is the business currently as per the government 
mandate on the FGD part. If you see the recent notification what government has notified last 
year, July 25, that is, they have categorized installation of FGD, which was category A and 
category B and category C. It was with respect to the population of the cities. 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Before 11th of July notification, it was mandated that all three categories will have to 
compulsorily install the FGD. However, post this notification, what has happened, category C, 
which is more than 50% of the install base that is more than 200 gigawatt, which was supposed 
to be like FGD ready by certain date. has been taken out. 
Then the government said category A has to necessarily install, which was like 10% of the total 
install base and category B has an option. So, that is how category B has an option means they 
have to review the applicability, then submit to the government. 
And if they go ahead for FGD, then there is not a pass through of tariff under certain conditions. 
So, that is how category B portion has also come out in practical terms. Only category A left it 
is hardly 8 gigawatts, which is supposed to install the FGD with respect to the notification of 
11th June 2025. And to which the progress is quite slow. Majorly plants are from Tamil Nadu 
and Maharashtra and one or two plants in Central India. Am I able to answer you? 
Sunny Shah: 
Yes, fair enough. So, you are saying that mandate effectively has not much of weightage in the 
business sense for us, unless obviously it is being done proactively by the power bank itself. 
Roshan Singh: 
Yes, correct. 
Sunny Shah: 
So I'll come to the last question. We have a net cash of INR 880 crores in the books. So, I mean, 
what are we planning? Are we planning to use it in terms of working capital, but at the same 
time, we have moved from a high capital intensive to a low capital intensive and high margin 
business is what I would understand as per the last one-and-a-half-year talk, which we are having 
with the management. So, what are we trying to plan with this INR880 crores? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
So, Sunny, I think a good observation, but let me be very honest and transparent with you. The 
company is fully aware of the situation and continue to evaluate the effective and the efficient 
deployment of this for  growth. Our perimeter for the growth would be towards the focus area 
i.e. Services. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt in between, sir. Your voice is broken. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Maybe I will start from the start. Sunny, thanks for this question and probably I think this is 
something which I would like to answer and try to give you an understanding on to this aspect. 
This cash is into our continued evaluation so that we can effectively and efficiently deploy it 
towards our business growth and the operational strengthening, while also creating the 
shareholders' value.  
But our strategy remains the same wherein which we have been saying for last many, many 
quarters that we would be focused on the service, which is high margin, short cycle, and cash 
accretive perimeter. And as we develop further onto this, we will keep you updated on the 
developments which are taking place onto this so that we also share it out with you. And most 
important for us is the shareholder value creation which we would like to use it into that. Aashish, 
anything that you would like to add onto this? 
Aashish Ghai: 
No, I think you have answered, Puneet. Thank you.  

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Sunny Shah: 
Right. So, I'll come to the last question. I could understand that the shareholders' value in terms 
of either in the growth of the company or in whatever way is the focus. So, I'll come to my last 
and third question is if I were to ask you about, you know, GE Power's SWOT analysis in terms 
of, and more focus would be in terms of the opportunity and the threats? 
And these opportunities and threats, let's say, could be highly probable and it could be a low 
probable thing. But if you could define something in terms of what opportunities lie and what 
are the threats, if maybe, you know, if you could dwell on that? 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Maybe I'll start with the easier one, the opportunities. We are focused on the thermal business 
of the installed base, and as you would have been seen in the whatsoever is there in the media 
etc. The demand is constantly increasing as the economy is rising.  
We,  a  service after-sales business, this demand is going to continuously help us. I see that this 
is one of the big opportunities  for your company. On the threat side as the renewable is coming 
in, there could be a little bit of a slowness. But at the same time, let me give you a back-of-the-
envelope calculation, Sunny. To even get a 100 gigawatt of renewable, you still require a 300 
gigawatt of the embedded energy. And that embedded energy till the renewable comes in is only 
coming from the thermal now at this point of a time. You can call it as a threat, but again within 
this threat, there is an opportunity. So, I see it both ways. 
Sunny Shah: 
Right. Thank you so much for patiently answering the questions. I mean, I'm done with my 
questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prateek Shrivastava from Nivesh 
Wisdom. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Yes, hello, sir. Again, thank you for taking my question and again congratulations on a 
wonderful set of numbers. My question is on the Durgapur JSW demerger. So, what are the 
specific regulatory approvals are pending and what is the realistic timeline for this? 
Aashish Ghai: 
Yes, Mr. Shrivastava. So right now, where we are in the process is that we have filed with NCLT 
and in the due course there are certain approvals that are needed. Like  creditors and shareholders' 
approval. 
So, there are certain approvals and then of course ultimately NCLT and we also need NOCs 
from the government institutions like the tax institutions and the banks and all that. So all those 
are part of the procedure. The procedure is initiated after the filing of the petition with NCLT. 
The realistic timelines, well within 12 months is definitely there.  
The target is to close within this calendar year, that's the target, but I can say that within 12 
months from, say, 31st March of 2026 is definitely the expectation. The target remains three 
months ahead of that.  
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Okay. And sir, how does it benefit GE and minority shareholders like us, this demerger? 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Aashish Ghai: 
Sure, I can take that. I see a couple of benefit on the company's side, and when I say company, 
I the shareholders are part of the company, so I take, you know, all of us together. So, one big 
benefit is I believe it gives the flexibility to our shareholders, to our investors to remain invested 
in a large power asset of the country.  
Durgapur is an asset of 660 acres. Now this is no small land, this is no small asset. However, the 
way we have, you know, transformed over the last 65 years, which is the aging of this asset, we 
are into services business now and we are ramping down on the new build business, and hence 
the asset was underutilized.  
Now this is not just unfortunate for the company, this is also unfortunate for the country that a 
large asset is being underutilized. Now with this demerger, it gives you an opportunity that you 
can choose to remain invested in the asset because it is going and you would get, you know, the 
as per the entitlement ratio the shares in the resulting company and also the remaining business, 
which is GEPIL's core strategy backed by core services.  
So, it would unlock the shareholders' value, which also Puneet talked about in the previous 
response. So, I think it gives you that flexibility, which is one. It unlocks value for that asset 
because it was underutilized. We tried to kind of, you know, we tried a few things to not only 
fill the factory but at least be some get some level of profits there, but we could not succeed 
honestly.  
And we have seen quarter-over-quarter we have reported losses in that from that factory or from 
that business. So, it goes to a partner or it goes to a company which is very ambitious and which 
is growing on that and which would be effectively utilizing that factory a lot, and they have 
shared the plans for Durgapur, they have also shared the employment opportunity in Durgapur.  
So, I think it is good for the country, good for the people in Durgapur, and also at the same time 
gives the shareholders an opportunity to remain invested or not remain invested as you feel like 
but definitely unlock a shareholders' value.  
From our side, like from a management perspective, we are able to focus on the remainder 
business, we are able to focus and grow on the core services business and in turn deliver better 
growth and in turn deliver better results operationally, more importantly, and then of course as 
a function of operations, financially.  
So that is the whole idea behind or that was the whole intent behind this demerger proposal 
which is put on the table. And I actually thank you for this question because it's important that 
our investors understand the intent of this demerger so that they can vote with the right level of 
information and intent when it comes to you for approval. 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Thank you, sir. So now that we are getting into core services, with this demerger, are we going 
to lose any manufacturing or fabrication capability which supports our core services contracts? 
Aashish Ghai: 
So again, thank you for this question. Good question. So, the short answer is no, we will not. 
And the reason for that is that as for boiler, so firstly, why do we need the factory for core 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
services? Do we even need the factory for core services? We need manufacturing capabilities, 
yes, for our boiler portfolio we need that.  
There are components, well-identified components for which we need these, you know, the 
manufacturing capabilities. How are we making sure that as part of this demerger our core 
services is not getting impacted is by signing a long-term service agreement with JSW Energy. 
We have signed as part of the deal, we have signed a five-year contract with them, which can be 
extended as mutually convenient to both the parties. 
But five-year contract with them under which we have reserved the right for, you know, at 
predetermined schedule and price, the rights for manufacturing, not for manufacturing, the 
manufacturing will be done by JSW itself and we will they will be our vendors for it, but we 
have kind of reserved the capacity so that our core services business is not impacted for the next 
five years.  
Now five years is a long period where we will then develop an alternate supply chain. We have 
already started working on that even before the demerger. We are in making good progress there, 
but I think over the next 18 months, I would say, we would be in a very good shape to have 
developed an alternate supply chain that, you know, post the completion of this long-term 
agreement, we would be independent of by ourselves for core.  
But for the next five years, we have secured the order intake or avoided any loss of order intake 
by signing this long-term agreement. 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Great, sir. And one final question is on EBITDA margin. You noted 37.6% in Q4 EBITDA 
margin, but that is due to this BHEL reversal that alone roughly is around 14 percentage point it 
contributes to that? So, excluding all these, you know, one-time settlement related charges, 
provision reversal, then and anything other one-time, what would be the underlying EBITDA 
margin and what we can take that as for FY’27 run rate, sir? 
Aashish Ghai:  
Sure. So, for FY’25-‘26, after all these one-offs, I said in the in my opening remark that the 
normalized EBITDA or the underlying after all these one-offs remains for at the entity level is 
at 11%. At the entity level for full financial year, I'm talking about.  
The same at the quarter level is at 18% because you mentioned 37% for the quarter. So that 
remains at 18%. For the full financial year, that's 11%. This is at the entity level including 
discontinued operations of Durgapur perimeter. Now our efforts and our optimization initiative 
both on cost side and then improving the, you know, the health of our portfolio remains there.  
So, I can safely say that the base is set and, you know, the efforts it should be, you know, at par 
if not more at least but at least at par for the for the future years. So, I would not I can't give you 
a range or something on the guidance for the future in terms of margins, but I can say that at 
least the base is set in this year.  
Prateek Shrivastava: 
So, when you say at par, should I take like around 18% or 11%? 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Aashish Ghai: 
No, 18% is for the quarter, sir. We're talking about the financial year, which is 11% for FY’25 - 
26. 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Okay. So, you're guiding more for on the year front. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Yes. 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Yes. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take the next question, a final reminder to all the participants, if you wish 
to ask a question, please press star and one. We will take the next question from the line of 
Prateek Giri from Subh Labh Research. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Giri: 
Hi, good morning, sir. I hope I'm audible. So, most of the questions are answered. I have just 
one clarificatory point. Sir, I just wanted to check in our reported revenue of probably INR 316 
crores, if I have to arrive at the right number, I'll have to deduct INR 44 crores, right, the ECL 
reversal?  
Aashish Ghai: 
Sorry, quarter or the year? 
Prateek Giri: 
No, no, I'm talking about quarter, Q4'26. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Okay, INR 316 crores, yes. 
Prateek Giri: 
So out of that INR 316 crores, sir, I'll have to deduct INR 44 crores, which is probably the ECL 
reversal, right?  
Aashish Ghai: 
Yes, around INR 41 crores with other benefits, but yes, in that range. 
Prateek Giri: 
Got it, ballpark, understood. Sir, I was just wondering for how long it may continue further 
because probably for the last two, three quarters we have been commenting about it, but I was 
just wondering can FY’27 also will see these kinds of interruptions from previous ECL? 
Aashish Ghai: 
So, no. You know, I kind of clarified this in my opening remark again, Mr. Giri, that with the 
last tranche in March with the amount that we have collected, we have fully honoured and 
executed our settlement agreement with BHEL. 
And both the parties have duly discharged each other of all the other all the obligations under 
the settlement agreement and the agreement stand closed as on date. So, to your to your question, 
you know, BHEL agreement impact on ECL is done as of 31st March 2026. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood. Sir, I'm sorry I missed it probably in the opening remarks, but this is helpful. Thank 
you and congratulations again for the kind of performance you guys have delivered. Thank you. 
Aashish Ghai: 
Thank you. 

 
 
GE Power India Limited 
12 May 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abhay Jain from Zeiya. Please go 
ahead. Abhay, please proceed with your question.  
As there is no response, ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question. I now hand the 
conference back to Mr. Puneet Bhatla for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Puneet Bhatla: 
Thanks everybody for sparing the time and being available on this earnings call. And as Aashish 
and myself said, thank you for your support to us and thank you for the sort of a conviction 
which you have shown in us. Company has come back onto the track.  
I would like to close it with saying  that we will continue to focus on the strengthening of our 
core services franchise, improving the margins, and maintaining the financial discipline. 
Looking ahead, our priority remains a clear driving of disciplined execution, accelerating cash 
conversion, and sustaining the profitability. With this, I thank you all once again. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Members of the Management. On behalf of GE Power India Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
