Ref: ASCL/SEC/2026-27 /21 
June 04, 2026 
1. To, 
2. To, 
The General Manager 
The General Manager (Listing) 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P. J . Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Plot No. C/ 1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532853 
NSE Trading Symbol: ASAHISONG 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON JUNE 01, 2026 
WITH 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ANALYST 
ON 
THE 
FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE OF Q4FY26 
REF: REGULATION 30 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of 
Conference Call held on Monday, June 01, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (1ST) with 
investors and analyst on the financial performance of Q4FY26. 
The said transcript will also be made available at the website of the Company 
at www.asahisongwon.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
JOSEPH SAJI VARGHESE 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Asahi Songwon Colors Ltd. 
CIN: L24222GJ1990PLC014789 
Regd. Office: "Asahi House", 20, Times Corporate Park, Thaltej - Shilaj Road, 
Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380 059, Gujarat, India. 
Tele : 91-79 48239999, 29617815 • Fax: 91-79 6832 5099 • Web Site: www.asahisongwon.com ~~ 
IS014001:2015 
OMS 004 
Registered 
A MEMBER 
IMS.QE/JAS-C0061/0403 
OF IAF KLA 
JOSEPH SAJI 
VARGHESE
Digitally signed by JOSEPH SAJI VARGHESE 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, pseudonym=867taz9phkgfvnbdysj41qol3iec0r2m, 
2.5.4.20=dfbc784d54b0c2ea9a2cbffd0a213c43fbd0bfe7813069aef647f11
e08b31a38, postalCode=382421, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f662e94fe05f3094d34a3ba45cc32644eb51dd9912af9095fc
526d2d0bbca361, cn=JOSEPH SAJI VARGHESE 
Date: 2026.06.04 16:38:06 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 35 
 
 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GOKUL M. JAYKRISHNA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARJUN G. JAYKRISHNA  
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR  
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. MITESH PATEL 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJI JOSEPH 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 35 
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Asahi Songwon Colors 
Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on 
your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra from TIL Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome everyone and thank you 
for joining this Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Asahi 
Songwon Colors Limited. 
The Results and Investor Updates have already been emailed to you 
and are also available in the Stock Exchange. 
To take us through the results, we have with us from the Management 
Team Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna – Managing Director, Mr. Arjun 
Jaykrishna – Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. 
Mitesh Patel – Executive Director and Mr. Saji Joseph – Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
We will be starting the call with a “Brief Overview” of the quarter from 
Arjun which will be followed by the Q&A session. 
 
 

 
Page 3 of 35 
Before we proceed ahead, I would like to remind you all that anything 
said in this call reflecting any outlook for the future which can be 
construed as a forward-looking statement must be viewed in 
conjunction with the risks and uncertainty that the company faces. 
These risks and uncertainties have been entailed in our annual 
reports. 
With that said, I will now hand over the call to Arjun. Over to you. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. A very 
warm welcome to the Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited. 
I would first like to thank each and every one of you for joining us 
today. 
I will start the call with running through the financials followed by my 
remarks and then open the floor to any questions that you might have. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Arjun, I just need to make a quick one minutes opening remark before 
Arjun starts. 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Sure. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. This is Gokul Jaykrishna – the 
Managing Director of Asahi. It is a pleasure to have all of you on the 
call today. 
Before I hand it over and we get into the routine, Arjun takes you 
through the quarter and the coming quarter and the business review, 
I would just like to make a quick comment. As of the last Board 
meeting, I stepped down as the CEO of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited, 
and it's been an amazing journey of eight years as a CEO and 17 years 
as Managing Director. 
I continue to hold the position of Managing Director and will continue 
to actively manage the business strategically and take it forward in 
terms of growth and future potential. However, the regular day-to-day 
CEO functioning of the company will now be looked after by my son, 
Arjun Jayakrishna. He has been with the company now seven years 
and as executive director for about four to five years. 

 
Page 4 of 35 
I am very happy. Today is a very proud and meaningful day for me as 
I hand over the role of the CEO to Arjun. He, along with the new team 
and Mitesh Patel, the whole team is ready to lead the company into a 
brighter, stronger and more growth-oriented future. 
It has been a remarkable journey. I think we have had a very decent 
quarter this quarter. Through the war, our team has executed the 
business remarkably well, managing the challenges and we stand at a 
position where the group can now grow forward going into the future. 
Over to you, Arjun. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Thank you. 
To get into the financials: 
On a consolidated basis, revenue from operations for Q4 FY26 stood at 
Rs. 144 crores. This represents an increase of 19.4% over Q3 FY26. 
The EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 23 crores, up 122% 
sequentially and 30.2% on a year-on-year basis. The EBITDA margin 
as well expanded to 15.6% in Q4 FY26 compared to 8.58% in Q3 FY26 
and 11.53% in Q4 FY25, once again representing an expansion of 407 
basis points year-on-year and 702 basis points sequentially. 
Profit before tax, excluding exceptional items, was Rs. 15 crores for the 
quarter, an increase of 64.2% over Q4 FY25 and 467.29% over Q3 
FY26. Profit after tax for the quarter was Rs. 10.82 crores compared to 
Rs. 6.87 crores in Q4 FY25 and Rs. 2.26 crores in Q3 FY26, once again 
a year-on-year increase of 57.46%. The interest costs declined to Rs. 
3.30 crores in Q4, down 14.15% year-on-year, reflecting our ongoing 
debt reduction. The depreciation was Rs. 4.65 crores broadly stable. 
Now getting into the full year figures: 
For the full year FY26, consolidated revenue from operations was Rs. 
535.48 crores against Rs. 562.36 crores in FY25, a decline of 4.78%. 
But the full year EBITDA, including other income, stood at Rs. 56.53 
crores as opposed to Rs. 60.21 crores in FY25, again a slight decline of 
6.12%. The EBITDA margin for the year was Rs. 10.43% compared to 
Rs. 10.63% in FY25, a small compression of 21 basis points. 

 
Page 5 of 35 
Profit before tax for the full year was INR 25.56 crores against INR 
24.98 crores in FY25, a marginal increase of 2.35%. Profit after tax was 
Rs. 17.78 crores, up 5.48% over FY25. 
Now turning to operations: 
Q4 FY26 was a strong quarter for our business. 
Talking specifically for our Blue Pigment business, both revenues and 
profitability improved relative to the preceding quarter. The volume 
growth was modest, and a meaningful portion of the improvement was 
driven by stronger realization, supported by elevated raw material 
prices aimed at ongoing geopolitical volatility. 
The operating environment continues to present challenges, with raw 
material prices remaining elevated and global supply chains having 
seen a lot of disruption. 
The company has been working on a range of internal operational 
efficiencies as we have discussed previously that are expected to 
continue to contribute to a more durable improvement in the margin 
profile in the periods ahead. This coupled with the strategy the 
company used to mitigate the geopolitical uncertainty in these times 
has supported profitability during the quarter. The business remains 
positioned to accelerate volume growth as the broader demand 
environment recovers hopefully in the coming quarters and year ahead. 
The strategy and implementation we have been working on is going to 
strongly position us in the Blue business to continue to perform at a 
good level in the coming quarters and year as well. 
Talking now about the AZO Pigment business: 
The company has continued to grow steadily in volumetric terms 
despite the challenging operating environment. Encouragingly, the 
AZO segment achieved EBITDA positivity for the full financial year as 
2020. The business has also reached cash break even during the year. 
This is an important step in the financial progression of this segment. 
 

 
Page 6 of 35 
Through continued focus on revenue growth and increased focus on 
operational efficiencies, the AZO business is expected to begin 
contributing meaningfully to consolidated profitability in the coming 
years. 
The API business has delivered consistent volumetric growth 
continuously of 3 years. The steep decline in realizations since 
acquisition has, however, limited the reflection of this growth in 
reported revenues and financial performance. Encouragingly, the 3-
year price erosion cycle in the API business has reversed this quarter 
and hence in Q4 FY26 an improvement in selling prices was observed 
which contributed to a better quarter. 
The company's backward integration investments here provided 
operational stability and supported margins through this period. 
On the regulatory front, as I have briefed before, progress is being made 
towards achieving our CEP Certification and we are confident that by 
the end of the current financial year we would be able to get this 
certification which will be a milestone that will support volume growth 
and access to more profitable export segments. The API segment also 
achieved EBITDA positivity for the full year FY26. 
To summarize: 
Q4 FY26 was the company's strongest year of the financial year, and 
the full year results demonstrate resilience in a difficult operating 
environment. EBITDA positivity in both the AZO and API segments, 
continued deleveraging of the balance sheet and maintenance of PAT 
growth are the principal outcomes of the year. 
The path ahead requires navigating a still uncertain global 
environment with geopolitical volatility, elevated raw material costs, 
and competitive pressures remaining alive. But the structural 
investments made over the past several years are expected to underpin 
the next phase of growth as conditions continue to normalize. 
With that, I will now open the floor for questions. We welcome your 
questions on any aspect of the business and the financial performance. 
Thank you. 

 
Page 7 of 35 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions are 
assembled. The first question comes from the line of Rishabh from 
Earth Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rishabh: 
Good morning, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is that 
on a Y-o-Y basis, while our revenues have declined, our margins have 
shot up, implying that the entire profit improvement came from 
margins rather than volume. Can you please confirm what proportion 
of EBITDA improvement was driven by price pass-through of elevated 
raw material costs? And if raw material price is correct, does the 
margin improvement reverse with it? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Thank you for your question. Exactly as you pointed out, I think for 
now the strategy we have taken is to be able to pass as much of our 
raw material price increase as possible. And I think that was also 
possible due to our long-term relationships both with suppliers as well 
as customers. 
And because of that, we saw the bottom line showing a better 
performance. As for the top line, I think as we discussed in the 
commentary, the global uncertainty as well as the tough business 
climate continue to put pressure on that. So, we try to maintain that 
without erosion in our bottom line. And I feel we have done a decent 
job at that. For the coming quarters and performance, I think we 
continue to navigate a very volatile environment globally but we are 
confident that we will be able to continue to perform at a strong level, 
especially in our Blue business. And we will be able to use the similar 
strategy that we have added with the continuous improvement of the 
operational efficiencies. Hopefully, over the year, create a sustained 
good EBITDA performance. 
Rishabh: 
Okay. You have mentioned about the internal operational efficiency 
programs that will strengthen the margin profile. Can you be a bit more 
specific about what these initiatives are, the quantum of the expected 
benefit in the timeline over which they will be reflected in the reported 
margins? 
 

 
Page 8 of 35 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, I think large impact we have made in our Blue business, here 
it's not just one project, it's several things that are going on, which have 
already started having an effect as well. So, I think as I have discussed 
in previous calls as well, this is a process that we have been doing for 
a while now. Even when we talk about this quarter, I think it is partly 
due to the operational efficiencies which will be certainly continuing in 
the coming quarters as well, and partly due to our strategy to navigate 
the geopolitical issues. So, it is difficult to quantify the differences, and 
I would not be able to comment on the exact projects that are being 
done. But to answer your question relating to the first one as well, we 
are confident that we will be able to continue a strong EBITDA-centered 
performance in this year as well. 
Rishabh: 
Alright. My next question is on the API business. Now that the Chattral 
site has commenced commercial production of API intermediates, what 
is the current revenue and utilization level at Chattral, and how does 
backward integration into intermediates translate into a quantifiable 
cost or margin benefit at the API segment level, can you please quantify 
it? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, for Chattral, I think, as I mentioned, we have, over the last 10 years, 
had a strong performance following our volumes. However, it has not 
been showing an effect in the numbers because of a very strong 
competitive market environment and very slightly weak demand 
profile. Still, we have not seen the numbers reflect the growth in volume 
we have observed. This growth in volume, a lot of it can be attributed 
to Chattral, I think, two reasons. One, giving us that additional 
capacity, and two, the backward integration, which is very key in such 
a tough business market to even keep us at a position where we can 
afford in a market which is ready to grow our volumes. At Chattral 
plant, well, we are going at a utilization level around 70%, which is 
good for the intermediate level. However, on the API front, the finished 
good utilization once again remains very low. It would be somewhere 
around 30%, and that is where we look to improve our fixed asset 
turnover for the API business, and that is why we believe that there is 
a lot of scope there. As soon as we are able to execute that strategy, 
improve the fixed asset turnover, and increase utilization at plant, we 
should be looking at more consistent, better numbers for the API 
business. 

 
Page 9 of 35 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I would just like to add to this. So, Mitesh can correct me on the factual 
numbers if I am wrong, but I think we have achieved in the Atlas API, 
the general pharmaceutical business, a volume growth of about 18% 
CAGR over the last three years. This hasn't reflected in improved 
business or hasn't reflected in the top line due to the decline as Arjun 
said correctly, the market was extremely competitive, and the prices of 
the APIs have been continuously dropping over the 36 months, and so 
the revenues haven't reflected this growth. However, this trend seems 
to have been arrested, and this quarter, we have seen improvement 
finally in the realization, which is starting to now show better results 
for the quarter as well. I would hazard a guess that generally, 
structurally, the API business, cyclically rather than structurally, 
cyclically, it seems to have bottomed out, and over the next year to two 
years, we should see bottoming out and a gradual improvement in the 
pricing. 
With this, there should be better opportunities. Also, the question was 
very well asked about the utilization levels. Arjun mentioned the 
Chattral utilization of the finished products is very low. This remains 
the challenge and actually the opportunity, and over the next year, that 
remains a strategic area which we could improve upon. If we improve 
there, there could be significant improvement in the overall value of the 
business. Mitesh, can you correct me on the growth numbers if I have 
made any mistakes? 
Mitesh Patel: 
Sir, it is exactly correct. 88% CAGR we achieved in the last six years. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Okay, thank you. 
Rishabh: 
So, about the Pregabalin, Pregabalin is the company's leading API 
molecule. Given the price erosion of recent years and the recovery now 
being in the presentation, what is the current Pregabalin price and 
what was the price at the time of the Atlas acquisition? How much have 
the prices reversed from the bottom and what proportion of API 
segment revenue is currently contributed by the Pregabalin versus 
other molecules? 
 
 

 
Page 10 of 35 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Pregabalin continues to be a very dominant molecule for us and after 
Chhatral, the growth that we have mentioned, the 18% CAGR is largely 
volume-wise driven again by Pregabalin. So, that along with a few 
smaller molecules, we have increased business and succeeded. But in 
terms of financial growth and the large volume growth of Pregabalin, it 
continues to remain a very strong, somewhere around 60%-70% of our 
business would be for Pregabalin. In terms of pricing, I think it's 
difficult to exactly quantify because we have different grades of 
Pregabalin that are taken by different level of customers and it depends 
on a business basis at which time, which order we have more of and 
these are the different pharmaceutical grades that we make of 
Pregabalin. For example, like we make a few grades, the CEP grade 
would be a new grade that will be launched which will have a higher 
margin profile, higher cost as opposed to the current IP, USP grade that 
we do make. So, I think in terms of exact quantification, it would be a 
little difficult to judge the exact price in the market. But for us, Mitesh 
Bhai, what would be the rough, if we can just guide a percentage 
decrease in price that we have observed over the last three years? 
Mitesh Patel: 
So, since acquisition, price has dropped by around 40%-45%. 
Rishabh: 
And how much has it revised as of now? 
Mitesh Patel: 
So, currently from bottom, it has been increased by around 15%. 
Rishabh: 
Alright. Okay, so next question is on AZO capacity. Right now, it's at 
2400 tons per annum. You had indicated in the past that once 
utilization is 85%, capacity expansion would be triggered. Given the 
progress in utilization, what is the CAPEX plan for AZO expansion? 
And if we go ahead with it, what should be the CAPEX required and 
how will it be financed? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, for the AZO business, as you highlighted correctly, we still continue 
to have the thought that we will be triggering that expansion. What we 
have currently done there is, because of the tough market 
environment, we did not want to incur the CAPEX. So, we have done 
small projects and efficiencies that have helped us bump up the 
capacity a little bit. 
 

 
Page 11 of 35 
But for a meaningful expansion and addition of a line, we would need 
a CAPEX, which would be much smaller to obviously initial investment 
because the civil structure and a lot of the investment has already been 
done. And that is why I think we have seen the ROC, ROE of the 
investments not yet yielding the results we would like. However, for 
this one, we would be expecting an expansion of much better ROC, 
ROE for the investment because we will be investing somewhere 
around, I think, Rs. 10 crores to Rs. 15 crores. And this would help us 
boost the capacity by almost, it would go to 1.5x. So, the investment 
as opposed to what we get in return would be substantially better 
because of the earlier investment and strategy we have made to make 
the civil structure and several other parts of the factory already ready 
for this expansion. 
Rishabh: 
All right. Last two questions from my end. One on the capital allocation 
front. Full year, PAT was at Rs. 17.78 crores on the revenue of Rs. 
535.48 crores, implying a net margin of hardly 3.3%. For a company 
that has invested significantly in the new capacities across AZO and 
API over the past several years, is this level of profitability that was 
anticipated at the time of those investments? What does the 
Management consider to be a normalized PAT margin at a steady state? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, I can take this question. Clearly, we have three. Let's break the 
business up into the two segments, Pigments and API, the Pigments 
being Blue and the AZO’s. 
So, first on the AZO’s, the ATC business, and then same answer applies 
to the Atlas business of APIs as well. So, on ATC and Atlas, both when 
we made the investment, the expected profit margins were definitely 
not what you are seeing right now. Both the businesses are in early 
stages. In business cycle terms, it's been about three to four years that 
we have been doing these businesses in real terms. So, while we are 
improving marginally continuously, we are far from where we need to 
be. And the profit margins as well are far from where they should be. 
For both answering on EBITDAs for both the ATC as well as Atlas 
business, we would guide that Management would like to target 
EBITDA margin of about 13% of the AZO business. And eventually, if 
we get the API business right, 15% to 16% in the API business going 
forward. That you will see is a significant improvement from where we 
are right now. 

 
Page 12 of 35 
We are far from that. And we need to make serious strategic decisions 
as well as good business operational moves to reach this. However, we 
remain confident that the margins will eventually be achieved. 
Rishabh: 
All right, sir. So, my last question is for Arjun. Over the course of next 
few years with Arjun now stepping in as the CEO, can we expect more 
addition in terms of growth? Is there a new vision and aggression that 
is expected? And what are the plans to scale the business to say Rs. 
1000 crores over the next few years? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, thanks for that question. I think to answer your question, I 
think what the company has guided over the last few years, we finished 
a large CAPEX cycle a few years back. And over the last few years, it's 
been about consolidating and trying to utilize the investments we have 
made. So, I think that while, as you have described, we have not 
performed as required for our two subsidiaries, but as a group and 
financially, I think we have been able to execute a lot of strategic moves 
like our debt reduction plan and overall financial health of the group 
because of a relatively strong two years for our Blue business. We have 
been able to execute those plans and get that to a level where we would 
like right now. 
Going forward, I think it will be key for the company to continue, as 
you mentioned, to increase our growth. We have a very young team and 
we have got a lot of freedom from our Managing Director to be able to 
position ourselves the way we want in terms of the growth plan over 
the next few years. And we will certainly be wanting to grow fast and 
grow strong. 
However, our first prerogative is to make sure that we are able to 
continue strong revenues for the next several years. And that's how we 
plan the business out. And then the focus will be on bottom line 
addition as well through everything that I mentioned, internal 
efficiencies as well as increasing the fixed asset turnover for both the 
subsidiaries. 
And then reducing debt profile and strong financial performance of the 
overall group. We will certainly be looking to grow, and we certainly 
have the goal of reaching Rs. 1000 crore as a company within the next 
few years. 

 
Page 13 of 35 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I will just quickly add two lines to this on a macro level. Since COVID, 
the whole period of last three to four years has been extremely 
challenging now with the disruptions of the US-Iran war and oil 
disruptions and raw material disruptions. Generally, cyclically, we 
have seen one of the longest slow-demand environment the chemical 
industry has generally seen. 
This seems to be in the process of bottoming out. When it exactly 
bottoms out is anybody's guess, but already it is showing signs since 
the last few months. Secondly, we as a group and as a company are 
very decently positioned because we have over the last four years 
completed our entire CAPEX cycle where our debt also rose to a total 
peak debt of Rs. 220 crores. 
And EBITDA was low because of the really bad business environment 
and lower utilizations and the CAPEXs that we had incurred. This 
seems to have turned and our basic EBITDA has been as a Group level 
going up and will probably likely continue. And the debt is dropping 
faster than we had even internally estimated. Cash flows have been 
strong through all the verticals, all the four units. So, I think it 
positions the company in a very good way over the next three years to 
strategize growth. 
Rishabh: 
So, thank you for answering all of my questions. That will be all from 
my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mr. Arjun Jayakrishna, your voice is breaking. Let me just 
reconnect your line. Ladies and gentlemen, please stay connected while 
the line of Arjun Jayakrishna is reconnected. Ladies and gentlemen, 
the line of Arjun Jayakrishna is reconnected. Please go ahead. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Advanil Desai with Turtle 
Capital. Please go ahead. Hi. 
Advanil Desai: 
Good morning, everyone. And congratulations for a very strong set of 
numbers. So, I think a lot of color has been given. A few very specific 
questions. So, on the Blue business, our gross margin has increased 
significantly from QoQ 29%-odd to 34%. And we talked about pricing, 
both on the on the Pigment side as well as on the RM side. So, first of 
all, are there any inventory gains involved in this? And going forward, 
how should we look at the gross margin in the Blue business earlier 

 
Page 14 of 35 
and our steady state, we were doing around 35%odd Then at some 
point, we also hit 37%, 38%. So, how do we claw-back to those kind of 
numbers that is on the margin side of the Blue business? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, thanks for the question and thank you for your kind words on 
the result as well. So, as you mentioned rightly, I think, as briefly 
described, I think it is a mixture of several factors of internal strategy, 
a little bit of the inventory addition as well as your operational 
efficiencies all put together that have driven the strong numbers. What 
we are doing and what we will do to continue this, and as you 
mentioned, we have got higher numbers in the past as well. So, how to 
make it a steady state? As I mentioned in my last answer, I think one 
of the key goals that we have going forward is to try and make a more 
steady strong performance over the next year and several years ahead 
for the Blue business. And there are several things going on ranging 
from operational efficiencies as well as projects with customers where 
we hope to continue to strengthen our gross margins to levels we have 
seen before and maintain them. And we are confident that, of course, 
it is varying a little bit due to several factors out of our control, but we 
will make sure that we do everything in our capacity internally as well 
as in terms of strong relationships that we continue to have with 
suppliers and customers to maintain those numbers. And we hope that 
we can have a steady performance at these higher numbers in the 
coming year. 
Advanil Desai: 
And I think, sir, there was some kind of a demand slowdown because 
of the US tariffs and the lower of that across geographies. Are you 
seeing any revival in terms of demand on the US side? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Again, great question. I think, as you pointed out rightly, I think what 
we had observed because of the US tariffs was not only a slowdown in 
US, as you said, it was a global effect because even countries where we 
would be supplying our product which would do a value-add and send 
it to the US, those were also subject to tariff because the make was 
India. So, we had seen a ripple effect of that for not only our US 
business, which was obviously affected, but other country exports as 
well. We have seen a revival in that. So, our US business, once the tariff 
has been reduced again, it has again started to improve. I think 
coupled with the global uncertainty, I think the demand profile has not 
nearly gotten back to where we would expect it and where it used to 

 
Page 15 of 35 
be. But we have certainly seen a revival from the higher tariff days. And 
we are hopeful that as the overall demand environment increases and 
improves, we will be well-positioned to get our American and business-
to-America back to our routine levels, which we have already seen 
starting to happen. 
Advanil Desai: 
Second question on the AZO business, I think one of the levers that we 
were actually working on, on the AZO side, was on the export market, 
attracting some of the larger customers in Europe and US. So, any 
updates on that? I remember that approvals had slowed down because 
of the US tariff and the US market. But how are we positioned on the 
export market for AZO? And is there a meaningful scale-up possible in 
the export market for the AZO business? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, absolutely. I think the export market continues to remain 
something we are focused on getting for ATC because that will help us 
drive the bottom line to be stronger. As you rightly said, the US 
business obviously was affected a lot for our AZO, even more in the 
Blue, because that is a place where China generally in the AZO is very 
dependent. So, while we had seen a complete stoppage from customers 
in inclination to move out, we have reapproached them. I made a visit 
to the US as well, where I got the opportunity to meet several of our 
prospective customers. And this was just two weeks back. And we have 
had positive discussions. And because of the tariff going down once 
again, I have been able to open up some discussions. And we are 
hopeful that we will be able to restart them and have some meaningful 
growth over the next few quarters in the testing process. 
Obviously, it will once again take time for us to execute this because of 
the stoppage because of the tariffs. But the good part is that we are 
again in those discussions and the customers are inclined and wanting 
to test and wanting to include us in their supplier pool. Because once 
again, of the geopolitical uncertainty and tariffs that have hit us, it 
could hit other countries where they import from as well. So, they are 
keen. And hopefully, we will be able to execute over the next year some 
of this business. This is for the US. 
 
 

 
Page 16 of 35 
For Europe as well, I think generally Europe has had a structural 
slowdown in demand. But there we continue to work on different 
avenues. And there are opportunities we are following up on where we 
hope once again that we will be able to execute and get some business 
flowing in the coming year as well. 
And at the same time, for the AZOs, India continues to remain a focus 
for us. I think it has been a market where we have achieved volume-
wise good growth for a new company and a new entrant into AZOs and 
create a name for us for several of the products that we make in the 
AZOs. And we hope to continue that and push the India volume while 
we get the export business started and in line. 
And this has been seen in the numbers as well. As described, we have 
been slow because of the market environment. But we have steadily 
shown increased performance over the past several quarter. And this 
has been largely due to our efforts outside but also strongly in India. 
And we will continue to use that as India remains a very strong demand 
market. There are ups and downs obviously, but overall, the demand 
in India continues to remain strong and we hope to leverage that along 
with export as well. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
A quick addition to this comment. Basically, again, if we look at a 3-5 
year macro future of the company, strategically we will continue to 
believe that the markets you refer to, US and Europe, and the MNC 
customers that we have generally great relationships with and who are 
the largest customers of the AZOs as well globally, will be our key 
targets going forward. The key challenge is going to be China. The last 
two years have been more difficult because once Trump came to power 
and the tariff wars with China, China kind of eased off and the internal 
Chinese environment management things eased off and the 
competition was stronger than expected. However, directionally we 
continue to believe over the next 3-5 years there could be any time a 
big opportunity where China and US have a major disruption in 
relations and this could present an opportunity for India in the AZO 
business to suddenly leapfrog and grow. We have to be patient and wait 
for this opportunity. 
 

 
Page 17 of 35 
Having said that, even structurally China will continue as it tries to 
fight the US in global leadership and dominance, get difficult for AZO 
manufacturers to consistently manufacture in China over the next 5 
years. So, the opportunity is there, we have to be patient. 
Advanil Desai: 
Last question on the API side. If you can talk about the product 
diversification, I think we had 3 products, how is the new product slate 
coming up? What are we doing on the R&D side to kind of Pregabalin 
side? And on the Pregabalin, as we talked about, 15% increase from 
the bottom in terms of pricing. Largely across the chemical, the prices 
have increased because of the RM inflation. Do we see this sustainable 
or if the war comes to an end and the pricing on the RM side 
normalizes, do we see it going back to earlier levels and hence going 
back to that 6%-7-8% level of EBITDA margin? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, for the API, I think to answer your first question, I think the new 
products, we continue to work on the R&D side to explore different 
options, different projects and see what is best suited for the company. 
I think we have been able to execute a few products that we have 
successfully developed in the R&D, taken in the plant and now 
commercialized as well, like Etoricoxib, for example. Apart from that, I 
think, as you mentioned and as I said as well, Pregabalin is our 
dominant product and continues to drive our volumes and we are 
happy about this. This is a product where we see there is a good future, 
where we are positioned very well with good relationships with 
customers that we already cater to and a strong future outlook with 
the possible CEP approval hopefully by the end of the year as well. So, 
we are happy with the growth of Pregabalin and with our backward 
integration, the sustainability of that growth for Pregabalin, but there 
are other products as well which were already part of our profile like 
Amisulpride and others where we have also seen meaningful growth in 
the current volumes and we are strategically seeing what we can do 
with the market further and be able to have them as meaningful 
contributors financially with large enough volumes as well. 
So, I think there in terms of new products and in terms of current 
products barring Pregabalin, we are working on them, and we are 
looking to grow those volumes as well. And in terms of that, I think we 
are confident that it takes time but we are working towards that and 
we will hopefully be able to leverage and use growth of Pregabalin as 

 
Page 18 of 35 
well as the others to get better efficiencies and fill up our plant in the 
Chattral side which will help drive margins and help the overall 
financial performance of Atlas. 
Advanil Desai: 
And on the pricing side? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I will quickly answer the second half of your question. So, normally 
what happens when the raw material prices bottomed-out, the cyclical 
trend of the sudden rise in prices due to the RM prices going up may 
have contributed to some improved margins. Even if raw material 
prices were to drop, the basic cyclical trend of demand does seem to 
have bottomed out. 
So, long and short of that answer is that we should hope that these 
margins remain kind of sustainable and we internally are also able to 
do enough on operations as well as, say for example, on the API thing, 
something strategically, something where we can get new products or 
new customers through a good strategic move to unlock the utilization 
levels of the new plant. So, yes, the target would be that the EBITDA 
margins would not drop back to the original numbers that you referred. 
Advanil Desai: 
Okay. Thank you. I wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain with 
Credence Health. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, congratulations on a very good set of 
numbers. And Gokul Bhai, we have had a wonderful journey with you 
being at the helm and of course you will be always there. So, all the 
best to you. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Thank you very much. 
Rahul Jain: 
And best wishes to Arjun to take this to the next level going ahead 
under your guidance always. My questions are after almost three, four 
quarters, we have seen the first turnaround in the Pigment business. 
And also, with regards to API, what we have seen is we have registered 
the highest quarterly revenue till date. So, individually, each business 
you have spoken a lot about in terms of the demand scenario and the 
geopolitical situation. So, my first question is going ahead in the near 
term, say next three, four quarters, do we feel this momentum in terms 

 
Page 19 of 35 
of revenue can continue for Pigments? Maybe it continues for Blue and 
also you can see some improvement on AZO. 
And also on the API side, we have always done good volume growth, 
but the pricing was an issue to us. So, again, next three, four quarters, 
how do we look at the API revenue growth considering the six products 
which are there in our kitty and also for the six products which we are 
working upon? So, that was my first question with regards to both sales 
growth in the Pigment segment broken up into Phthalo and AZO and 
also API segment in next three, four quarters. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, you are referring to the next three, four quarters in terms of what 
we see the growth potential is that your question? 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, in the Pigment section, the APC business of AZO, the utilization 
levels are currently hovering around 65% and there is opportunity to 
take this utilization levels forward to about 75% to 85% before we are 
required to push a small CAPEX to increase capacity. We see both of 
these events happening in the coming three to four quarters where we 
are able to reach to 75% to 85% range. As soon as we hit that range, 
we would like to do a little expansion with a small CAPEX of about Rs. 
10 crores to Rs. 15 crores which would probably be financed through 
internal accruals and increase our capacity. As Arjun had earlier 
referred, the CAPEX will only be related to plant and machinery 
because the general civil and the land building and the infrastructure 
is in place. So, we should see some momentum in terms of growth. 
However, the word of caution there is this is a slow development as I 
referred to the earlier answer as well that basically the environment for 
the AZO’s particularly with the Chinese competition is strong. So, we 
have to be a little patient to be able to customers in the export markets 
that we desire to get. Atlas, the API side, also we have to work on the 
strategic way to acquire new customers and markets and also get some 
new products. This is a long-drawn process. We are looking internally. 
I can't comment too much but basically, we are looking at some 
strategic moves there that could unlock potential over the next two 
years to improve our finished product utilization in Chhatral. We have 
a top-class facility in Chattral for finished APIs and this should hold us 
in good stead going forward. 

 
Page 20 of 35 
Rahul Jain: 
With regards to the margins, is there any element of inventory gain in 
the margins which you have reported for Quarter 4? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
I think it got cut. So, I missed the last question but I just heard the 
current question. So, I think as I said, I mean, I think it is for the 
quarter, it is a mix of several things, all three things that have played 
their part. The consistent effort over the last several quarters of the 
improved efficiencies has obviously had an effect and that will be 
sustainable. Then the strategy to mitigate the geopolitical issues which 
are ranging from the supply chain, getting raw material to dealing with 
customers to logistics, all of that obviously has been a challenge for 
everyone and I believe we have done a good job there which is why we 
have seen a good performance and partly inventory but that is not like 
a substantial factor or anything like that. It is a mix of all of this that 
has gotten the result this quarter and as we have guided for the Blue, 
we are confident that over the next, we will again be able to sustainably 
put up a good performance even despite geopolitical or other things 
because of internal efficiencies and other things we are doing internally 
to try and make earnings more sustainable there. 
Rahul Jain: 
We are seeing the Quarter 4 EBIT margins in each of this Pigment 
segment and API segment. Are they sustainable in the coming 
quarters? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, it is difficult to exactly pinpoint, so I will go business wise. So, I 
think as we mentioned both the subsidiaries, they have become 
EBITDA positive now, cash positive as well. For the API business, we 
believe that the price reversal hopefully this continues to remain 
sustainable and then in terms of business volume, I think we are 
confident in the API to sustain the growth we have seen over the past 
3 years and with a good price rebound and consistent price rebound, 
we believe that it is sustainable. 
For the AZO, I think it is slow and steady progress which we will 
continue to make and hopefully keep making slow inroads to a better 
performance which we have done quarter-on-quarter now for more 
than the last 4 quarters. So, that should sustainably continue there as 
well. And for the Blue, obviously there are several things and one thing 
which I mentioned as well, we are wanting to focus on for not one 
quarter but for the next several years is to make earnings sustainable, 

 
Page 21 of 35 
both revenue and bottom line and we are planning strategy to ensure 
that it is sustainable over the long term. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Quickly adding to this, so basically, if we look forward to the next 
quarter, on the EBITDA, all three segments should be able to maintain 
quite easily even under the current circumstances of disruption 
globally, the margins that we have seen in Q4. So, Q1 should be able 
to easily maintain those in terms of our performance. We should try 
and actually better that. Then going forward from there on, of course, 
that would be some of the things that we are doing internally helps us 
make it sustainable for a longer period of time. However, you can 
imagine that it is very difficult in this business to predict far into the 
future very minutely on EBITDA, but the structural trend seems to be 
of one of improvement. 
Rahul Jain: 
One last larger question in terms of industry. Earlier there was this 
talk about China removing rebate on certain chemicals/agrochemicals 
and also in some of the con-calls for this quarter which we have heard, 
some of the management have indicated, yes, there has been a price 
increase by China and certain products where China has resisted to 
increase prices, say, till now, but in last two, three weeks, Chinese 
people have also started increasing prices and it looks like this increase 
in the prices will be sustainable. Your thoughts will be quite helpful, 
sir. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, generally, we are seeing this trend. Mitesh, can you take this 
question, please? On the internal tariffs or the benefits that the 
Chinese government has removed from some of the manufacturers and 
the sustainability of the increase in price. 
Mitesh Patel: 
Sir, I have not heard the question properly. Can you please repeat? 
Rahul Jain: 
So, Mitesh bhai, I was saying what we have heard in some of the con-
calls of agrochemicals, chemicals/API companies, that there was 
Chinese companies had not increased prices initially, even after the 
war began, but in last two, three weeks, there is a change in that 
behavior and the Chinese companies have started increasing prices 
across many products and their view is this increase is something 
which will continue to sustain. So, I just wanted to understand 
thoughts of you people on the same. 

 
Page 22 of 35 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, the question, Mitesh, is also directed to, in relation to what the 
government in China has removed in terms of some of the subsidy that 
they were giving. And is this also partially the cause for the increase in 
prices recently and the sustainability? 
Mitesh Patel: 
So, basically, due to three reasons, China has increased their price. 
One, as mentioned by Gokul sir, that Chinese government reduced the 
export incentive and VAT rebate. Second part is due to the ocean 
freight. Because of geopolitical issue, ocean freight is almost double 
from the China. And third part is due to crude, basic raw material price 
has been increased. So, in general, Chinese has increased around 30% 
to 40% of their price because of all three reasons. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, this is looking like the benefits going and also the Chinese currency 
strengthening has been significant. So, that has become a bit of 
advantage. So, it should hopefully remain that way. And we should get 
a better opportunity to make inroads into these markets and 
competition. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the insights, Gokul bhai and wish you all the best. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Rudraksh Rohicha with 
iThought Financial Consulting. Please go ahead. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Yes, thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, you have talked about 
realizations improvement across all the segments, which has helped us 
in getting these results for Q4. Could you talk about the commentary 
like what has been the trend in the last two months across the 
segments? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, you mean the commentary on what we have observed over the last 
two months for all three businesses, is it, the realization? 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Yes, realization. Has that trend continued or the prices have stabilized? 
Is there further appreciation along that? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I will give you first a quick overall thing. No, the escalation of prices 
obviously initially was a lot more, but there is no stability or certainty 
in the prices or the business environment at the moment. I think the 
geopolitical issues that continue to remain uncertain, and the 

 
Page 23 of 35 
uncertainty globally has led to a continued volatile environment. As I 
mentioned earlier, Mitesh also briefly mentioned right now, I think it is 
ranging from absolute start, from the materials for any of the three 
businesses to operating energy as well as logistics, to be able to execute 
orders. So, I think everything is still quite uncertain and quite volatile, 
but this is one of the few things we have executed well as a company 
right from last quarter to the last few months as well. And we are 
confident of continuing this performance in Q1 where we are able to 
mitigate the global uncertainties the best we can to put our company 
in the best position to be able to have the best realizations considering 
the current global situation. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Understood, sir. Sir, on the Blue segment, what was the capacity 
utilization in the last quarter? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, we have discussed the capacity utilization for the other two. For the 
Blue, I think it is evolving. I think there is also different products, so it 
is difficult to exactly quantify the capacity utilization. I think in the 
Blue, generally, we operate at pretty high utilization levels as opposed 
to the two subsidiaries where, as I mentioned, fixed asset turnover is 
something that we need to improve on and it will be a conscious effort 
where we can see big gains. For the Blue, I think we are operating at 
high utilization level already, but there the internal efficiencies project 
internally will continue to incrementally give us that additional boost 
in capacity and because of the consistent long-term performance there, 
I feel that incremental boost will also help and that adds to the overall 
commentary that we have given in the Blue where we see a consistent 
steady better performance over the next few years irrespective of global 
climate and environment. So, we have been able to execute this 
performance in not only the geopolitical uncertainty, but also a 
generally slow demand climate and we are confident that we will 
continue good utilization levels in the coming year as well. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Understood. Sir, you have spoken about internal efficiencies. If I look 
at last quarter itself, the power and fuel cost for the Blue segment 
specifically has been exceptionally lower. It's not even 5%, which has 
never been the trend. Could you share more details and if this kind of 
cost savings is sustainable going forward? 

 
Page 24 of 35 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Just quickly, Arjun and Mitesh, I think there is one element of a one-
time thing that has impacted this number. So, with that in mind, you 
should answer this question. Good question. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Thank you. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. I think that's a very important question and as our Managing 
Director said, I think we have seen a one-time effect here which is 
something to do with our renewable projects. It is an amount that we 
rightfully received from the government and this is obviously not going 
to be sustainable to this level. However, what you mentioned, part of 
our internal efficiency is obviously a lot of our efforts do also surround 
power and fuel over and above the production and other things and the 
power and fuel savings which we have generally seen, not this quarter, 
but generally we have seen despite higher utilization, not an increase 
in the power and fuel, that is due to several different projects that we 
have executed in the past and we hope that we will continue to work 
on those projects and incrementally reduce with this particular 
number that you mentioned, that is because of a one-off thing. So, this 
will not be sustainable every quarter. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
However, we should be better off in terms of percentage of power and 
fuel going forward as compared to the past. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Sir, could you share this one-off cost benefit that we received in last 
quarter, the quantum of that? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, as I mentioned, it was basically to do with the billing charges that 
is incurred on renewable energy and we were able to get that which 
was pending to be gotten for two years at a one-shot payment after a 
discussion and being able to use the Renewable Laws correctly. So, I 
think the government was very clear about their laws and this was for 
a few companies in the area and they were kind enough to be able to 
give the rebate to everyone in our area. So, it is something that we have 
seen for this one quarter and as the MD mentioned, I think while the 
5% is only for this quarter, incrementally we will look to reduce and 
the average percentage for power and fuel I can say will continue to go 
down from our earlier levels. 

 
Page 25 of 35 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Got it, sir. Sir, on the AZO revenues side, how much was the revenues 
for the full year and what kind of PBT losses did we incur in the AZO 
segment for full year? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Nupur, are you on the call? 
Nupur: 
AZO revenue for full year, Rs. 78 crores and PBT Rs. (-2.42) crores. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Understood. And, sir, should we expect this to break even next year? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. We should definitely expect that and I think as I have guided as 
well for us in terms of performance, while we have been slow, it has 
been a steady positive performance and we are hopeful and confident 
that we will achieve that. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: I was asking that would we be able to break even next year on the PBT 
level? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. I thought I was speaking but maybe I was not able to get 
connected. So, yes, we are confident of this and as I mentioned earlier 
as well, we have been slow but we have been steady in our growth 
positively for the last four quarters and we continue that performance 
this year and we are confident that what plans we have in place, we 
will be able to execute what you mentioned. So, we will be able to do 
that. Understood, sir. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Sir, a few questions on the API segment. I think in a few of our previous 
calls, we have spoken about hiring a business development or 
marketing team. Any details that you could share on what's happening 
there? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I will take this question. So, as of right now, our general team at the 
API section is doing quite well. However, on a strategic level, we need 
to see a good bit of move and improvement here. There is some 
discussions that we are doing which over the next quarter or so, we 
will put into action because we have stability. What we require is 
dynamism and some serious knowledge about the API industry, 
customers and products. And, yes, we would be seeing some addition 
at a senior level which could help us take the company forward in a 
meaningful way to unlock the new API plant capacity at Chattral. 

 
Page 26 of 35 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Got it, sir. Got it. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
As of today, there has been no addition in any position at Atlas. There 
is likely to be. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Understood, sir. Sir, last question on API segment only. Last quarter 
has been exceptionally well for us. We generated around 30 crores in 
revenues and EBIT contribution at around 10%. Sir, if this pricing 
sustains, can we sustain this level of quarterly rate and profitability for 
next year? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes, I think you summed it up perfectly. I think, as we have guided, I 
think in terms of volume growth, we have done well and it has just not 
been reflected because of the pricing. So, yes, if the pricing does 
sustain, we are confident of maintaining a strong performance in the 
API business and the volume that we have built up, we are confident 
of maintaining those as well and continue to work on them as we do 
the new projects like the CEP, etc. So, if the price sustains, we are 
certainly confident of continuing good performance for API. 
Rudraksh Rohicha: Understood, sir. So, thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi with 
Countercyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to understand 
regarding this Blue business. Sir, how should we look at it from the 
next one or two year perspective because I think previous to these 
industry headwinds, we used to make close to (+40%) gross margin 
levels and you have been speaking about internal efficiency as well as 
processes efficiencies I think for the past few quarters. So, how should 
I look at the gross margin of this business going forward? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, I think as you said in the past, I think the business landscape 
was a little bit different both in terms of the demand profile which was 
relatively stronger there and in terms of the competitiveness and 
supplier profile. So, I think while we have seen both the things change 
in terms of addition of competition as well as a sustained period as MD 
mentioned, probably one of the longest low or depression sustained 
periods in terms of demand in the chemical industry in general also in 
Pigments that has been seen since our company started probably. Yet, 

 
Page 27 of 35 
we have been able to use everything in terms of the company, suppliers, 
customers, quality, all of that to be able to continue to be a leader in 
this space and now what we are planning to do as I mentioned 
something we have executed in the past where the goal is to be able to 
have sustainable margins at a good level. So, we have had one-off 
performances, but it has been up and down. So, despite challenging 
circumstances, we got this result. We hope that this is sustainable and 
we will make sure that we do everything in our power to have at the 
current margin level, have performance over the next few years and we 
have a clear strategy in place for the Blue where we are confident that 
over the next, it is difficult to call one or two quarters but this quarter 
obviously we hope to continue the good performance because of our 
strategy of the global uncertainty mitigation but over the next two years 
and beyond, we will continue to have strong and hopefully steadier 
performance on the bottom line as well as our revenue profile in the 
coming few years. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, has there been any capacity closures or how, because what I 
understand is this is a cyclical industry where many people come in 
during the good phase and slowly, they start phasing out. So, has there 
been any capacity closures in this segment? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, in the earlier call six months back also, I had probably addressed 
this question that we have seen some capacity closures because the 
market was cyclically very bad and only the strong companies were 
able to perform and that was an advantage for Asahi and we did quite 
well in that environment. That environment generally is not changed. 
So, the coming future does not look like even if the market improves, 
there is any chance of any capacity addition. 
That is the first thing and the consolidation phase which is going on 
still continues because not everybody is doing well. However, the 
opportunity for organized businesses in this segment who do very well 
is good and we are at Asahi taking advantage of that and should 
continue to perform well because India clearly dominates the global 
market as far as Blues are concerned and this is not likely to change. 
Also quickly, last comment, the basic nature of Pigments, they find 
application across various industries, inks, paints, plastics, including 
now even in textiles marginally. So, it is a varied end application and 
there is no substitution or obsolescence risk in Pigments. So, in 10-

 
Page 28 of 35 
years or 15 years from now, the Blue and AZO Pigments will be used 
the same way. They are not going to, like in other industries such as 
API, there is no obsolescence risk, and there is no competition 
structurally to these products by any other product to replace them. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, what percentage of our revenue comes from the commodity 
products, the CPG, Crude, Blue and what percentage of this comes 
from the value-added Pigments in our Blue, if you could help me 
understand, as a percentage of our revenue? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I think in this, we generally don't, we refrain from giving exact 
breakup between the two. I think both are a very pivotal part of our 
strategy and operation and I think even the crude, I think, while 
considered a commodity, that is something that we have a very specific 
quality and a very specific way we make that product and we believe 
that that as well is a key value-add for us. So, the crude and the 
Pigment, I think both would be substantial contributors and they will 
be in the coming future, but I will request, if it is okay, that we do not 
share the exact breakup just for business. 
Madhur Rathi: 
So, one question was when we say that there are multiple projects 
going on with export customers, these are Pigment-related projects, is 
that a fair understanding and as these projects scale up, can we expect 
the Pigment portion of revenue, I don't want the numbers, but 
directionally, the Pigment share should grow up and that should flow 
out to our margins, is that a fair understanding? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. So, I think the projects that we are doing would be for all the 
products that we make and the key point here is that we are only 
looking for and doing projects where we see a value addition. So, to 
answer, yes, whatever projects we do, whatever we are working on, 
whatever we hope to execute in the coming few years will add to the 
margin profile for sure because here, as opposed to the other 
businesses, as we mentioned, we are operating at good utilization levels 
and hence, we will here be looking to have addition to bottom line 
through projects and continue to hopefully maintain the top line to 
strong levels that we have historically also seen in the past. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And these would be Pigment-related projects only? 

 
Page 29 of 35 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Yes. We make several Pigments and that is to do with the different ones 
with different people. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. So, just final two questions from mine. Sir, where do we see the 
business, if the realization sustains, where should we see the business 
maybe for FY27, what kind of revenue and margins conservatively we 
expect to deliver? And one question to the CFO, what was the inventory 
gain on our standalone and consolidated business for the whole year 
in Q4 FY26? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, can you repeat the questions, I think, I remember the inventory 
one, because you asked both, I don't recall the first one. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand what kind of outlook do we have for this 
year, if the pricing sustains, then what kind of margins can we expect 
to maintain? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I think we would look to, on a sustainable, as you mentioned, I 
think, now I recall for the next year and two years is what you are 
asking for, I think we should look to maintain the current margins that 
we have. And in terms of CAPEX, as MD mentioned, we don't plan to 
make any CAPEX. I think it's internal projects that we look to work on 
to slightly boost our capacities and the projects with customers where 
we look to, the top line obviously will move a little bit with the pricing, 
but we should expect to have the margins consistently at the level we 
have shown right now. So, we are able to, in a few years, maintain and 
have these strong margin profiles for the Blue business. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, just on the inventory gain part. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, on the inventory, I think we have already answered it earlier, the 
margin contribution of inventory gain is there, but it is marginal. There 
is also operation efficiencies, there is also increase in prices of finished 
goods that we have been able to pass on to the customers. So, inventory 
gain number is very difficult to decode, but basically there has been 
some contribution of inventory gain because we were sitting on finished 
goods inventory as well at the beginning of the quarter and before the 
war. That has resulted in some partial benefit coming into this quarter. 
However, that has already been absorbed, but even after that 
absorption, we feel that coming quarter, we should be easily able to 

 
Page 30 of 35 
maintain the performance, if not slightly better it, that we have 
presented in this quarter. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, that was from me. Thank you so much in all regards. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes in the line of Tavan Shah with AlphAccurate 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Tavan Shah: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, I am new to this company, so 
pardon my ignorance. My question is on the standalone business first. 
For this year, I think we did roughly Rs. 350-odd crores kind of the 
revenue. So, you mentioned in the earlier question that I think this 
business is operating at 60%-odd utilization. Is that correct? And you 
are targeting roughly 75%-80% percent utilization by this year end? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
No, this is not correct. You are asking for the Blue standalone 
business? 
Tavan Shah: 
Correct. Yes. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
No, we are not at 60%. We are much higher. We are nearly at 80%-85% 
over there. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
I think what you are mentioning is numbers for the ATC-Dahej 
business. Correct. 
Tavan Shah: 
Yes. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
And that is in line with what you said. For the AZO Pigments, we are 
at those levels, and we hope to incrementally increase to what you 
mentioned by, take more than that by the end of this year. 
Tavan Shah: 
And for the standalone business, given that we are already running at 
80%-85%, so there is hardly any room for the volume growth 
improvement, right? That could be on the pricing growth. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I think we have guided that for this business, the key for us, 
obviously, pricing will impact the overall revenue. But the key is to be 
able to, over the next two years, give a more sustained performance 
and to be able to unlock the bottom line with different things we are 
working on. 

 
Page 31 of 35 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, just to show a little more light on this question, so since it is at 
about 80%, as you rightly said, there doesn't seem to be any obvious 
big opportunity to improve volumes there. This is correct. This has 
been guided over the last couple of years and Management view on the 
capacity and volume growth of the Blue business is clear that we are 
not looking to do on the Blue business any CAPEXs to increase 
capacity. This is clear. Having said that, the reason I intervened is that 
you may see better efficiencies, and operational improvements result 
in improvements in some volumes here as well. That is what earlier 
Arjun referred to a couple of times. The operational efficiency on the 
standalone side is also coming from de-bottlenecking opportunities 
that could result in improved and sustainable volumes also. 
Tavan Shah: 
Understood. 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Possible improvement to the business would be high because at 80%, 
if you improve from 80% to 85 or 85% to 90%, the incremental 5%, 
obviously, is coming at very, very little marginal cost. 
Tavan Shah: 
Understood. If I look at the standalone operational cost, the other costs 
excluding the employee and power fuel, we are doing roughly 
annualized around Rs. 45-odd crores of the other costs in the 
standalone business, with the revenue of Rs. 350 odd crores, which is 
roughly around 13%-14%-odd of the revenue. Is there any room of 
improvement over there where we can save some cost by doing some 
operational efficiency or cutting down the cost? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
I think I have mentioned the different heads that obviously entail all 
the costs. We are working on all of them. This is something that we 
have actively done in the last few quarters and we will continue to do. 
Overall, we are confident to be able to, from earlier levels, drive down 
the cost on most heads. Here as well, we should hope to see an 
improvement in the coming years. 
Tavan Shah: 
Understood. And how much pricing growth have we seen in the 
standalone business in the last two months? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Mitesh, can you just give a rough indication? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
I will quickly give an idea on the pricing side. So, the standalone Blue 
business pricing is normally done on a quarterly basis, and our 

 
Page 32 of 35 
customers are mostly MNCs who have been there with us over 15 years, 
all the three major MNCs that are our customers. So, in this quarter, 
the benefits of the pricing have not fully been seen because the 
quarterly pricing was already locked in and so we will probably likely 
see some benefit of that coming and falling over into the next coming 
quarter or two. 
Tavan Shah: 
And how much pricing growth can we see in the next quarter? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
So, it is very difficult to put a percentage number on it because it 
depends from customer-to-customer, contract-to-contract. Also, there 
are various products, but generally across the product basket of 
Pigments as well as crude, there has been a substantial increase in 
price because of the downward pressure of raw materials and also the 
lack of availability of some of the raw materials. So, a lot of our 
competitors generally in the business have found it difficult to even 
procure the raw materials. So, that has been a challenge and that has 
driven up prices. So, generally prices across all product segments in 
the Pigments business have gone up and gone up meaningfully. So, I 
would probably say percentage-wise, Mitesh, maybe you can put a 
percentage, a rough percentage. 
Mitesh Patel: 
I would you say about 20% up. 
Tavan Shah: 
10%, you are saying? 
Mitesh Patel: 
20%. 
Tanav Shah: 
So, based on the price increase and let's say if that price maintains till 
the end of the year, so we can roughly do Rs. 400-odd crores kind of 
revenue in this standalone business with 13%-14% EBITDA margin. 
So, maybe Rs. 50 crores – Rs. 55 crore absolute EBITDA in this 
standalone business, is it achievable in FY27? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
That is the peak potential. That is the potential of the Blue business. 
Yes. 
Tavan Shah: 
Correct. That is achievable in FY27 itself, right? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
That would be our goal. That would be our hope. Arjun, you can 
comment on it if you have anything to say. 

 
Page 33 of 35 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
No, exactly. I think it's already been discussed. This would be our goal 
and here we are looking for consistency in the volume and continuous 
steady bottom line. So, this would be our goal to be able to achieve that 
for this year and going forward. 
Tavan Shah: 
Okay. And now for the subsidiaries, for Atlas, I think we are doing 
roughly Rs. 150-odd crores kind of the revenue, right? And the gross 
margin is roughly the same, 34%-35% gross margin? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
It ranges between 30%-35%. Since the business is still growing and 
gradually utilization levels are increasing, we are also finding new 
customers and endeavoring to go into the export market. Unlike the 
Blue business, they don't have penetration into the MNC market yet in 
a meaningful way. So, this margin ranges between 30%-35%. Right 
now, it is at the lower end of 30% and we look to go towards the higher 
end of the 35% band. Anything you want to add, Arjun or Mitesh, you 
can add. 
Tavan Shah: 
Understood. And at the current capacity, at full utilization, how much 
peak revenues you can do from the Atlas business, and you already 
mentioned that we can do breakeven this year in terms of the PBT. So, 
in terms of EBITDA, if you can help us to understand what kind of 
EBITDA you are expecting from Atlas in F27 and FY28. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
So, I think as opposed to both the Pigment businesses in Atlas, it is 
difficult to guide the maximum what the company or the plant can 
achieve. Here, the delta between products, the pricing between 
products, the volumes are very, very different and hence it's like in the 
Blue, we can give you a more definitive answer like we did or what we 
are looking to achieve. Here, it is very different and the nature doesn't 
allow us to give the exact number of what the plant can achieve 
because pricing of products, even the product we make is very different. 
Like there are several products which we are making which are much, 
much smaller in volume obviously, but a few products which would be 
maybe 10x the price of Pregabalin. So, the price delta is very different 
and hence, the total what the plant can achieve and what the company 
can achieve in terms of turnover and EBITDA, that is something that 
is dependent on all those factors and hence, the ceiling in Atlas is very 
high. This is why we have gone into this business and this is why 
hopefully with a positive price of 10 for Pregabalin coupled with the 

 
Page 34 of 35 
new products that we add a new business stream going to, we will be 
able to show good performance and as you mentioned, I think we will 
definitely be the positive and for EBITDA, once again, it will be highly 
dependent on the price and if we are able to see a continuous 
steadiness and improvement in price like we saw this year, then of 
course, we should be able to execute the numbers we did in this 
quarter but it is dependent on the price and we will continue to do what 
we can in terms of volume to be able to take it factor out of us and 
continue to give a good performance going forward. 
Tavan Shah: 
And the plant is operating at what utilization right now? This Rs. 150-
odd crore is from 30%-40% utilization or at what level we are 
operating? 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
The API part of Chattral is operating at low levels around 30% but the 
intermediates, we have done a good job of executing that and becoming 
pretty much self-reliant for such a large product and that is why we 
have been able to survive and grow by 18% in such difficult times and 
despite a lot of price pressure. So, intermediates is around 60% and 
finished product would be around 30% at Chhatral. 
Tavan Shah: 
Understood. And how much fixed overhead are we doing in these two 
subsidiaries? 
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
Mitesh, can I request you to take this question? 
Mitesh Patel: 
Currently at Chattral our utilization is lower so our fixed cost is a bit 
of higher, but when our utilization will increase then fixed cost in 
percentage terms will decrease. 
Tavan Shah: 
Yes, but in absolute terms how much are we doing?  
Mitesh Patel: 
So, basically in short answer of your question, we can achieve both 
facilities, Chattral and Atlas, we can achieve Rs. 250 crores - Rs. 280 
crores turnover at peak without doing any CAPEX and we can achieve 
15%-16% of EBITDA margins. So, in next 2-3 years we will achieve 
this. 
 

 
Page 35 of 35 
Tavan Shah: 
Okay. So, consol EBITDA could be Rs. 100 crores that is our peak that 
is what we are expecting, right? Standalone Rs. 50 crores – Rs. 55 
crores is peak and then subsidiaries is also around Rs. 50 crores is 
peak. 
Mitesh Patel: 
Yes, you are exactly correct. 
Tavan Shah: 
Understood. Okay, sir. Thank you. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
We have reached the end of question and answer session. I now hand 
the conference over to Arjun Jayakrishnan for closing comments. 
Arjun Jaykrishna: 
Thank you so much. I think, as I mentioned at the start, thank you 
everyone to take the time out to join the conference call today and 
thank you for all your questions and your time. We look forward to 
speaking with you again at the end of Q1FY27. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Asahi Songwon Color Limited, I conclude this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
