An ISO 9001, ISO 14001 & ISO 
45001 
Certified Company 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SARDA ENERGY & MINERALS LTD.
2nd June 2026 
 
BSE Ltd 
The Department of Corporate Services  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street – Mumbai 400 001 
 
Security Code No.: 504614 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051     
Fax. No: 022-26598237/38, 022-26598347/48 
 
Symbol: SARDAEN                  Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings call conducted on 25th May 2026 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call conducted 
on 25th May 2026. This is for your information and records.  
 
This information is being hosted on the Company’s website - www.seml.co.in. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sarda Energy & Minerals Ltd.  
 
 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANISH SETHI
Digitally signed by MANISH SETHI 
Date: 2026.06.02 16:39:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited (SEML) 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 25, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PANKAJ SARDA –MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. MANISH SARDA – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
SARDA METALS & ALLOYS LIMITED  
 
MR. PADAM KUMAR JAIN – DIRECTOR AND CFO 
 
MR. NILAY JOSHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PARTH CHAUHAN – ADFACTORS PR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript may contain transcription errors, despite an earnest effort toward accuracy. The Company accepts no 
responsibility or liability for any such errors. Minor editorial adjustments have been made solely to enhance clarity, not to alter the 
substance of the discussion. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sarda Energy & Minerals 
Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Parth Chauhan from Adfactors PR. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Parth Chauhan: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Conference Call of Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited. We have with 
us the senior management of SEML today on the call - Mr. Pankaj Sarda, 
Managing Director; Mr. Manish Sarda, Deputy Managing Director, Sarda 
Metals and Alloys Ltd; Mr. Padam Kumar Jain, Director and Chief Financial 
Officer; and Mr. Nilay Joshi, Executive Director. 
 
Before we proceed, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
on this call today may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. The company undertakes no 
obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments 
that occur after the statement is made. Documents related to the company's 
financial performance have been uploaded on the exchanges and on the 
company's website. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Pankaj Sarda for the opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, Sir. 
Pankaj Sarda: 
Thank you. Good morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining the Q4 and 
FY26 earnings call. I hope everyone had an opportunity to review the financial 
results and investor presentation uploaded on the exchanges and our company 
website. Over the last 5 years, Sarda Energy has undergone a significant 
transformation from a mid-sized cyclical commodity-linked metals business to 
a more diversified and integrated energy and mining business. 
 
In FY21, the company's earnings were largely driven by steel and ferro alloys 
cycles with profitability exposed to commodity price volatility and fluctuations 
in raw material costs. Since then, we have strategically diversified our business 
through investments across thermal power, hydropower and coal mining. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Key milestones in this journey include the acquisition and integration of SKS 
Power's 2x300-megawatt thermal power assets, operationalization of the 113-
megawatt hydropower project in Sikkim and commencement and scale-up of 
coal mining operations at Gare Palma IV/7. These initiatives have materially 
strengthened our integrated business model and improved earnings visibility. 
This transformation is reflected in our financial and operating performance. 
 
Over FY21 to FY26, revenue has doubled at a CAGR of 21% to approximately 
INR5,928 crores. EBITDA has tripled at a CAGR of 25% to INR2,025 crores, 
with 3x jump in profit after tax as well at a CAGR of 24% to INR1,109 crores. 
During the same period, our energy capacity has increased nearly fivefold to 
929 megawatts, supported by a strong liquidity position, improved credit 
profile and a net debt-free balance sheet. We believe Sarda Energy is well 
positioned to deliver long-term sustainable value creation. 
 
Against this backdrop, FY26 was another year of strong operational 
performance across our energy, mining and metals businesses. In FY26, the 
company not only surpassed its INR2,000 crores EBITDA guidance, but also 
recently crossed the market capitalization of INR20,000 crores. The Board has 
also recommended a record dividend of 200%, subject to shareholders’ 
approval. 
 
Operationally, FY26 was a landmark year for the company with several 
businesses delivering their highest ever production and generation level. I'm 
happy to report that the company achieved the highest ever generation and sale 
of thermal and hydro energy during the year despite planned shutdowns - led 
by the successful integration and scale-up of SKS Power, addition of Rehar 
hydropower project capacity and signing of profitable long-term PPAs. 
 
The thermal power generation (ex captive) reached its highest ever level at 
4,155 million units in FY26 as against 2,238 million units in FY25, 
representing a robust growth of 84% year-on-year. Hydropower generation 
also remained strong during the period with annual generation increasing to a 
record 661 million units in FY26 from 508 million units in FY25, recording a 
growth of 31% Y-o-Y, supported by the commissioning of 25-megawatt Rehar 
hydropower project. Consequently, the Energy segment continues to drive 
growth; with two-third of EBITDA being contributed by this segment. Going 
forward, we will continue to scale up the energy portfolio. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
An important development during the period was the Honorable Supreme 
Court dismissing all dissenting appeals filed against the approval of the 
company's resolution plan for acquisition of SKS Power Generation 
Chhattisgarh Limited under the IBC process. This paves the way for the 
company to efficiently double the capacity to 1,200 megawatts by FY '30, 
supported by strong cash generation and a robust balance sheet. Importantly, 
for this brownfield expansion, the land, water, grid connectivity, fuel 
availability, coal handling, railway siding infrastructure, etcetera, is already in 
place. We have applied for environment clearance and the same is expected in 
due course. 
 
During the current quarter, the company has also approved the acquisition of a 
majority stake in Adishankar Khuitam Power Private Limited, which holds 
rights for a 66-megawatt hydropower project in Arunachal Pradesh. Most 
approvals and critical forest land for the project have already been secured, and 
we are confident of a successful scale-up of this capacity. 
 
Work on the other three small hydropower projects in Chhattisgarh, totaling 
74 megawatts is progressing as per plan. Within our power portfolio, 
commissioning of the 50-megawatt captive solar power plant is expected 
before the end of next quarter. The 30-megawatt TG set replacement project is 
in final stages of its erection, and the plant is expected to be commissioned by 
the end of this quarter, ahead of the earlier targeted completion timeline of H1 
FY27. 
 
On the mining side, the company received consent to operate from the 
Chhattisgarh Environment Conservation Board for expansion of production 
capacity at the Gare Palma IV/7 coal mine from 1.68 million tons per annum 
to 1.8 million tons per annum and the production during FY26 reached the 
maximum permissible annual limit of 1.8 million tons per annum. Q4 
production numbers appear relatively lower due to exhaustion of the approved 
annual limit. However, this achievement demonstrates the company's strong 
mining execution capabilities and its ability to efficiently maximize extraction. 
Development of the Shahpur West high-grade coal mine is progressing as 
scheduled with commissioning targeted before the end of FY27. 
 
Approval processes for the Gare Palma IV/5, Bartunga and Senduri coal mines 
are progressing as per plan.  

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Moving on to the metal business - Iron ore pellet production reached a record 
of 826,293 metric tons in FY26. Sponge Iron production also achieved a new 
milestone with overall yearly production increasing to 3,45,066 metric tons in 
FY26. 
 
Further, the HB wire division achieved record yearly production of 40,425 
metric tons in FY26. Further, the Board has approved the expansion of the iron 
ore pellet plant capacity at Raipur from 9 lakh tons to 20 lakh tons. The project 
is estimated to involve a capital outlay of approximately INR500 crores and is 
expected to be completed within 2.5 years from commencement. EC for the 
project is already in place and the DPR is currently under preparation 
 
The standalone operating performance in the fourth quarter was impacted by 
the shutdown of one 30-megawatt captive power unit for replacement, which 
is expected to come into operation by the end of this quarter. Despite this, the 
financial performance improved on account of better market conditions. Price 
realization in the steel segment improved during the quarter on both Y-o-Y and 
Q-o-Q basis. However, price realization during FY26 remained lower 
compared to FY25.As part of our sustainability commitment, we have installed 
mineral wool project to utilize the industrial waste for production of usable 
industrial products.  
Coming to the financial performance, consolidated revenue for Q4 FY26 stood 
at INR1,258 crores. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR352 crores, while 
PAT for Q4 FY26 stood at INR155 crores, an increase of 53% Y-o-Y.  
As pointed out earlier, performance during the quarter was impacted by certain 
planned operational shutdowns and seasonality. Steel 
production 
was 
temporarily affected due to the shutdown of one 30-megawatt captive power 
plant unit since December for replacement activities. Additionally, thermal 
power generation declined year-on-year as one 300-megawatt turbine 
continued to be under planned maintenance for part of January 2026. 
Hydropower generation is also impacted because of the seasonal slowdown. 
 
For the full year, consolidated total revenue increased 23% Y-o-Y to INR5,928 
crores in FY26 from INR4,815 crores in FY25. EBITDA for FY26 stood at 
INR2,025 crores as compared to INR1,410 crores in FY25, representing a 
growth of 44% Y-o-Y. Profit after tax increased significantly to INR1,109 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
crores in FY26 from INR702 crores in FY25, reflecting a strong growth of 58% 
Y-o-Y. 
 
Our balance sheet continued to remain strong with net debt of EBITDA well 
below 1x and credit rating by CRISIL at AA- with a positive outlook. 
Consolidated net debt as of 31st March 2026 stood at INR215 crores as 
compared to INR1,566 crores as of 31st March 2025, a significant reduction 
of over 85%. Consolidated liquidity remains robust at INR2,380 crores. And 
on a standalone basis, the company continues to remain net cash positive. 
 
With that overview, I now hand over to Mr. Manish Sarda to discuss the 
industry environment and outlook. Over to you, Mr. Manish. 
Manish Sarda: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I will briefly 
touch upon the broader industry environment and the demand outlook across 
steel, power and related commodities. FY26 was a defining year for India's 
industrial and energy sectors, marked by strong domestic demand, improving 
pricing trends, accelerated infrastructure activity and record quarter. The 
opening environment across both steel and energy remained stronger compared 
to previous quarters, supported by policy interventions, rising investments and 
sustained economic momentum. 
 
India’s vision of Viksit Bharat 2047, continues to drive a strong structural push 
towards domestic manufacturing, infrastructure creation, energy security, 
increasing investments across semiconductors, electronics, manufacturing, 
data centers and industrial infrastructure are expected to significantly increase 
long-term power demand in the country. India’s semiconductor ecosystem 
alone is witnessing multibillion-dollar investments supported by strong policy 
initiatives and localization efforts. 
 
At the same time, evolving geopolitical tensions and structural energy supply 
risk that further strengthened India's focus on Atmanirbhar Bharat and 
reducing dependence on imported energy and industrial raw material. The 
Government of India's emphasis on coal gasification and domestic resource 
utilization reflects  broader strategic direction. 
 
Recently, the government approved a INR37,500 crores incentive scheme to 
promote coal gasification projects aimed at reducing imports of LNG 
methanol, ammonia fertilizers while strengthening India's long-term energy 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
security. In the backdrop with our planned capacity expansion across thermal 
hydro and renewable power, along with our integrated mining business, we 
believe SEML is well positioned to benefit from the increasing demand for 
reliable and competitively priced energy, driven by India's manufacturing led 
growth trajectory. 
 
Given our integrated presence across coal mining, power generation and 
industrial operations, -- we believe that the company remains structurally 
aligned with India's long-term priorities around energy security, manufacturing 
growth and economic self-reliance. 
 
During FY 2026, India stood out positively from other global steel markets. 
Crude steel production in India grew by over 11% even as China and several 
other global markets recorded a contraction. While China steel production fell 
to a 6-year low, its export increased, China also introduced export licensing 
requirements for a wide range of steel products starting in 2026. 
 
India’s apparent steel demand continue to grow, while exports remain higher 
than imports for the second consecutive quarter. Indian steel consumption 
reached approximately 164 million tons, supported by sustained infrastructure 
spending and steady manufacturing activity. Steel prices, which had reached 
multi-year low earlier in this year, recovered sharply by around 10% to 15% 
during Q4FY26. 
 
Despite the near-term global volatility, the long-term outlook for both steel and 
energy sectors remain highly encouraging, supported by India's infrastructure 
push, manufacturing growth policy, continuity and long-term energy transition 
goals. 
 
Turning to the power sector. Demand has strengthened significantly and 
recently touched a record peak of 270.8 gigawatt driven by severe heat waves 
surpassing the previous peak demand of 250 gigawatt recorded in 2024. During 
the quarter, prices on the exchange stood at INR 3.75 per unit compared to INR 
4.30 per unit in the corresponding period last year and INR 3.33 per unit in the 
previous quarter. 
 
The Indian coal index increased by 8% from March 2025 levels and by 9% 
from December 2025 levels due to the import supply disruptions arising from 
the ongoing war situation.  

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Looking ahead, the West Asia crisis has resulted in higher input costs and 
supply chain disruptions. Inflationary pressures from elevated oil prices, along 
with the impact on government finances, may have implications for demand in 
the steel segment. The ongoing conflict in the Middle East is also expected to 
impact global economic activity. However, given that India is a largely 
domestic consumption-driven economy, the impact is expected to be relatively 
moderate. 
 
At SEML, we are entering into the next phase of growth with stronger 
tailwinds, robust operational momentum and a clear expansion road map. I am 
confident that with our planned strategic expansions to quadruple our mining 
capacity and to double our energy capacity, we are well placed for sustained 
growth going forward. 
 
With that, we can now open the floor for question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Digant Haria with GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: 
So, my first question is that after a long time, we are doing some capex in the 
steel division in the pellet plant. So, are you seeing some changes, like what 
has prompted us to do that because we were holding the capex in this sector 
for a long time because it is deeply cyclical, some comments here? 
Pankaj Sarda: 
Already environment clearance is in place, land and water availability is there. 
And we see a lot of mines opening up in Chhattisgarh in near future. So, we 
think that we'll be ready when these mines open up in the next 2, 2.5 years, 
we'll be ready with our production. 
Digant Haria: 
So, the supply of iron ore in catchment areas will be good, so we'll get a chance 
to process them, right? That is the idea... 
Pankaj Sarda: 
Yes. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. Sir, second question is that in the steel and ferro alloy division, like you 
think we have really bottomed out and like this year can be a slightly better 
year because since 4 years our operating profit in these divisions have actually 
been declining? 
Pankaj Sarda: 
Manish? 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Manish Sarda: 
I think they have, at the current levels, they look to be bottomed out. But it all 
depends upon the global scenarios as to what happens in the Middle East. If 
the war again starts and the demand goes down globally, it will have an impact 
on India as well. But I personally feel these are the current bottom level prices 
that we are seeing of steel, ferro alloys and once the war is settled. If there's a 
peace agreement in place, we will see recovery of prices also. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. But Manish, you don't see much of Chinese dumping these days, like 
has it declined over the last 2- 3 months because of the currency, the currency 
spreads are now really very high between India and China. So last 2 months? 
Manish Sarda: 
If you look at the China steel growth, it has contracted. But if you look at the 
exports, that have increased globally. In India, we have the safeguard 
measures, and we are seeing that there is a less import from China. But 
globally, if you look at it, they have been exporting. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay, sir. Sir, and last question is on our Power division. Like in our 
hydropower division, we have done around INR300 crores of EBITDA, which 
means that we have done around INR800 crores of EBITDA in the SKS power, 
the thermal power, the independent power production division. 
 
So just wanted to check that is there any efficiency possible here or we have 
already maxed out because we have produced like 411 crores units, and we 
have done INR800 crores of EBITDA, so roughly like INR2 per unit kind of 
EBITDA. So,  can this plant increase production or improve EBITDA or we 
have reached the maximum potential of this plant? 
Nilay Joshi: 
INR800, how you are saying? 
Digant Haria: 
So, see, in our segmental results, we say that INR1,095 crores is the segmental 
results. And I'm just subtracting the hydropower divisions. In the presentation, 
you have given that hydropower division has done INR386 crores, 80% 
EBITDA? 
Nilay Joshi: 
Yes. Just clarifying, the hydropower division number is the EBITDA number 
that we're referring to. And the that you are referring to is the EBIT that we 
disclosed, right? So, it is not comparable.  

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Pankaj Sarda: 
To answer your second part of the question, yes, in any plant there is the scope 
of improvement. We have already infused almost more than INR140 crores of 
capex in our Binjkot plant till now. 
And for the next 2 years, we will be incurring around INR150 crores of capex. 
So, there could be an improvement in PLF. We are trying our level best, that 
the spares and everything and all the capex that was due till now we are 
completing those capex. And definitely, there is a scope for improving the 
performance in the plant. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. I think I'll come back in the queue. I have two more questions, but I'll 
come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manav Gogia from Yes Securities. 
Manav Gogia: 
The first question is actually in line with the previous participant. When we 
look at the pellet plant that we are bringing in, you had mentioned that you see 
a lot of mines opening up for iron ore in Chhattisgarh. So, is there a case where 
Sarda can also bid for these mines and does the company see that the pellet 
plant would be a better play if we have our own iron ore mine? 
Pankaj Sarda: 
Yes. These mines are owned by Chhattisgarh Mineral Development 
Corporation, so I was talking about these mines that are opening up by the state 
itself. But yes, we will be looking for all the opportunities in this sector if the 
mine comes up in auction, in Chhattisgarh and neighboring states. 
Manav Gogia: 
Okay. Understood. Just a follow-up because now I think until last year, we 
were quite bent on not expanding our steel business further. And now we are 
seeing some inclinations towards steel. So, is there a possibility whether 
probably in the future, the company might be looking at demerging the steel 
and power verticals or from a long-term strategy point of view? Or how should 
one look at it? 
Padam Kumar Jain: Yes. We are exploring separation of the renewable energy business, not the 
complete power business. Renewable Energy that is being explored, and we 
have not yet come to any conclusion, that is being examined. But yes, that is 
on the table under consideration. 
Manav Gogia: 
Okay. So, my second question comes for doubling up of SKS power capacity. 
So, by when should we expect the see Q2, Q3, but it would be this fiscal, right? 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Pankaj Sarda: 
No, no, we are taking the environment clearances because the earlier 
environment clearance had expired. So, we are again going to MoEF for the 
environment clearances after the environment clearances, I think so by 2030-
31, we'll see that project commissioning. 
Manav Gogia: 
Okay. So, this is the calendar year or the fiscal year? I mean it's going to be 
2031 is what the goal is, right? 
Pankaj Sarda: 
Yes 
Manav Gogia: 
My one last question I had. First of all, how are you looking at the long steel 
realizations for Q1 as compared to Q4 and when we look at the Q4 realization, 
right, so we had guided 12% to 15% jump in the realization, which is being 
reflected by the end product. But when it comes to sponge iron and pellets, 
there is sort of a distortion. So, I think pellet prices were quite up during the 
quarter. Just wanted your point of view on how should we see the realizations 
going ahead, especially for pellets and sponge iron? 
Manish Sarda: 
Can you please repeat the question? 
Manav Gogia: 
Yes. Sir, I wanted your view point on how the realizations are looking for steel 
business for Q1 as compared to Q4? 
Manish Sarda: 
Okay. So, see,  if you witnessed that we are inching closer towards a deal being 
struck by U.S. and Iran. So once that happens, we are going to see a supposedly 
strong growth in terms of infrastructure being rebuilt. And I personally feel 
that the long-term prices for long products will be on an upward trajectory. We 
have seen the flat steel prices not dipping down considerably compared to the 
long product prices. So, we will see some growth in the long-term steel pricing 
of long products. 
Manav Gogia: 
That is quite helpful. So, my question was actually pertaining to also how the 
realizations are looking in Q1 as well FY27? 
Manish Sarda: 
It's very difficult to predict in such a volatile market it's very difficult to predict 
the exact numbers. 
Manav Gogia: 
No, no, understood, sir. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Pankaj Sarda: 
To answer your question a bit, NMDC and OMC both have reduced their prices 
because of energy crisis, there is a little bit increase in coal indexes, say, the 
prices have gone up by 7% to 8% but the iron ore prices have come down. So, 
we think that prices of the end products might also reduce. 
Manav Gogia: 
I may just squeeze one last question into this. If you refer to Slide number 13, 
which is the sales trend for this particular quarter. And if I look at the domestic 
coal sales volumes I think the numbers are reflecting the same as it was in the 
Q3 PPT. So, would it be possible if you could give me the FY26 number for 
whatever the sales were for domestic coal? Total sales for FY26? 
Nilay Joshi: 
Domestic is there in the presentation also 150k MT. 
Manav Gogia: 
Yes. But sir, 9 months, I mean, if you look at the Q3 presentation, the numbers 
the same. 
Padam Kumar Jain: Realization price? 
Manav Gogia: 
No, not the realization, but the Sales of Slide number 13 - the domestic coal 
sales for FY26 is at 150. That was the same number in Q3? 
Pankaj Sarda: 
So domestic coal to give you an answer, we are selling very less coal in the 
market because most of the coal is captively consumed. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Rajesh Bhandari from Nakoda Engineers. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Sir, the thing is that I will not ask anything about regular working because it is 
such a thing that the children do trust their parents, so do we investors trust the 
promoters. So, I would like to ask some other questions, sir. Sir, the second 
600 megawatt expansion is going for '30-'31. That is going to be very long, sir? 
Padam Kumar Jain: There is a lot of time for equipment supply in this and the time for 
environmental clearance and equipment delivery in India is quite high. So, that 
much time is still expected because in India all the capital equipment suppliers 
are fully booked. 
Rajesh Bhandari: 
Or are we thinking of any coal gasification, sir? 
Nilay Joshi: 
Any point in time we keep evaluating various projects. So -- but yes, nothing 
material as of now. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Pankaj Sarda:  
Bhandariji, the government is coming up with coal mines auctions for 
particularly coal gasification. We are evaluating the opportunity, how and 
when, we'll take a call. 
Moderator: 
Rajesh, I will request you to come back for a follow-up question. Next question 
is from the line of Vaibhav Mehta from Axis Mutual Fund. 
Vaibhav Mehta: 
So, my question would be with regards to our capex schedule for FY27 and 
FY28, given the fact that we are expanding mines and hydro energy are also 
coming up. And secondly, if you can also share the schedule for 
commissioning of hydro projects that are there underdevelopment? 
Padam Kumar Jain: Yes. As stated earlier also, our  annual capex based on the hydro we have 
planned initially, will be in the range of about INR500 crores to INR700 crores 
except for the IPP expansion of 600 megawatts. For 600-megawatt expansion, 
we expect to get clearances during the current year and from next year, full 
blast capex will start, that will be substantially on higher side. 
Vaibhav Mehta: 
Thanks for the information. And with regard to hydro commissioning? 
Pankaj Sarda: 
So hydro commissioning, we are evaluating the DPR. We are finalizing the 
DPR and our different hydro projects are in different phases of environment 
clearances as well. So, regarding the three small hydro projects that are coming 
in Chhattisgarh, they might take 3 to 4 years to come. And the Khuitam 
hydropower project, the forest clearance and everything we have already got 
in place. The DPR is under the finalization stage. We already have a consultant 
in place, and we'll be starting the project soon by end of this year, and we 
expect to finish it in 3 to 4 years. 
Vaibhav Mehta: 
Got it, sir. So, for FY -- if I can ask one more question. For FY27 and '28, what 
would be driving our top line growth -- commissioning should you are on the 
later part of the... 
Padam Kumar Jain: For FY26 that you were talking about or '27. 
Vaibhav Mehta: 
Yes, sir, if we can give FY'27 and '28? 
Padam Kumar Jain: In FY27, majorly, it will be on the efficiency parameters and the availability 
of the Rehar power plant for the full year and the improvement in the efficiency 
of our IPP -- these are the two major and third because our solar plant will 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
come up by September and 30-megawatt TG set will restart. So, these are the 
based on the efficiency parameters only will add to the topline and bottom line 
during the FY27. 
 
FY28, we will have full year operation of Shahpur coal mine. These are the 
immediate projects, which will be coming to operation. 
Vaibhav Mehta: 
Got it sir. Thank you. 
Padam Kumar Jain: And also our mineral wool project will add to the bottom line as it comes in 
the full year because –it is also growing rapidly. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Digant Haria from GreenEdge Wealth. 
Digant Haria: 
One question is on our PPAs, of the power that we sold, what was under PPA 
and what was like sold at merchant? And what will that number be for FY27 
because I see in the presentation, we have written that we have signed some 
long-term PPAs? 
Padam Kumar Jain: We have signed the PPAs for about 300 megawatts out of 600 megawatts for 
the medium-term and long-term. And the rest we have been selling in the short-
term PPAs which are for a few months. And so far, as the hydropower projects 
are concerned, two power projects, we have long-term PPA in place. And the 
third one of our Sikkim power project we are selling in the merchant market. 
Digant Haria: 
Sir, in thermal power, in FY26, what would have been the proportion of PPA 
and merchant, in the thermal power only? 
Padam Kumar Jain: Thermal power, most of that was merchant except for, I think, 100-megawatt 
for the medium-term rest was in the short term. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. So, sir, that will be like a significant, like from 100 megawatts, almost 
300 megawatts will be under PPA from this year onwards. So that should 
improve our realization also, right? 
Padam Kumar Jain: This year we will have 200 megawatts. 100 megawatts we have entered , long-
term which will start from the next year. Although we have entered into PPA 
during the current year, we will be starting supply from the next financial year, 
so for 100 to 200 megawatts, we have entered into medium term. 
Digant Haria: 
Okay. And in the next year, we will go to 300, not this year. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Padam Kumar Jain: Yes. Next year, it will be going to 300 megawatts. In the meantime, we are also 
in negotiations for some more capacity during the current year, which may get 
into effect. 
Digant Haria: 
And then the realizations are better in PPA, the PPA, right? Because they are 
long term and all 
Padam Kumar Jain: Yes, comparatively because the spot market is volatile. Sometimes you get 
very good rates also in the spot market. Last year in the first quarter, we had 
got much better prices. So, but that is volatile. When you enter into long-term 
PPAs or medium-term PPAs, it gives much more visibility and stability to 
realisations. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kareena Kaur from Starklume Investments. 
Kareena Kaur: 
So, my question is, do we have any particular investment outlay for the SKS 
expansion project? Also, have we got the approval from the Board -- and do 
we require any other regulatory or statutory approvals for the same? 
Padam Kumar Jain: The Board has approved in principle for expansion of the project. Accordingly, 
we have gone ahead with the necessary approvals, including environmental 
clearance and all those things. And once all the clearances are in place and the 
DPR being prepared where we are evaluating the exact configuration of the 
project also. So giving the exact amount for the investment, it will take some 
more time. And it will be placed before the Board once we freeze the final 
capacity and the configuration, everything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pawan Nahar, an Individual Investor. 
Pawan Nahar: 
So, thank you. I think my questions are done and you don't choose to answer it 
seems at this moment. Basically, I wanted to know what would be the capex 
for all the expansion, that is planned for the next four years, '27, '28 and '30. 
So, the power plants would be the main one? 
Padam Kumar Jain: That I think we have already addressed. In the next two years, it will be in the 
range of about INR500 crores to INR700 crores. Maybe in the range of INR700 
crores, excluding the SKS power project for which it will take some time to 
give exact guidelines on the capex cycle. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Pawan Nahar: 
Okay. Second is from the 600-megawatt thermal. How many units do you 
expect to sell this year? What should be the output sold? 
Padam Kumar Jain: It will be better than the previous year. Previous year,  we had sold about 375 
crores units, and it should be much better, maybe it should be in the range of 
400 crores units. Sellable units I'm talking about, not the generation. 
Pawan Nahar: 
Yes. So, what was the average realization for SKS in FY26? 
Padam Kumar Jain: It was more than 5 rupees, five rupees plus, . 
Pawan Nahar: 
Okay. And what was our cost of generation variable... 
Padam Kumar Jain: That we shall work out and give offline, we can discuss it. 
Pawan Nahar: 
So, 400 crores plus units. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Manoj Rajani from Rajani Family Office. 
Manoj Rajani: 
So, sir, I just have a couple of questions. So, any update on the progress of the 
30-megawatt turbine that has been impacting our production along with the 
anticipated commissioning time-line? 
Padam Kumar Jain: As stated in our initial address, we will be completing this project by end of 
this quarter. By the end of June, it will come into operation. 
Manoj Rajani: 
Okay. So, no significant impact on anything, right? 
Padam Kumar Jain: Yes, not significant. 
Manoj Rajani: 
Okay, sir. And my second question is any particular reason that is behind 
acquiring the shares of Godawari Power, particularly in the open market, and 
should investors like us expect any further purchases going ahead? 
Padam Kumar Jain: That was part of normal treasury operations, nothing specific. 
Manoj Rajani: 
Okay, sir. So, nothing expected -- I mean, going ahead, we should expect, right, 
sir? 
Nilay Joshi: 
Yes, nothing specific. Just to give a perspective, we have almost INR2,400 
crores of liquidity as of March, and that was, I think around 1%. So, it was part 
of regular treasury and not meaningful. 

Sarda Energy & Minerals Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Manoj Rajani: 
Okay, sir. And sir, I late joined. So please forgive me if this question might be 
already addressed. So, sir, I wanted to ask, what is the company's broader plan 
in respect to the real estate JV and the land -- I mean, is there any land 
development opportunity that we are looking at? 
Padam Kumar Jain: It's  immaterial, we have some land bank and the total investment is negligible. 
I think we've given the estimation of about INR25 crores of investment that 
will add value to our land bank. That was the only purpose. Otherwise, that's 
practically insignificant. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question. I'll now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Padam Kumar Jain for closing comments. 
Padam Kumar Jain: To conclude, the performance reflects steady execution against our strategic 
priorities, supported by a constructive pricing environment across both the 
Energy and Metals segment. We have continued to make visible progress in 
our growth initiatives while also pursuing opportunities in green power to 
further strengthen our future portfolio. 
 
Our disciplined approach towards deploying surplus cash into diversified long-
term growth projects provides visibility and reinforces our commitment to 
sustainable value creation. Thank you for joining us today. So, we have any 
questions, please feel free to reach out to us or our Investor Relations team. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect 
your lines. Thank you. 
 
