 
 
 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
4th Floor, A Wing, Allcargo House, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Vidyanagari, Mumbai - 400 098, Maharashtra, India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargoterminals.com | CIN: L60300MH2019PLC320697 | E: investor.relations@allcargoterminals.com 
 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q4 & FY 2025-26. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q4 & FY 2025-26 held on Friday, May 22, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. 
(IST). 
 
The transcript is annexed for your reference which can also be accessed on the Company’s website from the 
below link: 
 
ATL-Q4FY26-Transcript-May22-2026.pdf 
 
 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Terminals Limited 
 
 
 
 
Malav Talati 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A59947 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543954/890228 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ATL/ATLPP 
Malav 
Mayank 
Talati
Digitally signed 
by Malav 
Mayank Talati 
Date: 2026.05.26 
17:37:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Allcargo Terminals Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH KUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MR. PRITAM VARTAK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUYANSH SAMANT – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Allcargo Terminals Limited Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Suyash Samant from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Suyash Samant: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us today 
the senior management team of Allcargo Terminals Limited, Mr. Suresh Kumar, Managing 
Director; Mr. Pritam Vartak, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Punjabi, Investor 
Relations, who will represent Allcargo Terminals Limited on the call. The management will be 
sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter and full year ended 31st March 
'26, followed by a question-and-answer session. 
 
Please note, this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely 
based upon the company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are 
not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unforeseen risks and 
uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statements to reflect developments that occur after a statement is made. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Suresh Kumar sir. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. A warm welcome to everyone on the Allcargo Terminals 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Call. We have uploaded the results, press release and presentation to the 
stock exchanges and the company's website. I hope everyone has had an opportunity to go 
through the same. I will share an overview of the economy, industry and our business 
performance over the past quarter and the year, after which, I'll hand you over to Pritam, the 
CFO, to discuss the financial performance for the quarter and the financial year ended March 
'26. 
 
Globally, growth is expected to moderate at around 3.1% in 2026, and is forecasted at about 
3.2% in 2027. This reflects the impact of geopolitical tensions and trade uncertainties, which 
continue to weigh on supply chains and cost structures. In contrast, India continues to remain a 
bright spot with GDP growth of around 6% - 6.5%, supported by domestic demand, continued 
government focus on infrastructure and capex and policy initiatives. 
 
Despite near-term challenges, the overall outlook for the logistics sector remains positive with 
structural drivers such as rising containerization, ongoing infrastructure investments and supply 
chain realignment supporting the long-term growth. India's major ports handled a record 915.2 
million metric tons of cargo in FY26, which is a healthy 7% year-on-year growth, and this 
reflects the strong EXIM and trade activity. 
 
Coming to Allcargo Terminals Limited. FY26 was a year of strong progress, a lot of purposeful 
groundwork towards ATL's 3-year ambition. Supported by India's growing EXIM momentum 
and our focused capacity addition at key ports, our profit after tax grew 46% over the previous 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
year. We recorded our highest ever annual volumes, backed it up with disciplined yield 
management and the operating leverage due to capacity expansion, enabled EBITDA increase 
26% year-on-year, and we continue to strengthen our strong customer equity across the markets 
in which we operate. 
 
In line with our strategic priorities, we enhanced capacity at one of our 2 JNPT facilities, and we 
have also secured a 10-year extension for the other. Construction of our PFT-ICD at 
Farrukhnagar commenced at Q4 through partnerships with group companies, marking another 
important milestone in our growth journey. Looking ahead, as geopolitical issues ease, the 
market conditions should normalize, and we are well poised and remain committed to 
contributing meaningfully to India's expanding EXIM ecosystem and logistics infrastructure 
story. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Pritam to take you through the financials. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you, Suresh. Welcome to our Q4 FY26 earnings call. I will 
be taking you through the financial highlights, starting with quarterly results. In Q4 FY26, we 
handled total volume, CFS plus ICD, 179,631 TEUs, reflecting a growth of 7% over Q4 FY25 
and a decline of 7% over Q3 FY26. Q4 FY26, our revenue stood at INR208 crores, reflecting a 
growth of 12% year-on-year. EBITDA, excluding other income, came in at INR44 crores, 
marking a 31% increase year-on-year. 
 
EBITDA margin expanded to 21.2% in Q4 FY26 as against 18% during Q4 FY25. This is driven 
by improved operating leverage and disciplined cost management and increasing scale 
efficiency. This, along with enhanced realization, enabled us to maintain EBITDA per TEU 
above INR2,000. Net profit for the quarter was INR9 crores as against a loss during Q4 FY25. 
 
For the financial year ended March '26, total volume, CFS plus ICD, stood at 723,035 TEUs, 
reflecting a growth of 6% year-on-year. Revenue for the period stood at INR821 crores, 
reflecting a year-on-year growth of 8%. EBITDA stood at INR162 crores, registering a growth 
of 26%. Net profit for FY26 was INR44 crores, marking a growth of 46%. 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
First question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi with Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I wanted to understand regarding our Farrukhnagar terminal that is coming out in FY27. 
And you mentioned that our capacity would be closer to 40% in our investor presentation versus 
the addressable market there. So I'm trying to understand, sir, how should I look at the volume? 
Because we are mentioning that after FY '30, it will be a 70% utilization. So why is this ramp-
up slower than expected? Is it because the DFC volumes have not come in or -- if you could help 
us understand the volume ramp-up at this facility? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So at this stage, the volume estimates that we are doing there is based upon our understanding 
of the market. So to that extent, kindly consider this as a conservative estimate based upon the 
current market conditions that we are studying. Closer to launch, I think we can -- we will 
definitely look at reviewing the numbers that we have shared. And it's a good 1 year away. So 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
we have just started work on the facility, the PFT now, and there is 3, 4 quarters to go through. 
So kindly await future guidance on that. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, is there any other competing facility coming out with a new -- is there any new 
ICD coming out similar to us in that location over the maybe next 1 or 2 or 3 years? 
Suresh Kumar: 
No. In our information, we don't have any. If there's something that you are familiar with, kindly 
share. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Right. Sir, also, I wanted to understand, in our cash flow statement, sir, there is no payment on 
lease liability -- interest related to lease liability. So what was the number for the whole year, if 
you could help us with that? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So in the cash flow statement, you can find it is lease payments principal INR40 crores, you can 
find in your financing activity. And you can also see interest on lease payment, INR38 crores as 
a part of financing. So both this together is INR78 crores. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay. INR38 crores is the interest on lease payments. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes, yes. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. Got it. Sir, just a final, sir, what would be your capital allocation policy towards either 
dividend or buyback going forward, if you could help us with that? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So we are a growing company. There are multiple projects which are aligned. Recently, we also 
raised equity by way of private placement and also the rights issue. So we are conserving capital 
right now, and dividends and buyback that all has to be considered. We'll consider that at an 
appropriate time. Currently, the focus is to execute the projects and maintain capital adequacy 
for that purpose. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Sir, just a final question from my side. Sir, the JNPT extension for the 10 years that we 
have received, sir, is there a possibility of us increasing our throughput capacity there as well? 
Or that is just a time extension that we have received, there will be no capacity extension as such 
at that facility? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. So with regard to the contract extension, it's the same facility for which we have got an 
extension. However, there are ongoing and planned upgrade work that we will do at the facility, 
which will help us utilize the available area and the facility much better. So in terms of 
throughput, given the fact that this is the second facility that we have, Speedy Multimodes, that's 
the name of the facility, being closer to the port, we expect once the upgradation activities are 
completed, say, by Q3 of this year, we will be able to increase capacity utilization and therefore, 
throughput should also increase compared to how it was pre-renewal of the contract. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, on the overall capacity, is there a possibility of increase there or no? 
Suresh Kumar: 
No, the facility size remains the same. It's a question of how we will utilize that, because there 
are portions of the yard where we are upgrading. And therefore, we will be able to use them 
better. And the warehouses also, I think we are upgrading them as part of the plan that we have 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
over the next 2, 3 quarters. Given the fact that we have a 10-year visibility now, whatever we 
have kind of not done over the last couple of years, in partnership with JNPA, and with their 
guidance, we will ensure that the facility is upgraded. That will release additional capacity. 
That's what I was pointing to. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. Got it. And sir, are we still on track for the 1 million TEU guidance for FY28? Or that 
might go a year -- that could delay by a year? 
Suresh Kumar: 
As of now, we are on course. And as per the 3-year plan, if we were to look at the volumes that 
we have achieved in the last financial year and what we are targeting for the next year are all as 
part of the 3-year ambition that we have shared. So we are on course to achieve the 1 million 
laden TEU number in FY28. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Right. Sir, just a final question and then I'll get back in the queue. Sir, EBITDA per TEU has 
improved from -- if I look at the overall year, it was closer to INR2,200. And if I look at our Q4, 
it was closer to INR2,400 - INR2,500. So at what trajectory should we expect this going forward? 
Can we expect to maintain this INR2,400, INR2,500 level going forward? Or was there a 
seasonality in Q4? 
Suresh Kumar: 
No, I think over the last multiple calls, some of them, I'm sure you have attended, we have 
pointed out the upward trajectory that we have been maintaining on EBITDA per TEU. We used 
to be around INR1,700, INR1,800 six quarters back. And our targeted EBITDA per TEU is in 
the range of INR2,200 to INR2,300. So we are happy where we are, and we expect to maintain 
it at this level going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepak Karwa, an Individual Investor. 
Deepak Karwa: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers, sir. On Slide 16, can you tell me more about the vision 
for 2030? And what will be the strategy should we use to grow our volumes? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So this is the aspiration that we have, which the earlier speaker had also asked. So 1 million 
TEUs by 2030 is the aspiration that we have with regard to volumes. And the foundational blocks 
for that has been laid substantially with the expansion and the renewal of contracts that we have 
done last year. And then we also have the upcoming project of the PFT-ICD in Farrukhnagar. 
These are key elements which will enhance our capacity. 
 
So if you have to recall, last year, at the same time, we had a capacity close to 8.3 lakh TEUs. 
This includes the Dadri facility. We have, during the course of last year, built up this capacity to 
1 million laden TEUs. And with Farrukhnagar coming up, there will be an additional capacity 
addition of about 1.2 lakhs, which will happen in Farrukhnagar in a phased manner. 
 
Apart from this, we are also actively looking at enhancing capacity in Chennai, which is a very 
important market for us, and we have been present there for many years with one facility. Like 
in the other key ports of Mundra and JNPT, where we have 2 facilities each, we would like to 
expand capacity in Chennai also. So our capacity ambition by FY 2030 would be in the range of 
around 12.5 lakh to 13 lakh laden TEUs. 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
And with the capacity utilization close to 80%, we will be able to achieve the targeted 1 million 
TEUs. That will flow through into revenue and EBITDA and scale efficiencies will come in. 
And the EBITDA aspirations and the revenue aspirations are in line with the volume growth that 
we envisage. The other point to note is, this is also on the back of expected market growth, which 
is in the range of 5% to 6% annually, which we will participate in. 
 
So in summary, it's a combination of the India growth story, in which volumes on EXIM trade 
containerization is expected to improve at 5% to 6%, our own capacity buildup that we have 
done, the good trajectory that we have had in EBITDA per TEU and margins and profitability 
to continue. And therefore, we are well poised to achieve the 2030 aspiration that we have shared 
with you in the investor deck. Does that answer your question? 
Deepak Karwa: 
Understood, sir. And when we can expect our Chennai facility? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So I look forward to sharing this in the coming investor calls. I would not want to make a 
comment on this today. But there is active work as an organization that we are doing to enhance 
capacity there. 
Deepak Karwa: 
Okay. And sir, can we talk more about the key growth drivers for the CFS space? What's our 
current market share and how can we grow further into that? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So as an industry watcher, I'm sure you understand that there is a certain amount of EXIM trade 
which happens in the country linked to the GDP growth of the country, which is 6%-6.5%. 
EXIM trade normally mirrors the GDP growth of the country. And out of the containers and the 
port volume which comes in, there is a certain percentage of them which becomes the 
addressable volumes for CFSs. 
 
This number varies across ports, so it could be in the range of 27%, 28% in some ports, around 
40% in other ports. Overall, in the ports that we are present, this averages around 27% to 28%. 
We expect this number to continue to remain like that. 
 
Every port in the country has ambitions for growing volumes. And if you were to look at JNPA 
or Mundra, they have indicated the ambitions that they have. So that reflects the overall growth 
story with regard to volumes. And out of the addressable volumes which come into India, we 
are well positioned with 2 terminals -- 2 CFSs each in the 2 large ports of Mundra and JNPT. 
And overall, the facilities that we have of 7, we are present in ports which address about 80%- 
85% of India's EXIM trade. 
 
Our estimated market share at this point in time, this is an estimated number, on the CFS side 
would be in the range of 10% to 12%. We don't have published numbers, and therefore, this is a 
caveat. This is based upon a best estimate that we have. And we have constantly held on to that 
share over the past few years. With the growth that I've spoken about in the containerized trade, 
with the capacity that we have, and if we maintain our market shares in the range that we have 
maintained, then we are confident of achieving the growth numbers that we have talked about. 
 
Along with this, for profitability growth, which you have seen, there are a lot of initiatives that 
we have taken, one with regard to the operational excellence that we are committed to whether 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
it is digitalization, whether it is the myCFS app that we have launched to kind of ease the whole 
process for a customer. 
 
There are targeted investments that we have done with regard to technology, and also now the 
yard management systems and various other things with regard to operational efficiency, 
upgradation of the reach stackers and the other equipment that we use, which yields better fuel 
efficiency. These are all things that we have done, or some of them are in progress, which have 
contributed to the steady improvement in profitability. 
 
So a combination of the volume growth that we have talked about and the drivers around 
capacity, operational excellence, wherever technology permits us to deliver better operational 
parameters, we do that. This is what are the key drivers that we envisage will take us to our 
aspiration of 2030. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gaatha Jain, please go ahead. 
Gaatha Jain: 
I just wanted an update on the capacity expansion that you were doing? And what sort of capex 
plan do you have for this financial year? 
Suresh Kumar: 
I'll request Pritam to share this. Thank you for your question, Gaatha. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Thank you for the question. So as we have mentioned in our investors presentation, overall, we 
are looking for INR400 crores capex spend for various expansion projects we are talking about. 
In this year, there is Speedy upgradation thing, which is coming. For overall Farrukhnagar 
project, we have allocated a capex spend of INR226 crores. 
 
And part of that would come into this year, as we have said that the PFT construction has already 
been started, plus there has been an MOU, which is already entered with our group company. 
So for Farrukhnagar project, INR226 crores capex -- INR200-plus crores capex, which we have 
budgeted. Certain part of that would accrue in current year and certain part of that would accrue... 
Gaatha Jain: 
Excuse me, sir, I'm sorry to interrupt, but you're not audible. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Sorry, my bad. So, am I audible now? 
Gaatha Jain: 
Yes, yes. This is much better. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes. So what I was saying is, we are planning an upgradation of JNPT Speedy facility. That 
would be an outflow of around INR20 crores. In terms of Farrukhnagar project, there is a capex 
outlay of overall INR200 crores plus, and certain part of that outlay will happen in current 
financial year. So these are the two major projects which we are looking to finance in this 
financial year, apart from the regular maintenance capex which we are doing. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashok Shah from Eklavya Invesco Family Office. 
Ashok Shah: 
Sir, we have last year paid INR58 crores as interest charges, and we had raised around INR80 
crores from rights issue and INR38 crores from other. And we have further CapEx. So how we 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
are going to finance over the next 1 or 2 years? And what will be debt increase or what will be 
debt repayment do we have a plan for? 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes. So in our investors deck, we have mentioned that for various projects which we have been 
talking about, there is a capex outlay of INR400 crores, which we are estimating. We have 
existing investments in our balance sheet, which we are holding on. It is close to INR45 crores, 
which we are having. 
 
The existing business of the company continues to generate strong cash flow to the tune of 
INR80 crores to INR90 crores every year. Apart from that, as you have told, we have raised 
equity and only part of that equity we have called as of now. So that additional equity would 
also be used for financing our capex. 
 
So together with existing cash flow, the future cash flow and the equity, we are looking to raise 
INR300 crores for the project financing. Balance amount would be bridged through bank 
financing, external financing. But in our estimate, it would be restricted to somewhere around 
INR100 crores and which, for the company of our size, we can absorb. As of now, company 
doesn't have any debt on its balance sheet, and the company is debt free. I hope this clarifies 
your question. Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, the current participant has been disconnected. We move to the next question. It's from 
the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
The INR400 crores capex that you mentioned, INR20 crores was for JNPT, INR200 crores was 
for Farrukhnagar, and the rest INR180 crores is towards? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So we are planning an expansion in Mundra. For that, we have allocated certain amount. And 
we have also considered Chennai project expansion. The balance amount is allocated towards 
Chennai. So apart from Farrukhnagar & Speedy upgradation, Chennai and Mundra, these are the 
2 projects which we have as a part of our 3 years plan. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, so the expansion that we are planning, so the investor presentation deck that we 
have given that 1.35 million TEUs, this doesn't include the expansion that we are planning as of 
now, whatever the incremental volumes would be, that would be different? Or those are 
considering the expansions that are planned at Mundra and Chennai? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So this considers the expansion plans in these places. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. And sir, lease liabilities have -- I understand because of all these capex. So is it fair to 
assume that this is the peak lease liability number in our balance sheet that we can expect? So is 
that a fair understanding? And what would be the lease outgo at these -- it would be closer to 
INR90 crores to INR100 crores for next year going forward? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So yes, all our lease extensions have happened. CWC Mundra has happened. JNPT lease 
extension has happened. Also, the extension at ATL-JNPT facility is done. So this is the quarter 
in which we have all our lease liabilities which are coming in. So as of now, there is no new 
lease contract which is coming in. And the only regular increments, the contractual increments 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
would be part of future increase. So yes, correct to say that as of now, all the lease liabilities and 
outgo have been factored. And future, based on this existing position, the outgo for the year 
would be in the range of INR95 crores to INR100 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sonal with Prescient Capital. 
Sonal Minhas: 
This is Sonal Minhas. I hope I'm audible. 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes, you're audible, Sonal. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Just wanted to understand the plan that you've laid out for 2030. The current realization per TEU, 
basically, we're assuming some gain from there as we grow from the current capacity to the 1.3 
million that we've spoken about. So just wanted to understand what are the key drivers for 
improvement of realization in that, if you could explain that? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. So if you were to look at the buildup and the capacity, we were at about 8.3 lakhs. In that, 
some of the portions have been completed, which have been indicated in green in the deck. Yes, 
we have the balance facilities to come up. So we have currently 6 CFSs, and we have got an ICD 
at Dadri, which is a joint venture that we have with CONCOR. In future, we will have a rail-
linked ICD in Farrukhnagar, and the margin profile in that location would be different from the 
existing facility. So that will add to the numbers that you're seeing, the realization and the 
profitability numbers for the balance portion of the 5-year plan. 
 
The other thing which will come into play is also the scale efficiencies, which we believe should 
help us in places where we have expanded capacity like in JNPT and the plans that we have in 
Mundra. So it is a combination of efficiencies due to capacity that we have built up, better 
capacity utilization as we go through the next 2 to 3 years, and the addition of a rail-linked ICD 
to our portfolio. This is what will help us maintain the trajectory and then accelerate as we go 
towards the FY 2030 ambition. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is with regard to the debt that we see on the books. As 
we hit this peak capacity by 2030, is it fair to assume the borrowings will remain in the same 
range, around INR750 crores to INR800 crores, INR900 crores range? Or we will start seeing 
debt repayment during the next 4 years? 
Pritam Vartak: 
Just want to clarify here first. The borrowings which you see in the balance sheet, these are not 
actual external borrowings. These are lease contracts, which are accounted as per Ind AS in the 
form of ROU assets and ROU liabilities. So while you see the borrowings in liability side, 
similarly, you can see the ROU assets in the asset side, which, to a large extent, knock off against 
each other. So that's point one. 
 
As I said before, the lease liabilities, we are at present, considering the existing business, all the 
lease liabilities have been accounted now. So even this number will not go up, it will come down 
as we account for the depreciation on the ROU assets and the interest and the lease payouts 
happen quarter-on-quarter. To clarify, in terms of external debt, company doesn't have any debt 
on its balance sheet and the company as of date is debt-free. 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ashok Shah. Sir you may proceed. 
Ashok Shah: 
My phone got disconnected. So just now you replied that there is no actual borrowing. So what 
does this INR58 crores finance cost consist of? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So finance cost consists of interest part, which is in-built into your lease payments. So as per Ind 
AS accounting standard, the lease payments are typically classified into 2 buckets: one is the 
depreciation and the other is interest. So certain part of that is being treated as interest and certain 
part of that is being treated as depreciation. 
 
In current year, we had an external debt, which we had taken for certain acquisitions in the past. 
So the small part of that overall INR58 crores is the debt which we have paid to -- is an interest 
component which we have paid to NBFC. By year-end, that debt was fully repaid. And going 
forward, we will not have that interest. However, lease-related interest outgo will continue to be 
there in our P&L as per the Ind AS accounting standard. 
Ashok Shah: 
What would be lease-related interest cost in account every year? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So it is Ind AS 116, which we have to refer to. The lease payouts are considered as an obligation 
and your lease payments over a period of lease lives have actually been capitalized. And against 
that, an ROU liability, right-to-use liability is created. That's why in our balance sheet, you can 
see INR700 crores of ROU liability, which is shown under borrowing, and a similar amount is 
being shown as ROU asset. 
 
So these 2 balance sheet items actually knock off each other to a large extent. And these are not 
actual assets -- these are not actual borrowings, but this is something which all the listed 
companies have to follow being part of Ind AS 116. 
Ashok Shah: 
So this goes to the P&L account or just accounting entry? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So it goes through a P&L. However, the lease payments, a certain portion of lease payments gets 
classified under finance cost and a certain portion gets classified under depreciation. 
Ashok Shah: 
So every year, around INR50 crores will be debited like this? 
Pritam Vartak: 
It will be reduced because the actual debt on which the interest payout is supposed to be there, 
that will not be there going forward in the next year. However, interest-related payouts would 
continue to get reported under finance cost. 
Ashok Shah: 
And are there any further plans to raise funds? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So we have already raised fund INR120 crores. However, only first tranche of that fundraise has 
been called. As the projects go live and the requirements are there, we will make subsequent 
calls. So, around INR80 crores is yet to be called on totality of rights issue and the private 
placement, which will happen in the current year. Apart from that, there is no additional equity, 
which we are planning right now, considering the projects which are in pipeline. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Purav Shah, an Individual Investor. 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Purav Shah: 
Am I audible? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes, you're audible, Purav. Please go on. 
Purav Shah: 
I'll just pose my topics. I have 2 topics of conversation. First, how is the construction progressing 
at the PFT-ICD at Farrukhnagar? And when will this be fully completed? And what kind of top 
line growth can we expect from this project? And my second topic would be on the lines of 
EBITDA margin. What led to such a strong 21% EBITDA margin, sir? And can we expect this 
to be a benchmark going forward in the coming quarters? 
Pritam Vartak: 
So in terms of EBITDA margin, I will say that throughout the year, we are at around 19%- 20% 
EBITDA level. So I will not talk much about quarter-on-quarter variations. And also the number 
which we very closely track is EBITDA per TEU. We have been maintaining that at around 
INR2,300, INR2,400 level. With the existing expansions and the additional capacity which is 
available, we want to maintain that at a similar level, and maybe slightly improve that once the 
volume goes up. So that is where our endeavor would be. 
 
The Farrukhnagar project, which we are talking about, will have a rail business as well. So the 
realization per TEU in Farrukhnagar would be higher as compared to our existing business. And 
that would form like 20%, 25% of my overall business once that is fully live. So that would give 
a substantial increase in my EBITDA per TEU level. 
 
If you look at my 2030 projections, which is part of our investors deck, from existing INR2,300, 
INR2,400 level per TEU, we are looking to go up to INR2,800 level. So all the efforts which we 
are putting in, in terms of maximizing our capacity and the new projects, we plan to reach at the 
level which we have mentioned in our 2030 growth plan around INR2,800 level. That's what we 
will push for. 
Suresh Kumar: 
And just to complete the answer with regard to the question on time lines, it is in January of this 
year that we started construction. The groundbreaking ceremony was held in January. As you 
would know that this is being done through group companies, and the time line for the PFT 
completion is April 2027 and the ICD completion, maybe another 2 quarters after that. So that's 
what the plan is. 
Purav Shah: 
Okay. And sir, can you just share some light on what led to such growth in Q4 of EBITDA 
margin? 
Pritam Vartak: 
In Q4, there has been a certain reduction in terms of other expenses, which has been there. And 
this is driven by operational efficiency. Some of these expenses would come back and that's why 
I'm saying, instead of looking at the overall quarterly results, I think you should look at the 
quarter-on-quarter performance where the EBITDA has been steadily maintained at around 
INR2,400 level. So that is where we want to maintain going forward. 
Suresh Kumar: 
So just to complement Pritam's response, what I would like to add is, the EBITDA margins, as 
you would understand, flow from the kind of commodity profile and the revenue that we end up 
getting. There are multiple factors which come into play, the kind of commodity, the ratio 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
between the 20 and 40 containers, 20 and 40 feet TEUs that we do, and then the over dimension 
cargo which comes in. 
 
Plus there is also the occasional spike that we get through auctions of long-standing cargo. So a 
quarter, if you are to see a bigger jump, some of these factors would have all come together is 
what I would leave with you as somebody who watches how the performance is. Does that 
clarify? 
 
But the steady-state number is what Pritam had said. What we would like to be is in the range 
of INR2,200 to INR2,400. Quarterly variations are on account of some of these factors. Kindly 
keep an eye on how the trend is and the multiple quarter number is a better indicator. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vikram Suryavanshi from PhillipCapital. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Sorry for joining the call a bit late in case some questions might be repetitive. So in terms of 
overall volume what we handle at CFS or ICD, how much would be our share of first mile or 
last mile, and how opportunity further could be there or any plans to capture that market 
incrementally going forward? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Thank you, Vikram, and just asking how you are. And in terms of what you asked, first mile and 
what do we do with that, the kind of numbers which come in. So I would kind of point to a 
surrogate indicator with regard to the DPD and the DPD-DPD cargo and the other cargo which 
comes in. So that will give you a kind of indication of where the cargo is kind of headed for. 
 
So as you know, say, for example, in JNPT, the percentage of DPD containers are close to about 
70%-80%. But then after clearance, they come in into our CFSs, which means that they are kind 
of meant for locations which are not in the immediate vicinity, could be in the 300, 400-kilometer 
kind of a range. 
 
And there are opportunities for us to participate in a bit of transportation assistance that we can 
give for customers. There is also value addition in the form of destuffing and unbundling of 
cargo that can be done. So some of these opportunities, we already tap into, but we have not 
factored this into our revenue planning, because we would remain focused on the CFS 
operations. And wherever there are opportunities in terms of assisting customers by providing 
integrated services, we kind of point that out to the other companies in the Allcargo Group. 
 
So, for example, there is a certain amount of cargo, which comes into our CFS because of the 
FCL/LCL businesses of the Allcargo Group. Similarly, we have got Allcargo Logistics, 
erstwhile Gati, which is also part of our group, which is capable of these kind of transportation. 
So we kind of point these customers to those businesses, so that for a customer, it is like dealing 
with the overall Allcargo Group. 
 
But specifically with regard to Allcargo Terminals participating in this, we have not taken a 
position on that. There could also be opportunities for adjacent warehousing, which come up 
3PL support. And you know that these are all part of the Allcargo logistics suite of products. So 
we leave it to them to handle that. 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Understood. And in terms of what we saw during COVID, the trade disturbance and disturbance 
in shipping lines schedules also helped CFS players to earn more on the ground rent. So are we 
seeing such kind of opportunities emerging currently in terms of better margins from the ground 
rent kind of scenario with this trade disturbance? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Yes. Vikram, your memory is very sharp, as always. And what you referred to is the 
extraordinary ground rent which had come in, because it was a very disrupted kind of supply 
chain operations at that point in time. And then in the interest of everyone, it's good that the 
supply chains keep working very well, and we support it in a manner in which it is positive for 
the customer. 
 
So in terms of ground rent, the last year has seen a strengthening of ground rent, but not because 
of disruptions. It's simply because of what we believe is the commodity pricing changes which 
keep happening and the fluctuations in international freight. These are factors which kind of 
contribute to customers upstocking and therefore, keeping a larger amount of -- giving us a larger 
amount of dwell time. 
 
So last year, we had, in some quarters, better ground rent realization than in the others. And we 
have factored those seasonality things as we build our plans for the future. But largely, we are 
happy with regard to throughput. And if there is a larger amount of throughput which happens, 
it will help us. Ground rent -- as again, you are a very keen watcher of this industry, from a 
significant portion of the CFS revenues, I think the ground rent percentages have progressively 
come down. And therefore, there are other lines of revenue that we make our business model 
on. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Got it. And any idea within industry body that when commercial operation on JNPT DFCC can 
start? 
Suresh Kumar: 
It is very close to commercial operations is the latest update that we have. I wouldn't have a 
specific date for that, Vikram. 
Vikram Suryavanshi: 
Okay. And are they also setting -- JNPT is also, I think, for a long time been -- SEZ development 
has been in process. So, any help is coming for CFS business from the SEZ, or it won't be much 
play for CFS guys from the SEZ development? 
Suresh Kumar: 
No, I think the ecosystem in JNPT becoming stronger helps the EXIM trade, and we welcome 
all actions and JNPA has been quite proactive on various fronts. There are some things which 
obviously in a collaborative manner that we have to do with JNPA. But having said that, JNPA 
is one of the progressive port authorities that we have in the country. 
 
They balance what is required in terms of all the stakeholders. Definitely, what we do needs to 
benefit the customers. And there are opportunities which can come in. There is expansion of 
SEZ, there is a plan for dedicated areas. So all these things we will closely watch. 
 
And then we are well positioned. So as one of the key stakeholders in the JNPA ecosystem, our 
views are sought, and we kind of do all that is required to make ease of doing business for the 
importer and also to ensure that operationally, the ports function at a very smart level. 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
Having said that, there are occasional periods in which you have disruptions due to external 
reasons. We are passing through one of them currently because of a bit of terminal congestion, 
shortage of transport fleet. But these are seasonal, which we build it into our business plan, and 
we are confident of addressing them as we go ahead. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kiran Gadge with Knightstone Capital Management. 
Kiran Gadge: 
So due to DFC connectivity, you will see throughput increase due to faster turnaround time. So 
the cargo handling and transportation revenue will increase. So how much revenue does the 
company earn from handling the cargo versus warehousing the cargo at CFS? 
Suresh Kumar: 
So I think the DFCC estimates let it play out. So we will talk about that once those aspects really 
fall in place. But the second part of your question with regard to what percentage of our revenues 
come from handling warehousing, also linked to the earlier question, which Vikram had asked. 
 
I think over a period of time, ground rent as a percentage of CFS revenues have progressively 
come down. And that is currently running at close to a 20% level in terms of what the ground 
rent realizations that we have. 
 
And then there is the rest of the work that we do with regard to transport handling, the value-
added work that we do, and the bond income that we have and then there are the auctions. So 
that's the overall revenue pie if you were to look at for a CFS. And ground rent over a period of 
time has progressively reduced. Does that give you clarity on what you were asking, Kiran? 
Kiran Gadge: 
Yes, yes. Okay. And like would it lead to increase of realization per TEU, due to the... 
Suresh Kumar: 
I think -- yes, more throughput is good given the fact that it's not a solely ground rent-driven 
business that we have, right? So there is handling and transportation, which are significant 
chunks. And then there is also the destuffing, stuffing and the value-added work that we do. 
 
So our business from only being around ground rent has evolved into something more than that, 
in which we offer value-added services. And therefore, the throughput growth is something that 
we welcome. And we have seen throughput in the ports increasing at a steady clip. JNPA last 
year had grown at about 7%-7.5%. And we have also seen that helps in building our revenue 
profile in the market. 
Kiran Gadge: 
Okay. So would it increase the realization? 
Suresh Kumar: 
Realizations, I've told you right, in terms of where we are currently EBITDA per TEU levels, 
which are quite healthy numbers. And we also operate in a competitive space. So we can't kind 
of push that beyond a level. And therefore, in our modeling and the future that we have planned, 
we will be happy to maintain our EBITDA per TEU at the levels that we currently are, which is 
about INR2,300 to INR2,400. And whenever the Farrukhnagar project happens, that will give 
us a fillip in the realizations. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Suresh Kumar for closing comments. 

Allcargo Terminals Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Suresh Kumar: 
So, thank you. Thank you, everyone, for the range of questions that you have shared with us. It 
only tells us the keen interest with which you're watching the company's performance. I wish to 
assure you that we are well on course to achieve the 2030 ambition that we have set for ourselves. 
 
It's been a strong quarter, and it's been a strong year that we have had basis the strategic plans 
that we have drawn out. I look forward to coming and talking to you in the coming quarters and 
sharing with you the progress that we achieved on the strategic priorities. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Allcargo Terminals Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
