Regd. Office: 
‘SAURABH’, Chittora Road, Diggi-Malpura Road 
Tehsil: Phagi, JAIPUR- 303 904, Raj. (INDIA) 
Phone: +91-141-2623266, 2622697  FAX  : +91-141-2621491 
Email: companysecretary@gravitaindia.com 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
GRAVITA INDIA LTD. 
Corp. Office : Gravita Tower, A-27 B, Shanti Path, 
Tilak Nagar, JAIPUR-302004, Rajasthan (INDIA) 
Phone: +91-141-2623266, 2622697  FAX  : +91-141-2621491 
Web  : www.gravitaindia.com  
CIN:- L29308RJ1992PLC006870 
 
11th May, 2026 
GIL/2026-27/15 
 
To, 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended March 31st, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of the earnings conference call for the Quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 held on May 8th, 2026 for 
your information and records.  
The above information is also available on the website of Company: 
https://www.gravitaindia.com/investors/financial-details  
This is for your kind information and records.  
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Gravita India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nitin Gupta 
(Company Secretary) 
FCS: 9984 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
The BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Fax No.: 022-22721919 
Scrip Code- 533282 
The Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex,  
Bandra(east) Mumbai- 400 051 
Fax No.: 022-2659 8120 
Company Code- GRAVITA 
Nitin 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Nitin Gupta 
Date: 2026.05.11 
11:25:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
Gravita India Limited 4Q & FY26 Earning’s 
Conference Call 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YOGESH MALHOTRA - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, GRAVITA INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL KANSAL - WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, GRAVITA INDIA LIMITED 
MR. NAVEEN SHARMA - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
GRAVITA INDIA LIMITED* 
MR. ANANT JAIN - INVESTOR RELATIONS, GRAVITA 
INDIA LIMITED 
*NON-BOARD MEMBER 
 
MODERATORS: MR. RIJU DALUI - ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Gravita India Limited’s 4Q & FY ‘26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Antique Stock Broking. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Riju Dalui from Antique Stock Broking. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Riju Dalui: 
Thank you, Rituja. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants on the Q4 & FY ‘26 Earnings Call of Gravita India. 
We have with us from the Management side, Mr. Yogesh Malhotra – Whole-Time Director and 
CEO; Mr. Sunil Kansal – Whole-Time Director and CFO; Mr. Naveen Sharma – Executive 
Director and Mr. Anand Jain – Investor Relation on the call. 
Without any delay, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Malhotra for his opening remarks, 
post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Thank you, Mr. Riju. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our Q4 & FY ‘26 Earnings 
Call. I hope you have had an opportunity to review the Earnings Presentation and Financial 
Results uploaded on the Stock Exchanges. 
I will walk you through the key strategic updates, operational progress and financial 
performance, followed by Q&A session. 
I am pleased to share that Gravita ended FY ‘26 on a strong note, continuing towards its growth 
trajectory. Over FY ‘21-FY ‘26, the Company delivered a strong five-year CAGR in revenue, 
EBITDA and PAT of 25%, 49% and 31% respectively reflecting consistent operational and 
financial performance. 
Despite macroeconomic uncertainties and elevated logistic costs arising from geopolitical 
conflicts, Gravita demonstrated resilient performance driven by disciplined risk management, 
agile execution and strong operational capabilities. 
Before discussing financial performance in detail, I would like first to highlight the key 
strategic developments that continue to shape and strengthen our growth journey: 
Our expansion program is progressing broadly as planned, with total install capacity now at 
about 4.57 lakh metric ton per annum. We continue to work towards our medium-term target of 
scaling this up to over 8 lakh metric per annum by FY ‘29, in line with our focus on building a 
larger and more diversified recycling platform. In Feb 2026, Gravita expanded its lead recycling 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
capacity at Mundra by 80,300 metric ton per annum, taking the total capacity to 145,100 metric 
ton per annum. 
The Company invested INR 49 crore towards procurement and commissioning of the plant, 
funded through internal accruals. The expanded capacity is expected to enhance operational 
efficiencies, optimize logistics and strengthen service capability for key export markets located 
strategically near the port. The Mundra facility continues to offer significant advantages in raw 
material sourcing and global market access, further reinforcing Gravita’s commitment to 
sustainable growth and the circular economy. 
As part of its diversification strategy, Gravita commissioned a 6,000 metric ton per annum pilot 
lithium-ion battery recycling facility at Mundra in January 2026, with an investment of INR 14 
crore funded through internal accruals. The facility is expected to scale up gradually as 
operations stabilize. 
Backed by advanced recycling technology, the plant will ensure safe and sustainable recycling 
of lithium-ion batteries, minimize environmental impact and conserve valuable resources, while 
strengthening Gravita’s presence in the emerging EV battery recycling segment. 
I am pleased to share that Gravita has entered the copper segment through the acquisition of 
99.44% stake in Rashtriya Metal Industries Limited for INR 560 crores, marking a strategic 
diversification beyond its core lead business. RML operates an integrated manufacturing facility 
in Gujarat with a capacity of 31,200 metric ton per annum and derives 40% of its revenue from 
exports to key markets including the UAE, USA, Thailand, Sri Lanka, Kenya, Indonesia, Oman 
and Saudi Arabia. The acquisition strengthens Gravita’s non-lead portfolio, enhances backward 
integration capabilities and unlocks synergies across procurement, logistics and sales, while 
expanding its presence in high growth electrical automotive and other value-added copper alloy 
segments. 
The Company plans to establish a copper recycling facility in Mandvi, Gujarat with an initial 
capacity of 29,400 metric ton per annum in Phase 1 by incurring a capex of INR 160 crores 
approximately. The facility is expected to strengthen backward integration, enhance operational 
efficiency and support margin expansion in the copper segment. Commercial operations are 
expected to commence within the next 12 months. The commissioning of plant will be funded 
through internal accruals. 
On the investment side, we have earmarked a total CAPEX of INR 1,700 crores through FY ‘29. 
Of this INR 815 crores is being deployed towards strengthening and expanding our existing 
businesses while the balance will support entry into new recycling verticals such as lithium-ion, 
copper and steel. During FY ‘26, we incurred a CAPEX of INR 372 crores. Gravita has been 
assigned an ESG rating of 65 by NSC Sustainability Ratings and Analytics Limited reflecting 
the Company’s strong commitment towards sustainable business practices, responsible growth 
and long-term value creation. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
Coming to operational performance: 
In FY ‘26 total volume increased by 5% to 56,208 metric ton per annum. The lead segment 
reported growth in sales of 7% to 48,889 metric ton per annum driven by capacity additions and 
stabilization. On a quarterly basis, sales witnessed an increasing trend. On the other hand, the 
aluminum segment witnessed a declining trend in FY ‘26 as well as on a quarterly basis, 
primarily due to the inability to hedge and a selective sales strategy. The volumes are expected 
to pick up once the hedging mechanism is live on MCX. 
Due to tightening government regulations and the ongoing transition from informal to formal 
sector, the industry is undergoing supply chain formalization and enhanced compliance lead 
sourcing in FY ‘26.  
FY26 EBITDA per ton for lead, plastic and aluminum stood at INR 23,043 and INR 16,043 and 
INR 12,328 respectively. 
Moving to the consolidated financial results for FY ‘26: 
Revenue stood at INR 4,265 crores reflecting a Y-on-Y growth of 10% driven by increased 
capacity utilization and operational efficiencies. Value-added products contributed 42% to the 
overall revenue demonstrating steady progress towards Vision 2029 where the target is a 50% 
contribution from such offerings. 
Adjusted consolidated EBITDA for FY ‘26 stood at INR 452.48 crores reflecting a growth of 
12% year-on-year with margins remaining healthy at 10.6%. Consolidated PAT came at INR 
378.80 crores registering a year-on-year growth of 21% with PAT margins at 8.88%. 
Coming to the consolidated quarterly performance: 
Revenue grew by 13% year-on-year and 15% quarter-on-quarter to INR 1,172.76 crores. 
Adjusted EBITDA stood at INR 112.91 crores reflecting a growth of 4% year-on-year with 
margins remaining strong at 9.63% plus supported by operating efficiencies and an improved 
mix. PAT for the quarter came in at INR 91.88 crores with PAT margins remaining healthy at 
over 7.83%. 
Gravita is steadily progressing towards its Vision 2030 with a clear focus on scaling its core 
businesses and expanding into emerging segments such as copper, lithium-ion, rubber and steel 
recycling. Backed by over three decades of recycling expertise, 14 eco-conscious manufacturing 
facilities, presence across 70 plus countries, strong stakeholder support and robust capacity 
expansion plans, Gravita remains well positioned for sustainable long-term growth driven by 
diversification, operational efficiencies and value-added products. 
That’s all from my end. I would now request to open the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank 
and over to you, moderator. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Akhilesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, my first question is on the CAPEX. So, our earlier 
CAPEX guidance was of around INR 1,200 crores over FY 2026-2028. Now, since we have 
done RML acquisition and further expanding our recycling capacity. So, there, what is our plan 
now? Are we planning to rationalize some of our net capacity expansion or how it is going to be 
because of this? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, 5-year CAPEX was not including the copper part which is now being added. So, that is one 
which is making us look at CAPEX in next 4 years. So, instead of INR 1,200 crores we are 
planning to have bigger capacity specially in copper. So, we are adding copper and as we already 
mentioned that we recently announced the capacity of 30,000 plants in copper which was not 
there earlier. So, we are very bullish on this part because we already acquired a Company in 
value-added products in copper. So, now the copper will be the bigger part of this CAPEX plan 
in next 4 years. So, there is a reason we are increasing the capacity expansion and CAPEX plans 
for next 4 years, which is from INR 1,200 crores to INR 1,700 crores. 
Akhilesh: 
But, sir, because of this CAPEX, are lead capacity going to get rationalized? I mean is there any 
change in expansion of lead capacity as such? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
No, we are not changing the capacity of lead. So, lead capacity will be as per plan because earlier 
the plan was to take this capacity to 700,000 tons but now we are taking it to 800,000 tons. So, 
the additional capacity is coming up in copper which is taking up more capacity. 
Akhilesh: 
Can we get the commissioning timeline of that 45,000 tons of lead capacity addition which was 
about to happen in Q4 itself? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
It is going to happen in this Q1 only in Jaipur. 
Akhilesh: 
Any estimated timeline like end of Q1 or something? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, we have already installed the capacities. We are just waiting for the government approvals 
which can come anywhere probably in the first half of this quarter only. 
Akhilesh: 
Okay. And sir, my last question. What is the cause of the decline in absolute EBITDA in Q4 
despite the copper segment addition in the baseline revenue and EBITDA both? And how do we 
see the impact of West Asia in Q1 also? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, copper did not have any impact in Q4 in the sense that we only took it over in March itself. 
So, only a very small impact in the EBITDA came from copper, miniscule part came from 
copper. But as far as the overall EBITDA reduction is concerned, I mean a lot of our material 
goes to the Middle East, around 10% to 12% of the total sales and most of these products that 
we sell to the Middle East are value-added products. So, because of this disruption, we could not 
sell that material to Middle East and therefore the value-added content or value-added products 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
that we used to sell went down and therefore the EBITDA per ton also came down to some 
extent. And also, the inward logistic cost went up and therefore the overall material cost has also 
gone up. So, that has also impacted to some extent the EBITDA margins. 
Akhilesh: 
There is a small follow-up on this itself. Now, since West Asia War is still going on, so how do 
we see our Q1 margins to look like? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
See, in the short term, it definitely will have some impact. But we always keep to, I mean, we 
try to mitigate those issues by going to different markets. Generally, in value-added products, it 
takes time to find new markets for those products. So, there will be some impact, but we are 
trying to find out how we can mitigate some of the impacts coming out of this if it takes longer. 
Akhilesh: 
Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vileh Kumar Rai from KamayaKya. Please go 
ahead. 
Vileh Kumar Rai: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I have two questions. So, can you briefly 
outline your strategy in the copper business? Are you trying to launch more value- added 
products, or are we focusing on the existing products that we have got through the acquisition? 
And what are the synergies that we will get with our lead-acid business and copper business? 
And will this lead to an elongated working capital cycle? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, basically, there are already quite a few value-added products in our kitty now with RML. 
So, in the initial phase, we would try to consolidate whatever markets or whatever products we 
are having, and at the same time, do some backward integration by putting up a copper recycling 
plant at Mundra, which will be commissioned within the next 12 months. So, that will add on 
some value in terms of -- and, of course, there will be some synergies in sales also, apart from 
procurement that we talk about. So, that will improve the margins going forward. So, that will 
be the first phase. In the second phase, when we increase the capacities further in copper, then 
we will look at other value-added products also apart from whatever we are making right now 
at RML. Working capital, this would not be impacted because, I mean, it’s a backward 
integration only. So, overall, EBITDA margins would increase, but the working capital range 
would remain similar. 
Vileh Kumar Rai: 
Okay, sir. And then you also mentioned rubber and steel recycling in the future. So, do we have 
any plans out for that yet? Would we do an inorganic acquisition or would we try to set up the 
capacity on our own? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, steel is not going to come anytime soon because we are now looking at copper and then other 
products also. But tyre, we have already acquired a Company in Romania and in India also we 
have started putting up capacities for rubber and that would be coming up in H1 this year. So, 
the rubber capacity would come up in H1 this year. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Vileh Kumar Rai: 
So, steel is more of a long-term plan? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, this is, yes, definitely. So, this is just the first capacity as far as rubber is concerned and that 
is also in the first phase only. And the total capacity that we are planning for rubber is around 
30,000 tons. That would come up in Q1 or Q2 this year. But apart from that, we would then 
increase the capacity. First of all, in Mundra itself, we will increase the capacity from 30,000 
tons in the next phases. And then we will set up other rubber plants in other regions in India also. 
And we are also planning to increase capacity in Romania where we already have a plant next 
year. 
Vileh Kumar Rai: 
Okay, sir. So, steel is more of a long-term plan? We will see this after maybe two years or three 
years down the line once we have scaled our existing businesses? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
It all depends on how fast we stabilize the existing CAPEX that we have done. Steel is under, I 
mean, consideration at all times. But the only thing is that we are having our hands full right 
now with copper, rubber and lithium-ion expansion plants and of course our existing lead 
expansion plants. So, that is why we put steel on the back burner right now. 
Vileh Kumar Rai: 
Okay. Sure sir. Thank you sir. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirvana Laha from Badrinath Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on RMIL. So, what is the current capacity 
utilization there and what kind of growth are you expecting there in FY ‘27-’28 and which areas 
do you think the growth will come from? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, current capacity utilization is around 50% and we would want to take it to around 60%-65% 
in the next year itself. Going forward, by the end of the 2-3 year period, we would take it to, I 
mean, we are also planning to go for expansion in the existing plant. So, we would take this 
current capacity to almost double the current capacity from 30,000 ton to around 60,000 ton in 
the next three years. But the overall capacity utilization at that point in time would also remain 
at around 60%-65%. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay, sir. And the current product profile is, I understand there are some supplies to defense, 
etc. If you can help us understand what is the current product profile and where do you see it 
going from here in the next three years? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, in the current, we are making copper sheets, brass cups, copper foils and other similar 
products that either go to these electric and electronics industries, coinage industry, ammunition 
industry, etc. So, in the next 2-3 years, we are only going to consolidate the current markets only, 
the existing markets, probably increase the product range in the existing markets only. But 
maybe 2-3 years down the line, we may think of having other products in our kitties also. But 
right now, we are only going to, till the time we go and start producing 60,000 tons per annum, 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
we would only concentrate on the existing product portfolios. But then, once we increase the 
total capacity, then we may go in for other copper products also. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Sure. So, the copper recycling that you are setting up, what is the plan there? Is that like 
backward integration for RMIL? Are you going to supply capital to RMIL or are you planning 
to sell in the market? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, both. Major part would go into RMIL only. But then, if there is opportunity, because we will 
keep on increasing the capacity at that end also, at the backward integration part also. So, if there 
are opportunities to sell it to other companies also, we would also be open to that. But major 
chunk of it would go to RMIL as backward integration. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Sure. And what are the current gross margins there at RMIL and how much bump do you think 
this backward integration will get you? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, currently on a sustainable basis, we are getting around INR 45,000 per ton. And going 
forward, I think, if we do the backward integration, it would go up to INR 65,000 per ton to INR 
70,000 per ton in future. 
Nirvana Laha: 
So, this you are mentioning, sir, is the EBITDA per ton, is it? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Sir, the realization for the products that RMIL makes, because I understand there are certain 
alloy products also, if we have to understand how the realization go, do we track copper 
prices…? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, realization is the mix of all the products that they are selling. So, there are part copper and 
part brass. But overall, when we talk about the EBITDA per ton is based on the mix of the current 
products that they are selling. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay, sir. I will come back in the line. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aadesh Gosalia from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
So, my first question was on the outlook on the working capital. So, if you can just provide some 
outlook for FY ‘27’s working capital scenario, what you are seeing with the new product lines 
coming up and the expansion that is happening? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, current working capital was for this year, including the copper part, was around 90 days, 
which was slightly higher because there were… we kept some more inventory considering the 
upcoming capacity at Jaipur and Mundra. So, that was the reason. But going forward, we see it 
with the copper business coming in and copper business, since that will be more imported one, 
so it should be close to 85 to 90 days going forward. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
Okay. So, more or less in the similar range because 90 days was in FY ‘26. So, is my 
understanding correct? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
If we do not consider copper, it should be lower. But since the copper is mostly imported one, 
so that is the reason the working capital will be again back to 85-90 days. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
Okay. Got it. So, if you can share some outlook and the volume numbers of quarter for Q4, like 
we are expanding so much in quarter. So, do we have some significant interest from certain 
OEMs or like some confirmed orders or something like that? If you can just give a picture in 
those lines? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Are you talking about RMIL or the entire group? 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
Entire group, like the current capacity is coming up. So, I think on both the lines would give a 
better picture. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, actually, it is very difficult right now to say anything about Q1 because on one hand we have 
expanded at some capacities which is going to give us some benefit in the quarter. And of course, 
RMIL would be the first quarter that would start showing its complete result. But at the same 
time, there are disruptions in logistic cost also and to some extent, we are not being able to sell 
products or maybe bring raw material from the Middle East, which is a major contributor in 
terms of both the value-added content sales also and raw material also. So, that will have some 
negative impact going forward. But overall, in the next three years, we are very confident of 
getting a CAGR of 20%-25% in volume terms consistently over the next three years. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
Okay. And the volume numbers we saw in Q4 for copper? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, volume numbers, overall, we are planning to grow at around 40%-50% in copper in this 
year. So, it will be in the similar range over last year in copper also. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
Okay. And just one data keeping question on the steady state tax rate that we will have? 
Management: 
So, tax rate for last year, it was around 15%. But since the business which is coming up like RMI 
and copper business, which is mostly in India and Indian tax rate is close to 25%. So, blended 
tax rate for going forward should be in the range of 17%-18%. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 
Okay. Thank you. That’s it from my end. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Couple of questions from my side. The first one is essentially 
again on RMIL Just wanted to understand if there is surplus land for you to expand over there. 
And looking at the margins of RML EBITDA margin that you have disclosed for FY ‘26, that 
is close to around 8%. Now, Gravita’s overall margins are like in the range of 10% or so. So, is 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
there any possibility of increasing the margins over there? Or is the business like that that, you 
know, a copper business would remain at 8% kind of thing? And if you could also highlight the 
sourcing of copper of currently, will you be tapping into your regular African markets? Or, you 
know, you will be exploring, let us say, Latin America also for that. So, this is the first question. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, in RMIL, I think the overall margins, definitely we would plan to increase this. As I 
mentioned that we would probably change some product mix. So, sorry, at the procurement 
level, some mix in terms of scrap also. Currently, they are not optimizing use of copper scrap. 
We would like to increase that going forward. And of course, we will use our existing yard 
network to source copper scrap also. And then, of course, in copper generally, we would have 
to go to the developed markets also. So, US, Europe and South America and of course, Australia. 
These are the other markets that we will be considering in terms of setting up additional yards 
in the next 2 to 3 years. And of course, importing from our existing set of vendors. So, that will 
improve the margins in next 2 to 3 years to around 9% to 10% from current around 8%. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, just a broad commentary would help actually on the shift from informal to formal sector. 
Last year or year before last, there were a couple of endeavors from the government, particularly 
with respect to correcting the inverted tax structure and making sure that the BWR mechanism 
is implemented. So, what are the changes that you are seeing and what would be the approximate 
shift that you would expect over the next 3 years to formal sector from informal? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, one of the major shifts that has started is actually earlier there was a lot of EPR transactions 
that were taking place between two parties and it was not transparent. Now, the government has 
set up an exchange only where you can sell or buy EPR. So, there is more transparency. Now, 
nobody can sell at a rate lower than the earmarked rate for EPINR So, that is one area that has 
changed drastically in this case because in some cases the customers were forcing the vendors 
to sell EPR at a cheaper rate. So, with this exchange coming in between where you can sell it 
through that exchange only, that will get, I mean that will change. So, that will further fast track 
this shift from unorganized to organized. 
Management: 
And add to further to this, there will be an audit mechanism which Central Pollution Control 
Board is making that framework of audits. So, wherein somebody generating any fake edits that 
will also be audited. So, this process will also improve in this EPR mechanism and BWMR 
regulations. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Sir, as far as battery is concerned, I think there is now a consensus between smelters and also 
the battery makers and I think there is no resistance in terms of this EPR regulation now. 
Everybody is on board with the EPR regulation as far as battery is concerned. There are other 
sectors also where it is taking probably a little longer time, but most of the customers, I mean 
the battery brand owners and the smelting companies are in line with these EPR regulations now. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay, sir. Great. Thank you so much and all the best. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So, my question is for the copper segment. How the existing yard and overall sourcing of lead 
and other raw material after using to copper is helping and how much we have to expand to other 
geographies or also other yard to have more sourcing of copper? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Sir, actually, I mean copper generation in developing economies is limited. So, we have to go to 
the and whereas most of the battery scrap that was coming to us was from our own yards, was 
from developing economies only. So, to some extent our developing economies would also give 
us copper, but most of the copper that would get import, that we would import would come from 
developed economies as I mentioned like US, Australia, Brazil, etc. So, we have to set up or we 
have to strengthen our sourcing from these developed nations also when it comes to copper. So, 
we are setting up a recycling plant which will be operative from next year onwards and we are 
also at the same time setting up our own procurement network in these locations. So, we are very 
confident, but that by the time we will set up the plant, we would have a procurement network 
in these countries also. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Existing network is helping you? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
It will definitely help, but the plan is to going for a 30,000 tons per annum in the first phase 
itself. So, we would need to have other sources for copper also which would majorly come from 
developed nations only. It is not that we do not have our own procurement network in these 
nations, in these countries. We have a lot of our batteries come from US currently. So, we would 
use that network to source copper, but then we would have to expand that network even further. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Last question. After consolidation of RMIL, I understand RMIL EBITDA per kg is higher, but 
working capital I think is also higher. So, is it correct assumption, your margin profile of the 
Company is going to improve, but your working capital is also going to increase? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, margin profile in terms of percentage would not improve. In terms of absolute, it would 
improve per ton, if you talk about. And yes, definitely because we would be importing a lot of 
copper from overseas locations, then definitely the working capital would increase. So, as Sunilji 
mentioned a little while earlier is that you can expect the total working capital to remain at 
around 90 days in future also. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. So, it will be higher than existing working capital days? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Existing also it is 90 days. So, with the copper, because we were holding additional inventories 
for in the lead also, we were holding some additional inventories. And that is the reason the 
whole year was 90 days for us in the last year. So, and going forward also it should be in the 
range of 85 to 90 days, considering copper coming in. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you so much. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Vikas Singh: 
Good afternoon, sir. And thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to understand our capital 
allocation in terms of that INR 1,700 crore, if you can bifurcate it on a year wise and given the 
copper would require a huge absolute working capital, how should we look at the debt? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So definitely the year wise if you see the breakup is close to INR 600 crores for next year and 
INR 700 odd crores in FY ‘28 and then around INR 400 crores for FY ‘29. So, this is a broad 
breakup of INR 1,700 crores and definitely this INR 1,700 crores will be funded from internal 
accounts, we can easily fund this INR 1,700 crores. But definitely we need a more capital for 
working capital, which will be taken from some debt, working capital debt. But we don’t 
consider this working capital debt as debt because we keep our hedging mechanism in place and 
all the inventories, which is a major part of this working capital is always hedging inventory and 
we don’t see any risk and metal is as good as liquid cash. So, the idea is to keep this inventory 
in the form of metal and take some debt on that. 
Vikas Singh: 
Noted, sir. But still we didn’t get the clarity on what kind of debt increase we can expect in the 
next 12 months to 15 months because of these endeavors? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, debt should be working capital debt of around INR 800 crores to INR 900 crores after the 
copper coming in once the copper business starting say next year. So, that time we should be 
peak debt should be close to 800. Currently we are INR 118 crore of net debt we are having and 
which will go up by INR 600 crores to INR 700 crores approximately. 
Vikas Singh: 
Noted, sir. Sir, my second question regards to copper only. Unlike lead, we don’t have that kind 
of already established sourcing system or a geographical advantage. So, just wanted to 
understand given some of the competitors are also adding sharp capacity in their segment and 
we will predominantly depending on the imports. So, have we already tied up with few people 
to get this or how should we look at from which geography we think that we would be able to 
source everything in terms of copper? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, sir, in copper there are two things. I mean, if you buy from aggregator, I mean, that is true 
with any metal or any scrap is that if you buy from aggregator and then you make normal 
probably rod of copper and sell it to the market, you would not have any profits. But here now 
we have this RIML where we are making value added products. So, we are thinking of copper 
as a backward integration to that facility. Definitely our own procurement network is going to 
help. It’s not that it’s not going to help. We already have material coming from countries from 
where copper is also coming. We have our representatives there in some of these countries. We 
have our own yards also in some of these countries. Earlier we were not buying copper from 
those vendors or in those yards. Now we would start buying copper also from those yards. So, 
definitely there is going to be synergy in terms of reducing cost. And there is where we are a 
little different from our competitors. So, on one hand, we would have some benefit in terms of 
going to the last mile and collecting copper scrap. At the same time, because of the value addition 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
also, we would get some delta in terms of the overall realization from copper. So, if you look at 
the overall margin that we believe is going to be better than some of our competitors who are 
just selling basic copper products and are buying from aggregators. 
Vikas Singh: 
Noted, sir. Sir, any synergy benefit which you want to point out in terms of percentage or figures? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, currently, as I mentioned that the RMIL is having a total EBITDA per ton of around 45,000 
per ton. And we are expecting it to go up to around 65,000 per ton, by the time our new recycling 
unit comes up in the next two years. 
Vikas Singh: 
Noted, sir. That’s all from my side. Thank you and all the best for future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps Wealth. Please 
go ahead. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
My question was about the overall aluminum EBITDA which has fallen on a per metric ton basis 
from almost 23,000 per ton to 17,700, a 23% decline. And plastics have also fallen from 20,300 
to 9,800, almost half. Given that you have this vision of 2030 where non-lead business would 
be almost 35% to 40% of the overall business, can you decompose how much margin 
compression is attributable in this case to one, the LME-linked input cost passthrough lag? And 
second, through the capacity ramp of absorption at Mundra and recently commissioned plants? 
And third, the structural pricing pressure from competition or end-market weakness? And which 
of these do you expect that will reverse in the first half of FY27? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, I think we have always mentioned that the per ton EBITDA from aluminum is going to be 
around INR 14 to INR 15 per kg. And that has been true for the entire year. In fact, there has 
been some increase in last quarter because of sudden increase in aluminum prices. But on a 
sustainable basis, we have always said that it’s going to be around INR 14 to INR 15 per kg. 
And for the entire year, because of copper pricing going up, it has been around INR 16 per kg in 
aluminum. So, it’s not correct to say that the margins have been decreasing. The margins are 
still over and above the guidance that we have given. But because there is no hedging 
mechanism, then you can see some shifts in realization or EBITDA margins going forward also. 
But on a sustainable basis, INR 14 to INR 15 can be expected. And definitely, because when we 
set up our own plant in India, the working capital cycle increases and therefore, the necessity to 
have a hedging mechanism is very important. So, therefore, we are waiting for this approval 
from MCX or MCX starting a contract on aluminum before we scale it up in India. As far as 
plastic is concerned, I have mentioned it many times earlier also that it will take some time. And 
it’s also consistent if you look at FY ‘25 last year versus this year, there has been some increase 
in EBITDA per ton from around INR 10 to around INR 12 this year. And part of it was because 
of again Q4 when the plastic prices surged because of this disruption and no plastic coming from 
overseas locations. So, therefore, the plastic prices went up and therefore, we could gain some 
higher EBITDA in plastic in the last quarter. But on an average basis, you can expect around 
INR 10 to INR 12 EBITDA margins in plastic going forward also. So, there is no decline in the 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
margins overall, but the volume in plastic would take some time. In aluminum, we are regularly 
following up with MCX and waiting for the approval to then scale up aluminum in India. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
And when do you expect that approval because it’s been hanging for a long time? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
I understand that we have been expecting this for the past one year. I mean, I can say that we 
can get it in Q1 next year also, but unfortunately, it’s very difficult to predict because everything 
is there. I mean, there is nothing that is left now. The approvals are already there. MCX has 
already made that contact, but they are not releasing those contacts. So, I think it can happen 
anytime. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, two quick questions. One, you already mentioned about your 
sustainable EBITDA pattern guidance for aluminum, plastic. Is it possible to share that same for 
lead, copper, and rubber? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, lead again is around Rs.19-INR 20 per kg and copper currently is around INR 45 per kg. But 
once we start our recycling facility, it would go up to INR 60-65 per kg. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
And rubber? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, rubber would be around Rs.7-8 per kg. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So, sir, here when you are talking about lead INR 19-20, you are considering the effect of this 
middle-east crisis also into that? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
No. This is on a sustainable basis without any crisis or without any arbitrage opportunities. I 
mean, if you look at last year, we had some opportunities of arbitrage where we increased our 
EBITDA per ton to around INR 22. But on a sustainable basis, I mean, when there is no arbitrage 
opportunity and there is no disruption, then it is INR 19-20. But if any of these two can change 
the lead margin, but that would only be temporary, not a permanent shift. So, on a permanent 
basis, Rs.19-20 is achievable. And then as we become bigger and as our share of value-added 
product goes up, you can see some improvements in the next couple of years. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Understood. So, that means Q1, one can expect at a lower end of the guidance in terms of 
EBITDA per ton at least. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Yes, you can say that because there are certain disruptions that are taking place. But at the same 
time, we are looking at other avenues so that we can compensate some of that effect. So, we are 
still, I mean, trying to find out what would be the exact guidance for this in the next quarter. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. Second question is out of this INR 850 crore CAPEX, which you are doing for copper, 
steel and others, how much is it for copper? Because what we understand is that lead was our 
bread and butter and then we tried to do it with aluminum, plastic, rubber. But unfortunately, for 
the last 4-5 years, nothing major happened over there. Now, copper comes to our kitty and see 
that we will be focusing. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Out of this total capex of Rs.1,700 crores, which we plan for next 3 years, the CAPEX for copper 
is approximately INR 700 crores. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. So, in this INR 700 crores, how much capacity we are building in including the integrated 
or backward integration also? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, yet to be planned because we are doing some CAPEX for valuated products also and at the 
same time for basic recycling also. So, both around INR 200-300 crores for valuated products, 
which will not be generating additional revenue, but definitely it will improve the margins. But 
additional INR 300-400, INR 400-500 crores for increasing the capacity of basic products. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So, that’s what I am trying to ask. So, suppose in next 3-4 years, we complete this INR 700 crore 
capex on copper and we have a capacity of INR 30,000, which you are saying we can double it 
to INR 60,000. So, INR 60,000 again can go upward or not, which is included in this copper 
capex. I am trying to look at what kind of EBITDA we can generate once you do the entire 
Rs.700 capex and up and running in maybe 4 years down the line? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, I mean in the next 2 years, the capacity would be around INR 60,000 tons only, 2-3 years. 
But then when we increase our recycling capacities further, then part of it would go to RMIL 
and the balance part we are planning to make probably go into some other valuated products or 
some other products and therefore the total capacity would be around INR 100,000 tons in FY 
‘29. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So, INR 100,000 tons, INR 65,000-INR 70,000 per ton, EBITDA one can expect from there. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
EBITDA per ton.INR 60,000 per ton. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
That’s great, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Thanks for the chance, sir. Roughly, now just continuing on the copper topic, what sort of 
working capital are we looking at, say, in the next 3-4 years? Is it roughly around INR 1,200 
crores? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, basically, the working capital cycle for copper is going to be around 90 days. So, in that 
sense, whatever, right, if we calculate it for 30,000 tons capacity at 70%, yes, it should be close 
to Rs.1,000 crores. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So, just, I mean, if you put in that INR 700 odd crores of CAPEX, INR 1,200 odd crores 
of working capital and EBITDA margin and some decent utilization of 60,000 tons capacity, our 
calculation is suggesting not more than 11%-12% ROCE. So, just want to know what is our 
sense of the entire copper division return profile? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Now, basically, as we said, this recycling facility is the backward integration of our existing 
facility in copper, like we took over this RMIL. So, if you consolidate this, both the businesses 
together, the overall, the margin profile will be better and ROCE should be in the range of 20% 
plus. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So, what margin profile, with backward integration, we are taking around INR 60-65 per 
kg. Is that fair or will be better than that also on backward integrated capacity? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, this will be 65, will be on the basis of current 45 of RMIL, considering 45K of RMIL current. 
So, there will be some upside on that also in future and with integration, it will further improve. 
So, we are going beyond 65 over a period of 2-3 years down the line. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Understood. So, my second question is on the lead division. So, generally, as per our 
expectation, how have been the entire enforcement of the VPR norms and are we seeing any 
penalties being imposed? Because given all the policy tailwinds also in the last few years, our 
volume growth has been almost, in the lead division has just been around 15% CAGR, which 
has been much weaker than what we were expecting or guiding. So, what has been the key, I 
mean, disappointment here and how do we see this changing?  
Management: 
Yes, as I mentioned earlier that there are a few changes which are going to happen on this EPR 
portal. One, the trading will be happening through MSTC, which will be an independent trading 
portal. And second, the audit mechanism being also involved, evolving, wherein the people who 
are providing EPR will be audited by Central Pollution Control Board. So, this will create a 
higher value realization of EPR credits and later these scripts may become a part of carbon credit 
also. So, there will be more transparency coming in this area. And parallelly, the reverse charge 
mechanism and TDS on particularly battery scrap is under discussion and the next GST council 
meeting, it may be implemented because NITI Aayog has recently released three reports. One 
on tyre, one on end-of-life vehicles, another one was on batteries, lithium-ion as well as lead-
acid battery, wherein also they have recommended all these reforms related to tax and 
operational reform. So, hopefully, in next council meeting, it may come as a reverse charge 
mechanism, TDS, one is E-portal and third is audit of the recyclers. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, to answer your question to some extent, it is having an impact in terms of higher availability 
of material domestically. But at the same time, you know, 18% GST is creating a hurdle because 
of which most of the battery brand owners are not able to compete with the unorganized market. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
So, therefore, I mean, although they are trying their best, at the same time, unfortunately, the 
lead prices globally have not been, I mean, they were very low over the last years. So, the 
difference between domestic lead and overseas lead was very high. So, that also created some 
problem in terms of battery manufacturers to go and collect batteries from domestic market. But 
once this reverse charge mechanism will come, that 18% benefit that this unorganized sector 
gets goes away, then it will probably go very fast. But otherwise also, if the arbitrage opportunity 
which is currently available in domestic market vis-à-vis the LME or the global markets comes 
down, then also the collection would be much faster. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. If I can just squeeze in one more question, can we get volume guidance for FY ‘27 across 
divisions? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, volume plan is like same 20%-25% growth and in additional growth, slightly additional 
growth because we missed some volumes in the last year. So, we are expecting slightly more 
than this in the FY ‘27. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita: 
So, I just had a question on the lithium-ion battery plant that you put up of 6000 MTPA. So, we 
commissioned that in Q4. So, what is the revenue potential from that plant? 
|Yogesh Malhotra: 
See, as we mentioned earlier also that lithium-ion battery is just a pilot project where we are 
trying to understand the technology. It is only the first part of the overall lithium-ion plant that 
we have established and that is still black mass. So, currently we are putting up the second part 
where we would be refining and extracting lithium and other minerals from this plant. That is 
still to come. So, we are not expecting any major revenue in this year from lithium-ion battery 
recycling. But in the next 2 to 3 years, I mean you can see some volumes coming. But we are 
not considering any volume from lithium-ion battery till our FY ‘29 guidance. If something 
comes, that would be over and above the guidance. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Understood. And like the backward integration of recycling for copper, the recycling plant 
that we are doing, what will be the capacity of that recycling plant? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
The capacity for this plant is the phase 1 will be 29,400 tons per annum. 
Nishita: 
And like what will be the total capacity after all the phases are done? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
As we mentioned that over a period of 2 to 3 years, we are planning to take this capacity to 
100,000 tons plus. 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Nishita: 
Okay. Understood. And so, like we are under a very high growth phase right now with all of our 
capacity expansion. So, once all of the capacity expansion is done, what like at the maximum 
utilization with all the capacities commissioned, what is the revenue potential that we see? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, as I mentioned earlier that the total, you can expect a volume of around 800,000 tons by FY 
‘29 in terms of volumes. I am sorry, that is the total capacity and you can expect around 60% to 
65% utilization of those capacities, which would come to around 500,000 tons by FY ‘29. 
Nishita: 
Okay. And the EBITDA per ton will be more or less stay the same that you mentioned earlier? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, segment wise EBITDA guidance we have already given and it would remain on similar terms 
only. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Garg from CCV Fund. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Garg: 
Sir, may I know what was the reason for promoter offloading their stake in the open market 
during last 12 months? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, there was no sale in the open market. There was some dilution by way of selling to some 
institutional shareholders, where they were looking for some bigger stake in the Company. So, 
that was the reason. And promoter was also looking for some liquidity for his personal purposes. 
That was the only reason. 
Sahil Garg: 
Okay. And second question is that the borrowings in the overall Company is increasing like in 
March ‘25, it was INR 286 crores and March ‘26, we have closed at INR 736 crores. But our 
interest cost is decreasing. So, we have put interest of only close to INR 25 odd crores against 
the borrowings of INR 736 crores. So, are we capitalizing the interest cost or like what is the 
reason for such a low interest cost? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
No. Basically, we are considering the net debt. So, currently, net debt is very small, which is 100 
odd crores at this moment. So, earlier we were having some additional liquidity by way of we 
raised some equity from the QIP and that money was there with us. So, later on, we used part of 
that money for some of the CAPEX and internal equity and the working capital. And recently, 
we acquired one Company, you have heard about RMIL in copper business. So, some of the 
liquidity was used for that also. So, considering everything, after all, everything, now that we 
have the net debt of around INR 100 crores, which is very small and that is the reason the interest 
cost was coming down. 
Sahil Garg: 
So, by net debt, you mean to say that you have a surplus cash balance, right? Or maybe some 
liquidity investment? So, for that, we are already booking some other income in the P&L. So, 
there is a INR 77 crore of other income in the P&L. So, how we are netting up with that? 

 
Gravita India Limited 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, overall, on the debt side, we have, but when we have the higher interest cost also, then 
basically the reduction of other income was also there. Sir, may I know what is the cost of 
borrowing? 
Sahil Garg: 
Debt is increased in this year, year-end only. Because of this acquisition, which was done in the 
March itself, the debt is increased. Otherwise, the debt was lower. So, the interest cost, if you 
see on the year-end, overall year was lower, because debt was lower. 
Management: 
So, the other income only stopped in mid-March only. 
Sahil Garg: 
Okay. So, what would be the tentative interest cost for FY ‘27 based on the current debt of INR 
736 crores? 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, interest will be in the similar range, whatever we are doing around INR 4 odd crores for a 
quarter. So, that INR 4 crores to INR 5 crores will be the interest cost for this year. Till the time 
we start the copper recycling business, which is a bigger part of the working capital. So, we start 
some increase in the debt for working capital. Otherwise, till the time we don’t start that 
recycling business in copper, the working capital debt will be similar. 
Sahil Garg: 
Okay. Perfect. So, I have just one last question. May I know what is the current expansion status 
of the Mundra and the Phagi plant? I guess I missed it earlier. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
So, Mundra has already been commissioned and Phagi you can expect in Q1. So, there are 2-3 
parts to Mundra expansion. One is the lead expansion that has already happened in last quarter. 
The rubber expansion would happen in Q1 or Q2 this year, H1 this year. Phagi lead of around 
45,000 tons of lead capacity would happen in Q1 of this year. 
Sahil Garg: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Management for closing comments. 
Yogesh Malhotra: 
Thank you everyone for participating in this call. We trust that we have addressed all your 
queries during this session. However, if there are any remaining questions, please feel free to 
reach out to our investor relations team. Once again, we extend our gratitude to all the 
participants for joining us today. Thank you and have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
