 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                  June 02, 2026 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Thursday, 
May 28, 2026 at 3:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the quarter and 
year ended on March 31, 2026.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- https://macpowercnc.com/  
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
____________________ 
RUPESH J. MEHTA 
Chairman & Managing Director 
DIN: 01474523 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
Mehta 
Rupesh 
Jagdishbhai
Digitally signed 
by Mehta Rupesh 
Jagdishbhai 
Date: 2026.06.02 
16:15:36 +05'30'

 
 
-
 
 
 
Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
 
Q4 & FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 28, 2026  
03:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Rupesh Mehta - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Vishal Mehta - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kishor Kikani - Company Secretary 
Mr. Reyan Mehta - part of the Promoter Group  
Mr. Jay Acharya - part of the Finance team 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Disclaimer: - This transcript is edited for factual errors 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY26 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited. Today on the 
call from the management team we have with us Mr. Rupesh Mehta, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Vishal Mehta, Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Kishor Kikani, Company Secretary; Mr. Reyan Mehta, part 
of the Promoter Group and Mr. Jay Acharya, part of the Finance team.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended March 2026, the growth 
plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the floor 
for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you, Vinayji, for arranging the conference. Good afternoon, 
ladies and gentlemen. I warmly welcome all of you to our Q4 FY26 post 
results conference call. Thank you for taking time out of your busy 
schedule to join us. We truly value your continued interest and support. 
The financial results and presentations have been uploaded on the 
company's website and Kaptify's website also. I hope you have had a 
chance to review them.  
 
I will bring you, walking you through the key highlights of our Q4 and 
FY26 performance, followed by an update of our strategic, intensive 
and growth and outlook. After that, we will be happy to take your 
questions. So, the company delivered its highest-ever quarter and 
annual performance in Macpower's history. I will go through the quarter 
results and after that annual.  
 
 
Our revenue increased by 25.34% YoY to ₹100.29 crores in Q4FY26. 
EBITDA stood at ₹16.24 crores, registering a YoY growth of 13.60%. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter was 16.19%, while PAT margin was 
10.12%. 
For the full year FY26, the company achieved its highest-ever annual 
performance with revenue of ₹333.18 crores, up 27.26% YoY. 
EBITDA reached ₹53.90 crores, growing 29.74% YoY. PAT jumped 
33.13% to ₹33.87 crores. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
We are pleased to report that for Q4FY26, the company delivered its 
highest-ever quarterly performance, and for FY26, it achieved its 
highest-ever annual performance in terms of revenue, EBITDA, and 
PAT. 
 
So, during the last financial year, we added INR15.36 crore CapEx with 
our own fund. Last to last this was INR12.41 crores. So we increased 
the CapEx now. So y-o-y 25%, almost we increased the CapEx. 
Average machine realization is nearly INR20 lakh. And as you know, 
the robust order book, strong demand in pipeline. Everything is in 
presentation. Then also, I will explain you that Q4, we have INR406 
crore closingorder book. It reflects the 23% y-o-y growth in our order 
book. And domestic bid, tender bid and everything included is 
INR1,029 crores.  
 
So, NEXA series contribute approximately 40% of the pending order 
book. So, as we discussed that we'll focus now on the NEXA products. 
So, our order book in this INR406 crore majority, 40% share is the 
NEXA. We have also successfully supplied the machine to the 
customer, including BHEL, HAL, Ordnance Factory, Polycab, Bhagat 
Forge, KM, GNA Gears, Amic Forging, Emerald Tyre, NIPHA and 
Kiloskar, which we already discussed about that now we are entering 
into the corporates also, which further cure reference list and brand 
creditability higher end segment.  
 
Product innovations, we continue to invest in R&D expenditure. Our 
product portfolio, recently, we have successfully delivered a new 
launch, several new model machine, Turn Mill Centre, Tom Y-Axis, 
LX 3000, this is a bigger machine. The machine weight is 20 tons. LX 
1000, V-855 Super. These machines are well positioned to address the 
growing demand of the higher end precision and technological 
advanced CNC solution. 
 
In line with our aggressive growth strategy and sustained movement in 
our order inflow, we are in the final stage of securing 13 acres of land 
on a 25 years long lease. It's nearby our existing plot. It will enhance 
capacity and execution capability while supplying a timely delivery of 
pending order books. This new facility will enable the de-
congenization, backward integration, and significant scaling of our 
operation to support our long-term growth ambitions. And this land is 
very nearby because of the coming future growth of this industry. 
Recently, we had one Indian machine tools summit at Goa, and they 
forecasted the consumption and demand will be double in 2030. So, 
averagely, we are predicting 25% growth in this segment. So, to match 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
our growth journey and our plant capacity limitations, government land 
will take another three to four months. So, we'll not wait further for the 
government land. 
 
So, meanwhile, we identified the very nice land nearby us. It's a 13 acre 
land where we will invest the INR30 crore to INR35 crore in this new 
land. And after that government land, it's another expansion, we are 
planning where we are adding another 10,000 capacity. So, within very, 
very short time, we will acquire this land and almost our building and 
our construction plan and CapEx plan is ready with this 13-acre land. 
So, currently, we are, as I mentioned in my quarter three and quarter 
two concall, that we are adding the more people in sales and we are 
adding the new branches. So, recently, nine branches and eight tech 
centres. Right now, we have recently opened a new branch office in 
Baroda and Gurgaon. Upcoming branch, within short time, we are 
adding Nasik and Kolkata. Upcoming technology centre in Pune, we 
already finalized and maybe this month, we'll inaugurate Pune, 
Kolhapur and Mumbai.  
 
So, industrial outlook of our market position, as per the IMTMA, Indian 
Machine Tools data released at the Goa Summit, Indian machine tools 
industry's 
domestic 
consumption 
stood 
INR35,000 
crore 
approximately. And while India produced the INR16,000 crore in 2026, 
consumption is expected growth strategically INR54,000 crores by 
2030 and INR2,30,000 crores in 2049. These data are available in 
Indian machine tools site. India ranked ninth global in production and 
fourth in consumption, for the machine tools. 
 
While the global machine tools market is $82 billion, India's share is 
only around 5%. And Macpower share in production, you can say, 1% 
of consumption and 2% of production. So, we have plenty of 
opportunity and now we are aggressively adding the new tech centre, 
road show, exhibitions and we are adding the new plant also. Macpower 
currently hold approximately 2% share in domestic production and 1% 
is consumption.  
 
So, guidance for FY27, with the strong order book and expanding the 
higher end product portfolio, because of 40% of NEXA order book and 
ongoing capacity, we are confirmedly of delivering another year of 
robust growth. We expected 28% to 30% revenue growth in FY27, 
which would make yet another strong performance for the company by 
maintaining EBITDA margin and we'll try to improve it. So, we'll 
manage the EBITDA margin and we'll try to improve the sum of the 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
percentage. We remain focused on profitable growth, operational 
excellence, and long term value creation for our stakeholder. 
 
I would now like to open the floor for the question that you once again 
for your -- right? So, we can start the questions. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure, sir. [Operator Instructions] I request participants to limit your 
questions to two in the initial round, so we can give everybody a chance 
to ask the question. We'll take the first question from the line of 
Darshan. Darshan, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Darshan G: 
So, sir, I just wanted to know about the CapEx. From our earlier 
interaction, what I understand is, we expected to take up a land of 
around 50 acres from government and then expand our capacity from 
2,500 to 10,000 machines gradually. So, now you are saying that we are 
taking up 13 acres. So, is it different? And what is the roadway or what 
is the -- are these two different things? I wanted to know that. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Both are the different things. First of all, right now we have a 2,500 
capacity. And some of the area, this capacity is for the assembly. We 
have more than 1,000 different types of components we are using. And 
right now we have a capacity of spindle, like 150 machines per month. 
We have a capacity of sheet metal, 110. So, I think we are adding some 
facility to complete the 2,500 machines. This 60-acre land plan is still 
in process. We already paid the token amount to government. But 
because of the local elections in Gujarat, corporation and district 
administration, it's delayed by government policy. We are waiting for 
the government new policy. And they suggested that this new policy is 
more advantageous(advantageable) than the previous one. 
 
Right now they are offering in the 50% government rate. Now the new 
policy is 25%. So, we are waiting. So, we have information that it will 
take three to four months to complete the procedure for the new policy. 
After that, we'll sign to acquire the land. But meanwhile, as we and the 
Board discussed, that we have a huge opportunity of the business for 
the coming year and next year also. So, why don't we add one another 
unit? So, this 13-acre land for 25 years long lease with a very token 
amount, we are almost in the finalization stage and we will announce 
within a short time. So, we are adding another 3-lakh square foot 
construction and de-bottlenecking of some of the process. 
 
And after that, once this 2,500 machine capacity comes up, we'll add 
some more capacity in this plant, 13-acre. After that, once government 
land will clear with the new policy, we'll add another capacity and 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
another facility in this new plant. So, we have now, instead of two 
plants, we are planning existing and new one. But now, in future, we 
have one, two and three plants. 
 
Darshan G: 
Okay. Sir, so, from this plant, the 13-acre plant, is this just for capacity 
de-bottlenecking? Or to what extent will this increase our production 
capacity? To how many machines can we make from this 13-acre plant? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right now, we are putting some provisions for capacity expansion also. 
But our first focus to de-bottlenecking the 2,500 machines capacity in 
this 13-acre land. But we have sufficient provision for the next financial 
year. And once our 60-acre land will delayed, then we'll add another 
capacity also to achieve our continuous growth of 28% to 30% in the 
top line and revenue and everywhere, in EBITDA. So, in this new plant 
also, we will add. But first phase, we'll add the de-bottlenecking. And 
second phase, for next financial year, yes, we'll add some capacity. 
 
Darshan G: 
Yes, sir. Also, on the controller side, previously what I understood was, 
it was a white labelling, right? We were importing the controller from 
outside and we were white labelling under Macpower's name and 
selling it. Is it right? Is my understanding correct? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, first of all, we are 99% controls we are right now using with the 
world-class control, FANUC, Siemens and Mitsubishi. For 1% some of 
the reputed brand, right now we are doing the white labelling to create 
our own brand. In future, after five years, if we are planning to 
manufacture some kind of the controls, so we can create the references. 
And this company is ready to build some kind of the collaboration for 
technology also, but it is a long result. But the practice we already 
started. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We'll move to the next participant. Garvit Goyal. You can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Hello, am I audible?  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah.  
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Hi, good afternoon. So, my first question is on the margins. This 
quarter, we saw a dip in the margins. So, what is the reason for that, sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First of all, the reason for the expenses, other expenses is increased due 
to two major reasons. One is the marketing. Now, as I told you that we 
are focusing to achieve the big goal for this year and next year also. So, 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
in Q4, we had participated in the Jamnagar, Kerala, Ludhiana and three 
roadshows. So, our marketing cost is increased in this quarter four. And 
second thing is, as I mentioned in my previous speech, that some of the 
component manufacturing area, we have a limited capacity like 
spindles, enclosures, power coating and other machining capacity. So, 
in March, we had given lots of job works to match our March 
production capacity.  
 
And secondly, I'm happy to announce that first time in history, 
Macpower have a finished goods inventory instead of 18 machines was 
displayed in our tech centre in previous 2025. Now, we have 80 
machine opening inventory. This cost is added in this -- this expense is 
added in this other expenses, but the billing realization is not possible 
because of the payment is not received. So, job work cost is increased 
because in first quarter, second quarter, we need to ramp up the 
production. So some of the limited capacity component, we had given 
the job work to the other suppliers. And second thing is Q3, there is no 
marketing cost, no exhibition, no roadshows. So, these two are, I think 
added our expenses cost. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
Perfect sir. So, considering the commodity inflation environment right 
now, in order to get the business, we are a bit more focused towards the 
marketing. How are we -- how will we be able to maintain these margins 
in FY27? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
As you just go through our material consumption, I think we improved 
our margin to sell the more higher end product like NEXA. Our material 
consumption is reduced by up to 0.75%. So, material will not give this 
much problem. But if we wanted to grow the market on quarter-on-
quarter and year-on-year, so we have to focus on more recruitment, 
more tech centres and more roadshows and exhibition. Now, as we 
decided, we'll participate in India's almost all the exhibitions. 
Tomorrow we have a Baroda office inauguration and there is a one 
customer summit. So, we are inviting the customer for the dinner and 
presentations about the company. 
 
So, we are now focusing aggressively in each and every city, each and 
every segment, each and every area. So, this kind of marketing cost will 
add, but definitely because of this we will generate the 28% to 30% 
growth. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
So, all and all margins will be same to FY26? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Margin will be -- we'll try to maintain the margin same, but we'll try to 
improve also. But our top line and PAT margin definitely will improve. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
And what will be the impact of this land that we acquired? You 
mentioned it will be on lease, right? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It will be on lease. 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
So, some lease finance goes to somebody, so that accounting will be 
there, isn't it? So, that will increase the interest. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, yes. So it is with the rental base per month is less than 0.5% of the 
market value. And it is for the 25 years registered agreement. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We'll move to the next participant, Kumar Saurabh. You 
can go ahead, please. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sir, congrats on good set of number. My question is on NEXA and the 
5-axle machine. So, average in the market, the price of such machine is 
from INR35 lakh, INR40 lakh to even INR2 crore. So, my questions 
are, last year, how many NEXA machines we sold around what price? 
And as you said, almost 40% of our order book is NEXA machine. So, 
what is the average rate of NEXA machine we expect to sell? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So, last year NEXA average price is 29 lakhs. And I think this year also 
it will be remaining INR29 lakhs to INR32 lakhs average price of 
NEXA machines. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my second question is, earlier, our competition was 
more in the MSME sector. But now as we will be selling more and more 
of NEXA machines. Is our competitor going to change? And if they are 
going to change, like, are we getting into import substitute market 
competing with some of the foreign companies? And if that is the case, 
what is our right to win in this new segment, sir? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think we already win, you can say, out of our INR400 order book, 40% 
is NEXA. So, we are focusing more on this segment and we don't have 
a competition with the imported machine right now. We have a 
competition of the domestic player. As I mentioned that our market 
share is compared to our domestic player is just 2% in terms of the 
value. So, we have plenty of opportunity. Our machine is very, very 
robust and our performance, our accuracy is appreciated by our 
customer. That's why we are getting good numbers of NEXA business. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
And that's why I think we don't have to compete with the imported 
machine right now.  
 
Up to 10%, we have an opportunity in domestic player, from domestic 
player and domestic market. Because 25% market is growing and our 
market share is just 2%. So, we don't have that much problem. Our 
problem previously was the capacity and CapEx. So, now within short 
time, we will sort out this issue for the next financial year. We'll utilize 
this new plant also. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Prateek Shrivastava. 
Prateek, you can go ahead. 
 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Congratulations, Rupesh Bhai. Thank you, Rupesh Bhai. Very good 
numbers of the company. My first question is on capacity utilization. 
So, now we had a capacity of 2,500. So, now how much capacity 
utilization is going on, Rupesh Bhai? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It is around 80%. Now we have to do the de-bottlenecking of the 
jobwork. We have a facility of many component manufacturers, we 
want to add 2,500 to that facility. That's why we'll add it to the new 
place. But now we can assemble 2,500 machines. And where our de-
bottlenecking will be, we'll get the job work done in the component 
area. 
 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Okay, so we haven't got the land of 13 acres yet. When we'll get it, but 
then you'll have to do the plant, commissioning, it'll take time. So, what 
do you think? I mean, our FY27, at least in the first half, what do you 
think? What's our outlook? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In FY27, if we talk about it, we'll get 28%, 30% growth value-wise. 
And if we talk about EBITDA, we'll try to remain the same or we'll try 
to increase 1% or 2%. But we'll keep it the same. It won't come below 
that if we talk about year-on-year. And for next year, we have visibility. 
And this year's capacity utilisation, I think we'll do it up to 90%. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We'll move to the next participant. Bhargav Buddhadev. 
You can go ahead, please. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Yeah, good afternoon, sir. Congrats for the good set of numbers. Sir, 
my first question is that in FY26, you must have sold around 1,600 
machines. Is that fair to assume? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, I won't tell you the numbers. There was some competition in the 
market in the past. But if we add up machine dispatches and 
manufacturing, how much do we get? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Tell us about manufacturing, sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Our manufacturing was around 1,800 to 1950. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
Okay. And sir, this inventory is quite visible on the balance sheet, what 
you said about 80 machines. So the revenue booking for this is going to 
happen in the next 3-4 months. That's why there's so much inventory. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What I said in the past is that the 82 machines that have been forwarded, 
which we have an advance of, like the order book is big, but they have 
some margin, some signature, because I told you that customers get 
subsidies, if they take a loan from the bank. So all these customers are 
loan holders who get subsidies for interest and capital goods subsidy, 
from 25% to 35%. So there must be some reason that they gave short 
margin money, or they didn't go to sign after that, or they didn't get a 
mortgage. But all these things are forwarded in one week, 10 days. But 
the expense of their manufacturing came on our books, but their revenue 
was not generated. So this is the first time in history, because if you 
look at the past, we never had any finished goods left.  
 
So we have dispatched so many machines with a revenue of INR100 
crores, and we have forwarded machines with almost this big revenue. 
So this was our strategical move that how to wrap up this quarter and 
this year. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: 
And lastly, sir, in your PPT, you have shown something new, in which 
you have talked about a lot of new product development. So can you 
share a little on that, that the new products you have shown in the PPT, 
is that for defence aerospace or is it more for corporate clients? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, this is general engineering. The machines of defence aerospace, 
almost 60% of the material is common, 40% is designer. So all this is 
for the entire industry segment. There are some machines, drill tap 
centre, so for EMS part, high-speed drill tap centre, for some die and 
mold industries, for some medical, for some general engineering, for 
some automobiles, we have taken out models, in which one operator 
and together, four components will be made.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
In today's machines, one operator, one machine gets one component 
output. So for different segments -- the defence aerospace machines are 
almost different, they are specialized. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Shashank Nagar. 
Shashank, please go ahead. 
 
Shashank Nagar: 
Yeah, thank you. Congratulations on crossing INR100 crore revenue. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, Shashankji. 
 
Shashank Nagar: 
You told us in the last conference that you are in the final stage of 
technology transfer with five German companies, but they are 
dependent on the new land. So now that our land has been delayed, is 
there any update on that partnership? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, we are discussing, we are in touch with them now, and in the initial 
stage, we are thinking that if it takes time for the new land, then the 
facility that we are making, a new facility in 30 acres, we are making a 
world-class assembly shop there, of some 3.5 lakh square feet, and to 
match their needs there, we are also adding such a facility. Then we will 
invite them and move forward, but they are in our touch. So nothing has 
been cancelled for 60 acres of land, nothing has happened, but I want 
that advantage, of the new government policy. 
 
If I sign on the old policy, then there is not as much benefit as I will get 
in the new one. So it is still there and will remain, I will hold it for a 
maximum of 2, 3 months, but this new facility, which we are starting 
immediately. We are targeting it so that it can be utilized in the next 
financial year. So this collaboration and joint venture or technology tie-
up, that is still continuous, we are in touch with them. According to their 
needs, we are developing a lot of shop floor. 
 
Shashank Nagar: 
Okay. And second, we also saw that our expenses have increased in Q4, 
because we have an inventory, finished inventory, because we are doing 
a marketing regresssion here, so in our marketing, in FY27, what is our 
plan, how much we will spend in the marketing, and will it be new 
normal that we have so many fixed inventory available?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I couldn't hear the question. Can you repeat the question?  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Shashank, if you can be a bit louder, please. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Shashank Nagar: 
Am I audible now? Our other expenses have increased, where our 
finished machines are available, so in FY27, in our marketing, what is 
our plan for expenditure, how much we will spend in FY27, and will it 
be continuous? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, it will be continuous, because now we are in aggressive mode. In 
the past, we never spent that much money on marketing, because we 
don't have the capacity, and Shashankji, we also didn't have the 
requirement of orders. There were exhibitions in many places, but we 
didn't even have a presence there. Now, we have a presence in all India, 
almost 39 cities, tech centres, we have given a lot of details in the 
presentation. Now, marketing is a compulsory business, because in 
marketing, two things are major, exhibitions and roadshows. So, we 
haven't done it yet, for many years, so we are doing it more 
aggressively, and this marketing cost will be a regular part of our 
journey. And it won't be a big cost in terms of value, but it will be 
around less than 1%. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Vikas Kasturi. Vikas, 
please go ahead. 
 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Greetings, sir. Congratulations on a fantastic performance, sir. Sir, I had 
two questions. So, one is, when you sell machines, after that, is there 
any recurring revenue, like you sell annual maintenance contracts, spare 
parts, consumables, etc. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, we have that, and we generated a lot of revenue last year, and we 
are planning almost INR5 crores, INR6 crores this year, in which 
service charges, paid service, AMC, and spare selling, all these are an 
area of revenue. 
 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Sir, can you quantify this? If you sell a machine worth INR20 lakhs, 
then how much recurring revenue can you get every year? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, we haven't done that, but we don't take a lot of margins in customer 
relationships. Just to cover the expenses of our branch and some 
reasonable rates which creates one kind of marketing strategy. It creates 
our brand building that you buy a Macpower machine, sometimes the 
service doesn't even charge money, and sometimes the service is done 
at reasonable rates, and the genuine spares are available at a very 
nominal rate. So, this is a selling tool which I don't use in the revenue 
generation model for the next 2-3 years. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Got it, sir. And the second question is, sir, you mentioned 30 acre land, 
you are going do the CapEx for it. So the number you mentioned, INR30 
crores to INR35 crores, does that include machinery as well, and 
working capital? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, right now, we are not taking a lot of machinery, we are adding some 
constant assembly in some areas, some store material, and some 
machines which we have already ordered, so it will be including 
machines, INR30 crores to INR35 crores. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Vishwas Singhal. 
Vishwas, you can go ahead, please. We will move on to the next 
participant, Kushal Mun. Oh, one second, Vishwas has unmuted. 
Vishwas, you can go ahead. 
 
Vishwas Singhal: 
Yes, yes. First of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers, highest 
ever revenue. Just now, when we were talking, you told an investor that 
the inventories you have, in those, you were getting maximum orders, 
because of that, you furnished the machines and kept them, but because 
of some sign, or some documentation, or some subsidy, you were not 
able to count it in your sales. So, almost in this quarter, it has been 2 
months, as sir said, it is a process of 7-10 days, or 15 days, after that, all 
these things get sorted out. Can we expect the INR145 crores inventory, 
how much will we be able to do in this quarter? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, we will be able to do the inventory, but the inventory will be 
refilled. As you can see, the import component, today, in many areas, 
many our peers companies are struggling in the import component, 
especially, ball screw, LM guideways, rotary tables, higher end 
encoder, so many components. I have told you in my concall, that I have 
an inventory of one year for import, today, so that threat is not there. 
So, the inventory will be refilled, because you will jump from 1st 
quarter to 2nd quarter, 2nd to 3rd, 3rd to 4th. So, the inventory level 
will not be less, the more the consumption, the more the inventory will 
be refilled. But because of this inventory, and the ready machines we 
have, due to their realization that is the reason, that we will grow 28% 
to 30%. 
 
When we will grow, then more than the inventory consumption, the 
inventory can also increase, because we have to jump in every quarter, 
and if you see the presentation, we have more than 400 variants. Today, 
I will give you a simple example, that in one machine, 990 components 
are used, so we have an inventory of 19,000 components. So, all this 
inventory, that is the game changer, because to make any model, out of 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
400, the assembly time is not much different, but the time of raw 
material and process, lead time, logistic time, and process time, that is 
too much. If I import something from Taiwan, then their delivery time 
is three months, and logistic time is now two months. So, I will not get 
it before six months.  
 
So, all these are our plannings for the inventory, and the inventory is 
also not from our money, you know that we get long term credits, and 
we do not have any debt. And this inventory, in today's date, the average 
cost of 2% to 5%, the effect of raw material on the average cost, and it 
is going to come, that is a big advantage for me. So, inventory is 
considered a game changing factor for engineering companies. 
 
Vishwas Singhal: 
Okay. Sir, very well explained. Secondly, Sir, you were saying that our 
next land agreement, for that, the expenses will be around INR35 crores. 
And the cash statement that I was looking at, the operating cash flow is 
INR14 crores. So, are we going to take the rest from QIP, or are we 
going to take loans on interest? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We will mix both, with internal accruals, with our funding, with the 
help of our suppliers, to make the credit long. And secondly, we will 
also think of a term loan. We will mix both, but we do not have any 
plans to give QIP or give shares out, or dilute them. 
 
Vishwas Singhal: 
Okay. Sir, can I ask one more question, or should I wait? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
I request you to come back in queue, please. Take the next question 
from Kushal Mondal. Kushal, you can go ahead. Can you speak up a bit 
louder? 
 
Kushal Mondal: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yes. 
 
Kushal Mondal: 
Sir, you said that you have a new land of 13 acres. Will 500 more 
machines be added in this or will there be an assembly of 500 machines 
here? There is a confusion here.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
This land is 9 acres, we can do clear construction and in 4 acres, we 
have to make a green belt. There is parking and gardening. And in 9 
acres, we will do construction. We will not talk about the capacity of 
this land for now. We will make de-bottling and world-class assembly 
floors. After that, this year's consumption of 2,500 machines is done. 
After that, we will talk about further capacity. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
 
Kushal Mondal: 
Okay. Sir, the lease you took for 25 years, is it an operating or financial 
lease? Should it be seen as rental expenses or as a ROU asset in Balance 
sheet? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Just a minute. What is the question, Kushal? Can you repeat? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, whether this rental land will be treated as an operating or financial 
lease? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Expenses, it is a rent expense. 
 
Kushal Mondal: 
Rent expense, okay. Sir, my last question is you said in your opening 
remarks that our market share in the consumption is 1%. But if I am 
right, I don't know, but in the last few concalls, you said that our market 
share is around 4.5%. Has the market share decreased? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No. If the market share decreases, then how will our revenue generation 
happen? Let me correct you. 1% of consumption of India, in which 
import has also come, and 2% of manufacturing in India. Our market 
share has not decreased. Our market share is increasing and 
aggressively, in the next five years, by projecting 10% market share, we 
are thinking of a very big expansion and collaboration, new product 
basket, we have a vision of up to double digit. And this year, as I said, 
we will bring more growth than market growth. So it has not decreased. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Kanishk. Kanishk, 
please go ahead. 
 
Kanishk: 
Hello. Very good afternoon. Sir, I wanted to ask, why does a customer 
select Macpower? He has the option of other companies in India and he 
can import other machines at a cheaper price than China. What do you 
have to say on this? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First of all, there is no market in India for China. And the entry-level, 
very basic-level, cycle-level machines, there are about 1,000, 1,200 
imports. In that, the customer is not satisfied. In one or two years, it has 
to be thrown away like a toy. So China's competition is not in the Indian 
market. India's competition, which are being imported, 55% to 60% of 
the import, those are higher-end machines, in which almost 90% of the 
machines are such that India does not make, or there are 5-axis 
machines, or there are some machines that India does not make. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
So there is no competition in China. And here in India, six to seven 
players, which I always say, 90% of their market share, whatever has to 
be competed, it is mostly among these seven people. And in that, the 
USP of our selling, that if you are my customer, then we are the features 
of the machines, benefit and advantage.  
 
Like when you buy a car, the average, engine, interior, in this way, there 
is a feature in our machines. There is speed, there is RPM, there is 
productivity, there is accuracy level, there is service support, how soon 
will we be able to do the service, there is cost of spares, so how is the 
design of the machine, my consumable, the cost of the tool, the cost of 
the oil, how much will it come. So we have all that data. And according 
to that data, we convince the customer, and then if he does not agree, 
then we have a nearby customer or a nearby tech centre, we make their 
job, and whatever we have said, we prove it to them, so that they buy 
our machines. 
 
The second is the reference. Similar, in Bombay, in the die and mold 
sector, in Andheri, in Vasai, there are 100 customers here, we give their 
list, that your competitors are using our machines, and they are 
achieving accuracy, and cycle time, how fast the job is done. So these 
are all things for selling, design, feature, benefit, and after benefit, what 
is the advantage. We do it practically with the data, and prove it, so our 
customer's trust increases, and almost in our order book, more than 50% 
is repeat order. 
 
Kanishk: 
Okay, sir. And sir, I would like to ask, your inventory days are a little 
more than FY25, so sir, you also said, you will look to increase the days 
payable. So sir, in the long run, where do you think our cash conversion 
cycle will settle? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think it will remain the same, because if you want to jump production, 
then you should not focus on inventory, and in that, a lot of suppliers' 
inventory, they say that you buy 100 pieces, take 500 pieces, we will 
give discount, and you pay for what you consume. So what is the 
problem in keeping inventory? So inventory is not that big for me. 
When will inventory be that much of a tension for me, when I use 
working capital, you will see, I don't even have that much use of 
working capital, and I have some money in banks, some money in short 
term funds, so why should I take tension on inventory, because this 
inventory will change the game for me. In today's date, my inventory, 
and my pending orders, for the next 3-4 months, I will not get any price 
impact. This is still a game-changer for me, and it will be tomorrow as 
well. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will first give a chance to those who haven't had a 
chance to ask questions, Utkarsh Somaiya, you can go ahead please. 
 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
Sir, I had a question about your capacity, how much will your next 
capacity increase from 2,500, and when will it increase? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
As I told you, earlier, the new ones, the 13 one, we will do world-class 
assembly, we will do debottlenecking in some areas, and after that, there 
is a provision that in phase 1, we will add 1,000, 1,500 capacity, when 
this concepts is realized. In the next financial year, if I talk about the 
same growth, then I will definitely need the capacity, but we haven't 
made their vision yet, I will tell you that after the next one, two quarters. 
 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
Okay, so in 13 acres, it can increase by 1,000, 1,500, after you consume 
2,500, correct?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes.  
 
Utkarsh Somaiya: 
And you told us that your EBITDA margin will remain the same, but 
the PAT margin will improve, can you tell us about that again? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The PAT margin will also slightly improve, and EBITDA will not go 
down, it will remain the same, because if your top line increases, then 
your expenses will also increase. So EBITDA margin and PAT margin 
will remain the same. In PAT, I think if we focus on income and service, 
and if we focus on NEXA products, which we have increased the order 
book, then there will be an improvement in the margin. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Runit Kapoor. Runit, 
you can go ahead please. 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on the great growth achieved in the quarter. So 
I have two questions. So in the balance sheet I see intangible assets of 
INR1.8 crores. So can you specify what is that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
That is the design, pattern and design.  
 
Runit Kapoor: 
So that's your intellectual property then? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Intellectual property plus some kind of the aluminium and wooden 
patents also. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay, and secondly it is about the new land of 13 acres. So 
approximately what will be the annual rental for that? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Nothing less than 1% annually compared to market rate. Say for 
example, the rent value is INR40 crores. The rental is just nearly less 
than 1% annually. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Piyush Jain. Piyush, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah, Piyush. 
 
Piyush Jain: 
Yeah, Rupesh bhai, I need clarification on two, three things. In past, 
many times we have told that we want to do backward integration and 
EBITDA margin will move towards 20% to 25% or something. In our 
current PPP we are showing this that 3x to 4x revenue potential and 
even after that operating leverage will EBITDA is 18% and near to 18%. 
So are we saying that in past what we have thought of backward 
integration with margin of 22% to 25% and now our guidance is around 
18% only? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think I told you about that can be possible. 25% is possible after new 
plant and new capacity of this new 60 acre land. That time I think given 
you the idea EBITDA margin can increase by two, three different way, 
as I told you, that when you have a top line will increase. Number 2 
some higher end product, some defence product and some of the 
backward integration. So yes in this industries there is a chance to 
achieve the 25% EBITDA margin but that we are focusing on EBITDA 
margin after this new 60 acre land will acquire. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Piyush, do you have a second question?  
 
Piyush Jain: 
Yeah I am asking. Am I audible?  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah.  
 
Piyush Jain: 
We have also given one slide where we have shown that we have 
supplied some machines to ISRO and HAL for the Chandrayaan or 
some other. So can you just give some bifurcation how much percentage 
of our revenue comes from defence or specifically to HAL or 
something? Any light on this where the defence segment is heading 
towards and share of NEXA machines. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Right now I think defence sector our total business in terms of the 
revenue is in single digit but right now we are focusing more on NEXA 
baskets but yes in future once we have a capacity because this defence 
and the government tender business machines are totally customized. 
Recently we have a INR3 crore machines order from HAL but it will 
take six months. So if we focus more on defence only then we cannot 
generate this much good revenue but right now in the new plant if we 
have a separate defence assembly shop, we have a different NEXA 
shop, we have a different turning shop we have a different technical 
collaborations shop. 
 
So we are planning on this but right now we are focusing on more on 
NEXA and general engineering, average price but in future in next 
financial years we will increase our market share for the defence sector 
also. But right now if we manufacture only defence because of space 
constraint one machine when we start the assembly it will dispatch after 
five to six months. So they can occupy our space so in new plant, 13 
acre plant we are putting the separate defence assembly shop right now 
our market share in the defence is less than single digit. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from Vishwas Singhal. 
Vishwas you can go ahead 
 
Vishwas Singhal: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yes. 
 
Vishwas Singhal: 
Sir, we were talking in your balance sheet we can see that the receivable 
amount is INR46 crores this time. So are we stuck only with the 
government payments or are we stuck with the private payments also? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If in the bank in the last days in the last week, we approved a letter this 
time that if the bank gives a sanction letter or commitment letter that 
this customer's loan of INR30 lakh is sanctioned and all the formalities 
is completed, we will release the payment after one week, you may 
dispatch the machines. We dispatched INR31.90 crore machines from 
which within 10 days we got INR21.35 crore machines. INR 10 crore 
machines we got their payment next month. Dealers also, we did an 
experiment to do stock and sell. We gave INR11 crore machines out of 
which INR6 crore we got within 10 days and the government's payment 
INR3.36 crore, is pending in today's date also. So in this is financial 
year or quarter time, we, on the letter bank's letter, NBFC's letter we are 
validating it, we don't stop the dispatches which we didn't do before. 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
We have received almost all payment except government tender 
business payment. 
 
Vishwas Singhal: 
Okay, sir. So according to this our almost 60% execution of Q1 is over 
so the three digit number which we have crossed, will we be able to 
surpass it? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I told you that every quarter will be highest ever from previous quarter. 
And overall growth story I told you of Macpower the 28% to 30% will 
be annually. But I am sure according to my opening inventory, 
according to the order book, according to the work we did in 1.5, 2 
months so according to that every quarter we will repeat the same story 
of highest ever. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will now take the follow-up question from Kumar 
Saurabh. Kumar you can go ahead please 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sir, so my question is on the margin, the aspirational margin of 23%, 
25%, it is going to be a 5-6 years journey. And you told us two levers 
in this. One is to make more NEXA machines and second is backward 
integration. So the question is to increase 1% EBITDA margin how 
much NEXA machines do we have to sell and now I think 34% of the 
cost of goods sold is being made in-house. So in the next 3, 4 years how 
much can this number go? And after doing all this in the next 2, 3 years 
let's see how much the margin improves given that it will still take time 
for the big land to come? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Now we are understanding that in 2027 if we work on the same margin 
but on the top line we will stretch a lot, so overall we will be concerned 
with the PAT. So I will assume that if the cost of my job work is 
increasing a little, suppose my margin is giving 1% impact on EBITDA 
so I will not stop the growth of the top line. Now this land of 13 acres, 
purely world class, world class means 21st generation assembly shop, 
centrally air-conditioned, dust-proof. So it will give us a new build in 
the market, a new image that Macpower is a world-class player. We will 
shift the entire assembly there.  
 
After that the 60-acre on that only slowly we will move forward of 
backward, defence and other units. But slowly we will try how much 
margin we can improve in EBITDA because if the top line increases 
definitely margins will also improve. But our goal is to match the 
productivity of the top line and this year, as I said, we will try to remain 
the same we will try to improve a little bit and the stretch of the top line 
28%, 30%. Same story for next financial year. And the journey of 25% 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
will not be gradual it will be together because when we put all the 
backward on 60 acres then we will see significant growth in the margin. 
 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Very good, sir. One last question sir. Last year we participated in 
Germany in the exhibition, and I think we showed export revenue of 
INR2 crores, INR3 crores. So in the next 1, 2 years our export… 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think this year what we are doing is an experiment of our entry in 
export. Our actual export focus is with our joint partner and the second 
new world class we will develop the assembly slot in 13-acre that will 
come from that. But even today I will not focus so aggressively because 
easy fruits are available here, low hanging fruits. India's consumption 
is only 2% if I talk about peers company they have as many products as 
I have. They have as many distribution networks as I have. So I have 
everything ready. I have to make it. So I will not focus that much on 
export now, because I have low hanging fruits. I have business, 
distribution network, product basket. I have to make it now. I have 
removed the constraint of plant capacity, because of the government we 
were delayed for 1.5 years. But we are not waiting for them. We will 
create a new expansion in this year.  
 
So export in the future after the big capacity is built. In today's date, in 
the next year from there more than revenue I want to take an experience 
that if I go to export in the future how can we understand this business 
we are moving ahead there are testimonial things. But the expenses 
there from marketing to the product basket there, we have to give CE 
Mark. We have it, but for that to make one machine it takes the time 
equal to making two machines for that. So after the separate entity is 
developed that this unit is working on export, this unit is working on 
defence we will move ahead with that vision. So we will not focus on 
export that much now. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. We will take the follow up question from Kanishk. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Kanishk: 
Sir, currently our CFO to PAT is around 40%. So sir, in long term 80% 
to 90% CFO to PAT till when can we see? And this year's CapEx what 
will be the number for FY27? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
What was the question?  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Cash flow from operations.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Cash flow from operations, so I think we are doing some CapEx so it 
will be the same. There will not be a significant improvement. 
Somewhere the money will be on CapEx or debtors or somewhere. Cash 
flow, I don't think it will increase rapidly. What was your second 
question? Kanishkji, your second question?  
 
Kanishk: 
Sir, what is the CapEx number for FY27?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In CapEx in existing unit in this year also INR10 crores, INR12 crores 
and in construction around INR30 crores. So CapEx will be around 
INR30 crores to INR40 crores.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
We will move to the next participant Hiren Modi. You can go ahead, 
please. 
 
Hiren Modi: 
Am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, Hiren bhai, you are audible.  
 
Hiren Modi: 
First of all, Jai Jinendra.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Your voice is coming from afar.  
 
Hiren Modi: 
It's coming from far. Is it clear?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, it is clear now.  
 
Hiren Modi: 
Am I audible now? Yes Jai Jinendra, Rupesh bhai. Congratulations for 
the great set of numbers. There are some points where I am little bit 
getting clarity -- I want the clarity from you. Sir, in March '24 you first 
announced that you are planning for 35 acres near Padri the land that 
was eventually increased to 60 acres. In the last concall, in February 
you mentioned that everything is clear and things are going to get signed 
up by March end. That is what you told at that time. So now you are 
telling that there is some election issues were there so things are again 
delayed by 2 months. So one of your point is very much clear that there 
are no hanging fruits over here. Indian economy is in a good shape and 
every manufacturing units require CNC machines. So I can't see that 
aggression within you, sir that from past 2 years the land is getting 
delayed. Now we are coming up with an option where we are going for 
a 25 year lease. So why that aggression is not there?  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
A company like us deserves much more to expand and to get more and 
more in a good CAGR you can move ahead. Sir I just wanted some 
clarity, I was confused. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
First of all, 35 acres land we identified the first land for 35 acres. After 
that 2 or 3 months, because as you know when you are asking the land 
from government, it will require more than 30, 35 different kind of 
clearance. So after so many clearance we have some issues in this 35 
acres land. So government said this land we cannot offer you. We can 
show you another land. And they showed us this 60 acres land. Now the 
process of the land start to end, A to Z is completed. After that they 
taken the token money also from us. After that there is a policy of 
defence and aeronautic. The policy is like you can get this land with the 
token rates. And after that this policy is expired on December. They 
extended this policy up to February. Now there is no policy because of 
election ministry of industries and bureaucrats are very much busy. And 
that's why this new policy, the draft already they had shown me is more 
advantageable than any other defence policy in Gujarat.  
 
So I am waiting for that policy. But if you can see my aggression is like 
that I am not waiting right now for this 60 acre land. This land will be 
coming once defence policy will announce within short time. But we 
are not waiting for this land right now. That's why we identified 13 acre 
land. And second thing is I am not ready to buy the land of INR40 crore 
if I want one land for one acre it's INR4 crore market rate. So I cannot 
generate the ROI. I am searching the land -- I don't want to sell the 
machine I wanted to earn the profit. So this land I identified the market 
value is INR40 crore. So if I spend 40 crore in this land -- so I am 
searching the land. They are ready to give me for the long lease.  
 
So these are the one and second thing is this 60 acre land, I told you it's 
already all the department procedure is completed. File is ready I can 
sign the tomorrow but I have to pay according to the market rate because 
there is no policy from the defence. So I am waiting for one or two 
months. Once this policy will announce we will sign and we will pay 
the balance payment. So we are aggressive and that's why we bought 
this 13 acre. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you. Since we are shooting ahead of time we will take the last 
question for the day from Darshan. Darshan you can go ahead please. 
 
Darshan G: 
Sir, we have a capacity of around 2,500 machines and average is around 
INR20 lakhs. So if we take a rough approximate so our peak revenue 
can be about INR500 crores. So when we expect the 3x to 4x of increase 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
in revenue, so is it safe to assume that this growth will come only after 
FY29 because it will take six months to get the land, to build up the 
plant we will also need 10, 12 months of gestation time. So is it safe to 
assume that the exponential growth that we are expecting that will come 
post FY29 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I never -- 100% growth year on year is not possible in this industry. 
There are very risky factors in this industry. Just by putting money that 
I put INR100 crores and now 300 has become 600. That will not happen. 
Resource 
management, 
manpower, 
technology, 
new 
product 
development. There are lots of aspect, we have to calculate. Supply 
chain because out of your 19,000 components there is no capacity with 
the supplier. So first you have to build that in-house. So on this subject 
I believe that any company, average, even if they put CapEx of 100% 
growth, in realization year on year they will not be able to do more than 
30% 40%. It's not possible only.  
 
So I assure you that year-on-year, this year and next year and after that 
also, this growth journey of 28% to 30% is remaining, continuing and 
in between if we have backward integration, they have supply chain and 
resource management is done properly then we will try to jump 40%, 
50% 
 
Darshan G: 
Sir but number doesn't add up. We expect 3x to 4x of revenue by FY30. 
So if we grow at 30% CAGR we will not be able to reach our target that 
we have shown in our presentation. So how do we plan to achieve that 
number? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir let me answer this. Darshan, you are assuming INR20 lakhs as the 
average realization per machine. The average realization is also moving 
up every year by year. So it is wrong to assume that we will only do 
INR20 lakhs per machine. On top of that when we mentioned the 
capacity is based on the traditional machining capacity, while we are 
doing more and more NEXA machines, where the average realization 
are also going up to INR1 cr. So it's only just for basic understanding 
that the capacity that we are defining. 
 
Darshan G: 
Understood. Thank you. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Okay, Vinayji.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sure. Sir would you like to give any closing comment before we end 
this call? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 28, 2026 03:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you very much Vinayji, to arrange this kind of nice concalls and 
thank you very much everyone who are participating in our concalls. 
And I am assuring you about our growth journey will remaining same 
on each and every quarter and year on year. Thank you very much. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you, sir, and thank you to all the participants for joining on the 
call. This brings us to the end of today's conference call. You can 
disconnect now. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
