 
Cipla Ltd. 
Regd. Office - Cipla House, Peninsula Business Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai-400 013, India 
P +91 22 41916000  W www.cipla.com   E-mail contactus@cipla.com   Corporate Identity Number L24239MH1935PLC002380 
 
15th May, 2026 
 
(1) 
BSE Ltd 
Listing Department                           
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500087 
 
 (2) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: CIPLA  
(3) 
SOCIETE DE LA BOURSE DE LUXEMBOURG 
Societe Anonyme 
35A Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
Sub: Q4 FY26 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company’s Q4 FY26 earnings conference call 
dated 13th May, 2026. The transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. 
https://www.cipla.com/sites/default/files/Cipla-Earnings-May13-2026.pdf 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cipla Limited 
 
 
Rajendra Chopra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
Prepared by: Gargi Sahasrabudhe 
 
RAJEND
RA 
CHOPRA
Digitally signed 
by RAJENDRA 
CHOPRA 
Date: 2026.05.15 
18:14:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Cipla Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 13, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ACHIN GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CIPLA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH ADUKIA – GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – CIPLA LIMITED 
 
MS. DIKSHA MAHESHWARI – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – CIPLA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Cipla Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. We have with 
us today Mr. Achin Gupta, MD and Global CEO; Mr. Ashish Adukia, Global CFO; and Ms. 
Diksha Maheshwari, Head, Investor Relations. I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Ms. Diksha Maheshwari. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Diksha Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon. Welcome to Cipla's Q4 FY26 Earnings Call. I'm Diksha 
Maheshwari from the Investor Relations team at Cipla. Let me draw your attention to the fact 
that on this call, our discussion will include certain forward-looking statements, which are 
predictions, projections or other estimates about future events.  
These estimates reflect management's current expectations of the future performance of the 
company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could cause 
our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. Cipla does not undertake 
any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
confirmation, future events or otherwise.  
I hope you have received the investor presentation that we have posted on our website. I would 
like to request Achin to take over. 
Achin Gupta: 
Thank you, Diksha. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth 
quarter earnings call for financial year 2026. 2026 was a year of milestones for us. We completed 
our 90th anniversary for the business, and we achieved significant milestones across all of our 
businesses, One India, North America, One Africa and EMEU.  
In India, we crossed a significant threshold with the business surpassing INR12,500 crores in 
revenues, underscoring the strength and resilience of our domestic franchise, which is our largest 
franchise. In North America, the successful generic Ventolin approval from our U.S. facility 
marked an important strategic inflection point and reinforced our R&D capabilities.  
Our one Africa business continued to deliver market-leading growth and our EMEU operations 
scaled meaningfully to become a $400 million-plus business unit. Together, these achievements 
highlight our disciplined execution and our commitment to sustainable as well as diversified 
growth across geographies.  
Now let me touch upon the individual businesses. Our One India business delivered a robust 
performance this quarter, growing at 15% year-on-year, driven by strong double-digit growth 
across Branded Prescription, Trade Generics as well as Consumer Health. Full year growth 
stands at 9% Y-o-Y.  
On the Branded Prescription business, our key chronic therapies, Respiratory, Anti-diabetes, 
Cardiac and Urology delivered a strong double-digit market growth. Our chronic mix stands at 
60% as per IQVIA MAT March '26. Foracort, our leading inhalation brand surpassed the revenue 
of INR1,000 crores, reaffirming its position as a respiratory market leader.  

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Meanwhile, Dytor, our cardiac brand, has established itself as a -- as a INR650 crores brand, 
delivering 25% Y-o-Y growth. This year, we expanded our presence in the IPM by adding 4 
brands with revenues exceeding INR100 crores, bringing the total to 33 such brands. And our 
footprint in the top 300 brands in the industry now has 23 such brands.  
This year, our growth has also been helped by a series of successful differentiated product 
launches across the core therapies. In Respiratory, we launched products into the inhalation 
franchise, including Foracort G Synchrobreathe, Ciphaler and the triple combination Voltido 
Trio, which are strengthening adherence while delivering therapeutic benefit.  
In antimicrobial resistance, we launched ZEMDRI, Cipenmet-Esblocip, which underlines our 
presence and leadership in resistant and critical infections and AMR. In urology, we launched a 
novel product called XTIKTR, which expands our leadership in nonantibiotic management of 
recurrent UTIs.  
In our diabetes franchise, we launched SGLT2-led portfolio, including Empagliflozin. And in 
dermatology, we launched an innovative solution, Pirfesca for scar management. Together, these 
launches reflect our execution strength. It reflects our focus on complexity and our commitment 
to driving sustainable growth through improved patient outcomes.  
During the year, we also enhanced our pipeline and portfolio through strategic partnerships. We 
entered into a collaboration with Eli Lilly for Yurpeak making our entry into the fast-growing 
obesity segment with best-in-class molecule. Our partnership with Mannkind Corporation of 
U.S. brought Afrezza India's first rapid-acting inhaled insulin, reinforcing our focus on 
differentiated diabetes solutions.  
And we also gained exclusive rights to Pfizer's key established brands, further strengthening our 
access to strong brands in the IPM. Additionally, the acquisition of Inzpera Healthcare enhanced 
our portfolio on pediatric and wellness product side. Put together, these efforts meaningfully 
enhance our portfolio and reinforce Cipla's long-term growth ambitions.  
On trade generics side, we continued the strong growth momentum, delivering double-digit 
growth Y-o-Y for the quarter as well as for FY '26. This performance was driven by focused 
execution across distribution, a robust pipeline of strategic new product launches and meaningful 
advancements in technology-enabled operations.  
We will continue to expand portfolio and use that as a key driver for growth with 17 new 
launches planned this year. Our Consumer Health business continued its strong upward growth 
trajectory with Nicotex, Omnigel and Cipladine consolidating their number 1 positions in their 
respective segments.  
The business is driving very healthy secondary growth and actively exploring opportunities to 
invest in products and channels to further expand our distribution network. Operating 
profitability has improved in CHL, reflecting the strength and scalability of our consumer health 
strategy.  

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Coming to North America, the business reported quarterly revenue of USD 155 million and an 
annual revenue of $780 million, supported by demand in our differentiated portfolio and a steady 
base business. Albuterol market share increased to 19.6% as per IQVIA MAT March '26. During 
the year, we advanced our portfolio with several key assets, including Liraglutide, Nintedanib 
and Dapagliflozin.  
Notably, we received regulatory approval for the first AB-rated generic Ventolin with CGT, 
representing the first commercial MDI product to be manufactured from our U.S. facility. This 
milestone reinforces our growing confidence and capability to deliver complex generics, not just 
from India, but also from our U.S. manufacturing facility.  
We are expecting to launch this product within the coming months. Our Goa facility, together 
with 2 U.S. facilities is well equipped to support the launch of all 4 respiratory assets planned 
for FY '27, enabling a seamless and well-coordinated supply to the market. Our One Africa 
business grew at an impressive 14% year-on-year growth rate during the quarter with a full year 
growth of 7% Y-o-Y in USD terms, powered by firm performance across key markets.  
In the private market, our secondary growth outpaced the market growth with 6.6% versus 4.8% 
for the market. In EMEU, our focused strategy on deep penetration has built a strong foundation, 
enabling the business to breach the USD 400 million revenue mark. This is despite the significant 
volatility that has been happening in the recent months because of the war.  
The business remained resilient during the quarter, navigating geopolitical uncertainty and 
disruptions with strength and discipline. It was led both by DTM and B2B categories alongside 
consistent margin stability and internal pipeline assets. On the regulatory front, during the year, 
U.S. FDA conducted and concluded inspections at 3 of our manufacturing facilities in India, 
Bommasandra in Bangalore, Sitec at Mumbai and Medispray in Goa, all of these inspections 
resulting in a VAI or NAI classification.  
This accomplishment reflects our sturdy dedication to quality, compliance and operational 
excellence. A quick update on our U.S. pipeline. We continue to prioritize organic investments 
with sustained focus on advancing R&D capabilities for the U.S. market in particular. We remain 
very confident in our U.S. business outlook, which is supported by a pipeline of nearly 40 to 50 
products to be filed over the next 3 years.  
And this includes 12 first to files and 8 B2 opportunities that we are targeting. In the Respiratory 
portfolio, 5 assets have been filed, including the generic Ventolin. 4 of these are expected to be 
commercialized in FY '27. We are also going to deepen this pipeline with 4 additional respiratory 
assets scheduled for filing over the next 24 months.  
Importantly, we remain committed to sustainability and innovation with 2 respiratory assets 
incorporating green propellant expected to be filed over the next 24 months as well. In Peptides 
& Complex Generics 8 assets are already filed with select launches projected between FY '27 
and '28. We aim to file 3 more Peptides & Complex Generics assets in the next 12 to 24 months.  
Additionally, we are working on Oligonucleotide, and we are also having 2 global biosimilar 
assets. One is undergoing clinical study under an IND and the other is in earlier stage of 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
development. We see biosimilars as a very large and underpenetrated opportunity. And with the 
recent change in some of the guidelines. 
We believe this to be an upcoming almost $200 billion opportunity with around 100 such 
biologics expected to lose exclusivity over the next decade. So we are going to enhance our 
efforts on biosimilars. We have a JV with Kemwell, which is focused on execution, which has 
an initial pipeline of respiratory assets and oncology assets.  
We are looking at adding at least 1 to 2 assets on in-house biosimilar development through this 
JV, which will really build our presence in the biosimilar space over the next 5 to 7 years. On 
the back of these ambitions and with a very solid foundation of execution, we are also 
accelerating our AI-led transformation.  
Our strength has always been on execution across quality manufacturing and regulatory. And 
with the AI transformation, we aim to become a leading AI-led pharma organization. We have 
invested in robust data and technology foundations, which allows us to scale this up in a 
structured and sustainable way and also in a very timely fashion. So we will be focusing a lot on 
driving efficiency, productivity and better decision-making with the help of AI over the coming 
months to coming years. I would now like to invite Ashish to present the financial and 
operational performance. 
Ashish Adukia: 
Thank you. Thank you, Achin. I'd like to present the key financial highlights for the quarter and 
the financial year. So we reported a quarterly revenue of INR6,541 crores. And as a result of 
that, we ended the year with INR 28,163 crores. The EBITDA margins for the quarter stood at 
15.2% and 21% for the year. And like every time, this does not include other income.  
The gross margin after material costs stood at 65.6% for the quarter and 66% for the full year. 
And this was primarily driven by the product mix in the revenue. Total expenses for the quarter 
include the employee cost and other expenses, which stood at INR3,296 crores. This was higher 
by about 10% Y-o-Y.  
Annually, the expenses were INR12,689 crores, which was again a similar percentage increase 
Y-o-Y. The increase in employee cost reflects our planned investments in talent, both to support 
our markets as well as to strengthen our manufacturing readiness in both India as well as in the 
U.S.  
Overall, the operating expenses also include continued investment in R&D, which stood at 
INR509 crores, which is at about 7.8% of the revenue for the quarter. And for the year, it was 
INR1,974 crores, which is at about 7% of the revenue. These investments are aligned with our 
pipeline priorities.  
It enables our new launches and it builds readiness for the upcoming products. As a result, we 
are scaling up our annual filings like it has been highlighted by Achin. In addition, we have 
started to see some impact of ongoing geopolitical situation within the operating expenses, which 
we are closely monitoring.  

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
In the near quarters, we don't see a meaningful impact. But in the future quarters as the revenue 
inventory gets consumed, you'll see that impact coming through. For the quarter, PAT stood at 
INR 555 crores, representing 8.5% of sales with an effective tax rate of 22.2%. On the full-year 
basis, the PAT amounts to INR3,879 crores, accounting to 13.8% of sales, while the ETR for 
the year is 25.9%.  
Our ROIC stood at 22.9% for the year. And of course, PAT also assumes a certain impairment 
that we have had during the quarter. Our free cash flow generation and operating efficiency 
continues to drive healthy net cash position. As of 31st March 2026, the debt on our balance 
sheet, including the lease liabilities stood at INR 614 crores with net cash equivalent balance at 
INR10,526 crores.  
Looking ahead, our key priorities will include for One India would be to focus on execution to 
sustain the growth momentum and to outperform the market in branded generic, trade generic 
as well as in consumer wellness. We will further strengthen our presence in chronic therapies, 
including Diabetes, Cardiology, Urology and Dermatology while maintaining the robust 
trajectory that we have built in Respiratory.  
In North America, we will concentrate on enhancing our commercial execution and accelerating 
new product introductions. And our aim is to cross $1 billion mark as a run rate towards the end 
of this financial year, i.e., FY '27. In South Africa, our focus will be on improving the private 
mix with correction in tender contribution.  
In EMEU our top priority is to drive top line growth by deepening penetration in core markets 
while maintaining a strong margin trajectory. Looking ahead to FY '27, supported by our ramp-
up of new launches and investments that we've made across our manufacturing facilities and 
ongoing expense optimization initiatives. 
We expect the EBITDA margins to be in the range of 18.5% to 20% and this would be actually 
achieved with a sequential improvement quarter-on-quarter with the key improvement being in 
the second half of the year. On an overall basis, you will have 18.5% to 20% kind of a range. 
And this guidance does not include any contribution from Lanreotide in FY '27. I'd like to thank 
you for your attention, and we'll revert back to the moderator to open up for the questions and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
Sir, should we open the floor for questions? 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes. Sure, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Your first 
question comes from the line of Vishal Manchanda from Systematix. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
During the quarter, did we kind of book any shelf stock adjustment for Revlimid? 
Achin Gupta: 
No. I think we had shared this in the last quarter as well. We did not have any SSA adjustments. 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And second, on generic Ventolin launch that you are expected to do next month. So just 
wanted to understand if the Innovator is supposed to launch a green version of Ventolin 
sometime by third quarter of this financial year. So hypothetically, if the innovator is replaced -
- is able to replace all of their Ventolin product with the new version, would that impact Cipla? 
Achin Gupta: 
Generic to the existing Ventolin. The switching to another variant is -- I think that will be a 
process, which is not an automatic process under the U.S. law at this point of time. So we do not 
anticipate any near-term impact of that change as and when the transition starts to happen. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And if you could update on the respiratory pipeline, the key assets, Advair, Symbicort, 
Qvar, Flovent? 
Achin Gupta: 
So I think as we had guided, we were expecting four approvals this year. Ventolin has already 
got approved. We are having different goal dates for different products. So during the year, we 
are expecting Advair, Symbicort and then one other asset to get approved. So this will happen 
during, I think H1 and 1 is H2 as well. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And what is holding back Advair for so long? 
Achin Gupta: 
I think your question is probably more historic. If you recall, we had OAI at our Indore facility. 
So we had to tech transfer to the U.S., which caused the delay. But now we are ready with 
everything. So it's just a matter of receiving the approval.  
Vishal Manchanda: 
And just one final one. 
Achin Gupta: 
Sorry just to complete went through a pre-approval inspection on our U.S. facility for this 
particular product. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
Got it. And just one final one. Do you expect to see any benefit out of the EU FDA for your 
respiratory portfolio because you source a lot of the basic devices from Europe? 
Achin Gupta: 
At this point, we are not expecting any meaningful impact of that. I think it's more business as 
usual at this point in time. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
So is there a change in the duty structure there? Or it remains the same pre and post EU FDA? 
Ashish Adukia: 
It remains the same. So there is no benefit as such. And in EU, we are already selling Respiratory 
devices, which are in-house. So there's no significant benefit that we see coming from EU FDA. 
Vishal Manchanda: 
My question was more from a sourcing standpoint, the key raw materials that come from Europe, 
would they be cheaper for you? 
Ashish Adukia: 
No. So it's -- we get some raw materials from there, especially on the devices side, but there's 
no any such benefit that we have out there. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Sidharth Negandhi from CWC. 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Just wanted to understand the specific initiatives around AI, which you mentioned. If you could 
share any specific initiatives that you've taken and anything -- any other pilot initiatives that you 
see scaling up in future? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So AI is a broad-based implementation that we are targeting, which will focus across 
multiple functions. And the difference between what used to happen in the past versus now is 
we are focusing on end-to-end processes versus small limited use cases. So this will be -- we 
have implementations across quality, regulatory, corporate functions and a lot of the R&D-
related use cases as well. So the idea is to use it in a way that helps obviously faster and better 
decision-making, but also ultimately gives us productivity benefits. 
Sidharth Negandhi: 
Right. And on the biosimilars front, I just wanted to understand in terms of your strategy for 
biosimilars, are you looking at in-licensing? Or are you looking at your own development? And 
what sort of a pipeline and time line are you looking at for that, both from a U.S. and EU 
perspective? And is that sort of accelerated given the new FDA draft guidelines? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So we have predominantly an in-house strategy where we have 2 assets currently under 
development for developed markets. One of them is already under clinical trial under an IND of 
U.S. We will be adding 1 to 2 assets each year, which will then, therefore, start resulting into a 
pipeline of 6 to 8 in-house assets over the next 5 to 8 years.  
On top of that, we are considering a limited amount of in-licensing where there are near-term 
opportunities that are not within our in-house portfolio. So for those, we are open to considering 
some in-licensing opportunities as well. But we see this as a newer space more so because of the 
changes to the guidelines, which have placed us in a good position where we can run these like 
the other complex projects, and we can benefit from the overall economics of developing these 
projects. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. 
Surya Patra: 
My first question is on the U.S. revenue guidance, what you are talking about, about $1 billion 
by the end of this year. Sir -- and also simultaneously, you have mentioned that in your guidance 
for '27, you have not factored Lanreotide. So that means in your expectation for FY '26, you are 
not considering Lanreotide. And obviously, this Lenalidomide is not there.  
So if we kind of deduct these two product revenue from the $780 million annualized revenue of 
FY '26 for U.S. So the number what you're talking about is almost like double the size of base 
U.S. business of FY '26. So what is the kind of a bridge that you are talking about where from 
this revenue buildup that will happen? Can you give some clarity, sir? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So the guidance, I just wanted to clarify is a $1 billion run rate by the end of the year. We 
are not guiding for $1 billion revenue during the year, right? And the reason for that is because 
a lot of this is contingent on pipeline maturing. So we have 1 approval already in hand. As we 
mentioned, there are 3 other respiratory approvals.  
There's one big peptide approval, and there are 3 other products which have already got approved 
in the year, smaller assets, et cetera. So as these products get approved, our run rate will keep 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
improving, and we will get to that $1 billion by the end of FY '27. Which puts us in a very good 
position because what -- historically, we were shy of that, we would want to see the year ending 
at a good run rate of $1 billion in the U.S. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. So that means kind of in the second half, we will see a run rate of almost like $100 million 
incremental revenue versus the quarterly run rate in the first half? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes.  
Surya Patra: 
Okay. And now is it fair -- I mean since you have mentioned that Lanreotide, you have not 
factored while guiding the margin for the year. So is it -- so what is the outlook that we are 
giving for Lanreotide for this year and for the subsequent period given the kind of total disruption 
that we are currently seeing for that molecule? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So for Lanreotide, we have the partner who is working on the remediation efforts. And 
that's in full swing, and we are helping them as much as possible on navigating that part. So I 
think maybe by next quarter, we'll have closer visibility on their exact remediation time lines, 
which will also include a reinspection from the FDA.  
So that we can come back and guide after a quarter. But in parallel, we have also identified 
alternate supplier for this -- alternate manufacturing site, which will be based out of the U.S. So 
the objective is to be able to file by early next year -- next calendar year or Q4 of this financial 
year. That gives us a two-pronged approach to overcome this. And so I think it will come back. 
It's a very interesting opportunity being a long-acting injectable. And once we are able to resolve 
either of these 2 and now we have two shots at the goal. We will be back in this definitely from 
an FY '28 perspective, it will be. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Sir, on Ventolin, that is the next question. So when we already mentioned that we have 
around 22% kind of -- or more than 20% kind of market share in the Albuterol market itself in 
the U.S. So now with another variant of Albuterol is getting approved, do you find any changes 
to the kind of market dynamic in terms of the pricing or in terms of the competition or in terms 
of your scope in Albuterol as a whole, whether it will lead to incremental business or not since 
it is a variant of albuterol only and the prescription would be based on Albuterol HFA that way? 
Achin Gupta: 
No. These are different products because they get substituted to the different innovator products. 
So it's a different NDC, different market. And we have CGT on the generic Ventolin. So we will 
actually be exclusive for a 6-month period. And we expect a significant uptick. There is no 
cannibalization that will happen on the other variant, which is a generic to another variant of 
same molecule. So we're more likely to take the share from the existing Ventolin suppliers rather 
than going from the other franchise. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Just last one question from my side, sir. Is there any scope of rationalization of the cost 
on the cost front, see because if the revenue is likely to slide on the U.S. front, particularly, so 
are we likely to see any reduction in any cost line item for FY '27? 
Achin Gupta: 
So look, there are two parts talking on a number of productivity enhancement measures, which 
will help us optimize the cost, including some of the tech-related transformation that we spoke 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
about. But the short term, there are disruptions because of the war situation on sourcing side. So 
right now, we're having visibility to what we've seen so far.  
But if it prolongs, that's something that is still yet to be quantified. But to answer your question 
on basic efficiencies and productivity, yes, we are working on that, and it will materialize as we 
go through during the year. There's one more point which I think you should keep in mind is we 
had invested in our North America facilities for these complex products. And so far, the cost has 
been there in the last quarter or 2, but the revenues have not commensurately come. So we will 
see that corresponding revenue with the new launches. And therefore, the economies of scale 
will improve as we go along. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on the R&D connecting R&D spend overall almost INR2,000 crores and -- but at the 
same time, very few ANDAs being filed. So is it that the R&D spend for ANDA is significantly 
higher maybe for FY '26, '25 compared to the earlier, let's say, the philosophy of R&D spend for 
ANDA? That's my first question? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. Actually, we have gone up products, including some First-to-Files, which are on 
Oligonucleotide side as well. So we've gone into more respiratory, more peptide and more Oligo, 
which is resulting in higher spend per filing. 
Ashish Adukia: 
And some of these also involve litigation cost as well. So that also leads to higher R&D spend, 
which has got everything in that R&D spend that you see, both API cost, your R&D that you 
buy, litigation, et cetera, et cetera. And of course, some of these Oligonucleotide, et cetera, we 
go outside to CRO, CMOs as well. So there is also cost involved in that. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So sir, typically, at least for without getting into product specific details, but let's say for 
Respiratory and Oligo products, like per ANDA R&D spend broad number you would like to 
call out? 
Achin Gupta: 
I think that's very case specific. So it's difficult to call out an average number. We are guiding 
towards 7%-ish on R&D spend as a percentage of sales. And we're also going to -- I think in the 
mix, the mix will also change slightly in the coming year because, as I said, 40 to 50 filings with 
Respiratory with First-to-Files and certain number of peptides, et cetera. So hard to put a metric 
on per filing because the nature of that filing changes a little bit. But our endeavor is to go after 
complex opportunities, which keeps the business sustainable and NPV per project has to be high 
right, that's the internal criteria. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. And secondly, the Albuterol market share has sort of reduced quarter-over-quarter 
while the number was at 19.5% it moved up to 22%, and we are now back to 19.5%. Anything 
to read through in that? 
Ashish Adukia: 
No. I think it's hardly a reduction that you see out there of 0.4% or so that we've seen. So I think 
19% to 20% or rather 19.5% to 20% is something that you should pencil in -- we are ranked out 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
there. And if the supply was -- if you could supply more, then we could -- there's a potential to 
increase the share as well. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just to complete on the R&D part, is this Indore regulatory issue also one of the reason for, 
let's say, is the delay in filing because of the regulatory issue at Indore site or the Indore site 
classification has got nothing to do with the filing of the assets? 
Ashish Adukia: 
No. So now we have derisked out of Indore. So our assets are filed from U.S. And one of the 
assets we are doing from Goa because Goa is here. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
No, no. I was referring to, let's say, prospective filing, not the ones which are already filed. Let's 
say, where we do R&D spend, where the product probably from validation or exhibit batches 
are ready but because of classification at Indore site, the acceptance of filing by U.S. FDA, is 
there that kind of a delay also happening? 
Ashish Adukia: 
Same likewise for potential filings also, we are focusing more on Goa and U.S. sites. And Indore, 
I think we will accelerate as and when -- as soon as it clears. Yes. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. And just lastly on Ventolin, this product will see a gradual pickup in terms of market 
share? Like what's your strategy, if you could highlight, given while we have exclusivity, but 
will the pickup be gradual enough or we can have a sizable business in, say, 2 to 3 quarters time 
line? 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes. So you will see towards second half a ramp-up happening in generic Ventolin. Though we 
will launch it within the quarter 1 and quarter 1, yes, but the ramp-up will happen in half 2. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Capacity won't be the constraint for this product? 
Ashish Adukia: 
No. We have U.S. facility for it. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
From the device combination as well perspective?. 
Ashish Adukia: 
From big, sorry, come again? 
Tushar Manudhane: 
From the drug device while drug would be there from... 
Ashish Adukia: 
Not a problem at all on the devices side. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Damayanti Kerai with HSBC. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My question is again on your U.S. exit guidance of $1 billion in FY '27. So you indicated a 
couple of interesting products in respiratory peptides, et cetera, which can help you to achieve 
this rate. So my 2 questions there. What kind of visibility you have on these products, which 
gives you confidence that you can receive approval in this year? And second is for some of the 
bigger assets, what kind of risk mitigation strategies which you have already implemented? So 
if you can elaborate on these 2 points? 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Ashish Adukia: 
No, see I think it's -- in terms of confidence in each of these assets, we are seeing some 
developments happening. Like for example, in Advair, now you've had a PAI that has happened. 
Okay. Ventolin where we were expecting around the same time we've got the approval. In certain 
other assets also, there is an ongoing discussion readiness that is there.  
Of course, we can't anticipate when the approval will come through. But some of them, we are 
aware of the goal date, et cetera. Well for quarter 3, quarter 4 ramp-up to happen to $1 billion 
kind of a run rate. And that's what we have envisaged in our business plan. And from facility 
point of view, all these facilities are also derisked. So from internally, it's only pending approval 
from internally we are ready to kind of launch these assets as soon as the approval comes. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. So when you say facilities issues are derisked, so most of these filings are filed from 2 
sites, say from India and from U.S. Is that the case? 
Ashish Adukia: 
No, that won't be the case. Right now, these are filed from U.S. or from Goa, you will have 1 or 
2 assets filed. But -- and these are respiratories that I'm talking about. The peptide is with a 
partner site outside. So we don't anticipate -- that we don't anticipate any risk in the facility. Goa 
has recently got inspected as well. There are 2 observations we are waiting -- we have responded 
to those observations. We are waiting for the classification. I can't comment on that. But 
nevertheless, that's the status of our visibilities here. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Sure. My second question is on your India business. So obviously, fourth quarter, I believe, is 
very strong. And full year, you ended at 9% growth for the segment. So when we look ahead, 
say, '27, '28, do you think you can outpace IPM growth in, say, next 1 or 2 years or it might take 
slightly longer because the market growth also improved in recent time, we are seeing around 
low double-digit growth for market. So on that perspective, you are just like close by, but not 
outpacing the market as of now? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So we are confident that we'll be able to deliver a strong double-digit growth as well as a 
market beating growth in FY '27, '28. And we've been seeing that consistent trend over the last 
couple of quarters. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Okay. So you think it's possible. Okay. And my last question is on your gross margin trends. If 
qualitatively, you can give some color given now your product pipeline is becoming more 
complex generics heavy. So in that sense, how should we look at your gross margins in the near 
term or in medium term? 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes. See, it's a large mixed bag in the gross margin. So there are many factors that go into it. So 
like in the last quarter, I had highlighted that we had R&D cost, material costs going up due to 
which the gross margin had got impacted. So some bit of that has got reversed in this quarter 
where the margin is better because also not just the product mix, but also because the R&D 
material cost was lower in comparison to the previous quarter that you saw.  
I think the way I look at it is that, of course, Lenalidomide was a high margin up. But most of 
our Respi assets that are coming are mostly in-house products. So in-house products will always 
give you a higher end of the margin more than the company average that you're seeing today.  

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
So it will only accrete to your company gross margin. But at the same time, some of the peptides 
that we're talking about in Oligo, Oligo is much later, but peptides that we're talking about, they 
are partnered products. So while the gross margin could be high out there, but there is also a 
profit share as a royalty that we end up paying, which goes into gross to net.  
So therefore, your gross margin in those products will be after the profit share, which kind of 
brings it down. But at the same time, the SNDA et cetera, in the U.S. at least is not much. So it 
is accretive significantly to your EBITDA margin. In India, we are moving more and more 
towards chronic.  
So chronic will definitely come with 5% to 10% better gross margin. And we are keeping a very 
tight control on how much what ILDs we do. So keeping all these things in mind, I think gross 
margin should have a positive bias. And the last thing that I just want to highlight is that 
generally, you will see in the results also there are strong control that we have over cost.  
So every year, we take some target to actually reduce the cost such that it is lesser than the 
revenue growth that you see out there. So I think these are the things that we take care of. Of 
course, there is this whole geopolitical and war risk that is there. We had some impact of that in 
quarter 4. We have some impact in quarter 1 not significant though. But some of these 
inventories that you're buying today as it gets consumed in second half, there may be some cost, 
but that's temporary. Like I think your question was more around longer-term sustainable? 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yes. 
Ashish Adukia: 
From the term I've talked about, but there may be some blips here and there because of the 
reasons that I mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Nikhil Mathur with HDFC Mutual Funds. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
I'm sorry to be hopping on the U.S. guidance. One clarification. When you're saying that you 
will be at a $1 billion exit run rate, does it include Lanreotide or it doesn't include any 
contribution from Lanreotide? 
Achin Gupta: 
At the moment, we've left that out of this guidance. So that will be an upside to plan if we can 
successfully get back in the market before that. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. So if I analyze this quarter's U.S. revenue, you are at around $620 million. We are talking 
about $1 billion exit. So this is about $380 million of incremental revenue. Just wanted to 
understand the skewness of this $380 million. So there are, I think, 6, 7 products that you are 
launching this year? 
How -- what kind of contribution will be from one or two products in this incremental revenue? 
Will it be skewed towards one or two products or can there be equitable distribution among 6, 7 
products? Because it's -- I'm just asking so it doesn't create a big risk in FY '28 because if 
competition comes in, then again, you kind of face a situation which you faced in Revlimid this 
year? 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Achin Gupta: 
So Nikhil, in terms of annualized revenues from these products, I think a couple of them, we are 
expecting $100 million plus annualized opportunities, right? And the other 2 are also significant, 
right? So -- and then there's -- so this is respiratory and then there's a peptide asset, which is also 
big.  
So we are expecting big contributions. I think the reason we are not able to give a quarter-wise 
kind of breakup or a product-wise breakup is because the timing of launch, if it moves 1 or 2 
months, that affects the full year number. But run rate-wise, assuming we have these launches, 
we will be able to cross that run rate by the end of the year. So there are 2, 3 big opportunities 
and a couple of medium-sized opportunities. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Got it. And what kind of a tail are we looking at in these plus $100 million opportunities? I 
mean, can they continue for, let's say, a couple of years, '28 and '29 or in '28 onwards only, we 
can see some bit of erosion starting to happen? 
Achin Gupta: 
So see, these are not like the 6-month exclusivity kind of opportunities. So even if competition 
enters, they will taper off slowly, right? So they are more like the way to look at it is what you 
saw in our Albuterol or what you saw in our Lanreotide prior to supply disruption issues. These 
are more steady opportunities. So where we have to manage some level of price erosion, but not 
a cliff kind of scenario, right? So these are steady opportunities. 
Ashish Adukia: 
And if there is a price erosion with new competition coming in, you may see some volume going 
up. So you'll have to manage it as a dollar value rather than looking at it as volume or a price 
gain. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Understood. On the India business, can you quantify the contribution from your peak in 4Q? I 
imagine it's only 4Q where your peak would have contributed, not in 3Q, right? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes, it wasn't that large because real sales started happening in Jan, so Jan, Feb, March. We've 
seen growth internally in secondaries. April also, we saw an improvement over March on 
secondaries. But yes, I mean, it's not out of the 15% overall One India we've reported, it's not 
going to be a meaningful percentage. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Sub 1%? Is that the sub-1% or sub-2%? Is that how we should read it? 
Ashish Adukia: 
I think those figures are broadly available in the market. If you look at IQVIA, I'll give you a 
direction of how much primary we are doing. 
Nikhil Mathur: 
Okay. And is there any M&A component or in-licensing component that I might have missed, 
which is also leading to this double-digit growth in 4Q? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes, we had in-licensing of some Pfizer products. We had a small acquisition of a business called 
Inzpera. Yes. So base will still be double digit. 
Ashish Adukia: 
I think the presentation also we had mentioned, I think the 4 last time or we've always announced 
the three, four IDs and acquisitions that we've made. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Saion Mukherjee with Nomura. 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Saion Mukherjee: 
I think over the next, let's say, 2, 3 years, how should we think about your capital deployment, 
both, let's say, organically or inorganically, if you can give any color the kind of assets and 
capabilities that you're looking at? 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes. So look, I think we are preparing for a solid growth over the next 5 years and beyond. And 
for that, I think the number1 deployment is going to be on R&D side. So we have plans to 
accelerate R&D pipeline. So Respiratory assets, we have some under approval, more which we 
are filing.  
Complex products, which we outlined was peptides, other differentiated products. But also we're 
going to step up on biosimilar side, where we would want to do roughly 6 to 8 internally. And 
if we find a couple of good opportunities, we can supplement through inorganic as well, so that 
will consume some capital.  
Then we have capex, which we have increased steadily over the last 3 years. So this cycle will 
probably reduce after another year or so because we've built enough capacity for the products 
that we want to supply. And beyond that, we will be led more by productivity initiatives. On top 
of that, inorganic, we are interested in looking at assets. We evaluate several assets.  
Our bias is more towards differentiated specialty kind of products for developed markets, which 
is U.S. and Europe, which give us a more sustainable growth and some capabilities as well. So 
I think those are the areas where we would want to deploy capital in order to sustain the entire 
trajectory over a longer period of time. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yes. Anything in India or emerging markets like more in branded generic space you think Cipla 
would be looking at or this would be largely organically built? 
Ashish Adukia: 
So India, we've actually put a slide in the investor deck on the partnerships we've done. 
Acquisition, a large acquisition in India is a little difficult for us because we are a number2, 
number3 player. We're actually number1 by volume. So whenever we start looking at some of 
these, there is a significant overlap that we have to account for. So emerging markets Europe 
remains a very good opportunity for us. We're looking at that. And if we find opportunities where 
we get business plus capabilities, that would excite us a little bit more because then that gives 
us the platform for future growth as well. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Right. Actually just one clarification because the cash on balance sheet is pretty large now. And 
the kind of expansion organically and inorganic opportunity, it appears that it won't get 
consumed. So I mean, are we even thinking about high dividend payout? What are your thoughts 
on the cash that you have on your books now? 
Ashish Adukia: 
So see, there are opportunities to deploy. We need to be selective. We -- when we look at it as 
in absolute rupee terms, it looks high. But if you were to chase 1 or 2 large transactions, 
meaningful transactions, this is not a very high amount of cash. So I don't think we are worried 
about the cash on our books.  
It gives us flexibility and it gives us opportunities to look at options which can help the future 
growth of the organization. At the same time, we do remain selective because the kind of 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
opportunities that we are looking at have to really pass all our filters in terms of diligence and 
adding strategic value. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Neha Manpuria with Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
A quick question on the India business. I think you mentioned we grew double digit in the trade 
generic business, and I see we are growing double digit in consumer health care as well in FY 
'26. So is it fair that the branded generic business has actually been pretty muted for the entire 
year? Therefore, what gives us confidence that we'll be able to beat India growth in the next 
year? 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So I think we mentioned that all the 3 segments of the business have done really well in -- 
especially Q3 and Q4. Q1, we had a muted quarter on the branded Rx business. But that is behind 
us now, right? There were reasons related to seasonality, et cetera, but we've not seen those 
similar reasons as we started this particular financial year.  
So -- with the products we have and the strategies that are there, we are quite confident, and 
we've seen that trend now over at least 2 quarters, which gives us confidence that this will 
continue. And also, we should still acknowledge that acute is a fair representation in our mix in 
comparison to other players and market, okay? So -- and that is season dependent. And last 
couple of years, we've had a challenging season. So we have to work much harder in other part 
of our portfolio to achieve that growth, which at least we've been able to do in the second half 
of the year. 
Neha Manpuria: 
So in that case, given that we've had a fairly low base on seasonality, ideally, even a normal 
season should give you that tailwind for India growth this year, right? That would be a fair 
assumption, even if we didn't have like even a normal season should help. 
Achin Gupta: 
Yes. So that's why we're saying we are confident about the double-digit growth because we -- 
the seasonal patterns don't happen too many years in a row, right? So I think the base was low 
for last year on some of these acute things, but also the chronic portion, particularly diabetes, 
cardiology has grown significantly. So we have also diversified beyond that seasonality 
dependent portfolio. So yes, we will overcome this. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. And my second question is on the margin guidance that we mentioned, 18.5% to 20%. 
Given that a lot of the U.S. growth will be -- the high-value launches will be second half 
weighted. Is it fair to assume that in the second half, our margins could be north of the 20% 
range and therefore, the average that you've given? Would that be a fair assumption? 
Ashish Adukia: 
Yes. So that's exactly what I had mentioned initially that in 18.5% to 20% that we're guiding, it 
will be more in the favor of H2 where you will have better than average and first 2 quarters 
where we don't have the benefit of new launches, we will see a lower margin than the average 
that we're giving. So yes, that's the trend that you will see. 
Moderator: 
We take our last question for today from the line of Vivek Agarwal from Citigroup. 

 
 
Cipla Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Vivek Agarwal: 
I'm just again trying to understand your EBITDA margin guidance. Given the outlook you 
provided for the U.S. business, $1 billion plus run rate and India double-digit growth in FY '27, 
this 18.5% to 20% appear a bit conservative. So just trying to understand, have you baked in 
significant impact of, let's say, input cost increase or impact of geopolitical situation, etcetera or 
anything that is holding you back from giving a better guidance? 
Ashish Adukia: 
See, I think we have made a lot of investment in the last 1 or 2 years, both on people as well as 
on R&D. And both these costs is going to sustain. People costs will continue to be high because 
we've made manufacturing facilities and to add the field force etcetera. I think more or less that 
investment phase is coming to an end.  
But of course, that people cost is now sitting with us and revenue of that will start coming in, 
like Achin had said later with the new launches coming in. R&D also, while it is discretionary 
and in hand, but still will continue to be at about 6% to 7%, but more biased towards 7% because 
we are increasing the number of programs, etcetera.  
So therefore, I think 18.5% to 20% is a fair margin to assume. We are taking in more moderate 
kind of war risk and we are hoping that it's temporary and not really going to sustain. If it 
sustains, then of course, this margin we'll still try to mitigate through other measures. But 
nevertheless, we're not factored in a very long-term kind of sustained impact of that. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Understood. And given that you are suggesting 2H margins to be better than 1H, and it will 
affect new launches in the U.S. So is it fair to understand that '28 margins or F '28 margins can 
be materially different or better than F '27? 
Ashish Adukia: 
I think that would be our target, right? So we will obviously work towards continue to improve 
our targeted margin. To be fair, I think it should 20 plus is something that we should anyway 
sustain going forward. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Last question on one product Nintedanib. So how material this product can be? So is it a very 
short-term opportunity for 2, 3 months or it can last throughout this year. You can help us 
understand. 
Achin Gupta: 
It's not a very large product, but we've got good market share. So it's doing well for us. We've 
had a few other launches as well already in the year. But these are not -- I would not call them 
out separately. They're not of that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Diksha Maheshwari for closing comments. 
Diksha Maheshwari: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining in. If you have any further questions, please write it to 
investor.relations@cipla.com. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Cipla Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
