Information Classification: UTI AMC - Public 
Ref. No.: UTI/AMC/CS/SE/2026-27/0658 
  Date: 28th April, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza Plot No. C/1 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra East Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol: UTIAMC 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Scrip Code / Symbol: 543238 / UTIAMC 
Sub:  Transcript of the earnings conference call on financial performance of the Company 
for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2026 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the SEBI 
Listing Regulations) and as per the relevant SEBI Circulars, we are forwarding the transcript of 
the earnings conference call held on Thursday, the 23rd April, 2026 at 1800 hrs IST on the financial 
performance of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 31st  March, 2026. 
The transcript of the aforesaid earnings conference call is also available on the Company’s website 
at  www.utimf.com in compliance with Regulation 46 of the SEBI Listing Regulations. 
Thanking you, 
For UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Arvind Patkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: ACS 21577 
Encl: As above 
Arvind 
Bhagwan 
Das Patkar
Digitally signed by 
Arvind Bhagwan Das 
Patkar 
Date: 2026.04.28 
14:29:03 +05'30'

 
Information Classification: UTI AMC - Private 
UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q4 & FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
April 23, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the UTI Asset Management Company Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
From the management, we have with us, Mr. Vetri Subramaniam - Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer; Mr. Vinay Lakhotia - Chief Financial Officer and Head (Corporate Strategy) 
and Mr. Sandeep Samsi - Head (Investor Relations, Marketing and Corporate Communications). 
We also have with us the Investor Relations team from AdFactors PR. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Please 
note, the disclaimer mentioning these risks and uncertainties are on the disclaimer slide of the 
Investor Relations presentation that has been shared earlier. 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Vetri Subramaniam for opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on this call. Our financial results, 
presentation and press releases have been shared on the stock exchanges as well as on our 
website and we trust you have had the opportunity to review them. 
Today, I am joined by my colleagues, Vinay Lakhotia, CFO and Head of Strategy, and Mr. 
Sandeep Samsi, Head of Investor Relations, Marketing and Corporate Communications. 
Before I take this opportunity to provide you with a brief perspective on the market scenario, 
our performance and our way forward, I would like to take a moment to thank UTI 
Shareholders, Board and Trustees for the confidence and trust they have reposed in me in 
continuing to build on UTI's legacy. Having been closely associated with this organisation for 
nearly a decade, I believe we have built a strong foundation across our investment capabilities, 
distribution and technology. 
Our focus now is to accelerate growth from this base to improve our growth and continue 
delivering long-term value to all the stakeholders. 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Let me begin with a brief overview of the macroeconomic environment and industry trends: 
The year FY25-26 has been a year of resilience in investor behavior, even as markets have 
witnessed volatility. 
The key differentiator has not been the short-term movement in flows, but the enduring 
structural stability in investor behaviour towards financial assets and of course, particularly 
mutual funds. Despite global uncertainties, whether in geopolitical developments, trade shifts 
or capital flows, India's fundamental growth drivers have remained intact. Domestic demand 
continues to be strong and the financialization of savings is clearly sustaining momentum. We 
have been seeing this clearly in the growth in Systematic Investment Plan investments. 
Talking now about equities and mutual funds in particular: 
On the industry trends: 
FY25-26 continued to witness strong retail investor participation, total mutual fund folios at 
approximately 27.39 crores as of March 2026. Retail mutual fund folios, equity plus hybrid and 
solution-oriented schemes increased to around 20.82 crores. The industry's average assets 
under management reached Rs. 79.46 lakh crores as of March 2026, demonstrating steady 
expansion driven by both market performance and sustained inflows. Retail AUM stood at Rs 
42.89 lakh crores, and this underlines the growing contribution of individual investors to the 
overall mutual fund industry. SIPs continue to be a key driver of flows and investor discipline. 
The monthly SIP contribution stood at Rs 32,087 crores in March 2026 while SIP AUM reached 
nearly Rs 15 lakh crores accounting for 19.94% of overall MF industry AUM. While there has 
been some moderation in inflows across certain categories in recent months, investor 
participation remains broad-based. Industry equity mutual fund inflows stood at Rs 40,450 
crores in March 2026. This is remarkable and indicates continued interest in equities as an asset 
class inspite of intermittent market volatility. 
Let me now move on to talk a little bit about our company’s performance and I will take you 
through performance highlights: 
The Financial Year 2025-2026 has been a year of strong execution across our core strategic 
priorities from strengthening retail flows, deepening distribution relationships, scaling our 
product franchise and investing in technology-led operating leverage. We have also undertaken 
several structural initiatives to strengthen the operating platform and expanded our 
geographic presence in a calibrated manner while maintaining net zero incremental costs by 
managing branch operations efficiently. 
We have significantly improved our supervisor-to-feet-on-street ratio from approximately 1:1 
to 1:5 over these recent years with one manager now overseeing around 5 relationship 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
managers. Our total employee strength, which stood at 1,402 employees as of March 2024, is 
now at 1,248 as of March 2026. 
Talking about the group: 
UTI Group's total AUM stood at Rs 23.42 lakh crores as of March 31, 2026. Our mutual fund 
AUM reached Rs 3.88 lakh crores compared to Rs 3.39 lakh crores last year. In FY26, we added 
7.16 lakh new investors as identified by their PANs, taking our total folio base to 1.38 crores. 
During the year, our gross new SIP registrations crossed 14.5 lakh of which 76% were through 
digital channels. 
On the product side, we successfully launched the UTI Multicap Fund which mobilized about 
Rs 1,000 crores with strong participation across banks, national distributors and MFDs. In 
addition, our UTI Arbitrage Fund crossed the Rs 10,000 crores AUM milestone during the year. 
Our passive business continues to scale well with ETF AUM at Rs 18,963 crores and Index Fund 
AUM at Rs 5,934 crores, aggregating to Rs 24,897 crores during the year and we continue to 
maintain leadership position in the Smart Beta category. 
We expect our momentum in this passive business will continue to be supported by a robust 
pipeline of new launches during the coming year. 
On the institutional side of our business, which falls under our PMS division, both the EPFO and 
CMPFO concluded the process of appointing new portfolio managers through an open bidding 
system. For the third consecutive term, UTI AMC was selected as one of the portfolio managers 
for EPFO. 
In the case of CMPFO, we were chosen as one of the two portfolio managers for the second 
consecutive term. Both mandates have been awarded for a tenure of 5 years.  
Switching to our pension fund business, our pension business grew during the year with total 
AUM at Rs 4.02 lakh crores, representing a 11.8% increase year on year, while the private sector 
pension AUM grew by 46% year on year. This continues to remain an important strategic 
growth area for us. An important area of focus for us through the year has been digital 
transformation and productivity enhancement. Our digital business initiatives have delivered 
strong outcomes, including a 234% increase in revenue, 33% increase in transactions, and a 
31% reduction in cost per transaction. 
We recently launched one of the industry's first AI-powered contact centre solutions, VAANI, 
which has already automated 59% of our inbound calls. This has materially improved customer 
response time and service efficiency. We also launched an in-app WhatsApp payment facility 
via CAMSPay and are the first AMC in India to offer this service to investors to transact and 
engage in live chat via WhatsApp and make payments. 

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
To bridge the gap between complex financial insights and reach a diverse investor base, we 
also launched an industry-first AI-translated vernacular initiative with the launch of our 
monthly fact sheets in Hindi. We are also translating our fund manager communications into 
eight regional languages – Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi, Bengali, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and 
Malayalam – to provide our views in regional languages for our pan-India audience. As mutual 
funds go deeper and deeper into the heartland of India, we think being able to provide 
communication in different languages will hold us in good stead. 
From an investment performance standpoint, we continue to remain focused on process 
consistency and disciplined execution. In fixed income, 50% of our AUM ranked in the top two 
quartiles over the one-year period and 60% over the three-year period. Similarly, our hybrid 
strategies and value-oriented strategies have continued to show strong long-term performance 
in the equity space. 
Our passive strategies have a consistent track record of low tracking difference, which is very 
important in terms of the investor outcomes. Our equity research coverage has further 
expanded in line with the growth in the market. This strengthens our ability to identify 
opportunities across market segments. 
Overall, FY25-26 has been a year when we have strengthened our business across distribution, 
product capability, digital infrastructure, and institutional trust and I would add also a very 
significant people refresh. 
Going ahead, our foremost strategic priority is to grow our mutual fund AUM while building a 
more resilient, diversified, and scalable franchise, all to be done while maintaining strong cost 
discipline. 
With that, I will now request Sandeep to take you through the operational and financial 
performance of the company in detail. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Thank you sir. I will speak about UTI AMC's performance during the 4th Quarter and for the 
Full Year ended 31st March 2026. 
Speaking about UTI Mutual Fund's performance: 
UTI was able to capture a market share of 5.5% of the gross sales of the industry during this 
quarter and market share of 6.1% of the gross sales for the financial year FY26. 
Our equity quarterly average AUM for March 2026 stood at Rs. 95,824 crores, rising by 5.46% 
as compared to the quarter ended March ‘25. Our quarterly average AUM for the index and 
ETF funds stood at Rs. 1,76,673 crores, up by 24.86% in the 4th Quarter. ETF and index funds' 
annual net inflow stood at Rs. 24,897 crores. In FY25-26, we added 7.16 lakh new investor 
PANs, taking our total folio base to 1.38 crores. 

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Our SIP AUM witnessed a growth of 5.91% over the corresponding quarter of last year, reaching 
to Rs. 39,813 crores as of March ‘26. The SIP inflows for the 4th Quarter stood at Rs. 2,457 
crores. The SIP gross inflows for UTI mutual funds witnessed a year-on-year growth of 13.42%, 
with an average SIP ticket size being Rs. 3,381 for March 2026. 
For the full year, SIP inflows were Rs. 9,442 crores, higher by 13.42% as compared to Rs. 8,325 
crores in FY25. The active SIP folios as on 31st March 2026 stood at 29.53 lakhs, a 9.71% growth 
as compared to March ‘25. 
Speaking about UTI AMC's financials: 
On a standalone basis, the core income i.e. sale of services for FY26 amounted to Rs. 1,255 
crores as compared to Rs. 1,180 crores for FY25. The normalized core PAT for FY26 is Rs. 460 
crores as compared to Rs. 447 crores in FY25. The normalized PAT for FY26 is Rs. 643 crores as 
against Rs. 653 crores in FY25. The employee cost of Rs. 437 crores includes the one-time item 
on account of revision of family pension benefit of Rs. 25 crores incurred in Q2 FY26. Excluding 
this one-off item, the normalized employee cost is Rs. 412 crores. 
On a consolidated basis, the core income sale of services for FY26 amounted to Rs. 1,539 crores 
as compared to Rs. 1,445 crores for FY25. The normalized core PAT for FY26 is Rs. 452 crores 
as compared to Rs. 492 crores in FY25. The normalized PAT for FY26 is Rs. 511 crores as against 
Rs. 731 crores in FY25. The employee cost of Rs. 553 crores include the one-time item on 
account of revision of family pension benefit of Rs. 25 crores incurred in Q2 FY26. Excluding 
this one-off item, the normalized employee cost is Rs. 528 crores. 
On UTI Pension Fund Limited, our 100% owned subsidiary UTI Pension Fund Limited has 
recorded a growth of 12% year-on-year in its AUM, reaching Rs. 4 lakh crores as on Q4 FY26 
and currently it manages 24.36% of the NPS industry's AUM. 
UTI International, which represents our international business interest, has an AUM of USD 
1.74 billion i.e. Rs. 16,144 crores as of 31st March 2026. Our international clients are in more 
than 30 countries and they are primarily institutions, pensions, insurance companies, banks 
and asset managers. 
One of our flagship fund, the India Dynamic Equity Fund, domiciled in Ireland, has an AUM of 
USD 540 million i.e. Rs. 5,012 crores as of 31st March 2026. 
On UTI Alternatives, it has an AUM of Rs. 5,280 crores. It currently manages five active funds 
across performing credit and multi-strategy themes. Structured Debt Opportunity Fund-II has 
exited all the investments and made the final distribution in Q3 FY26 at an above benchmark 
performance with an IRR of 13.4%. UTI SDOF-III has an AUM of Rs. 609 crores and the fund is 
currently in the investing stage. 

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
During the 2nd Quarter, UTI Alternatives launched the fourth fund of the SDOF series. This fund 
has been planned as a Rs. 1,500 crores fund plus with a Rs. 500 crores greenshoe option with 
a current AUM of Rs. 674 crores. UTI Multi-Opportunity Fund-I has an AUM of Rs. 1,598 crores. 
Currently, the fund is in the investing stage. 
UTI Real Estate Opportunity Fund with its commitment of Rs. 187 crores is currently in 
fundraising and investing stage. 
I would now request the Managing Director and CEO for his concluding remarks. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Thank you, Sandeep, for sharing the operational and financial updates of the company. I am 
also pleased to inform you that at the board meeting today, UTI AMC has declared a dividend 
of Rs. 40 per share for the Financial Year ‘25-26. The same is subject to the approval of 
shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. We would like to open the forum for 
questions and answers. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take our 
first question from the line of Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the expenses side. There is some one-off you 
called out in Q4 FY26, but I could not understand the thing completely. But then, on reported 
numbers, what we are seeing is year-on-year there is a sharp increase. So, if you can help us 
understand what is the one-off and for FY27, how should we build or think about the employee 
expense and also the other expenses bit because if you look at FY26, I don't think there is much 
one-off in the other expenses bit. That for the full year has also grown 15%, which is on the 
higher side. So, if you can help us understand, how should we think on both from FY27 
perspective? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes. Hi, Gaurav. Vinay here. So, on the employee cost, there is a one-off on account of VRS and 
family pension. The total quantum of that is close to around Rs. 130 crores that we provision 
in the Q3 of this particular financial year. Plus, on account of Labour Code, there has been an 
impact of close to around Rs. 4 crores as well, because we have to provide for an additional 
liability of Rs. 4 crores. So, total employee cost that you see is close to around Rs. 412 crores at 
a standalone and Rs. 528 crores at a consol level (excluding Rs. 25 crore of one-of expenses for 
revision of family pension, incurred in Q2FY26). In terms of guidance for the next financial year, 
because obviously there will be a benefit on account of VRS, the run rate on a quarterly basis 
should be around Rs. 90 crores to Rs. 95 crores for the standalone entity and Rs. 125 crores to 
Rs. 130 crores on the consolidated firm. Obviously, because we are building capacity expansion 
into all the three lines of business. With respect to the other expenses, yes, it has increased at 
15%. And I would say some of these items are not actually a cost, but as an investment that we 
are doing in our business, both on the digital front as well as on the physical front. On the digital 
front, we have upgraded our IT infrastructure, especially with respect to the cloud infra. And 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
because of that, there is an additional expense line-item of close to around Rs 8 crores. And on 
the physical part, since we have expanded close to around 90 UFCs in the last one and a half 
years, that has obviously increased our costs. The guidance for the other administrative 
expenses, it should increase close to around 7% to 8% for the standalone entity and maybe 100 
or 200 basis points more for the consol entity. Since for UTI Pension Fund, we are expanding 
into newer geography. So, for the consolidated one, it could be in the range of around 10%. 
And for the standalone, it's around 8% for the other expenses. Gaurav, does that answer your 
question? 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes, sir. Just one follow-up on the employee expenses. So, basically Q4, when I am looking at 
the consolidated employee expense, it is Rs. 132 crores. That is the normalized run rate, what 
you are saying, post VRS, and there is no one-off in this. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, for Q4, there is no one-off in this. 
Gaurav Jain: 
In that case, sir, on a year-on-year basis, at the consol level, even after VRS, we are at a 14% 
increase, right? I mean, Q4 to Q4, Q4 FY25, our employee expense was Rs. 116 crores. Q4 FY26, 
we are at Rs. 132 crores. So, that has still grown at 14% even after VRS. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
Yes, the sum is on account of additional provision on variable pay and quarterly incentive. And 
as I told you, at the consol level, since we are expanding into all the three lines of business, 
there have been additional recruitment in all three. That is why it is increasing. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is to Vetri Sir, that post taking over as CEO, if he can help us 
understand what are the three- four areas or aspects that he plans to work on for the coming 
year, and what is his roadmap that he wants to  guide  us for, how he wants to run the company 
from here. That will be helpful, Sir. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, Gaurav, before that, let me clarify the run rate. For standalone, it's close to around Rs. 90 
crores to 95 crores per quarter. And for the consol, it's around Rs. 125 crores. Over to you Vetri. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
So, as I said in my opening statement, Gaurav, I think, from our point of view, the company has 
carried out very significant refresh of its platforms, of its technology, of its infrastructure, of 
our reach in terms of the branch expansions that we have done. So, if you ask me what is the 
single-line agenda, the single line agenda is growth. You know, we are operating with roughly 
270 branches. I gave you the employee count, which is now in the 1200  number. And if I look 
at all of these numbers put together, I would say we are operating below our capacity. So, the 
simple target over the next few years is to grow, is to grow faster than certainly our peers in 
the Top 10 of the industry, such that we can start to get the benefit of the operating leverage 
that is now already built in because we have absorbed a lot of those costs. From a people point 
of view, I mentioned in my opening comment, there has been a significant refresh in terms of 
the people and also I would say over the last few years, there has been a dramatic 
transformation. If I just look at the age group of what we call our frontline cadre, the average 
age of the team has dropped from 41 years in FY21 to 36 years in FY26. And Gen Z now makes 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
up 38% of the workforce. And if I go back five years, it used to make up 5% of the workforce. 
So, there's a very dramatic people refresh, which has taken place. My sort of callout to the 
internal team is to make sure they are well equipped, they are trained, they have best-in-class 
support, be it from our data platform, be it in terms of technologies available to them, to be 
able to raise their productivity and their efficiency, so that we can raise our share of gross sales, 
net sales, and achieve a much higher level of AUM without in any way having to add further 
costs on the people front, particularly within the context of the MF business. So, the single line 
agenda is growth. If I were to drill down into the second line agenda, it would be to sort of grow 
our share of SIPs disproportionately, because I think that is the key to growth, particularly on 
the active equity side of the business. And we know that is a much higher yielding part of our 
business mix. And clearly on top of these two, all the technology refreshes that we have done 
are allowing us to engage effectively with the young cohort and in the digital space. You know, 
if you look at the new SIP signups, which are happening, I would say given on which data point 
you look at, more than 50% of the SIPs are now originating digitally. So, all the investment that 
we have made in digital is something that we hope to use once again to be able to increase our 
growth rate. But single line agenda, grow the business. Second, manage the cost, increase the 
efficiency and use all the other tools that I mentioned. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Very helpful, sir. Thank you, and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naman Maheshwari from Shanghvi Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Naman Maheshwari: 
Okay. So, very well captured on the single focus of growth as an engine. Since last three, four 
years, we had not witnessed a sharp correction led by so many headwinds into the market. But 
this could have been a good time to acquire customers, right? March to some extent was pretty 
risky for the overall equity market. So, how did we see the customer acquisition going during 
this time? And what were the major schemes that are engaging interest of SIP buyers? Also, do 
you collect the data of first time SIP buyers with you? Or how do you track that if you could 
give some light on that? So, those are some questions. 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes, so, Naman, you are right, there was a lot of volatility, which came into the market. And we 
are very happy to see that investors have been consistent in their SIP. While generally, March 
sees a higher number of SIP closures, because you know, people achieve the target, people 
have started their SIP in the month of April and close it in the month of March. But overall, 
there was not a very high amount of redemption pressure that the mutual fund industry saw. 
You had asked a very interesting question on how do we track the first time SIP investors. And 
we track them on the basis of the PAN numbers that we have. And as both Vetri and Vinay 
mentioned that we have invested a lot in the digital infrastructure. So, we have now created a 
complete data lake. And we get to know each and every investor whenever, he or she comes 
in and start their folios, we get their entire database. So, we know that whenever there is a 
new customer who's coming, all the data that they have. The major scheme that the first-time 
investors generally look at are the index funds. And we have seen good traction, especially 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
from the fintech platform for the Gen Z investors. And they generally take their first investment 
at around Rs. 1000 - Rs. 1500 SIP. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
This is Vetri here, just to add to what Sandeep said, one of the numbers that we are now 
tracking closely, and we are also putting that into our sales metrics so that we know what those 
numbers are, and we know what strategies we can use to drive it is the new customer 
acquisition, which to us basically means, are we getting a customer with a PAN number, which 
we earlier did not have in our MF folio base. So, the idea is to target that number. I mentioned 
that last year, we added 7 lakh PANs. So, this year, we are targeting to grow that number 
significantly. So, a lot of the activities that we are doing in the digital space, as well as on ground 
including B30 cities, etc., as an example, women investors as an example, is to widen that pool, 
because that has been our historic legacy. But also, we think that is a great way to create the 
customers, who as they grow, you will grow with them. What we also have now with our 
salesforce marketing automation is the ability to communicate with these clients using our 
salesforce marketing automation and being able to cross sell and upsell opportunities to them. 
We implemented the salesforce marketing automation sometime in the middle of last year, 
early days at this point of time, but we are starting to see that driving engagement with those 
customers helps you make them think through their investments better and also gives you that 
opportunity to upsell and cross sell. So, new customer acquisition is certainly a key part of that. 
And now with digital, there is an ability to target and communicate appropriately with them to 
raise your share of AUM with them. 
Naman Maheshwari: 
And actually, I didn't mean to ask you from this SIP stoppage, actually, I wanted to understand 
that did you witness any sharp inflow from first time SIP doers in the market was in March, 
when there was extreme volatility? So, did that help you fast track some customer acquisition 
by educating them rightly, because we have a very strong feet on street, right? So, that is what 
I wanted to understand. That did it accelerate during this volatility window, right? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Not so much, because sometimes, sharp market correction also pause people's thought 
processes. Plus, March, as I mentioned, is a period when people look at SIPs and renewing their 
SIPs. So, however, one good factor that we saw that when in the month of February, the 
number of new SIPs which we opened were quite good. So, even in the industry level, but 
industry level, the numbers were slightly lower, we did better than the industry in that sense. 
So, volatility has been helping in terms of getting new investors because now they look at the 
market being at a lower level and starting their SIP, but not so much in the month of March 
itself. So, maybe because of the sharp volatility which we saw in the market. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
So, again, Vetri here, I don't think there's a specific call out on March per se. But you know, we 
track our SIPs, which are sort of, let's say, cancelled or seized vis-à-vis the total SIP book, and 
the new SIPs that we are adding. And we also compare how are our performances relative to 
the industry, because the same number you also get from AMFI. I would say in general, we 
have seen our numbers have been slightly better in recent months. But I would not call out 
something which is particularly distinct in terms of a trend. 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Naman Maheshwari: 
Okay, sir. Fairly understood. Congratulations and all the best for the upcoming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Meghna Luthra from Incred Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Thank you, sir, for giving me an opportunity. Sorry I joined you a little late. I am not sure if these 
questions have been asked. What would, I mean, can you please explain the impact of the 
revised SEBIs new norms from 1st April? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, the TER on account of exit load has been cut by five basis points. And obviously, there have 
been some rationalization in the base TER as well. But as a fund house, we are of the view that 
whatever impact is there, that will be passing on to the intermediaries. So, we don't foresee 
any challenges as far as this rate cut is concerned on our AMC yield. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, secondly, what do you see as the yield impact going forward for the year? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, it's a combination of actually what are the assets mix is as well. So, maybe a basis point or 
two dilution could be there because ETF and index fund is going at a slightly higher yield. And 
on the fixed income side as well, there is a stronger appetite for a low-duration product, which 
has a slightly lower yield as compared to a high-duration or a credit-yield fund. So, maybe a 
basis point or two dilution in the overall yield number per se for Financial Year 26-27. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Sorry, just to add on that, Vetri here. You know, from my point of view, the most critical line to 
grow is the revenue line. Of course, I would like my higher-yielding products to grow faster. But 
eventually, from our point of view, there is a cost base that we have. And anything that helps 
us grow the top line faster, we are happy to take it. There is a separate challenge of can we 
raise our share of higher-yielding products relative to what we have in passive. We know our 
share of passive as a percentage of our total AUM is much larger than some of our peer groups. 
But managing yield for the sake of managing yield is not a thing that I am in favour of. I would 
rather manage revenue. But yes, certainly we would like to raise our share of net sales coming 
in from active equity schemes. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Got it. And sir, on the employee front, are we seeing this as a normalized run rate or how do 
we see employee costs from here on? 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, given some guidance on the employee run rate going forward, at least for the standalone 
entity, it's close to around Rs. 95 crores per quarter. And at a consol, it will be closer to around 
Rs. 125 crores per quarter. Higher on the consol side because we are building capabilities in all 
our subsidiary lines of business. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Got it, sir. And lastly, sir, on the pipeline of the products, what is there for the coming quarter, 
sir what can we expect? 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes. So, we are going to file multiple passive funds with the regulator. And now we have 
received the board approval. So, some of the funds that we are going to file with SEBI are UTI 
NIFTY 500 Index Funds, both on the index side and the ETF side, UTI BSE Index Sector Leaders, 
again, both on index and ETF, UTI NIFTY India New Age Consumption, and UTI NIFTY India 
Internet Fund. So, these are the four funds with both index and ETF side. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
I can just add to what Sandeep was saying. Our focus has been only on the core diversified 
categories, which is why you see even in the last, I would say, three, four, five years, we stayed 
away from launching a flurry of sector and thematic funds. We are continuing to be guided by 
that principle. We will launch in the passive the full bouquet because we think of those as 
access products, where from our point of view, we are providing access to themes and sectors 
which investors are welcome to take and pursue. But in the diversified space, we have covered 
the core categories and there's no interest in doing anything beyond that. We do plan to, 
however, launch at least one fund in the SIF category during this current year. It's a process in 
terms of getting all the board approvals and regulatory approval and I think if you see the 
industry data, it is clear that there has been some action in SIF, but it's not that the growth over 
there has been particularly dramatic. But we think we have one or two good product ideas and 
certainly we would like to launch one of them during the current year. So, I think that would 
be the target over there. Separately, we have also received permission from the IFSC, which is 
GIFT City. We already had our subsidiary, which is UTI Alternatives had their license in the GIFT 
City, but that was for wholesale, what they call a Non-Retail FME license. We have now just last 
week received the approval for Retail FME. So, we will intend during the course of this year to 
also use GIFT as a two-way solution, both for partnering products which domestic investors 
might want to invest overseas, as well as providing vehicles in GIFT City for global investors 
who might want to invest through that route into our domestic funds. 
Meghna Luthra: 
Okay, got it. And so lastly, on the float front, what would be the share of the banking channel 
in total equity and hybrid? 
 Sandeep Samsi: 
Just give me a second, Meghana. The share would be about 1.5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Mohit Mangal from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
So, actually, I was looking at your PPT and I was actually a little surprised that your equity net 
flows both on quarterly and yearly has been kind of negative. Though from 2025 to 2026, we 
see some kind of moderation. So, what are our strategies to improve the net sales within the 
equity space? Our hybrid is doing well, that is fine. But within the pure equity space, what can 
we do to increase our market share as well as bring it in the positive territory? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Yes, so let me answer that, Vetri here. There are two key things you need to do. One is, of 
course, as I mentioned earlier, we need to raise the SIP book, right? So, that is the key metric 
for our sales team now to raise the SIP book. And that is where I believe you will be able to 
build the most sustainable level of both flows as well as over time, it builds into a lot more 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
stable AUM. So, that is point number one. Secondly, when you look at that net flow number, 
you are absolutely right. Year before last was usually negative. Last year, the negative number 
came down. This year, it was I would say almost close to zero. Now, this reflects the fact that 
some of our strategies have seen large outflows over the last few years. See, this is really a 
question of repositioning the sales team in terms of saying, how do we take multiple products 
to the market? And how do we make sure that we are able to simultaneously sell and bring in 
net sales from different schemes? So, one of the things we are happy is that this year, we were 
able to, if you look at our sort of core, what we would call 19 funds, eight of them actually saw 
positive net sales. And we have now reached a situation, where unlike in the past, where maybe 
one or two flagship schemes dominated the entire inflow, we are trying to diversify the inflow 
across the entire basket of funds that we have. Very simply, I would say everything from value 
to GARP in the middle and quality growth. So, from my point of view, the only way to avoid the 
cyclicality which is otherwise inherent in this business is the fact that your flows are pro-cyclical 
to performance. So, I would like to dial that down by making sure that we have competent silos 
for each of these different sort of strategies. So, then all market strategies, the salespeople are 
able to take some performing products. And equally what I am increasingly seeing in this 
marketplace, is that a fair number of distribution, as well as other investors are also open to 
seeing where is the opportunity for me to participate in a fund which maybe currently is 
suffering because market conditions are not favourable, but where perhaps something might 
change to my advantage in the future. So, what we are trying to double down on is training the 
sales team and empowering them, making sure that they are able to carry multiple products 
to the market, rather than the firm be reliant only on a narrow set of funds. So, that's the way 
we try to diversify. And that is what along with the SIPs, I think will hopefully let us turn the 
corner and increasingly build it into a sustainable number. 
Mohit Mangal: 
I understood. This is helpful. I was actually looking at, I mean taking this forward, and I was 
looking at your employee number, your employee number has reduced, but your sales team 
has kind of increased. So, that is something basically within your strategy to increase your net 
sales. I mean, should we refer to it that way? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Sorry, will you repeat that question? 
Mohit Mangal: 
Yes. So, basically, I was looking at your number of employees, your number of employees were 
around 1400 in Q3, that got reduced to 1250-odd, but your sales was around 775. But that's 
around 799. So, I mean, just wanted to understand that you are increasing your core sales team 
members, but at the same time reducing your overall employee strength as well. So, that's the 
right way to look at? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
That's the right way to look at it. Because I think historically, if we look at our workforce, I won't 
just say Q3, but if I go back a little bit in time, the ratio of people who are actually responsible 
for bringing in business relative to those who are in, let's say, corporate related functions who 
are not really people who are bringing in the money, that ratio was not a very favourable ratio 
for us. So, what we are trying to do through all of the people refresh that I mentioned is 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
essentially correct this. Of course, there will always be a large investment team, there will be a 
large assurance related team, obviously, the CFO and those kinds of control functions as well. 
But it needs to be more balanced than where we used to be. Having said that, I don't see the 
RM count going up too much further from here. I think we have reached a stage where with 
260 odd UFCs as we call it, I think we are pretty much fully staffed to the extent we require. 
Mohit Mangal:  
Lastly on the international piece, basically it was not a good year and also the last quarter was 
not a good. We had strategies earlier as well to grow this piece as well, going forward into FY27 
should we look at this subsidiary?  
Vetri Subramaniam: 
To put it very simply, this is a little bit of a  schizophrenic view on India, domestic  investors 
hugely positive, hugely committed to investing for the long term and then you see a completely 
opposite viewpoint with global investors where they are pulling money out of India, right, left 
and center and rotating it to every other developing market and, of course, to developed 
markets. So, this is a freight train that we can't do much about because appetite for India is a 
function of many, many things. So, when you see, I think if you look at Calendar ‘25, and just 
the 1st Quarter of the Calendar ‘26, effectively foreigners have pulled out $40 billion out of 
India. So, our international business honestly is just feeling the pain of that outflow front and 
center. We are looking at sort of trying to diversify that AUM. We did launch a government 
bond ETF saying why do we only have equity products, we should also have bond products. But 
it doesn't help when your currency drops 9% over the year, and then your bond investors also 
end up with a hugely negative return. So, it's just been a very, very difficult market to position 
India right now with global investors. But I have seen this time and again, it's a cyclical business. 
There are points in time where nobody is interested in the country, and there are other points 
where they want to bring the money back in a flood. So, right now, I would say it's just to hold 
our ground. And where possible, we are looking to bring in some of our institutional clients into 
our alternative products. So, we actually started this last year itself. But you know, it takes a 
while to get global investors completely to understand the domestic alternative product. 
Thankfully, UTI Alternatives having returned money on two of its strategies during this year has 
a solid track record. So, I am hoping whatever traction we see in the alternative space will help 
the international business sort of overcome some of the headwinds in their P&L account. But 
the larger challenge of India being seen negatively is a headwind that we have no way of 
overcoming right now. 
Mohit Mangal: 
And this should make sense. Lastly, on SIF, basically I mean, if you can just elaborate on how 
do you see this piece and will the yields be similar to that of mutual fund? A little bit on that 
would be helpful. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
I think too early to call that out. I think if you can do something which is genuinely differentiated 
in terms of risk and reward to the investor, my intention would be then to price that at a 
superior yield to the mutual fund. But if you are offering something which is more in the nature 
of a plain vanilla structure, which is only slightly differentiated from the traditional MF product, 
then your yields may not be different. So, I think it's still evolving. There's a whole series of long 

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
short opportunities which are available in that SIF space. Some of them over time, once we 
have the ability to execute them in a way that it makes a material difference to the investor, 
right? I mean, I can charge higher fees if the investor ends up with a risk-reward ratio or with a 
return which in his mind is superior to what he's getting from the MF product, then of course, 
I would like to earn a higher yield. But I think it's still very early days over there to give you a 
guidance on that. But if I can offer a product with superior risk return, long short, etc., of course, 
I would certainly like to retain a higher yield for myself. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Understood. So, are we kind of exploring that area, is there anything in the pipeline?  
Vetri Subramaniam: 
I think the first product will be just a little bit more than a plain vanilla product, and so, I would 
not expect it on the first product. But we are trying to launch some in that long short space 
over time, and it is still in the testing phase which could use quant. If we launch that successfully 
and we are able to build a track record, then certainly we would like to position that as a 
differentiated product and we would like the benefit of that to reflect in our yields. But if you 
just look at the market, I am sure, you will be able to see the data yourself, I think it is in the 
very early days, this space is still evolving in terms of what does the product offer and does it 
really meet the need of the investor which the traditional mutual fund product is not able to 
offer. I don't think we have solved this both ways. I think the whole industry is trying to figure 
this out. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. No, I think that's helpful and very clear. Wish you all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Vijaya Rao from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Vijaya Rao: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. Please provide us the yields breakup of the segment, equity, debt, liquid 
and ETF. And secondly, your funds are a little underperforming. What are you doing in this 
respect so that your overall AUM grows a little smartly? These are two questions from my side. 
Vinay Lakhotia: 
So, Vijaya, I will provide the yield breakup. Equity and hybrid is 75 basis points. ETF and index 
fund put together is around 8. Cash and arbitrage around 10 basis points. And income fund is 
around 18 to 19 basis points. So, combined put together, depending on our asset mix, is 
weighted average yield is around  32. 
Vijaya Rao: 
Yes. And the second question, sir, can you give color on how your funds are performing? If not, 
then what are you doing to have more funds in the first quartile? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Well, I would love to do anything if you have ideas about how I could get all the funds into first 
quartile simultaneously. But I am not sure, having been a fund manager for many years, that 
there is any easy way to do that. But I look at it now from a business angle. And from a business 
angle, I am saying that I have got to make sure that I have got funds which are ring-fenced for 
different market seasons. Because what will be the market season which will cause a fund of a 
particular market cap, a fund of a particular style to do well, what season it will be is not in my 
control. But what I can do is make sure that my strategies, either by number or by AUM, though 

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
I can really control number, not AUM, are distinctly positioned from each other. So, that is 
something that I think we have established quite well in terms of saying what is in our value-
oriented strategies, what is in our blended strategies, what is in our quality growth strategies. 
I would only say our biggest problem has been more in the quality growth, which to my mind 
is more a function of the season of the market. Of course, there are things that we could have 
done better in terms of stock picking. That's a continuous process. But essentially, the season 
did not match what those funds were trying to do. In the GARP side, which is the blended side, 
you could say there is some scope to improve execution. Those are tinkering that we continue 
to do. But I feel very positive that maintaining this diversified set of funds which are operating 
across the spectrum may not result in all my funds being in top quartile at the same point of 
time. But at the same time, it gives me a platform which is a lot more sustainable through 
market cycles. So, I think that's a conscious choice that we have made, that we would like the 
platform to be diversified. We will tolerate the cycles that come. We will back our fund 
managers through the cycle. We engage with the marketplace to explain how these funds are 
differently positioned. We engage with the market to try and explain to them how they can 
exploit the positioning that we have developed for each of these funds to be able for them to 
meet their investment goals and their aspirations. So, to my mind, that's the way to do it rather 
than saying that I would like all the funds to be in top quartile. What I have seen as a fund 
manager, if you aim for the first quartile, you will get there at some point of time. But when 
the market season reverses, it directly causes you to swing to the back foot. So, I am 
approaching this as a business platform and saying, how do I build diversity across my platform, 
which will make my business less cyclical and more sustainable. 
Vijaya Rao: 
Yes, true, sir. Very helpful. I was more inquisitive about the measures you are taking. Yes, that's 
helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mahesh A, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh A.: 
My question is to Vetri Sir. So, I want to understand more of balance sheet perspective. We 
hold almost Rs. 4,000 or Rs. 4,500 crores of cash and investment on our book at consolidated 
level, and this equals to almost 35% - 40% of the total market cap. And when I look at the listed 
AMCs, this is significantly on the higher end. So, I want to try to understand, how do you look 
at this investment and cash flow from a strategic perspective? And is there any way you are 
planning to create value for shareholders through this part of the balance sheet, as in any 
buyback plans given the valuations are on the lower side and also the latest buyback reform 
announced in the budget. So, how do you see this significant portion of our balance sheet? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Yes. Okay. Thanks, Mahesh. Well, I mean, we have that amount of cash on our books also 
because we are a very old institution, and we have built up that balance sheet over time 
through the good work that we have done in terms of serving investors, and that's where that 
cash balance has come from. But as you would be aware, in recent years, whatever we are 
generating in terms of profits, we are pretty much paying that out in large measure back to the 
shareholders by way of dividend. So, we will continue that policy. There is no need to add to 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
that cash pile. But we also believe company of our kind, there is a need to have some 
investment or rather some liquidity on the books, some cash on the books. There could also be 
opportunities down the road in terms of M&A, etc. So, we will not add to that cash in the future 
because we will keep dividending out. But no other plans to do anything dramatic with the cash 
at this point of time. 
Mahesh A.: 
Okay. And just to follow up on the dividend side, the last couple of years, we declared some 
special dividend as well in addition to regular dividend. And this year, I believe it's all the regular 
dividend. But going forward, do you have a guidance on a percentage of profits that we intend 
to declare as dividend? Or is it volatile that we saw in the last couple of years? So, how do you 
give guidance on the dividend policy going forward? 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Well, if you look at the trend line, I am not discussing policy. But if you look at the trend line, I 
think including what we have just announced today, which is Rs. 40, I think roughly we are at 
about 95% almost in terms of a trend line. I think that's a good way to think about it. The trend 
line itself is suggestive of--our basic view that there is no need to add any more cash on our 
books. We have enough liquidity for any corporate optionality that we might want to preserve. 
Anything that we generate in the businesses, we are happy to just give it back to shareholders. 
This is not a capital-intensive business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mandira A from Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Mandira A.: 
So, I joined a little late. Could you help me with industry is reaching approximately Rs. 80 lakh 
crores. How is UTI positioned to capture the larger share and expanding its pie? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
We are very happy that the industry is reaching new milestones and that just reinforces the 
belief that people have in the mutual fund penetration and in mutual funds overall. For us, we 
are focusing on three key growth areas, we will continue to deepen our retail participation 
particularly in SIPs for the long-term flows and at the same time we will not only reach out to 
the metro cities but also strengthen our distribution in the B30 cities and the emerging 
markets. And as Vetri mentioned, we are focused on broadening our equity funds to ensure 
that at any point in time, some of the funds are able to cater to the requirements of the 
investors. We also mentioned that we are very strongly investing in our technology as well as 
in process improvement, and therefore, also in our communication. So, we are well poised to 
lead and create new possibilities to participate in this growing mutual fund journey. And as we 
discussed that we are also looking at launching new passive funds so that investors can achieve 
their lifecycle goals. Does that answer your question, Mandira? 
Mandira A.: 
Got it. And secondly, what trend are you seeing in investor behaviour during the volatile 
market? Is there any change in the ticket size or the participation pattern? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes. So, as we discussed that we have seen over a period of time that investors have become 
more resilient, and they understand that this cyclical or volatility which is there in the market 
will go away eventually. And they believe in the long-term growth story of India. So, we don't 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
see so much of redemption pressure that we used to see in earlier years because the investors 
are now aware how these markets are functioning. Having said that, March is generally a period 
when you see a lot of SIPs getting closed because of multiple reasons. One is people start their 
SIPs in the month of April, and their natural cycle closes in the month of March. People look to 
change their SIPs because they would have done some portfolio readjustment. So, those things 
will always happen and that will show a higher redemption of SIPs in the month of March. But 
overall, if you look at the trend and especially if you see the month of February, the trend has 
been very encouraging where we saw a drop in the number of SIPs which were being stopped 
at the industry level. And that number was even better if you look at the UTIs overall SIP book. 
Mandira A.: 
Got it, sir. That was really helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prisha Shah, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Prisha Shah: 
Good evening, sir. I just have one question basically on the industry side. So, we have been 
seeing there's a lot of competition in this AMC space with Fintechs and everyone coming with 
their products now. So, in such a competitive environment, how are we seeing the key 
distribution on UTIs and is there any sustainable visibility over there? 
Sandeep Samsi: 
Yes. So, if you look we have been doubling down on our distribution, especially with the banks 
as well as with the Fintechs. And these are two segments which are growing and especially the 
Fintechs because there are a lot of new Fintechs which are coming, and the younger generation 
find it very easy to invest through a Fintech platform. So, we have increased our engagement 
with them and we are seeing good traction coming especially from the Fintech platform. 
Prisha Shah: 
Yes, sir. That answers my question. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over the 
call to Mr. Vetri Subramaniam for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vetri Subramaniam: 
Thank you for that Yashashri. Thank you, everybody, for joining us here on this call today. I 
hope we have been able to provide you an insight into what our thoughts are and how we are 
looking to move ahead in the future and look forward to engaging with you again next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the call. In case of any queries, feel 
free to connect with AdFactors Investor Relations Team. You may now disconnect your lines. 
