 
 
 
 
 
Jyothy Labs Limited
CIN: L24240MH1992PLC128651 
‘Ujala House’, Ramkrishna Mandir Road, 
Kondivita, Andheri (East), Mumbai 400059. 
Tel: +91 022-6689 2800 | Fax: +91 022-6689 2805 
info@jyothy.com | www.jyothylabs.com
 
 
June 22, 2026 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited                                                           
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                           
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call for analyst/ investors under Regulation 30 of    
       the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A, sub-para 15 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the 
conference call for analyst / investors held on Thursday, June 18, 2026 at 17:00 hours IST to 
discuss update on ‘PRIL’ and ‘Fa’ brand license, is enclosed. 
 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
Kindly take the above on your record and disseminate the same for the information of 
investors. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi  
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
SHREYAS 
PARAG 
TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG TRIVEDI 
Date: 2026.06.22 14:51:24 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited 
Update Conference Call on Pril and Fa” 
June 18, 2026 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M. R. JYOTHY – CHAIRPERSON AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
MR. PAWAN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHUTOSH JOYTIRADITYA – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jyothy Labs Conference Call for an Update 
on Pril and Fa brand, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashutosh Joytiraditya from ICICI Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Thank you Sagar. Hello, and good evening, everyone present on the call. I, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, welcome you on this update call by Jyothy Labs. I would like to thank the 
management to give this opportunity of hosting the call. From the management, we have Jyothy 
ma'am, the CMD; and Mr. Pawan Agarwal, the CFO. I now hand the call over to Jyothy ma'am 
for her opening remarks. Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. This call addresses the 
developments relating to Pril and Fa, two brands that have been part of Jyothy Labs portfolio for 
nearly 15 years under brand license agreements with Henkel. 
 
Before we proceed, one point must be placed on record. The company has initiated the dispute 
resolution process under the agreement. There are, therefore, areas where we will remain 
measured in what we say. We will not comment on claim amounts, valuation estimates, timing 
of any outcome or probability of success. 
 
These matters will follow the contractual and legal process. The purpose of this call is to provide 
investors with business context, what happened, how the transition is being managed and how 
we see the path ahead. 
 
In 2011, Jyothy Labs acquired Henkel's India consumer business through a composite 
transaction covering brands, assets, and operations. As part of this arrangement, certain brands 
became fully owned by Jyothy Labs. Brands such as Margo, Neem Toothpaste, Tuhina, and 
Chek are fully owned. Mr. White and Henko continue under perpetual license arrangements with 
no royalty obligations. Pril and Fa operated under fixed-term brand license agreements with 
Henkel with royalties and defined exit provisions. 
 
Over the last 15 years, Jyothy Labs invested significantly behind these businesses in distribution, 
manufacturing, trade relationships, channel presence, and consumer franchise creation. Pril, in 
particular, became an important brand in the Dishwash Liquids segment under our stewardship. 
 
Henkel has communicated that it will not renew the Pril and Fa brand licenses following the end 
of the license term on 31st May 2026. Jyothy Labs respects this decision. As instructed by 
Henkel, from 1st June 2026, Jyothy Labs has stopped manufacturing, marketing, selling, and 
distribution of Pril and Fa. The company will follow the exit process in line with the provisions 
of the agreements. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 
For several months, Jyothy Labs and Henkel were engaged in the active discussions covering 
revised commercial terms, operational alternatives, and business continuity options. These 
discussions concluded without a mutually acceptable framework for continuation. We have now 
evaluated all our available options and are pursuing legal remedies to assert our contractual 
rights on the exit and transition mechanism. 
 
Jyothy Labs is not disputing Henkel's ownership of the Pril and Fa brands. The question is, what 
follows from non-renewal under the agreement? The agreement contains an exit framework, 
including a defined contractual process for transition and valuation matters. Among them, a 
mechanism for determination of consideration linked to the business momentum and goodwill 
created during the license period. Commercial discussions were pursued over several months 
but did not result in mutually acceptable resolution. 
 
The company has, therefore, initiated arbitration at the Singapore International Arbitration 
Center to protect its contractual rights and the interest of its stakeholders. This is the agreed 
dispute resolution process under the contract, and the company will pursue it accordingly. 
Separately, operational matters, including inventory, receivables, trade schemes, and channel 
settlements are being managed as part of the normal transition planning. At this stage, the 
company does not expect any material residual exposure from such items. 
 
Pril has been an important contributor within the Dishwash Liquids segment. There will, 
therefore, be a near-term impact on revenue mix and margins during the transition phase. Within 
the Dishwash portfolio, Pril has historically been the anchor brand in liquids, while Exo has been 
the stronger franchise in bars. Exo Dishwash Liquid has been part of the company's portfolio 
since 2005-2006 and is now being scaled up with renewed focus and investment. The company's 
objective is to strengthen Exo as the broader dishwash franchise across formats. 
 
Manufacturing facilities are multiproduct and flexible, allowing capacity redeployment across 
liquids and other growth categories. The company does not expect material stranded 
manufacturing exposure arising solely from this transition. The contribution of Fa to the 
company's overall business has remained limited. Its exit does not materially alter the company's 
operating fundamentals. 
 
Henko and Mr. White arrangements are structurally different. They are held under perpetual 
license with no royalty obligation and do not carry the same fixed-term renewal provisions that 
existed for Pril and Fa. The company recognizes that FY 2027 will be a transition year for 
Dishwash Liquids. 
 
Near-term margin softness is expected during this phase. However, the medium- and long-term 
fundamentals of the business remain intact, supported by the company's diversified portfolio 
across Fabric Care, Home Care and Personal Care, its established distribution network, 
manufacturing capabilities, and execution strength built over several decades. 
 
Jyothy Labs remains committed to transparent communication, disciplined execution, and long-
term value creation for its stakeholders. Further updates will be made as and when required in 
accordance with applicable law and regulatory requirements. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
 
We'll now take questions. 
Moderator: 
Your first question comes from the line of Vishal Gutka with ASK Investment Managers. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Just two questions. If you can just elaborate what was the revenue size of Pril? In our estimate, 
it's approximately INR250 crores. And what action if you can give more granular details exactly, 
what are you trying to do to mitigate the impact? I understand it's going to be transitionary thing. 
But in the next 12, 24 months, by what time we could recover that revenue? One way is through 
pushing Exo Liquid, which is the thing. 
 
And second question is why Pril was not a brand how Henkel and Mr. White have placed 
perpetual rights that they had, right, the brand. Why Pril was not played into that kind of segment 
logically, whenever we see this kind of agreement, the brand rights were in perpetuity. 
 
So why this kind of agreement was there, first of all, for Pril? And if you can elaborate, any in 
the initial part of call, you highlighted that I won't be stressing on the more details with regards 
to what exactly happened. But was royalty rate being a deterrent given that 2% royalty rate was 
there and maybe the ask was for higher royalty rate or whatever was the issue? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thanks, Vishal. So let me answer your second question first. Pril and Fa, as Jyothy explained in 
her opening remarks, had a different arrangement. It was a fixed term license arrangement with 
defined exit provisions. So, it mirrored the perpetual license picture because the brand had 
seamlessly renewed twice over the last 10 years. 
 
Henkel had in these years, never indicated any intention to withdraw or recall these 2 brands. 
And operationally and for practical purposes, the Pril brand behaved like a long-term asset or 
brand in our portfolio like other brands. 
 
Given this long renewal history, absence of any recall signals from their side and the strategic 
partnership context, we had no basis to treat these 2 brands very differently. So, I think this was 
the context of Pril and Fa brand. As far as the strategy part is concerned, Jyothy, would you like 
to? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So, Vishal so it also is that you asked a question why it was not treated like Henko and Mr. 
White is because Henko and Mr. White is not there in other geographies globally. While Pril is, 
they Henkel do operate in the other countries, right, by themselves. So hence, this was always a 
renewable kind of a contract. So that is that answers your question. 
Vishal Gutka: 
And renewal happens after every 5 years because I think Pawan highlighted it, in past decade, 
2x you have renewed the agreement. So, this renewal was for every 5 years, or it was once in 15 
years… 
M. R. Jyothy: 
It was auto renewal, Vishal. Yes. Every 5 years, auto renewal used to happen, yes. Now going 
forward sorry? 
Vishal Gutka: 
Go ahead. Sorry. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, yes. So going forward, our focus now will be on Exo. Exo, like I said in the opening speech, 
we always had Exo in the liquid category. From 2005, 2006, we had launched Exo. Exo, as such 
as a brand was operational from 2001, started with bars. Then in 2005, '06, we had launched the 
liquid, and we were growing as a brand. That's when Henkel happened in 2011. 
 
And from then on, we felt that since we have Pril in our portfolio, we'll focus on liquids in the 
under Pril and we'll focus make Exo as a bar focus on the bar segment. Now that this is there, 
we will focus now we’ll bring back our renewed focus and attention on building Exo and as a 
complete brand. So that's where the future growth will come from. 
Vishal Gutka: 
And by what period we should expect to recover the revenue? In next 2, 3 years, shall we expect 
Exo should be in a position to recover whatever is lost because of Pril? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, yes, that we cannot comment on that. But yes, our efforts are there that we can make that 
happen sooner. Having said that, we are also trying to grow all of our other brands and see that 
the impact is minimized overall. And some will come through Exo and the other our other brands 
will also grow. 
 
We also have a few NPDs in the pipeline, which we will try and see that covers up the gap that 
is there created. Having said that, that is first on the overall revenue thing that will that we are 
trying to achieve. And while for Exo, we will be building it. It will take its time, but our efforts 
are there to make that brand stronger as we go. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Madam, if you can just comment what is the revenue size of Pril? Broader numbers, not 
I don't know the exact numbers, but broadly, if you can tell us, what is the broadly revenue size 
of Pril? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
It's about 7%, 8% of our company's total revenue. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Broadly INR225 crores to INR240 crores. That is a broader number that we have? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor with Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. So just 2 or 3 questions. One was from a pricing standpoint, wouldn't Exo, the liquid, be 
not at a similar price range as Pril? And instead, and apart from Exo, would you need another 
kind of premium liquid brand to kind of offset what's happened with Pril? That's one. 
 
Second question was on do we model 2 months for this year on Pril sales or even May would be 
a kind of weakish month, or do we model 2.5 months? I mean you said June 1. So, is it strictly 
a 2-month modeling or there is inventory in the system that we should model a little higher in 
terms of revenue from Pril for the year? 
 
And third is if you look at distribution, Pril had a good share in modern trade e-commerce 
because of its premium nature. Do you lose a little bit of this distribution strength in alternate 
channels or were you already populated with your premium detergents and other products? So 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
that is not much of a concern at all. So those are my 3 questions. I might have one more. I'll 
come back. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So, Harit, so you asked about pricing. Yes, Pril was at a premium. Now when in terms of from 
an Exo pricing point of view, it is at par with the market leader, okay? So that's where the pricing 
is. Pril was always at a premium when it came in the market, and it always maintained that. So 
that is on the pricing bit. 
 
On distribution, yes, Pril did have a kind of strong presence in MT as well as all the Tier 1 and 
metros this thing. But Exo is a stronger brand, and we have our confidence on Exo to build the 
brand as well. It's much larger in size and the equity is also quite strong. So that's how we are 
trying to build on Exo in the future. 
 
So, we will Exo as a bar has a good enough and strong enough presence in modern trade as well 
and also in GT. We will try and see that this brand grows in the liquids segment as well. And 
your other question? 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. My other question was on the do you need another brand? Yes. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Sorry? 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. My other question was that you need a premium brand kind of to offset the Pril impact 
despite kind of building up Exo? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Not really, Harit. The thing is we will see, the premiumization that came in because the brand 
was like that, right? When it came to India, so we maintained that thing. But do we need a 
premium brand? Frankly, in a condition like this, in a market like this and if you see India as a 
thing, people there are fewer takers for premium brands. 
 
And it is generally the mid see; we are not Exo is not at a lower end. It is at a good price point, 
and it is at a direct competition to the market leader. So now it's about why do you need a 
premium brand is the question, right? You will also have to create a premium brand; you have 
to spend more there also in the same segment. 
 
As long as we have good enough differentiation in the brand, which we have, we have an 
enzymatic liquid, which currently that is how we have differentiated with Pril and the 
performance is quite strong. So that is where we have a good positioning and this thing, and 
we'll be investing on that. 
 
Do we need a premium brand? Frankly, no. I think with a brand with a pricing like this, we'll be 
able to reach much wider and across the country much better in a better way where premium 
liquids don't give you that kind of a reach. So that will be offset in the other way. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And just a couple of more follow-ups, if possible. I think one was, did the agreement with 
Henkel kind of restrict you from increase the marketing spend or spending more on Exo even 
when Pril was around? Was that any kind of tacit understanding that you didn't  that you couldn't 
dramatically build that up or was it just a fact that you already have a liquid brand, you have to 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
kind of also look at the way your advertising spend works across brands and you were just 
positioning it that way? And that's one. 
And the second question was on when do you expect this arbitration exercise to kind of complete 
to understand what the valuation or what the consideration implications could be? Any broad 
timeline, while we can't hold you to it and you also wouldn't know, but any kind of broad timeline 
that you would have to kind of suggest 3 months, 6 months, 9 months? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Okay. So, Harit, on the first point, we chose to go to the market in Dishwash segment with Exo 
as our anchor brand in Bars segment and Pril in the Liquids segment. Both were completely 
distinct strategy chosen by us. Nothing was dictated upon us by anybody. So, in that sense, all 
the decisions that we took with respect to Exo brand and Pril brand, they were our decision. And 
there were no specific directions on restrictions, directions, etcetera, contractually between the 
two sides on treatment of Pril or our spend on Exo, etcetera. 
As far as the second question is concerned, as Jyothy has already put a disclaimer at the opening  
in her opening remarks, it is very difficult to comment or speculate on legal outcome, timing, 
when will it happen, how much time it's going to take. This is the first time that we have knocked 
the doors of Singapore International Arbitration Court. So, the court will take its course, and we 
will present our point of view through our lawyers before the court, is all I can tell you at this 
stage. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Okay. And just sorry, just one last clarification is that what you're saying is it doesn't affect your 
overall distribution, right? I mean even it’s right now, I know you will be building up Exo in 
MT, etcetera. But on the Liquids side, that doesn't really affect from  you can  you won't see a 
one quarter or so impact on other brands, one or two quarter impact on other brands because, 
say, Pril got out of MT or Pril got out of e-com and some kind of disruption there? There is no 
carry forward impact on distribution on any of the other brands. That's the right way to think 
about it, right on distribution? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
So as far as distribution muscle is concerned and our relationship with distribution, which is not 
dependent on one particular brand, which is Pril. So, we have a plethora of brands, and our go-
to-market strategy is built on the whole basket. As far as the implication is concerned and I think 
in the earlier question, you were talking about modelling aspect, etcetera.  
So, we mentioned clearly that we did not continue with manufacturing, selling and distribution 
of Pril and Fa with effect from 1st June. As far as April and May months are concerned, yes, the 
manufacturing, sales, distribution, we are happening at its normal course. And by, I think till 
about third week of May, we were doing primaries and thereafter, the secondaries and tertiaries 
were happening. And we did not we are not having enough exposure on account of inventory, 
whether it is raw material, FG, etcetera, as far as Pril and Fa brands are concerned as on 31st of 
May 2026. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Perfect. Thank you. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, team. Good evening and thanks for doing the call. I will restrict my question for clarifications 
only to a futuristic and your business strategy because I think it's fairly appropriate to ask about 
something which is subjudice. And to that extent, I appreciate that you're doing this call. 
Look, I think I only want to understand from your Dishwash strategy, Jyothy, is that let's say, 
you have, let's say, finite capital and you're allocating certain money behind Exo, certain money 
behind Pril. Yes, obviously, you had certain outcomes as well. Now that Exo, as I understand, 
has, let's say in certain markets etc. 
So at least in my mind, there's not much doubt or clarification before saying that can Exo, let's 
say, fill the gap from Pril, etcetera, from your point of view. The question here is now that you 
have certain capital freed up, let's say, the money which you're spending on Pril, let's say, in 
advertisements, etcetera.  
Is it being you now thinking about categories beyond Dishwash also, for example? Why restrict 
to say that if X goes and then you need a like-for-like replacement within the same category? 
That's question number one. Are we thinking in that direction? Point number two, does it also 
mean that you might be looking at inorganic also with a little more, I would say, urgency versus 
the past? Thank you. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So, Manoj, if I understood, your question is you’re saying that whether do we need to 
compensate through an Exo liquid or there are other categories that we are interested are we 
going to be there? So, the question is the answer is that, yes, we have a few NPDs in pipeline, 
which you will see obviously coming up. 
Those will be there, like I said in the earlier question also that there are a few  we are trying to 
negate the gap that is going to be created by this exit, okay, through all our other brands and the 
newer NPDs that are going to come up. But do we need a liquid in a Dishwash segment? Yes, 
we do need because we earlier had it and we had kind of kept it aside. We focused more on this 
brand for this segment. And for Exo, we concentrated on the bar segment. 
Now that, that area is open for us to be completely focused on that and since the margins are 
also better there, we definitely would like to take that forward. And Exo is the best brand that 
can be taken forward. It's it stands on antibacterial platform. It is an enzymatic liquid that we 
have brought in the market, both in bars in bars, it's the first enzymatic bar in the country. 
So, there are a lot of good things happening on the brand. We have brought in innovation, and 
we keep bringing in innovation always. So it is, I mean, the right thing to happen in a way that 
Exo has launched its liquid relaunch rather, in the liquid format in the 25th year of the brand.  
So, while Exo will do what Exo has to do, there are other brands also that are coming up in the 
next few quarters where you will see the intent is that we try and minimize the gap and also build 
for the future. In terms of inorganic, yes. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes. So as far as inorganic growth opportunities are concerned, Manoj, as you are aware, the 
company has been looking at various opportunities simply because Pril and Fa have departed, 
wouldn't put us in a situation where we will take any rash decision. So, our fundamental approach 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
to inorganic growth opportunities remains the same. And we are on a constant lookout for the 
right fit. And yes, so whenever it happens, we will announce it to the Street. 
Manoj Menon: 
Sure, sure. And just to reclarify what you spoke in the opening remarks, except for these 2 
brands, all the other Henkel brands are subsidized? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Correct. 
Manoj Menon: 
Superb. Thank you. Thank you, and all the very best.  
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Umang Shah with Banyan Tree Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Umang Shah: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Yes, you are. 
Umang Shah: 
Yes. Thank you. Thank you for conducting this call. My first question was, will Henkel be 
running this brand post taking it back? Or would they be selling it to somebody else? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Umang, thanks for the question, but we will not be able to comment on Henkel's strategy, what 
they are going to do about it. We can only talk about what we are how we are going to handle 
this situation. 
Umang Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And from our understanding, this was Dishwash was a 2-player market to a large 
extent, and then there were some private labels. Do you with Pril going back to Henkel, do you 
visualize one more player on a national basis coming in this segment? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
One more player as in Pril coming back? You were saying this, I'm sorry? 
Umang Shah: 
No, no. Not Pril. New brand, not Pril. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
New brand? 
Umang Shah: 
Yes. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, I really don't know about any other brand, but our focus will be on Exo, Umang. So, the 
thing is now for the first time, we'll be able to concentrate completely on this brand, on our own 
brand and that's where our interest is. And see, competition has come and gone. Even in the Bars 
segment, it's again largely a 2-player market between the market leader and us, and then there 
are other players as well. 
And there are a few known dishwash liquids also from organized players, but they are not that 
big as of now. And that's how the market is constructed right now. So, whoever comes also, it 
will be one more competition. So that's it. But our focus will be on Exo, how we have built the 
bar, we'll be continuously focusing on how to build the liquid segment as well. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Umang Shah: 
Right, right. And ma'am, correct me if my understanding is wrong, Exo was having very high 
market share in certain geographies, right? It did not have an all-India footprint. So, in that 
context, the set of distributors that you will have for growing this brand would be different, 
right? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
No, no. Who said Exo has very good market share in some of the states, but it's a pan-India 
brand. 
Umang Shah: 
Okay, okay. Sure. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, yes. Distributors are there across the country. 
Umang Shah: 
And just last clarification. What the contention  the bone of contention that we have with Henkel 
and that's what we are arbitrating for is the purchase consideration that they are  you are  we are 
supposed to receive because of the investment that we made in Pril over the years, right? That 
is one figure that we are getting into litigation. Is that the right understanding? 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Not exactly. It's a slightly complicated case. The core issue is the proper treatment of end-of-
term consequences under the license agreement framework, including the business transfer of 
Pril and Fa brand valuation consideration, associated transition matters, etcetera. So, it's a 
combination of a few issues. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next follow-up question comes from the line of Vishal Gutka with ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead.  
Vishal Gutka: 
Ma'am, can you just elaborate on what's happening on the Exo liquid? I think a couple of months 
back, you have launched. So, if you can just give a glance actually on the performance, how has 
been the performance so far? But the fluid impact aspects are going much faster. What is 
happening? I understand it's a very short period in the launch, but distribution gap is yet to be 
covered and what how many outlets is it present as of now? Any qualitative comment will be 
really helpful. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Okay. So, Vishal, I won't be able to comment on that the distribution and this thing for the right 
reasons, right? So, from the time that we have launched, we have seen frankly, a very good 
welcome from the distributors, from the market, from consumers as well, and I hope that 
continues. Our effort is only to first place and then build on the brand, completely invest on the 
brand, and that will happen. It's not even a quarter completely. So, too it will be jumping into 
that way too early. I think we should wait for some time to actually see, Exo as a bar has always 
been a success story for us, and we've built that. It's our number one brand in that sense. 
 
So, the same we want to replicate on liquid, I would say. So, we just have to be a bit patient. 
And yes, that is what we will build. We can't hurry up in this thing and consumers will take their 
time to know that there is a liquid under Exo and all of that warmup to that while we are trying 
all ground activities as well. But I think we have to give that some time. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
June 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. And NPDs that you're talking, ma'am, is it across categories or it is for, specific for, across 
category that we'll be launching for dish washing and any more NPDs planned or it across 
categories? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
It is across categories, Vishal. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Sid with IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi, this is Percy Panthaki here. What I wanted to ask is that as per the exit agreement with 
Henkel, should they choose to sort of take back the brand with them? How is the purchase 
consideration or how is rather the compensation structured? Is it structured as a sales multiple? 
Is it structured as an EBITDA multiple? Or is it some pre-decided lump sum amount? If it is a 
sales or EBITDA multiple? Is it sort of benchmarked to India FMCG or benchmarked to a global 
FMCG? Some kind of contours as to what the agreement actually is that would be helpful. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Percy, thanks for the question. See, some of the examples that you took while posing the 
question, I don't think those are explicitly mentioned in the agreement. However, as I said and 
as Jyothy also said, we would refrain from commenting on any of the aspects related to contract, 
strategy, etcetera, for obvious reasons since the matter is before CIAC. So, we would request 
you to kindly bear with us until the time the matter is decided. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Okay sir that is all from me. Thank you. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today. On behalf of 
ICICI Securities, which concludes this conference call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Pawan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
