                                                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
   May 21, 2026 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of the Analyst/Investors conference call 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 14, 2026 please find herewith the transcript of the Investor 
conference call for Investor and analyst meeting held on Thursday, May 14, 2026 at 05.00 PM (IST) related 
to the financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, conducted through digital means.  
 
The aforesaid information is available on the website of the Company i.e. 
 
https://dilipbuildcon.com/investors/shareholders-centre/ 
 
 
This is for your information and record.   
With Regards, 
 
 
 
For, Dilip Buildcon Limited  
 
 
 
Abhishek Shrivastava 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
Listing Department  
P.J Tower, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Stock Symbol -540047 
Stock Symbol –DBL  
ABHISHEK 
SHRIVAST
AVA
Digitally signed by 
ABHISHEK 
SHRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2026.05.21 
18:17:33 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Dilip Buildcon Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 14, 2026 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEVENDRA JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DILIP BUILDCON 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN SURYAVANSHI – HEAD STRATEGY AND 
PLANNING – DILIP BUILDCON LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DILIP BUILDCON LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Dilip Buildcon Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashith Salian from Adfactors PR. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Ashith Salian: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to discuss the audited 
financial performance for Q4 and FY26. I have with me Mr. Devendra Jain, MD and CEO; Mr. 
Rohan Suryavanshi, Head, Strategy and Planning; Mr. Sanjay Bansal, the CFO. 
 
Before we proceed, I would like to bring to your attention that certain statements made during 
this discussion may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our 
current expectations, assumptions and beliefs regarding future developments and are inherently 
subject to various risks, uncertainties and factors beyond our control. Such forward-looking 
statements involve both known and unknown risks, and we advise you to interpret them with 
caution. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi for his opening remarks. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of the whole DBL family, I extend a warm 
welcome to all our investors and analysts to our Q4 FY26 earnings conference call. The financial 
results and investor presentation for the quarter have already been uploaded on the stock 
exchanges, and we trust that all of you had the opportunity to go through them. 
 
I'm very pleased to inform that all our partners that this time we prepared a new presentation 
format, which simplifies how one should look at our company, given the new direction that we 
have embarked on. It talks about our past, our current status and where we are intending to go 
into the future. 
 
It divides the company in three verticals: EPC, the MDO vertical and the Assets vertical. Now 
all these three verticals have different roles. The EPC vertical is going to be the one building all 
the assets, while the MDO and the Asset business will continue to give us long-term revenue 
visibility and profitability. 
 
The reason why we have moved in this direction, I have already updated in the earlier calls. 
However, it is very important for me to point out right now that this strategic direction is very 
important for everyone to kind of pay attention to closely because by FY29 we anticipate three 
fourth of our profits to be coming from long-term assets and only one fourth to be coming from 
our EPC business. That is the scale of ramp-up that will happen in our asset business and the 
cash flows and profitability that it will provide. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Along with taking a lion's share in the profitability, it also is going to give us the visibility of the 
next 15 to 50 years of cash flow visibility. As you're all aware, the EPC business only gives a 
visibility of 2, 3 years. So having said that, let me now give you highlights on the broader sector 
environment, before which I talk about the DBL's performance. 
 
The infrastructure sector continues to offer strong long-term opportunities, supported by a 
sustained government focus on roads, railways and other sectors that we're currently involved 
in. 
 
Now during FY26, the average monthly tendering activity for the overall infrastructure sector 
by national and state governments put together remained healthy at INR1.4 trillion. However, 
this awarding activity was little sluggish in terms of the initial FY26 target that the government 
has set. This was obviously on account of various state elections, regulatory scrutiny and other 
administrative delays. But we remain optimistic about the sector in the midterm and the long 
term, given the government's continued focus on building assets across the infrastructure 
vertical. 
 
With all that positivity, there is also certain near-term challenges. The ongoing geopolitical 
conflict and the elevated crude oil prices have led to inflationary pressures across fuel, bitumen 
transportation and other key raw material costs impacting margins across the infrastructure 
industry. And in addition to this, the competitive intensity and bidding remains high in certain 
segments. While delays in project approvals, land acquisition and receivable cycles continue to 
impact execution time lines. 
 
However, despite these challenges, we believe the industry is gradually moving towards a more 
disciplined and execution-led growth cycle. In this backdrop, we continue to focus on selective 
tendering by prioritizing high-quality projects with better margin visibility, balanced risk/reward 
and strong counterparties rather than pursuing scale only. 
 
We remain focused on maintaining execution discipline, strengthening operational efficiencies 
and preserving balance sheet strength, which we believe will help us navigate near-term 
volatility while positioning the company to benefit from long-term infrastructure opportunities 
in India. 
 
Now coming to DBL's business performance. Our performance this year must be viewed through 
the lens of the DBL 2.0 philosophy, which we have shared earlier and spoken about in the 
presentation. We have consistently communicated that our approach to order booking is 
selective. We are prioritizing profitability, cash flow visibility and return ratios over pure top 
line growth. Increasingly, we view our EPC business not just as a volume-driven profit center, 
but as a capital-efficient execution and incubation engine. This engine allows us to create long 
duration, monetizable platforms across diversified asset classes. 
 
I'm also very happy to report that for the FY26, DBL has secured total order inflows of 
INR18,548 crores, which is much higher than our original guided figure. We had also 
communicated this that we have exceeded that full year order inflow guidance earlier. But 
Q4FY26 has further added to it. Our order book today remains among the most diversified in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
the industry, providing strong visibility across multiple infrastructure segments without relying 
on any single one. 
 
Our current bid pipeline stands at INR80,000 crores plus across sectors. With optimum 
utilization of existing assets and a disciplined approach towards capital expenditure, the 
company continues to enhance capital efficiency and deliver improved return on investments. 
 
Now turning on to our mining vertical, which is increasingly becoming an important driver of 
DBL's long-term earnings visibility and cash flow generation. Our coal MDO operations have 
continued to scale up steadily during FY26, beating our own targets in terms of production and 
helping diversify a larger part of business away from the cyclicality of a traditional EPC 
business. At the Siarmal mine, Q4FY26 production stood at 7.24 crore tons and cumulatively 
FY26 production stood at 22.35 crore tons, achieving full year production target. 
 
Similarly, the Pachhwara coal mine continued its gradual ramp-up with FY26 production closing 
at 6.37 million metric tons. So on a consolidated basis, DBL coal production for FY26 stands at 
28.72 million metric tons. Now we remain committed to achieving our annual coal production 
of around 57 million metric tons by FY29, which at its full capacity would represent a significant 
part of India's total coal output and positioning DBL as a critical partner in the nation's energy 
security. As production scales up further, mining is expected to contribute meaningfully to the 
company's EBITDA generation and overall cash flow strength. 
 
Our InvIT strategy continues to progress in line with the road map we had outlined earlier. 
Following the successful listing of Anantam Highways InvIT, we currently hold about INR1,400 
crores worth of units in the Anantam Highways and around INR200 crores in the Shrem InvIT, 
taking the total value of InvIT units on our balance sheet to nearly INR1,600 crores. Now this 
has created a long-term platform for predictable distributions and structured deleveraging for the 
company. 
 
We also remain on track to transfer the remaining HAM assets in phases through March 2027. 
The next tranche of 11 assets is expected to require less than INR200 crores of incremental 
investment while generating InvIT units valued at around INR1,800 crores, implying a net equity 
value creation of INR1,500 crores to INR1,600 crores. 
 
Now while I'm explaining these other sectors, I also want to take this opportunity to debunk 
some commonly held perceptions about the company, which we have also highlighted in the 
presentation. The first perception is that we have made significant revenues from our home state 
throughout our history of the past two decades. However, the data suggests otherwise, you would 
all be surprised to know that in the last 20 years, only 10% of the total revenue that we have 
made has come from the state government of MP, while 90% has come from national 
government and other states. Now this is a very big important perception that I'm trying to correct 
that we have been working mostly outside our home state rather than in our own state.  
Similarly, there has been a perception about our debt that has lingered since many years. And 
even though in the past, our debt might have been higher than our peer groups as we were in a 
capex cycle and in a growing stage, our debt position today is very comfortable. And besides 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
that, we have significant assets against it, which was not the case in the past. Now coming to our 
debt position. Outstanding debt as of March 31, 2026 stood at approximately INR1,800 crores 
at the stand-alone level and INR7,082 crores at the consol level. Now the consol obviously is 
because we keep building these new assets, and it's a temporary phenomenon where as soon as 
we build the SPV and those are completed, we either sell them or we're going to put them into 
our InvIT. So it's a temporary 2-, 3-year thing that we are going to do. And all the future revenues 
of those assets are tagged against that. So it's a very safe investment from that perspective. 
 
Now against our stand-alone debt of INR1,880 crores today, we hold nearly INR1,600 crores of 
InvIT units on the balance sheet. Had we chosen to sell all these units, our net debt would have 
been roughly INR300 crores or so. But because we decided that we wanted to build a platform 
where we have cash flows coming in for the next 15, 20 years, we have decided to retain them 
as we realize we are in a very comfortable position going forward, and we have a very good 
order book as well. 
 
Besides these InvIT units, let me also point out 2 assets that we already have. We also have about 
INR1,000 crores plus invested in under construction projects, which will soon get transferred 
into the InvIT and generate additional InvIT units of, like I mentioned, INR1,800 crores. 
 
Similarly, we also have a gross block of little less about INR3,600 crores on our balance sheet, 
which translates into about an INR800 crores of net block. Now these assets are all debt free. 
These are all equipment that the company uses, and we have no debt against it. While our only 
working capital debt is shown, we have significant assets against all our debt. 
 
And more than this, as we have already said, our agenda is to be a net debt-free balance sheet by 
FY28. We are very confident of this because of the continued cash generation from our EPC 
operations, our MDO operations and the growing income from our InvIT holdings. So it's a clear 
pathway that we see. 
 
So overall, FY26, while it was a relatively challenging year for the infrastructure sector, we 
believe it also marks an important transition towards a more disciplined and execution-oriented 
industry environment. Dilip Buildcon with its diversified order book, our steadily scaling mining 
operations and a well-defined InvIT monetization platform, along with continued focus on 
capital efficiency, we are structurally positioned much better than before. 
 
And as we move ahead, our focus remains firmly on disciplined growth, execution excellence, 
balance sheet strengthening and sustainable cash flow generation. Now supported by the long-
term infrastructure opportunities in India and improving contribution from our own stable cash-
generating businesses, we remain confident in our ability to create sustainable long-term value 
for all our stakeholders. 
 
Now with that, I would like to hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Sanjay Bansal who would like 
to take you through the financial performance for the quarter in greater detail. Thank you. 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Thank you, Rohanji. Good evening to all. I will now briefly take you through the key highlights 
and financial performance for the quarter and full year ended 31st March 2026. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
During FY26, the company added projects worth INR18,548 crores and completed projects 
worth INR2,812 crores. As a result, the company continues to maintain a healthy and diversified 
order book with strong execution visibility across multiple infrastructure segments. On a stand-
alone basis, the revenue for FY26 stood at INR7,005 crores as compared to INR9,004 crores in 
FY25, reflecting a Y-o-Y change of approximately 22.2% negative. 
 
EBITDA for the year stood at INR734 crores against INR903 crores in the previous year, 
representing a Y-o-Y change of negative 18.72%, while the profit after tax stood at INR841 
crores as against INR311 crores in FY25. 
 
Now on consol basis, FY26 revenue stood at INR8,984 crores as compared to INR11,317 crores 
in previous year, reflecting a Y-o-Y change of negative 20.6%. The consolidated EBITDA stood 
at INR1,766 crores with an EBITDA margin of 19.6%, while profit after tax stood at INR1,398 
crores as against INR840 crores in FY25. 
 
With that overview, we are now happy to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. 
Shravan Shah: 
Congratulations on historic highest ever order inflow for us, INR18,000 crores plus. And also 
good to see that the new presentation and particularly the MDO revenue profitability that you 
have said, which we were asking from. So now a couple of questions. So first on the MDO front 
itself. So now we will be sharing this on a quarterly basis, the MDO revenue profitability, what 
we have said on the Slide number 14? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sure, sir. We'll be sharing it on a quarterly basis, and thank you for your feedback. We 
understand you were asking for certain things. But strategically, what the company felt that this 
was the right time now to talk in greater detail about how we are planning to go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Yes. So, a couple of questions on the MDO front. So is it possible for us to kind of a broader 
thought process in terms of the kind of one can say, a guidance in terms of the broader the 
revenue and the margin, given that we need to still do a coal handling plant capex for Siarmal. 
So obviously, the depreciation will increase. 
 
So how one can look at after 2 years kind of maybe a profitability or margin at the MDO level? 
And the related is how we are thinking to kind of monetize this from the investors' perspective. 
So whoever holding DBL shares, how they will get benefited through this -- the significant 
profitability that we have and obviously, the revenue visibility is significant. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Thank you, Shravan ji. I think it's a great question. Obviously, as any analyst, you would like to 
understand how this business will shape up and how the profitability and the revenues will shape 
up. See, the beauty about this business, it's a very simple to sort of project kind of business 
because every year, by law, we are supposed to do a contracted value. And the pricing per tonne 
that the government is going to pay for us is already set. 
 
So simply, what you have to do is as you keep on expanding our volume that we are providing 
every year, if you just do a simple mathematic fill number, that, okay, this year, if DBL did this 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
much. So now Siarmal, you know that the rate is around, let's say, I think about INR500 or so is 
the rate at Siarmal and about INR1,100 tonne is a rate at Pachhwara. 
 
So the simple math that you will have to do is just do it a multiple into how the next 3 years 
because by FY29, we will achieve full year target of 50 million metric tonne at Siarmal. And 
while Pachhwara is already working at the same 7 million metric tonne per year. 
 
Now if I talk about FY27, we are expecting about 33 or 35 or 30 plus in that. And the year after 
that, we are targeting upwards of 40 million at Siarmal and then 50, like I mentioned, in the fifth 
year. Now Pachhwara, like I said, will be same. Pottangi, in the next 3 years, we'll be setting it 
up. 
 
Again, the as per contract, we've defined how much we'll be doing in the next 3 years earlier in 
our earlier presentation as well. So the mining plan will be kind of flowing through that way 
only with the EPC business and the mining business will flow in that. 
 
So put together, and I think it's a safe sort of way assumption to take that you take similar 
profitability for your sake of making the model. That would be how you can sort of do the mining 
sort of revenue separately and how the profitability will look. 
 
Sorry. So what we anticipate from the current INR1,600 crores of revenue in this year, we expect 
revenue to increase to about INR2,500 crores or so in FY27, which will further increase to about 
INR3,000 plus INR100 crores in FY28. And eventually, I think in FY29, we should be 
somewhere in the range of around INR4,000 crores of revenue coming from this sector. So that's 
how it will kind of play out. If we were to do just a simple math of the multiplication of the total 
tonnage and the rate that we're at. So that's how it will work out. 
 
Now coming to the second part that you asked, see, all these are subsidiaries held completely 
under Dilip Buildcon. And obviously, we would want to ensure that our shareholders always get 
maximum returns. So at an appropriate time, if we feel there is a certain way which will help us 
extract a greater value from all these assets that will be functioning at their peak capacity, we 
will take that call. Currently, we have no such agenda to apprise the market of. 
Shravan Shah: 
Got it. Got it, sir. Sir, For second question on the InvIT part. So you have mentioned that 
currently, we are closely having a INR200 crores InvIT in the Shrem and INR1,400 crores in the 
Alpha. So put together, INR1,600 crores after maybe INR200 crores investment, we will be 
getting INR1,800 crores more. So roughly INR3,300 crores InvIT value that we will be having 
maybe a 2 years down the line. 
 
So there in presentation last time, distribution from Alpha particularly, that number was on the 
higher side for '21 now that number is on the lower side, INR350 crores or then in 2019, it is 
coming INR386 crores. So just wanted to understand, is there some understanding that now we 
will be getting a lesser dividend or whatever the return on the equity or the InvITs that we are 
holding? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So as far as the InvIT units value is concerned, you are right, after 11 assets further divestment 
to InvITs, that kind of InvIT units holding will be there. But at the same time, you must 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
appreciate that the timing of transfer the assets to InvIT changed in FY26. And in '27 also, we 
will be transferring 4 assets in quarter 1 and then balance in quarter 4 or quarter 1 of FY28. So 
basis that the cash flow from the distribution is envisaged in the Slide number 24 shown in the 
presentation. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay. Got it. Now sir, on the standalone part, the broader guidance number, just wanted to 
recheck. So on the standalone front, the revenue for FY27, EBITDA margin, order inflow, how 
much we are looking at capex? And also, if you can help us in terms of the net debt, you have 
said that by FY28, we will be net debt free. But in FY27, how much one can look at to a 
reduction? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
So Shravan ji, as I mentioned earlier as well, now FY27 revenue target from -- if we look at 
FY26 number, we mentioned it will be a 30% to 40% growth from this number. So we're in line 
with that because we have the order. The order book is very healthy right now at almost 
INR28,000 crores. So we are very confident of the revenue that we should be able to get. That's 
where it will -- the revenue number would be at. 
 
Now in terms of our EBITDA, we are targeting that same 11%, 12% EBITDA that we have 
mentioned. That will be in line with that. Now more than that, we are also targeting about 
INR10,000 crores, INR12,000 crores of new order inflow to come in this financial year, which 
will provide us good visibility extending up to FY '30. So that will be there. 
 
Similarly, now you also asked us about the debt, how much we are anticipating to reduce in this 
financial year. We anticipate somewhere between INR600 crores to INR800 crores of debt will 
be reduced in this financial year. And already from last quarter, we've reduced about INR250 
crores to INR300 crores of debt already. And we anticipate going forward in the next 2 years, 
like I mentioned, we should be where we are at near net debt 0 kind of numbers. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
So my question was again on the solar and transmission business, where we have decided to 
commit certain x amount of funds over a period of FY27 and '28. So I wanted to understand the 
structure of this investment. Firstly, on the part where you are stating in Slide number 24 that 
structured equity from acquirer for transmission, solar, a certain amount is given. What is it 
exactly? I mean, I want to understand the structure behind that. Secondly, I wanted to understand 
what would be our equity commitment and what would be the expected IRR on this project? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Basically, the idea of Dilip Buildcon in transmission and solar is to raise around 85% equity 
commitment through these projects from the investor who will be putting in equity during 
construction. So the commitment from DBL side would be 15% of the total equity requirement 
in these projects. In terms of EBITDA margin, in transmission, it is upward of 24%. IRR would 
be high teens in both the projects. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. So if I understand it right, for these projects, would you be floating a separate SPV where 
the fundraise would be done? Or how is it? That is the structure I was thinking about? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, this is -- I said the acquirer will put in equity directly into the project coals. So 
transmission SPV, the potential acquirer will put in direct equity to the SPV of transmission and 
similarly in solar. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And yes, so my second question on this is on our the coal business. I heard 
you earlier regarding the MDO business where you gave a stated guidance on how you see the 
picture moving ahead. I wanted to just understand how do we see this business from the margin 
point of view, majorly, I mean, especially in quarter 4, I think the margins have come down a 
bit versus how do we see this margin going forward for the next 3 years to our stated target in 
FY29? Would we see more like a fixed percentage of margin coming in? Or as we scale up, 
would we see that operating leverage playing in it? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, thank you for your question. See, the margin that you are talking about that has come down 
in the mining business temporarily right now is primarily because the evacuation by the 
government could not be done on time. So there is at the Siarmal mine, right now, we have about 
6 million metric tons of stock, which is lying at site because of delayed evacuation by the 
government and because of unavailability of racks. 
 
Otherwise, production from our side was doing well. And these are temporary issues. We expect 
this to kind of normalize with the government taking a keen interest in ensuring that all the 
supply chain logistics are kind of worked out. So we expect in the mid to term, this will all kind 
of normalize. 
 
Long term, if we talk about the margin profile, you're very right. There will be economies of 
scale that will play out as we work at peak capacity as our coal handling plant comes online. 
There is also a kicker in the contract where once the coal handling plant comes online, we will 
be entitled to a higher revenue share. 
 
So all those things will add to a sweetener much later. However, we are just saying when you're 
looking to build your model, you can build it conservatively around these numbers and 
understand how this business will kind of flow. But we are confident that as scale hits and as we 
also complete our coal-handling plant and hit COD, the margins will meaningfully improve. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. I mean if I have to see just from the numbers perspective, FY25 blended, the margin was 
around 26%. Now it is 23%. And quarter 4, because of onetime impact has led to a lower margin. 
So it would be fair to say that 24%, 25% is a more stabilized level of margin and any economies 
of scale that come after this would add on to the margin that is in place, right? If I... 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
You're right, sir. You're right. That range is the right range to take, and there will be improvement 
on that, yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sanjay Parekh from Sohum Asset Managers Private Limited. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
I just wanted as we move to 29 and 30, what are the annuity streams of revenue, if you can 
broadly for each of the segment, you can explain that is one. And secondly particularly 
renewable project, my colleague asked, but where are we because I think these are short tenure 
projects. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
So what is the status a little bit on the payback and the structured equity, again, I just wanted to 
understand that of the equity portion, 15% will be put by us, 85% will come as equity, but they 
will be given debt returns. Is that the way? And who could be the potential investors here? So 
that is a little more granular understanding of that project? And when do we start and when do 
we complete? That is -- that will help me. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sanjay sir, thank you for your question. I think you asked a bunch of questions. So let me start 
with the last bit that you're saying. So the transmission and the solar projects that we are doing, 
the larger strategy for us, as we mentioned earlier, that we want to build different asset classes. 
 
Just like what we've done in the road sector, we want to build it in other sectors as well, whether 
it's water, whether it's transmission, whether it's renewable, whether it's oil and gas, we want to 
do it across. But having done that, we have also promised the market that we want to be a debt-
free company by FY28. 
 
So while our larger goal long term remains to create different platforms, short term, we also 
realize the reality that if we invest all our free cash in equity, then we won't be able to achieve 
our goal of being a net debt-free company by '28. So the model that we are going to do in between 
right now is that whatever these assets that we are building, we will build these assets, make our 
EPC margin. And we are looking to divest these assets at an earlier stage and find an investor 
right now also so that we attain our short-term goal of 2028 being near net debt free. That is why 
we are looking for investors currently in these assets. 
 
Now 2 years down the line, when I'm completely debt-free, when I'm doing these assets, I will 
look to hold on because we will have significant amount of free cash flow coming from our 
mining operations, from our InvIT operations. So my thing would be at that time, where do I 
deploy this capital, which not only gives a greater return for my investors, but also gives us EPC 
business. So that will be the long-term goal that we have. 
 
So, I hope -- the strategy that the company has is basically on the short term, why we're doing 
this finding a buyer right now is kind of clear because we want to also be net debt free and not 
put all our equity into building these assets. and then sell it completely at that one time. Hence, 
this methodology and the wire media has been adopted right now. That is the goal. 
 
The structure that you are asking, it won't be like any investor who is coming in, it won't be a 
near debt kind of return that they'll be looking at. They'll be looking at, obviously, a more higher 
return than that. And we will be structuring to see how both their sort of aspirations and our 
goals can meet and we can find a common way between both of them. 
 
That will be the idea and the goal for us. And those discussions are ongoing. Obviously, I'm not 
at the liberty to talk about any names and what it is. But I'm sure we'll be able to give you a 
better clarity and good news on that in the coming sort of short term only because those 
discussions are going on, and we will give you better clarity going forward. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
No, it's is very helpful, Rohan bhai. Only one thing, the structuring of this will be -- the debt 
portion will be depend on the structure, right, just to understand? The structure has to be in place 
for you to get the debt for the project. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, so the SPV has already been formed, all the SPVs have been formed. Now the equity and 
debt that has to be put in them, all of them have also been defined already, that how much equity 
and how much debt will go in each that has been defined. We have also gone to the lenders with 
that same structure, okay, that this is the equity that we'll put in and this is the debt that we will 
need. We also have in-principle approval from lenders for all the projects that we are talking 
about. 
 
So, we also have that. So all that process is done. Now the equity, let's say, in solar, about 
INR1,200 crores of equity and in transmission about INR400 crores of equity has to go, now 
what we are doing is of the INR1,600 crores of equity, we are looking to find a solution that 
85% of the capital that has to be invested as equity comes from the investor, while 15% is put 
by on DBL's own balance sheet. 
 
So essentially, the the free cash that is generated at the company level goes and reduces my 
standalone debt. So that is the goal because in these 2 areas right now, we don't have an InvIT. 
However, for the road, we already have an InvIT. We already have an exit platform. We already 
have units already that we are holding. So we would not want to let go of all those finished assets 
right now, but rather do this and because this is not a ready platform that we have, we are open 
to selling it completely also at this juncture just to, like I said, achieve our short-term goal of 
being a near net debt company by FY28. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
Perfect. Perfect. This is very helpful. And what is the commissioning deadline for this? Is there 
any commissioning deadline? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
2 years. 2 years. 
Sanjay Parekh: 
2 years from April '26? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Yes. that is broad line, whenever we start the project, so 2 years from there, it will go. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Subhankar Ojha from SKS Capital & Research. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
Sir, just quickly in terms of how many more assets to be transferred to this Anantam InvIT? And 
by when this will be done? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, we have 11 more assets to be transferred into the Anantam InvIT, the road assets that we're 
talking about. And this will be happening gradually through this year and by first quarter next 
year is what we are expecting. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
And how much more equity -- I mean, how much investment you'll have to put in for these assets 
to be completed and transferred? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, for the 11 assets in total, it is less than INR200 crores, INR169 crores to be exact right now, 
which is there on in the presentation Slide number 24, you will find it there. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
Okay. And once this is transferred, so by next year, quarter 1, what will be your the valuation of 
those... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, about INR3,000 crores, INR3,300 crores in between that will be total InvIT value that we'll 
have including the seven assets that we've done and these 11 that will go, so I mean, against the 
total 18 assets that we have that we will be putting in the InvIT, we will have InvIT units worth 
between INR3,000 crores to INR3,300 crores. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
So here, you have INR3,300 crores and the other one is INR200 crores. So there is... 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Yes. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
So that INR200 crores is there. And you don't have any further increase of value in that. Is that 
right? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
No, that will be the same. It's an InvIT unit. Those units are there. It is giving us dividend income. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
So, Rs. 3,500 crores plus in ownership of assets. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Somewhere in that range. All these are dependent, because there is some change of scope that 
happens at the project levels, government is not able to give us all the land at times. So the final 
BPC value obviously always determines. So these are obviously broad strokes that we are telling 
you. 
Subhankar Ojha: 
I see. Great, sir, in terms of -- obviously, you have talked about it in terms of your payment from 
JJM last quarter. What is the status now? Do you have any further payment to be received from 
JJM? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Payments are regular monthly payments are happening there. We don't have any hold up there. 
That was earlier in the year that had been there, but there are hold up on JJM payments. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ishita Lodha from SVAN Investment. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Congratulations on a very strong order inflow, much better than the other industry peers. I have 
a few questions for the CFO, sir. As per Slide number 33, the receivables have increased from 
INR1,384 crores as on March '25 to INR1,783 crores as on March 26, despite 22% decline in 
revenue and the funds that were blocked from Jal Jeevan Mission have been released. Can you 
just explain? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, there are two types of payments from Jal Jeevan Mission. One is basically regular 
bills and one is basically the final amounts. So, Jal Jeevan Mission, the last 10%, which is 
basically uncertified one, which will be paid once we will do the last hydro testing. So that 
INR400 crores will be paid once we will do the hydro testing. 
 
So basically, it will happen partly this quarter and partly next quarter. So, the increase in 
receivable from FY25 to '26 is mainly on account of this INR400 crores receivable from the Jal 
Jeevan Mission projects. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay. And given the debt reduction target of INR600 crores to INR800 crores in FY27, what is 
our expected interest outgo from the cash flow next year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, if you see this year we reduced around 11% interest cost, next year reduction in 
our Net debt, our total interest cost outflow will be close to between Rs. 375-400 crores. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay. And I heard in the opening remarks that the order inflow was INR18,500 crores. But if I 
do the back of envelope calculation, taking closing order book of INR28,800 crores and opening 
order book of almost INR15,000 crores and execution of INR7,000 crores, the implied order 
inflow comes to INR22,000 crores. So, the differential of INR2,400 crores is change of order or 
the order inflow that you received since FY27? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So madam, you can see -- let me tell you the slide number and remarks below the slide number, 
the INR18,550 crores order book order is from third parties, whereas we have orders from our 
coal business. So, we aid the coal business next 3 years order book and every quarter has changed 
because we are in the phase where the volumes are increasing. So, every quarter, there is 
addition. So just see the note on the Slide number 18. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, what was the distribution income from Shrem and Alpha that was 
included in the standalone other income in FY26? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Total dividend and interest income during FY26 from both the units are INR64.5 crores. And 
the distribution was higher. So the total distribution was close to INR100 crores. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay. so in the opening remarks, it was mentioned that bitumen and raw material costs have 
increased due to the crude price impact. So can we pass this on entirely? What is the on our 
margins? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, for every contract, there is an inflation formula from which we get the impact of 
the increase in pricing of these raw material or the items, but this formula may not give you 
100% increase because you can see the increase in the HSD and bitumen prices sharply. But the 
formula gives partly adjusted through the formula. But the balance is impact on the margins. So, 
you can see some margin impact on coal business where the HSD is the major cost. So, there 
will be some impact. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from PL Capital. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Sir, in terms of interest cost, though you did clarify how you see the projective next year. But if 
I look at FY26, interest costs have gone down, but debt level has seen an increase absolute level 
basis. 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, let me tell you, at the standalone level, yes, interest cost is reduced by 11%, and 
that is mainly because of the reduction in the cost of debt. Basically, the working capital cost of 
debt is reduced significantly on WCDL the interest rate reduced by almost 125 basis points, that 
is the impact on the interest cost. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. Because our revenue has also declined. So maybe probably mobilization advance or I 
mean like the interest cost linked to that, it will have certain bearing on the... 
Sanjay Bansal: 
Yes, you are right, partly the impact of the lesser mobilization advance as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dilip Buildcon Limited 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes. So maybe next year, when we are targeting a growth interest costs, I mean, like at an 
absolute level, do you see it will reduce? Reason is in terms of the outflow equity tracker that 
you mentioned, there is a shortfall around INR250-odd crores. Short-term debt could see an 
increase, revenues are increasing and interest for the absolute level, it could increase. So is that 
fair to understand or probably I'm missing? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, if you heard Rohanji in the opening remarks, he said this year, basically, by March 
'28, our target is to make this company debt free. So, this year, we will be reducing close to 
INR600 crores to INR800 crores debt gradually. So, the primary impact of interest reduction in 
absolute terms would be from the debt reduction. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Yes. Sir, my question is, I wanted to understand on our standalone EPC order book I wanted to 
understand the part where do you think the ongoing war, there has been RM excalation -- and 
how -- so do we have a clause in place for pass-through of this escalation of raw materials? How 
is the arrangement for us and whichever order we have got till now? 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
Sir, obviously, whenever there is such a sudden spike or increase in prices, no contract will ever 
protect you against that because government contracts are linked more towards the WPI and CPI 
index and not -- does not take into account in this thing. So it's not completely passed through, 
and we will be facing those challenges as well as will be the rest of the industry. The -- I guess 
the saving grace here is the government is aware of this issue. 
 
And we as a federation, the National Highway Builder Federation, we are also talking with the 
government about these issues. And we're trying to see how this blow can be softened. And 
hopefully, in the coming sort of days, there should be some kind of regulation that could do. I 
don't think and know that everything can or would be protected. But there will definitely be 
some kind of respite that we hope that the government will kind of step in and do. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. Sir, could you share what is our cost of borrowing? 
Sanjay Bansal: 
So, our cost of borrowing around 9% on average basis. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rohan Suryavanshi for closing comments. Over to you. 
Rohan Suryavanshi: 
On behalf of the whole DBL family, I thank all of our partners who came and joined and ask 
questions. I think please do go through our presentation in detail because we have put significant 
thought in terms of designing it for you guys to how the future of the company will pan out. And 
I think that might be very useful for an investor looking at how the company will shape up. So, 
thank you very much, and I look forward to seeing all of you guys for our next quarter call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Dilip Buildcon Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
