 
 
                               CIN No.: L24231GJ1998PLC034094 
 
Date: June 03, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532967 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip ID - KIRIINDUS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for Q4-FY26/FY26 Earnings Conference call 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the Transcript of                     
Q4-FY26/FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, June 01, 2026. 
 
The Transcript of Q4-FY26/FY26 Earnings Conference Call is also available on website of 
the Company at www.kiriindustries.com. 
 
You are kindly requested to take note of the same. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kiri Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Suresh Gondalia 
Company Secretary 
M No. : F7306 
Encl: As stated 
 
GONDALIA 
SURESH 
SAVAJIBHAI
Digitally signed by GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=380015, st=GUJARAT, street=21, 
BHAVI APARTMENT, ,156 NEHRU 
PARK, ,AHMADABAD,VASTRAPUR ,380015, l=AHMADABAD, 
o=Personal, 
serialNumber=61ef2e945d9b4545361118485ed828d8e6a1
7a5394d0cc83c0083d7fae6378bf, 
pseudonym=df3fa15041844632b83c6e37da8b7e34, 
2.5.4.20=2ffb8407a32dbc76dc1756ccf827b5ded85b5aad6
7c9ece0e2e2eb8303f03eca, 
email=SURESH.GONDALIA@KIRIINDUSTRIES.COM, 
cn=GONDALIA SURESH SAVAJIBHAI 
Date: 2026.06.03 10:30:33 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
Kiri Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kiri Industries Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
“*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors for opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Kiri Industries Limited. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and full Financial Year 2026. Before we begin, let 
me mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as 
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decision. The purpose of today's Earnings Conference Call is purely 
to educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review. I would now like to introduce you to the management participating with 
us in the conference call. 
Mr. Manish Kiri - Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Jayesh Hirani - Vice President, Accounts 
and Finance, Mr. Suresh Gondalia - Company Secretary, and Mr. Ranjit Singh Chugh – CEO, Indo 
Asia Copper Limited. 
I would now request Mr. Manish Kiri to give us his opening remarks. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
Manish Kiri: 
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter 
and full Financial Year 2026. I hope you are all keeping safe and well. 
FY26 has been a very important year for Kiri Industries. The successful conclusion of DyStar 
matter marked the end of a journey that has been part of the company for many years. With 
that chapter now behind us, our focus is firmly on the opportunities ahead and on building the 
next phase of growth for the company. As all of you are aware, we are developing an integrated 
copper and fertilizer project, which will form an important part of the company's future 
growth. 
During the quarter, the project continued to make steady progress across engineering, 
procurement, infrastructure development activities, while several important milestones were 
achieved. Engineering activities across the copper rod tube and refinery and associated utility 
facilities continue to progress under the supervision of Tata Consulting Engineers. We have 
completed key procurement milestones through the placement of orders for critical machinery 
and utility packages, while technical finalization and ordering activities for long-lead equipment 
continued as planned. 
Construction and infrastructure development activities have gathered momentum across the 
project site. Progress was achieved across utilities infrastructure, including oxygen facility, 
sulfuric acid plant, associated facilities, while work continued on various civil and further 
infrastructure packages supporting overall project execution schedule. In parallel, we continue 
to strengthen the long-term operating framework of the project through the development of 
supporting facilities, including desalination plant, renewable energy integration, logistic 
systems, etc. 
We are also progressing initiatives related to raw material sourcing, supply chain development, 
which will support the project as it moves towards the next stage of execution. Overall, the 
project continues to progress in line with our roadmap and our focus remains on achieving the 
next set of execution milestones. With that update on the project, let me now briefly touch 
upon the performance of our existing business and the financial performance for the quarter 
and financial year. 
On a standalone basis, the company delivered a strong performance during Q4 FY26, with 
revenue from operations increasing by 29% year-on-year to Rs.241 crore, driven by improved 
business volumes, stronger realization in dye intermediate segment, as well as the lower legal 
cost. Reflecting the underlying strength of the operations, the company generated and 
adjusted EBITDA of approximately Rs.35 crore during the quarter, post year-end closing 
adjustments. However, as part of the annual financial closing and finalization process, certain 
non-cash closing period measurement adjustments aggregating to approximately Rs.114 crore 
were recognized during the quarter. 

 
Page 3 of 19 
For the full year FY26, the company delivered good performance, with standalone revenue 
from operations increasing by 19% year-on-year, with Rs.778 crore of sales, supported by 
improved business volumes and favorable realizations across key product segments. The 
company generated an adjusted EBITDA of Rs.79 crore in FY26, post year-end closing 
adjustments. However, as part of the annual financial closing and finalization process, certain 
non-cash measurement transactions were recognized during the year, which impacted the 
reported EBITDA. 
On a consolidated basis, the company delivered strong performance during Q4 FY26, with 
revenue from operations increasing by 22% year-on-year to Rs.251 crore, supported by 
improved business volumes across key segments. The company generated and adjusted 
consolidated EBITDA of Rs.33 crore during the quarter, post year-end closing adjustments.  
Finance cost declined sharply to Rs.8 crore during the quarter, from Rs.54 crore in Q4 FY25, 
reflecting improving underlying operating performance. 
For the full year FY26, the company delivered resilient consolidated performance, with revenue 
from operations increasing 14% year-on-year to Rs.840 crore, supported by improved business 
volumes and steady business momentum across key segments. The company generated and 
adjusted consolidated EBITDA, which includes the joint venture in India, to Rs.127 crore during 
FY26, post year-end closing adjustments. The share of profit from associate and joint ventures 
for FY26 stood at Rs.188 crore, comprising Rs.58 crore from our 40% stake in Lonsen Kiri 
Chemical Industries and Rs.129 crore from DyStar, recognizing up to Q2 FY26. The significant 
increase in profitability during FY26 was primarily driven by the successful monetization of 
DyStar investment, which was recognized as an exceptional item during the year. Based on an 
independent expert legal opinion obtained by the management, only a portion of the award 
amount has been considered taxable, while the balance has been treated as a judicial capital 
receipt based on the judgment award. Accordingly, the company has recognized tax provision 
on the taxable portion of the award. 
On the operational front, the Dye and Dyes Intermediates business saw a meaningful recovery 
during Q4 FY26, supported by improved business volumes and stronger operational activities 
across key segments. Dyes Intermediates remained the largest revenue contributor at 52%, 
followed by Dyes at 33% and Basic Chemicals at 15%. While raw material cost pressures 
continue to weigh on margins during the year, the strong volume recovery witnessed in Q4 is 
an encouraging sign as we move into FY27. 
We continue to focus on operational efficiency, cost optimization and pricing discipline to 
improve profitability and strengthen the business over the long term. The outlook for Dyes 
Intermediates is becoming more constructive. China's supply of key intermediates has 
tightened due to environmental compliance measures and production containments, which is 
expected to support industry dynamics and improve realizations for Indian producers going 
forward. 

 
Page 4 of 19 
For joint ventures, Lonsen Kiri continued to deliver a steady performance during the year and 
remains an important contributor to the group's overall performance. Looking ahead, FY26 
marks the beginning of a new chapter for the Kiri Industries. DyStar matter is resolved. The 
balance sheet is transformed, execution of copper and fertilizer project is well underway, core 
chemical business is showing encouraging volume recovery and the external environment for 
Dyes Intermediates segment is turning more favorable. 
We remain focused on discipline execution, prudent capital allocation and building a strong 
foundation for the company's next phase of growth. With that, we can now begin the question-
and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies 
and gentlemen, you will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We take the 
first question from the line of Harshit Khadka from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. Thank you 
for the opportunity. 
Harshit Gada: 
Yes, sir. Thank you. Sir, we had earlier commented that the phase one of our plant will start in 
April 2027 and we will do revenue of, say, 20000-25000 crores in that year. So, are we still on 
track?  Are we maintaining those comments? 
Manish Kiri: 
 From 27-28 financial year, we will be operational. The first part of the project will be 
operational, but it would be operational unit by unit. 
So, it would be downstream products, then the refinery would be operational, secondary 
product line operation. All will be operational in 2027-28 and we continue to have, based on 
the pricing, somewhere around 40,000 crores plus revenue in this year as well.  
Harshit Gada: 
 
Understood, sir.  I just wanted to understand what is the debt outlook for FY 27 and 28? 
Manish Kiri: 
Depending on how much drawdown we take on the CAPEX debt, there is no other debt right 
now. The prior debt has already been paid. So, even if we withdraw half of the debt, it would 
still be somewhere close to 4,000 to 5,000 crores of debt on the CAPEX. 
Harshit Gada: 
In FY 27? 
Manish Kiri: 
FY 27-28. FY26-27 will have very minimum debt, maybe less than a Rs. 1000 crores. 
Harshit Gada: 
Alright, understood. And what will be the working capital debt? 
Manish Kiri: 
The debt will keep increasing year-on-year. Working capital debt will not be there on FY 26-27, 
but yes on FY 27-28, working capital debt will also be availed and will be used 

 
Page 5 of 19 
Harshit Gada: 
Understood, sir. One of our peer company CEO said that the import dependency for copper 
products will be reduced this year or will mostly be over this year. So, what are your comments 
on that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, based on the current increasing requirements of copper in the country with increasing 
use of and the sale of EV vehicles, electric vehicles and also the increasing requirements for AI 
data centers, our assessment is that the country is going to remain, for copper processing, still 
import dependent, not to the extent we have been earlier, but till 2030 to 2035, irrespective 
of the increasing capacities and production facilities coming up in India, still we will continue 
to be import dependent. We would not be completely self-reliant before 2035. We would still 
continue to import. 
Harshit Gada: 
Okay, sir. Understood. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Suryanarayan Nayak from Sunidhi 
Securities and Finance Limited. Please go ahead. 
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
Yes, thank you on opportunities. So, just wanted to know that now we were telling that from 
the legacy business, we would not be taking a hit because all the legal expenses are behind. 
Still look at the last results the other expense is swelled so what is the reason for that which 
has led to the losses. 
Manish Kiri: 
I think that is what I have explained in my speech earlier. There were certain non-cash year-
end adjustments. So, the EBITDA for the year ended is 79 crores on a standalone basis and 127 
crores on the consolidated basis. 
So, operational performance has significantly improved. What you saw and what we had to 
account for was the year-end impact of certain adjustable items. Otherwise, operational 
performance has drastically improved. 
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
So, shall we mean that now going forward on the standalone business, the other expenses 
component will be significantly lower? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, it will not be there. It's only year-end adjustments. So, if you look at 778 crores of sales 
and 79 crores of adjusted EBITDA, which is 10% EBITDA in line with our earlier projections.  
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
Any guidance for the standalone business EBITDA margin? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think we would target somewhere between 10% to 15%. So, if we are at 12% during this year, 
we will be happy.  
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
Okay, 12%. And sir, in this year, we will be taking some thousand crores of debt, you said? And 
next year, term debt and working capital debt both put together will be 5000.  

 
Page 6 of 19 
Manish Kiri: 
Minimum 5000, it could be even more than that. So, it depends on how we are able to expedite 
and speedily execute the project as well as the commercial operations of the plants which are 
getting established. So, it could be even higher than that also. 
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
If that is the case, what would be the minimum or maximum, we can say, working capital debt 
out of 5000 crores plus debt in FY27-28? 
Manish Kiri: 
The 5000 debt what we are projecting is the CAPEX debt. It's only the debt which goes from 
the hard CAPEX. Working capital, which we would be able to withdraw, would also be around 
3000-4000, if not 5000 crores. 
So, you are looking at total debt increasing to 8000-9000 crores in 2027-28, not 26-27. So, not 
the coming financial year, the year after. That is the year in which the debt is going to be 
maximized. 
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
Okay. So, in that case, will you be seeking any kind of moratorium for that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, there would be moratorium, correct. So, debt serviceability is not going to be an issue, let 
me address your question. 
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
Debt serviceability will be from the day one, but the repayment of the principal will be starting 
from two years after the debt taken? 
Manish Kiri: 
Correct. Three years after the debt taken. 
Suryanarayan Nayak: 
So, three years moratorium is seeking. Okay. So, what kind of interest rate we can presume for 
5000 or 6000 crores of debt?  
Manish Kiri: 
8.5% to 9% in that condition. 8.5% to 9%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time and fairness to others, we request 
you to restrict to two questions per participant and rejoin the question queue. We take the 
next question from the line of Suresh Baramshetty from Baram Financials. Please go ahead. 
Suresh Baramshetty: 
Good morning, Sir Manish. . Sir, don't misunderstand. I am asking investors have been waiting 
for 10 years, so they deserve at least some returns. You are generating funds and doing well, 
but you must also remember your responsibility to take care of the investors who supported 
you. 
Manish Kiri: 
The promoters, the management team of the company, everyone is working hard to improve 
the performance of the company, which you have seen, operational performance of the Dyes 
Chemical business, as well as to transform the company to the new level. And we all strongly 
believe that that is what is going to create immense value for the shareholders. All the activities 

 
Page 7 of 19 
and all the progress that we are trying to achieve here and it's all for the benefit of the 
shareholders and to enhance the value of the shareholders. 
Suresh Baramshetty: 
Actually, before the conference call, you told after winning the case, you do some benefit in 
dividend or any buyback. Shareholders have received amounts, but shareholders are not 
creating any wealth after 10 years of case winning. You can consider my request. Shareholders 
are not creating wealth. You can understand. Don't misunderstand. 
Manish Kiri: 
I fully understand. And currently, the company is going through a significant growth execution 
phase right now. And that is why the board and the company decided to reserve and to keep 
the cash in the company to support the initiatives of growth that we have embarked upon. And 
it's a long-term commitment from the shareholders, as you rightly said, and long-term 
commitment from the promoters, long-term commitment for the management of the 
company as well to continue the journey after almost 10 years of no growth to a very high and 
significant vertical growth that we are trying to achieve in the next three to five years. So, I 
think that journey would create a lot more value. And based on the prudent use of cash for the 
growth of the company, that is what the board and the company has decided to focus on right 
now. Correct. So, that was mentioned in the last board meeting as well. And it was already 
conveyed in certain terms to the market and to the investors as well. 
So, we request you to please keep patience to see where the company is going in terms of 
performance. The objective of all of us is to give you results and give you performance. And as 
long as you see that performance it up to the market, then what value that everyone is able to 
give in terms of the capitalization of the company in the market. 
Suresh Baramshetty: 
Actually, investors are already waiting for 10 years. You can consider any dividend in this year. 
Manish Kiri: 
As conveyed earlier, we will further deliberate it during the course of the year. But this year, 
the dividend has not been declared and is not going to be declared. I would be certain and clear 
for that. o, that's the decision of the board and that has been already conveyed earlier as well. 
Suresh Baramshetty:    
Any buybacks?  
Manish Kiri:   
Well, there is no decision as of yet. During the course of the year, there could be further 
deliberation on various options that the company has on everything on the platform. But 
nothing has been decided yet to be conveyed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shivam Joshi from Motilal Oswal, 
Principal Investment. Please go ahead. 
Shivam Joshi: 
Sir, you mentioned in your opening comments that you took some expert opinion and the tax 
that you had to pay, the recognized tax provision that you have done is only one part of the 
concentration that you have received. Can you quantify if it is possible how much exactly is the 

 
Page 8 of 19 
tax provision and what is the net proceeds after taking care of the legal expenses and tax 
provision that we have accounted for? Thank you for the opportunity. 
Manish Kiri: 
The tax provision has reached to around Rs.160 crores, which has already been paid by the 
company. That was the initial assessment. However, based on the legal opinions that we have 
received, the award that the company has received is a judicial award, which is the judgment 
receipt. The judgment receipt is exempted from the taxes, and that is the stand that the 
company has taken on the larger portion of the receipt from the part. So, it is called awarded 
judgment receipt, judicial award as per the laws which can be excluded from the obligation of 
the taxes. So, I think based on that, Rs.150 crores has already been paid by the company till 
date 
Shivam Joshi: 
So, the net is only Rs.150 crores? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes. 
Shivam Joshi: 
Secondly, on your copper, I mean the entire copper integrated complex, if you can give me 
what will be the phase-wise CAPEX? I mean, what are you planning for the CAPEX in this year, 
next year? And I believe your plant will be operational by the end of next calendar year. 
 
Sorry, in calendar year 2028, that is what you have mentioned, even in your presentation. In 
the interim, what is your plan? I mean, till the time you start making primary copper and 
fertilizers, how will be the ramp-up in the interim? Or you will see the numbers only from next 
year for some guidance? And additionally, because of copper scenario globally, what is the 
current situation of your raw material tie-up, your concentrate tie-up? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, let me take one by one the questions that you have raised. Number one, from 2027 April 
onwards, you will see quarter-on-quarter, the facilities keep getting operated, getting in 
operations, and you will see the numbers start coming. So, from April 2027 onwards till March 
2028 and March 2029, over a period of two years, you will see first the secondary production 
line to be operational, and then the primary production line will be operational. So, both the 
lines will be commercially operational during these two years. And the capital investment this 
year, by end of March 2027, will be at least close to Rs.4,500 to Rs.5,000 crores. Again, in the 
next year, as per the current plan, will be almost equivalent, another Rs.5,000 crores. And then 
we have another Rs.2,000 to Rs.3,000 crores by March 2029. So, just to give you a high-level 
number, you can say Rs.5000 crores, Rs.5000 crores, Rs.2000 crores to Rs.3000 crores finally in 
March 2029. So, that is the overall investment to Rs.13,000 crores to be infused in. So, that's 
the first part. And the numbers you will start seeing from April 2027 onwards to the next 
financial year. So, that's the overall project. Now, when you talk about copper concentrate, as 
of today, we have for the primary line, our requirement is about 1.5 million tons. And we 
already have visibility of more than 1 million ton of copper concentrate tie-ups. 

 
Page 9 of 19 
So, we still have more than a year. And we are fully confident to have it completely organized 
up to 1.5 million tons by next year for sure. So, that is where we are on. But that is the most 
difficult part that the company has been working on. 
Shivam Joshi: 
So, just confirming, in the current year, FY26-27, there will not be any secondary transaction. 
The copper being integrated complex will not have any revenue accretion in this year? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, not in this year. Not in this year.   
Shivam Joshi: 
And what would be a rough expense run rate that you would have already started from an 
OPEX point of view in that division? Obviously, part of which will be capitalized, but what can 
hit P&L? Just trying to understand that. 
Manish Kiri: 
So, Indo Asia Copper Limited for FY26 has been capitalized. So, still, it's basically EBITDA neutral 
or PAT neutral, let me put it this way. And going forward also, this year, there will be some 
expenses, but not to a large extent, because a lot of investments would need to be capitalized 
in this year as well, because the commercial operations would not get established before 31st 
March 2027. So, FY27, you would not see any large number on the loss side. It may be some 
expense nature that could have limited negative earnings, but not much. It could be 
insignificant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Manoj Kumar Bura from 
Adinath Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
Good Morning Manish bhai, Yes, my question was regarding, can you throw some highlights 
on the government incentives which are receivable in both our units, Indo-Asia Copper as well 
as the fertilizer plant? Say, Interest Subsidy, GST Subsidy or GST Reimbursement, PF 
Reimbursement, and Electricity Duty, all those things are available under the government 
incentive schemes. Can you please give light? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, the company has already applied for all these incentives which Gujarat State has been 
providing as per the current industrial policy, the Atmanirbhar incentive schemes, and both the 
legal entities, Copper as well as Fertilizer, have been in the process of receiving the final 
confirmation and the approval from the state government. But we would receive roughly 30, 
somewhere between 30 to 35% of eligible CAPEX over a period of 10 years, right? And in 
absolute number, would be in the range of Rs.3,000 crores to Rs.3,500 crores to be received 
yearly within a period of 10 years from the date of commercial and operation beginning for 
both the plants. So, that is the rough estimate which the company would get. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
My second question was regarding this revenue guidance of the current business, that is our 
dyes business. And further, you elaborated in one of the last call calls that we will start some 
trading in Copper and we have to familiarize with the process and to establish the network. 
What is the status on that? 

 
Page 10 of 19 
Manish Kiri: 
So, just to address your second question first, the trading has not been commenced yet. We 
have not been in the process of commencing trading soon as well. Even though we have 
contemplated several possibilities, we explored several opportunities in the past. But to avoid 
any market risk, and we are glad that we didn't start trading two, three, four months ago. So, 
we haven't done that yet. But during the course of the year, we will have few opportunities 
which is secured for profiting for the company. When we see that, we will do so. And the 
company would start trading fertilizers during this year, this financial year. So, fertilizer 
distribution would start probably from next quarter onwards within this year as well for the 
trading part of the company. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
In the current liability in the balancing side, I see a huge figure of Rs.332 crores trade payable 
on a purchase of around 80 which is almost six months of purchase. Why we are paying very 
late to our creditors? 
Manish Kiri: 
The average credit paying cycle is 90 to 120 days. But sometimes it gets extended because we 
also get paid late from the customers as well. So, it is all linked with each other. So, sometimes 
almost for dyes and chemical business, more than 95% of customers are textile customers 
which are in textile sector. And you might have observed in the market that the payables from 
textile units have been getting extended. And that is the reason that our linked payable from 
our side to the vendors also get linked and extended to the extent. So, that's passed through. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
That increases our costs, sir. Don't you think so? If we buy our creditors, we have the money. 
If we can pay our creditors, we can get a substantial discount in our purchases. 
Manish Kiri: 
Well, it depends on both the sides. So, if we keep infusing more and more working capital in 
existing business, those purchases again are linked with the sales in terms of how much we 
charge to the customers as well. So, when we purchase a little more, we sell also a little more 
pricing. 
But if we keep infusing more working capital, whether that more funds and more working 
capital would attract and would be able to earn enough returns or not, that is the question, 
right? If it is not going to earn the discount significant enough to have an incremental return, 
then why do that? Correct? 
So, that is where we continuously keep measuring, Right. If I am getting 3% discount and I need 
to invest Rs.100 crore on the working capital, we rather not do it. If we are getting 10% 
discount, okay, no problem. 
Tomorrow morning, we will infuse Rs.100 crore. So, we are trying to be conservative here. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
Sir, is there any guidance you have not given for the current year for the dyes business? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, the target is to cross Rs.1000 crore. So, we are expecting (+20%) growth this year. So, 
hopefully, we will cross Rs.1000 crore in this financial year. On a standalone basis. And the joint 

 
Page 11 of 19 
venture is also expected to cross Rs.1300 crore, which has already done Rs.1100 crore this year. 
So, that is how the revenue should look like in 2026-2027. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
Any proposal to take over Lonsen kiri? Yes, this is my question. Yes. No discussion yet. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, nothing yet. It is operating. 
Manoj Kumar Bura: 
Thank you, Manish. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sandeep Raj from Oculus Capital Growth Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Raj: 
Good morning, Sir, I just wanted to check, what is the update of the MCB Mine regarding the 
Celsius arrangement that we had? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. So, as we announced earlier, the company has already entered by financing and by 
making arrangements of taking over certain loans pertaining in Philippines at MMCI. And we 
are in the process of negotiating offtake agreement right now. So, the entry of the company 
has already taken place. We are now involved with MMCI and our objective is to conclude the 
offtake agreement as soon as possible. 
Sandeep Raj: 
Okay. So, nothing, the percentage is not yet finalized, how much you are going to take? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, nothing, not finalized. So, we want to first ensure that we lock in the offtake. That's the 
sole purpose. I hope I am clear on that. 
Sandeep Raj: 
Yes, absolutely. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shivang Joshi from Motilal Oswal 
Principal Investments. Please go ahead. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Thank you Manish Ji. 
Manish Kiri: 
Welcome back. 
Shivang Joshi:  
I know you have mentioned a couple of times, the closing period measurement transaction 
that you have recorded for quarter impact of 114 crores. What exactly is the nature, sir? Here 
you go, rolling main, and whether any, every quarter end or year end, this will be a repeat 
phenomena? What exactly are these non-cash, sir? 
Manish Kiri: 
No, these are non-cash items, which are mark to mark related. Right. And they would not be 
coming in closing every year or every quarter. 

 
Page 12 of 19 
Shivang Joshi: 
Mark to market investments are these FOREX hedging transactions or any some nature here 
because the amount is pretty large in context to your overall. 
Manish Kiri: 
It relates to the temporary, you know, parking of the funds that the company has, which are 
significantly larger, you know. Obviously. Yes. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Okay. So, we are just trying to understand the funds that you park temporarily. They are parked 
in debt instruments, equity instruments, within India, outside India. 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, they are all within India and they are within India and they are all parked in various 
instruments, which includes debt, which includes equity, hybrid, you know, depending on the, 
financial instruments that, that we have taken. But, but we just, we just nothing which relates 
to the operations. Correct. So, that's all relates to the investment activities temporarily that we 
have, that we have done.  
Shivang Joshi: 
Ok, my other question though was on trading, which I think you clarified that you will not do 
any copper trading per se in, during the year and only fertilizer will be commenced. Correct. 
So, this will be branded under Kiri or Indo-Asia Copper? 
Manish Kiri: 
It would be branded under Indo-Asia Fertilizer. So, the approvals have taken place. All the 
licenses have been received. Arrangements have been made at the port. So, we will be buying 
bulk and then bagging it and distributing it. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Okay. And how good is how would your distribution team? I mean, if you can give some color 
on how is the team setting up both on your copper and fertilizer? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. So, on both the sides, we are trying to now increase in our management team month-
on-month basis. So, in all, in all categories of the requirements for all the business areas, we 
are recruiting both senior as well as junior level. And the distribution, sales and marketing, and 
the individuals, the commercial head, you know, the chief commercial officer is joining. Chief 
operational officer has already joined. And few other key management people are also joining 
in the next few months. 
So, team is heavily strengthening. And see, let me divide our management team into two parts. 
One which leads to project and project execution. 
And the other which would be involving operations. Right. So, the team which would be 
involved in operations, even post completion of the commercial date, those operational 
individuals are also being taken on board gradually one by one. 
But the project team are not being increased to an extent, because the way we have worked 
out is given a large part of responsibility to TCE, Tata Consultancy Engineers, Correct, and over 
a period of time, TCE is going to deploy a large number of project team members from their 
side. Correct. 

 
Page 13 of 19 
So, then the company doesn't need to employ 200, 300, 400 project people, and then relieve 
them after the project is completed. We don't want to do that. Correct. 
So, we have then relied more on Tata to strengthen, and they have done fantastic job till now. 
And they keep strengthening, deploying more and more team members on the project side. 
Shivang Joshi: 
Okay. So, on the project side. I think I missed one. I mean, I had a patchy line Someone did ask 
this question. How much is the incentive? I mean, you are eligible for PLI or any other kind of 
incentives for the rural complex? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, Yes So, the copper and fertilizer both are qualified for large scale industries, large scale 
sector, which the incentive policies of the Government of Gujarat is providing a general policy, 
a standard policy, in which we will get almost 30, between 30 to 35% of our CAPEX back over 
a period of 10 years. 
So, the expected the expected amount over a period of 10 years could be in the range of 3,000 
to 3,500 crore.  
Shivang Joshi: 
And you got the approval or the letters from all the relevant authorities already? 
Manish Kiri: 
It is already in process right now. And it is in the final stage of approval. We may expect it 
anytime. Copper tube plant, copper tube facility has been qualified in PLI. That is in addition to 
that. 
Moderator: 
Hello. Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aniket Gada, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Gada: 
Good morning, Manish bhai. Yes, I just wanted to ask, could you provide me the overall or 
physical completion percentage of the copper and fertilizer project separately? And what 
percentage of the total cost has already been spent? We already have a CAPEX of 5,000 crores 
this year and 5,000 crores next year. So, what is actually spent right now? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, two and a half thousand is already mean, as we speak right now, in various forms, advances, 
machinery, and further is getting infused as we speak. So, the guidance which I have given, 
those are the numbers which will happen over a period of three years, FY27, FY28, and FY29, 
which I said earlier. So, that is the CAPEX which will be incurred. The operations of the plant 
will take place unit by unit. It will start becoming operational downstream first, from April 2027 
onwards, and then going upstream on refinery, then furnaces, the smelter, and the fertilizer. 
So, by that time, everything would be operational. It would be two years from April 2027 to 
31st March 2029. So, you will see phase-wise commercial operations getting established, phase-
wise revenue getting started, phase-wise you will see numbers coming. 
Aniket Gada: 
So, how much of the civil construction has already been completed in percentage terms, if you 
could just let me know? 

 
Page 14 of 19 
Manish Kiri: 
The civil construction for the entire site, including all the units, would be till now close to 25% 
to 30%. 
Aniket Gada: 
Got it. And so, you just said we have 1 million of visibility on the copper concentrate. So, is it 
already covered through agreements? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, this is already through the non-binding agreements. Correct. 
Aniket Gada: 
And rock phosphate included in that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, rock phosphate is additional. This is only copper concentrate. 
Aniket Gada: 
And do you have agreements for that? 
Manish Kiri: 
Rock phosphate is fully tied up, 100% secure. 
Aniket Gada: 
Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Swaroop, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Swaroop: 
My first question is with respect to recent judgment finance you had taken. During the span of 
five quarters, we have paid almost 300 crores as interest on a 1,100 crore loan. 
Swaroop: 
So, the rate of interest approximately comes to around 22% plus. So, despite having the facility 
of withdrawing in times, why did we take it in one go? 
Manish Kiri: 
 Sorry, I couldn't understand. Can you repeat what exactly you are talking about? 
Swaroop: 
The interest on judgment finance on 1,100 crores, you had paid almost 60 crores per quarter 
as interest. So, on a five-quarter form in the period of October 2024, we took the loan. 
Manish Kiri: 
So, the loan was taken in dollars, if you remember. Correct. And this payment includes the – 
because the entire loan was paid at a one shot, at a one go. Right. It was not paid back in 
phases. It was one payment. 
But by the time, till December, I mean, till end of 2024, till January 2026, rupee depreciated. 
Right. So, the effect which you see also includes the effect of foreign exchange costs. 
I mean, in terms of rupee that we had to incur to pay, to make the repayment in US dollars. So, 
it includes the foreign exchange effect in the payment 
Yes. So, 300 and something crores that you are seeing has two components. One is the interest 
factor, which was computed in dollar terms, and then the dollar difference. 

 
Page 15 of 19 
Similarly, when we received dollar, we also received more rupee when it was converted into 
rupee. 
Swaroop: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. But the second question is on the recycling facilities. So, you are 
starting. All of a sudden, you are starting with 1.5 lakh capacity. So, when a giant like Hindalco 
is setting up only 50,000 capacity and others are coming up recently, significant capacities are 
being coming up. So, do you have any thoughts on the raw material procurement? 
Manish Kiri: 
I think what we have been seeing is a lot more, lot more scrap is coming in the country and also 
getting generated within the country. That is one area. Correct? 
And secondary furnaces not only accept the scrap, but also ingots, blisters, and those kinds of 
actually copper semi-finished products. Correct? Now, the reason you see this capacity is 
coming because in global market, there are availabilities of ingots and blisters. 
As certain countries which were earlier exporting copper concentrate, they banned exporting 
copper ore and copper concentrate. So, then in Africa, in Indonesia, they are getting converted 
into semi-finished, you know, copper products and that can also be fed into the secondary 
lines. Right? So, that is why the secondary line is increasing install capacities, which you are 
seeing. 
Aniket Gada: 
One last question, sir 13,300 crores, does that include interest component or not, sir, during 
the moratorium period? 
Manish Kiri: 
It does include interest during moratorium. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, we take the next question from the line of Ajay, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajay: 
So, my question is that, what about the funds you have received? So, where you have deployed 
all these funds right now in the form of FD or Debt? 
Manish Kiri: 
They are in the form of various instruments, diversified instruments in debt, fixed deposit, 
equity, certain mutual funds. So, it's in a lot of things. And the average return is more than 10%. 
Okay. 
Ajay: 
So, basically, whenever we require this fund, so we are deploying this fund in this new project, 
right? 
Manish Kiri: 
Yes, Yes, So, whenever we need, we can withdraw within three days' notice.  
Ajay: 
Okay. And the thing is that whatever the interest you are generating for the period, so can you 
able to provide that in the form of dividend to the investor where already you have marked 

 
Page 16 of 19 
that fund to be utilized in the project? So, you have already considered that interest to be also 
deployed as a project funding? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, right now, based on the current covenants and based on the financial commitments that 
we have for the next two years, whatever additional funds that the company is going to 
generate are going to be there in the reserve, which could then be used as a margin for working 
capital facilities. Because working capital facility margins would also be ranging close to 1,500 
to 2,000 crores, which the company has to provide, right? So, currently, till any of our phases 
become operational, right, and the cash flow to the company starts generating, right, The 
decision from the board and the company is to be a little conservative and try to ensure that 
we fully succeed and don't face any lack of funds in the next two to three years. But of course, 
once any of the first phase or second phase start operational, cash generating takes place, extra 
cash remains in the company, you know, we will definitely consider your request as well. 
Ajay: 
And one more question, what do you expect for the main line of business? 
Manish Kiri: 
It's already a EBITDA positive as on 31st March.  
Ajay: 
But Q4 itself shows that it is EBITDA minus 88 crores. 
Manish Kiri: 
So, this is the third time I am explaining in this call. I already explained two times earlier. Now, 
I will explain again the third time. The EBITDA was positive. The entire year EBITDA was 69 
crores. Consolidated EBITDA was 127 crores. I also explained the kind of year-end adjustments 
that we had to make. I also explained what those adjustments were pertaining to. Once you 
take that out, which are not operational item, non-cash item, when you put that, you know, 
the operational numbers are 69 crores of EBITDA out of 778 crores sales and 127 crores of 
consolidated EBITDA. Lonsen Kiri JV generated 1100 crores of sales. These are the numbers. 
Ajay: 
What is the net profit you are generating for the main line of business? That fund also is 
deployed for the new project, right? 
Manish Kiri: 
Right. So, what I have said is all from the main line of the project. There is nothing from copper, 
fertilizer, anything else. Whatever I just mentioned is from the main line of the business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ankit Singhal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Singhal: 
What is the status of financial closures? First question is this and then second is, since you will 
be taking so much of debt, will you be able to service the interest or like this interest has to 
wait from the first year itself or from, you know, after three years, as you said earlier? 
Manish Kiri: 
Correct. So, it would be a moratorium of three years. So, no need to pay from the earlier. 
Financial closure has not been taken place yet, but we are pretty near to that. So, once 

 
Page 17 of 19 
everything, all the documents are executed, we will disclose the financial closure in the next 
few months. 
Ankit Singhal: 
Okay. One more question. Since you are doing so much of CAPEX, why don't we acquire 
companies? Why don't we do the inorganic growth? I know there are companies who are 
transforming, who are just selling all their old businesses and then they are acquiring new 
businesses. They are going into data center or maybe for say, defense and aerospace. They 
already started reaping profits and even the market has started rerating them. So, they are like 
four times now. I can just name them also. The company name is like Megasoft. They now sold 
their IT business and acquired aerospace and defense. Now, they are like four times from 52 
weeks low. Why don't we do such things? Why don't we acquire businesses? Or even if you 
want to get into copper business, why don't we start at a smaller level? Why are we so 
interested to take so much of debt? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, let me just explain to you. The fields which we have chosen, the investments which we are 
making in the greenfield projects, right, these CAPEX, this kind of facilities are global size 
facilities, number one. So, wherever new smelter or wherever new copper production is set 
up, now with economy of scale which has been there established, they are in the kind of a 
modular approach of 500,000 and copper each, right. So, it has become a benchmark whoever 
wants to enter here. Number two, there are no such companies either in copper or fertilizer 
which are up for sale in India at least. So, that limits us from the acquisition opportunity. Now, 
our focus is on something which we have already embarked upon and we are right now 
proceeding. But at the same time, on a smaller size, we keep looking at the acquisition 
opportunities, correct. We keep evaluating them. We have a separate team which looks at the 
M&A availability in the market as well in various chemical areas and other areas. If any such 
good opportunity comes and company decides to do it, we will be pleased to go and to do such 
acquisitions. So, please be assured. We are working on this kind of opportunities available in 
the market as well. 
Ankit Singhal: 
Sir, at least we can do CAPEX with the capital that we have right now. So, the concern is the 
Adani, they already are into copper but then they are not able to generate that much of copper 
because of the concentrate quality or maybe the concentrate is not available, what they 
require. So, that's what I am saying. Even if after 3 years, you will have to pay the interest. In 
that case, if you are not able to generate the copper output, if you are not able to sell that 
much, how will you survive? So, in that case, can we start at a small level with the capital that 
we already have from the DyStar? 
Manish Kiri: 
So, here for the copper sector, there is nothing like a small level. Yes. And that is why you have 
seen, we are taking 2 years' time, from April 2027 to 31st March 2029 to have step-by-step our 
various units getting established, stabilized and become operational. 
So, with that in mind, this time which we have just provided to you, it is what internally we 
have decided to ensure that we have a total output. Now, as far as copper concentrate is 

 
Page 18 of 19 
concerned, today, 5 years from now, even 10 years from now, it is going to remain a challenge. 
As a country, it is going to remain a challenge. 
As a critical metal required for the country, it is going to remain a challenge because we are 
dependent on import, right? And the mining has not been increasing with the speed at which 
the demand of copper has been increasing, including AI, including electric vehicles, renewable 
energy. Look at the global requirements increasing sharply and mining has not gone and 
increased to the extent it has been required. 
So, because of that, we have to do processing in India. We have to serve the requirement of 
the country. We have to build those facilities here and try to secure, go upstream and secure 
those sources. 
Now, if we are not in processing, then we would not attempt to even secure those sources. But 
securing those sources, reliable sources, good quality sources, to have, you know, long-term 
connectivity with mining, that is the need for the country as well. It has to be done by Whether 
Adani does it or other players do it. We do it. But if we want to have this kind of requirement 
of copper with the emerging sectors in the country, we ourselves need to go and secure these 
natural resources anyhow, whether it is difficult or whether it is easy. 
So, we are going to do the difficult job. We are going to succeed in that. We are confident that 
we will be able to secure what the plant needs by 2027. 
Ankit Singhal: 
Sir, one last question. I understand you are really confident, but any backup plan, like if in case 
if the plant does not work well or after all, you know, the plant is operational and you are not 
able to generate that much of copper and or you are not able to sell that much of copper. So, 
any plan to service the interest part at least? Because ultimately, you will be having EBITDA 
negative. 
Manish Kiri: 
The backup plan is already there. OK. The sales is not a challenge, let me put it this way. Right. 
And if it doesn't happen, even if the plant operations remain below 50%, still we would be able 
to service the interest and service the debt. 
Ankit Singhal: 
That helps. 
Manish Kiri: 
But we have to touch 50%. Right. If I operate 30%, we cannot service the debt. So, that needs 
to be done So, in that case, there is a problem. Then there is no solution. Then we all have to 
face the same problem if it happens. 
Ankit Singhal: 
In that case, we can go at least low or at a small level. . Rather, we concentrate on copper than, 
you know, fertilizer and all other sectors.   
Manish Kiri: 
All these options, we will see when the time comes. Thank you. 

 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer session. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Manish Kiri: 
Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Conference Call. I hope we were able to answer 
your questions satisfactorily and at the same time offer insights into our business. If you have 
any further questions or would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our 
investor relations managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you and wishing you all a great day 
ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Kiri Industries Ltd, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
