 
 
18 May 2026 
  
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam: 
 
Subject:  Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 15 May 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with all investors on Friday, 15 May 2026 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss 
the financial results for the for the quarter and year ended 31 March 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Sincerely 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 2026.05.18 
09:19:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
15 May 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAJIV GANDHI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MS. PRIYA GANDHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – HESTER 
BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH DESAI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
HESTER BIOSCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DARSHIL JAIN – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Hester Biosciences Q4 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal a Moderator: by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Darshil Jain from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Darshil Jain: 
Thank you, Swapnali. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, 
I welcome you all on Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Hester 
Biosciences Limited, and I thank the Hester Biosciences management team for 
giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
Today on this call, we have with us Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, CEO and Managing 
Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi, Executive Director; and Mr. Ashish Desai, Chief 
Financial Officer. I will now hand over the call to the Hester management team 
for their opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Priya Gandhi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This is Priya Gandhi. Thank you for joining us today 
to discuss Hester Biosciences Q4 and FY26 results. As always, we appreciate 
your continued engagement and long-term support as we continue building 
Hester with a clear focus on science, operational discipline and long-term value 
creation.  
The past year has been an important phase of consolidation, operational 
strengthening and capacity building for the company. While parts of business 
continue to face timing-related tender delays and uneven market conditions, 
FY26 reflects visible improvement in execution, profitability and strategic 
positioning across several areas of the organization. 
On a stand-alone basis, the revenue for Q4 grew by 22%, while PAT increased 
by 174%. While standalone revenue remained flat for the entire financial year, 
the profitability improved significantly with the PAT up by 64%. At the 
consolidated level, revenue grew by 22% in Q4 and 7% in the full year, while 
PAT increased substantially in Q4 and for the full year, almost by 100% in the 
full year. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
While profitability during the year also benefited from exceptional financial 
income, about which I will be mentioning, the overall improvement was 
supported by stronger execution in the Poultry Healthcare business, favorable 
product mix and continued operational discipline. 
Coming on to our Poultry Healthcare division. The Poultry Healthcare division 
delivered a strong performance during the year, growing by 41% in Q4 and 
21% for the entire financial year. Growth was supported by deeper market 
penetration, expanded placements, stronger field execution and sustained 
demand of our vaccine portfolio. 
During the quarter, we also received both the marketing and manufacturing 
licenses for H9N2 Avian Influenza vaccine. This is an important milestone for 
Hester and further strengthens our biological portfolio in the poultry segment. 
The H9N2 opportunity in India is expected to be largely driven by the private 
commercial poultry market, where biosecurity and disease preparedness 
continue to remain key priorities. Export opportunities will evolve differently 
across countries depending on disease management approach and regulatory 
pathway. 
In parallel, our technical teams have also developed an integrated Avian 
influenza management approach, covering vaccination, farm hygiene, bird 
immunity and environmental management solutions. The objective here is to 
create a major holistic outcome-oriented engagement model for farmers rather 
than doing disease management through a single specific product approach. 
We have also introduced complementary health products focused on gut health 
to improve bird immunity and farm hygiene as a part of a broader disease 
management approach. This includes probiotics, disinfectant solutions aimed 
at supporting better post-vaccination outcomes and disease control at the farm 
level. 
Along with this, we continue to invest our efforts in R&D and portfolio 
enhancement initiatives across vaccines and health products in line with 
evolving field requirements and market opportunities. 
Coming on to the Animal Healthcare division. The Animal Healthcare division 
continued to face delays in the tender-led immunization programs in the year. 
However, it is important for me to reiterate that these were simply timing-
related challenges and no issues in the demand. During Q4, execution under 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
the National PPR immunization program did improve, and we have supplied 
6.3 crore doses in Q4 for PPR. 
The overall Animal Healthcare performance for FY26, however, continued to 
reflect the impact of delayed tender program execution during the earlier part 
of the year. The Petcare segment continues to scale gradually across selected 
therapeutic and supplement products and remains a long-term strategic focus 
area for us. 
Coming on to the international operations. During the year, Hester continued 
to participate in the GALVmed-led VITAL 2 program, which stands for 
Veterinary Innovations transforming animal health and livelihoods focused on 
vaccine awareness, adoption and livestock health improvement initiatives 
across the continent of Africa. 
Our Africa strategy continues to evolve towards a more structured and 
selective execution with stronger focus on registration, market development 
as well as R&D. We expanded registrations across the key African markets 
during the year and strengthened our on-ground presence through our 
country-level teams. 
Animal Healthcare continues to remain an important area of focus across the 
African continent, given its direct linkage to food security and livelihood. While 
parts of the region witnessed temporary political and election-related 
disturbances during the year, our long-term engagement across the continent 
remains active. 
The PPR eradication program in Africa continue to remain our long-term 
initiatives. While demand visibility remains strong, execution time lines 
continue to depend on country-level rollout schedules. During the year, we 
also undertook a partial divestment of our stake in Texas Lifesciences as a part 
of our -- of a broader capital allocation and strategic focus exercise. 
The exceptional item referred to earlier was related to this particular 
transaction. Going forward, our priority remains centered on strengthening and 
scaling our core biologicals and vaccine business, where we believe long-term 
opportunities and synergies are significantly stronger.  
With respect to Nepal operations, we continue to closely monitor the business 
environment and remain focused on strengthening operational stability and 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
long-term sustainability. Coming on to capacity expansion and manufacturing 
plant in India. 
During the year, we capitalized our Fill-Finish as well as BSL-3 facilities, as a 
part of our broader manufacturing and infrastructure expansion initiative. The 
Fill-Finish facility significantly enhances our drug product capacity and provides 
flexibility for future scale-up across domestic and export markets. 
With respect to BSL-3, we are also undertaking optimization initiatives aligned 
with our current operational and scale-up requirements with focus on 
improving utilization efficiency and operating cost over the long-term. As we 
move into financial year '27, our focus remains centered on disciplined growth, 
operational efficiency and strengthening long-term business resilience. 
Our strategic priorities remain clear: strengthening biologicals portfolio across 
poultry and health care, which is our strength, expanding market penetration 
across domestic and export markets, improving product mix and capacity 
utilization, continuing focus on operational discipline and working capital 
management, 
expanding 
scientific 
engagement 
and 
field 
execution 
capabilities. 
At the same time, we remain mindful of external risks, including the volatility 
in tender business timing and increasing raw material costs linked to the global 
geopolitical developments and supply chain disruptions happening currently. 
While these may create periodic cost pressures, we continue to focus on 
operational efficiency and calibrate price actions wherever required.  
Overall, FY26 has been an important year of strengthening the foundation of 
the business. While several of the initiatives that we are working on are long 
cycle in nature, we believe the operational groundwork capacity expansion and 
strategic direction established over the past few quarters position Hester more 
strongly for the years ahead. Thank you once again for your continued trust 
and support, and we now look forward to taking questions. 
Moderator: 
We will take the first question from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Zen Nivesh. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is related to our 
African business. So I recently read a news article, which talks about Tanzania 
launches major livestock vaccination drive to protect rural livelihoods. 
 
 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
And it talks about the 5-year drive, which aims to curb zoonotic and 
transboundary diseases, including anthrax, FMD and Rift Valley fever. I think 
it would be great if you could throw more light in terms of how big that 
opportunity is for us? And how is the competition space in Africa, while we 
prepare for this opportunity? That is my first question. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. This is Rajiv Gandhi here. One is that Hester Africa is already participating 
in the vaccine requirement for Tanzania, where our plant is incidentally. We 
are in touch with the government department regarding the vaccines, which 
we are already producing. We are aware of their need for some of the vaccines, 
which we may - which would be in our pipeline. Some may not be in the 
pipeline. But yes, we are in touch with the government, and we are working 
towards it. 
Development and commercialization of vaccines does take a little time. 
Therefore, at the moment, we have already launched the focus vaccines, have 
already started supplying to the government those vaccines and all the names 
that you have mentioned, we are in discussions with them. And FMD is 
something which at the moment, we are yet discussing, but we have - at the 
moment, our priority is all other vaccines. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Right, sir. Sir, any - you didn't touch upon the competition. Are there other 
players who are also competing with us for all this, which you have just 
highlighted? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Three or four private animal vaccine producers in the continent of Africa, and 
we are one of them. Most of the governments do have their small state-owned 
vaccine manufacturing units. Most of the vaccines are imported at the moment. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
That was very helpful, sir. My second question is related to - I hope I'm 
audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you're audible. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Okay. So sir, my second question is probably it's a very naive question. 
Whatever vaccines we sell in Africa, do we sell in USD or do we sell in the local 
currency over there? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
USD. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Even to marginal farmers or farmer groups and all there? 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Invoicing to the other countries in U.S. dollars and for the local, it is a local 
currency. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
For local, it will be local currency? Okay. 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
And what would be the breakup between local and other country? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I think we are getting too deep into these questions, breakup and etc. We are 
serving the continent. We have distributors in different countries. We are 
supplying to many countries besides Tanzania. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investments. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, firstly, many congratulations for the great numbers and all-time high 
dividend also. Sir, and it's very heartening to see that we have, I guess, done 
the highest ever poultry quarterly revenue and the EBITDA margin also in at 
least this segment seems to have reached our previous levels. 
Sir, so now only concern is that whether this is a one-off considering high 
broiler prices in the fourth quarter? Or sir, you see this trend continuing of INR 
65 crores quarterly revenue in the poultry segment with like 30s margins? 
Priya Gandhi: 
I mean it is our endeavor to continue. And as mentioned, I think this year has 
been very - we've been very focused on our bottom line. So, yes, product mix 
and division-wise, poultry has contributed in the bottom line. But there are 
many other factors which we would like to retain. And we hope to continue 
this trend. 
Yes, there are many external forces, which, I mean, it will be very hard for us 
to really particularly name or really sort of predict anything, but the point is 
that this is a base, and we want to sustain this. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Also, we have some write-offs of around INR 6.5 crores on account of bad 
debts, etcetera. So I mean and last year also, we had INR 2.4 crores. So I 
mean, it's a significant amount. So any comments on that? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, I request our CFO to answer. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Ashish Desai: 
See, this is Ashish. Now one is mainly there is again the provision of debtors 
as required, and there are a few old debts, which were non-recovered, which 
are identified and written off. So it comprises of that. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Understood. So going forward, can we expect this to reduce? 
Ashish Desai: 
It is, yes, definitely. It may not be so alarming figure. But of course, it depends. 
But yes, we - our focus will be there to reduce. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, and also the balance sheet has delevered to quite a good extent despite 
the commissioning of the new facility. So firstly, that facility that has been 
commissioned in the last quarter. So have we been able to ramp up the 
utilization of that? And also our receivables of INR 92 crores on revenue of less 
than INR 300 crores seems to be quite high. So any plans to reduce the 
working capital? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Can you please repeat the question? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Madam, our receivable seems to be quite high. And secondly, the new recently 
commissioned, I guess, BS-4 facility or something like that, which we got into 
during COVID, that has been commissioned. So have we started ramping it 
up? Or is it still not being used? 
Ashish Desai: 
On the receivable front, see, we are working on this. However, in the last 
quarter - Q, the sales was about more than 33% only in the last Q4. So the 
number has relatively jumped from the earlier Q - the quarter number. And we 
are working on that to reduce the receivables overall, the number of days. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And also, what is the intangible asset under development of INR 9.3 crores? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, Mr. Ashish will look that up. And with respect to the BSL-3 infrastructure, 
as mentioned earlier in my talk, we are undertaking certain optimization 
initiatives. They have to be in alignment with our current operational needs 
and our current scale-up requirements. But yes, we are mindful of wanting to 
fully utilize it, and we are in process of doing that. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And also what's the net debt as of 31st March? 
Priya Gandhi: 
We are just referring to numbers. Just give us a minute. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Meanwhile, madam - hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you may proceed. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes. So madam, our Animal Health revenue fell year-on-year by 30%. Of 
course, it is based on tenders. So madam, going forward, what's the outlook 
for FY27 on the Animal Healthcare side? And also, if you could give us an 
overview about our subsidiaries, whether are they expected to breakeven in 
FY27? 
Priya Gandhi: 
Okay. Speaking of the Animal Healthcare division, yes, your concern is valid, 
and I had mentioned it in the previous quarters that the tender-related delays 
that were happening, the planning that we also had from the tender rollouts 
to happen from Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 sort of didn't really go through. 
And there are many various reasons for it, reasons which are not even in our 
control. However, having said that, from Q4, it did start to pick up. And these 
things sometimes they're not in our hands. And speaking of the nontender 
business also, we are focusing on more market penetration and improving our 
presence in the market. So yes, this year has been a little bit -- hasn't gone as 
per plan with Animal Health, but we are going to recover it from this quarter 
onwards. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Madam, my last question is that now we have an increasing base of pets in 
the country. So and I understand they are being vaccinated. So what is our 
share in the pet vaccinations? 
Priya Gandhi: 
At the moment, none because we don't really have any commercialized 
vaccines in the Pet division at the moment. 
Moderator: 
We have the next follow-up question from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Zen 
Nivesh. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sir and Madam, I think what I can see over the long-term, the debt has 
consistently reduced over the last 2, 3 years and as we are positioned in terms 
of our capacity, which is quite decent compared to what kind of ramp-up we 
are expecting in the next 2, 3 years. 
So is it fair to assume that we will experience some operating leverage going 
forward if the demand continues in the similar fashion because we have done 
a lot of - we have taken a lot of cost optimization exercise also in the last year, 
and our debt has also come down. And assuming that we don't need any fresh 
debt because we don't need any further capacity expansion. So is it fair to 
assume? Or am I wrong in saying this? 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
I think - I mean, yes, we have installed a lot of capacity and invested quite a 
bit. We also have to keep in mind that there are advancing and changing - 
evolving regulatory requirements that keep coming year-on-year and also new 
technologies that keep coming, which we want to adopt.  
So keeping those things in mind, there cannot be a definitive answer whether 
we will be allocating any more capital or this is it. But for the moment, yes, we 
have installed quite a bit of capex, and we aim to optimize the utilization. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Yes. Ma'am, can you just throw a little more light on what kind of regulatory 
thing which you are talking about? How does it impact our capex? If you can 
give some hypothetical example? 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
There cannot - there is no hypothetical example. Regulatory processes are 
time and again evolved from the drug department and one has to comply. And 
it is an evolving process all over the world. So it is difficult to hypothesize and 
tell what could come from the drug department. So as there is progress in 
economies, everybody tries to aim for perfection. 
So more and more stringent rules come up, more -- and the word stringent is 
because we have to change. Otherwise, probably it is the path forward. So it's 
even a welcome step. But yes, changes keep on coming, and one cannot 
exactly foresee what will be the investment required to overcome that. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Darshil Jain from ICICI 
Securities. 
Darshil Jain: 
Sir, so our revenue mix for FY26 was 70-30 in the favor of Poultry Healthcare. 
And now that Animal Healthcare - hello, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you're audible. 
Darshil Jain: 
Yes. And now that we expect a pickup in Animal Healthcare business going 
forward. So what can we assume as a steady-state revenue mix among the 2 
segments? 
Priya Gandhi: 
There has been a time, I think, 2 years ago where both were almost 50%, 
50%, and that is what we are aiming at where we are not hyper-dependent 
on any one division. Yes - but there are many other external factors that also 
play in. 

 
 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
15 May 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
 
Speaking of last year, yes, the ratio is sort of skewed a little bit more towards 
poultry. But moving forward, even if we talk about our R&D pipeline, etcetera, 
we have more focus on the Animal Health division and biologicals in Animal 
Health. So in the coming times, we do see that division also picking up as well. 
Darshil Jain: 
Okay. And just one question regarding net debt. So at what number of - at 
what ratio of net debt to equity would be comfortable at going forward? 
Ashish Desai: 
Currently, sir, the debt is around INR70 crores, right? It's reduced from INR102 
crores, okay? So I think this is - the debt to equity is currently 0.19 times from 
what it has reduced. So I think this is quite comfortable for us at this level. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants, 
I now hand the conference back to the management for the closing comments. 
Thank you. 
Priya Gandhi: 
So yes, so thank you, everyone, for joining and hearing us out. I hope that we 
have answered your questions. If there are any other questions, we would be 
happy to take it offline. As mentioned, the last year, we were working very 
hard on strengthening the foundation of our business, and that pretty much 
has sort of reflected in terms of how the bottom line performance is showing. 
And yes, as mentioned earlier, quite a few of the initiatives that we embarked 
on are a little bit long-term and long cycle in nature. And I'm pretty confident 
that it will show us even better results in the times to come. And just thankful 
for all the support and trust from everyone. That's it. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we 
conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
---------- X ---------- 
