 
 
 
 
 SECY/GRSE/BD-69/AM/04/25-26 
 
 
 
                19 May 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: GRSE 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 542011 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors/Analyst Conference Call for Q4 & FY 26 of GRSE – 
Reg 30 
 
1. 
Further to our Intimation Letter No. SECY/GRSE/BD-69/AM/04(R)/25-26 dated                      
07 May 2026, we wish to inform that Conference Call was held on Tuesday, 12th May 
2026 at 03:30 P.M. to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
Quarter and Year Ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
2. 
In this regard and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with para A of Part A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, the Transcript of the 
Investors/Analyst Conference Call for Q4 & FY 26 of the Company is enclosed 
herewith. 
 
3. 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep Mahapatra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. ACS 10992 
SANDEEP 
MAHAPATRA
Digitally signed by 
SANDEEP MAHAPATRA 
Date: 2026.05.19 
11:10:08 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited  
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12th, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
1. Cmde P. R. Hari, Indian Navy Retired – Chairman and Managing Director 
2. Shri Niranjan Bhalerao – Director (Finance) & CFO 
3. Smt. Aparajita Ghosh – Chief General Manager (Finance) 
4. Shri Sandeep Mahapatra – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 

 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited  
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12th, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the conference call of 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited arranged by Concept Investor 
Relations to discuss its Q4 and FY26 Results. 
We have with us today, Cmde P. R. Hari, IN (Retd) – Chairman and Managing 
Director; and Shri Niranjan Bhalerao – Director (Finance) and CFO; Smt. 
Aparajita Ghosh – Chief General Manager (Finance) and Shri Sandeep 
Mahapatra – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. Please note, this 
conference will be recorded. 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Commodore P. R. Hari – Chairman 
and Managing Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And a warm welcome to 
each one of you and I welcome each one of you to the conference call of 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders to discuss the results for Q4 and Financial Year 
Ending 31st March, 2026. 
With me here are Shri Niranjan Bhalerao – Director (Finance) and Chief 
Financial Officer; Smt. Aparajita Ghosh – Chief General Manager (Finance); 
Shri Sandeep Mahapatra, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
And over the next few minutes, I shall give you a glimpse of our financial 
performance and thereafter highlight the physical performance that has 
resulted in the company recording strong numbers during the last financial 
year. I shall also touch upon the current order book, execution plan for the 
ongoing projects, orders on the anvil, and the future outlook of the Company, 
including a glimpse of our expansion plan. 

 
As I have stated, our financial performance during the quarter four and 
Financial Year Ending 2026, March 31st, has been strong. And this has been 
the result of equally robust physical performance. During the quarter as well 
as the year, we have recorded our best-ever financial performance. 
The revenue from operations recorded during the quarter was INR 2,119 
crore, registering a growth of 29% over the last year and the profit after tax 
has moved up by 24%, from INR 244 crores to INR 303 crores. Similarly, the 
margins have also shown a substantial increase. 
When we take the full financial year, I am happy to inform you that we have 
recorded a revenue from operations of INR 7,002 crore, registering a growth 
of 38% over the last financial year. Similarly, our profit after tax has moved up 
from INR 527 crore to INR 748 crore, registering a growth of 42%. All in all, 
the financial year has been excellent for us and so has been Quarter 4. 
Coming to the physical performance: 
Our core business continues to be shipbuilding; and from the shipbuilding 
perspective, this again has been the best ever year in the history of the 
Company. We delivered eight warships to the Indian Navy, and interestingly, 
three of these vessels were delivered on the same day, and this perhaps is the 
first time in the history of our country. We also launched one warship with a 
keel laying of 19 platforms. These 19 of course include 13 hybrid ferries that 
we are building for the Government of West Bengal. So, 13 ferries plus 6 more 
platforms. We have done the keel laying during the last year. 
Coming to the other business vertical: 
Seven naval surface guns were delivered during the last year, and four of 
these have successfully completed the Sea Acceptance Trial. We also 
delivered 110 portable steel bridges. As you are aware, we have a daily 
bridges business vertical and during the last year, we delivered 110 bridges, 
including 30 for export. 

 
I am also happy to inform you that the revenue from this particular vertical 
has touched INR 200 crore plus for the first time in the history of that vertical. 
Also, we have recorded a revenue of over INR 270 crore from exports. 
Our current order book stands at INR 15,324.13 crore. Actually, I am happy 
that the order book has dropped below INR 20,000 crore in the last five years, 
it's the first time that the order book is dropping below INR 20,000 crore. And 
in my appreciation, this is an indication that our execution rate has improved. 
This order book comprises of nine projects, consisting of 39 platforms. The P-
70 NALSA project, one more ship is yet to be delivered. The Anti-Submarine 
Shallow Water Craft Project, we have four ships pending for delivery. Four 
Next-Generation Offshore Patrol Vessels, one Ocean Research Vessel, one 
Acoustic Research Ship, two Coastal Research Vessels, 13 Hybrid Ferries, 12 
Multipurpose Vessels, and 1,000-meter-cubed Dredger. 
Now, coming to the execution plan of these ongoing projects: 
As I have mentioned, one P-17 Alpha ship has yet to be delivered. This ship 
has already recorded about 74% physical progress of construction, and we 
intend delivering this ship during the current calendar year. The project is on 
schedule. 
Coming to the Anti-Submarine Shallow Water Craft Project: 
This is an eight-ship project, and of these eight ships, four have already been 
delivered, and the remaining four ships, two of them have touched about 80% 
physical progress of construction, and their basin trials have been completed, 
and we are preparing them for the Contractor Sea Trials, and we intend 
delivering these ships by the mid of the calendar year. 
The last two ships, Ships 7 and 8, have touched around 60% physical progress 
of construction, and we will be delivering these ships during the current 
financial year, thereby completing this project also. 
Coming to the Next-Generation Offshore Patrol Vessel project: 

 
This is a four-ship project, and the first of these ships have reached the stage 
of launch, and the launch of this vessel is planned on 20th of this month. The 
progress of production, construction of the remaining three ships is also 
satisfactory, and we intend completing this project during Financial Year ‘29. 
Coming to the other project, the non-defense project: 
The Ocean Research Vessel, this we are constructing for the Ministry of Earth 
Sciences, one of their organizations, called the NCPOR-Goa. This vessel has 
already undergone about 50% of construction, and the ship is planned for 
launch during the current calendar year. 
The Acoustic Research Ship that we are constructing for the DRDO, the ship 
has touched almost 20% physical progress of construction, and the 13 ferries, 
6 - 200-PAX and 7 - 100-PAX ferries, they are on track, and the first two ferries 
of the 100-PAX are expected to be launched during May, that is this month, 
and the next one is planned for launch in the next month. This project shall 
be completed by the end of the current financial year. 
Now coming to the two export projects: 
As you are aware, we are executing a project for a German client, the 12-ship 
Multipurpose Vessel project. The keel laying, that is one of the project 
milestones, of three of the ships have already been completed, and the 
project is on track as of now. 
And the last project that we are executing for the Government of Bangladesh, 
a dredger project on track, and we intend launching this vessel during the 
current financial year. 
This in a nutshell gives you the execution plan for the orders in hand. 
Now coming to what is on the anvil: 
The orders on the anvil, as you are aware, that we are the L1 for the Next 
Generation Corvette project. The price negotiations have already been 
completed, and we are awaiting the formal signing of the contract. The date 

 
is not fixed. It could happen any of these days. The order value is to the tune 
of around INR 33,000 crore. 
Currently, three tenders are live, one for the Indian Navy and two for the 
Indian Coast Guard. 
The Multipurpose Vessel project, two of these ships, the tender is already out. 
We expect the order value to be to the tune of around INR 1,500 crore, and 
the Next Generation Offshore Petrol Vessels for the Indian Coast Guard, five 
of these vessels, again, the order value is to the tune of around INR 2,000 
crore, and 22 Interceptor Boats for the Indian Coast Guard again. The order 
value is likely to the tune of around INR 1,000 crore. 
In addition, three projects where we expect the RFPs to come out in the next 
three months, 120 Fast interceptor craft projects for the Indian Navy. The 
order value is to the tune of around INR 3,500 crore. 
The 31 Follow-On Water Jet FAC project, again, for the Indian Navy, about INR 
3,500 crore, and seven P-17 Bravo ships. The AoN, as you are aware, has 
already been recorded. We expect the RFP to come out in the next three 
months, and the order value is likely to the tune of around INR 70,000 crore. 
This is in addition to the 12 Mine Countermeasure Vessels as I said. CMV 
project, again, for the Indian Navy. The AoN value is around INR 32,000 crore, 
and four landing platform dock LPDs, the order value is likely to the tune of 
around INR 35,000 crore. I have not included the Next Generation Destroyers 
or any other projects which are yet to get to the AoN status. These are the 
projects that I have listed out, are only the projects where AoN has been 
accorded, and as we appreciate the first three projects, that is the 120 FAC, 
31 Follow-On Water Jet FAC, and the seven P-17 Bravo, we expect the RFP to 
come out in the next three months, and the other two projects, the Mine 
Countermeasure as well, and the Landing Platform Dock, most likely during 
the current financial year. And this, so the total estimated order value is to 
the tune of about 1,50,000 crore, excluding, of course, the NGC project. 

 
In addition, what we had been discussing earlier, the aggregated demand of 
the domestic requirement of commercial vessels aggregated by the Ministry 
of Shipping, now it has gained traction, and four tenders are live. Four 
Platform Support Vessels, the cost could be to the tune of INR 1,200 to INR 
1,500 crore. Four MR tankers, six very large gas carriers, VLGC, and six 
Aframax vessels. So, these tenders are live, and definitely we will be taking 
part in these tenders. 
All this in a nutshell gives you the visibility on the opportunities that are 
currently available. 
Coming to our expansion plan: 
As I had stated before, our expansion plans are on the right track. And just to 
give you the perspective, our current shipbuilding capacity is for construction 
of 28 platforms. And with the ongoing expansion projects, that is the 
modernization projects within our premises, this capacity will get increased 
to 32 ships by the end of the calendar year. And the projects that we have 
taken on for expansion is for creation of two Brownfield shipbuilding facilities 
in West Bengal, and two Greenfield shipbuilding facilities, one in West Bengal 
and one in Gujarat. 
What we envisage is with the revitalization package for shipbuilding that has 
been promulgated by the government, which is to the tune of around INR 
69,725 crore, and the demand for platforms that has already been aggregated 
by the Ministry of Shipping, we expect the commercial shipbuilding segment 
to gather momentum. And it is with this intent that we are expanding to 
increase our shipbuilding capacity. 
So, I have broadly given you a glimpse of our financial performance and how 
the strong fiscal performance during the last year has resulted in these 
financial results. Given you a glimpse of the order book, the execution plan, 
the orders on the anvil, and also touched upon the expansion plans. 
I have finished, ladies and gentlemen, and you may like to ask any questions 
as appropriate. The moderator may take on, please. 

 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. First question is from the line of Amit Dixit from GS 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. First of all, 
congratulations for a very robust quarter and year, sir. Couple of questions 
from my side. The first one is on, if I go through the Statutory Committee of 
Defense reports, then something very striking that if you look at the summary 
of contracts that are expected to be signed over the next two years, these 
have gone down substantially. In the last report, it was around INR 42,000 
crores In the report released in March, it is only INR 18,900 crore 
approximately for warships and survey vessels, that particular category. So, 
in that light, just wanted to understand that how do we look at the focus of 
the government in the near term on these warships and survey vessels that is 
our core area? 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Amit. Now, when the figure of INR 18,900 crore has been allotted 
for defense shipbuilding, in my position, there is a fund outflow during the 
particular year. But as you are aware that government, including during the 
last year, perhaps even during the last two last Defense Acquisition Council, 
have given a green signal for multiple projects, what I had listed out earlier. 
So, the government focus on warship building is there and it is evident from 
the fact that the AON is being accorded and the RFPs are being promulgated 
online by both the major end users, that is the Navy and the Coast Guard. And 
also, the fact that these RFPs are getting translated into contracts. That's why 
my first statement was that the NGC project is live and we are the L1. The 
other value is to the tune of INR 33,000 crore only for us. So, this figure what 
you have mentioned is perhaps the fund outflow that is anticipated from 
these projects during a particular financial year. And that depends upon the 
project maturity. Now, another aspect is that both the services, the Maritime 
Services, both the Navy and the Coast Guard have absolutely clear roadmap 
and stated perspective plans, which have been approved by the Government. 
So, to answer your question, the figures that you have stated does not reflect 

 
the intent of the Government or the progress made in this direction. Thank 
you. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great, sir. Very comforting. The second question that I have is, again taking a 
step back, it's a very macro kind of question. Considering the current warfare 
that is there and the TCPR of the Government, where there is a lot of focus 
on autonomous vessels, on drones, on new age electronics. So, where do you 
think the traditional platforms like corvettes and destroyers stand or stack? 
Isn't the relevance of these traditional platforms declining? That is part one. 
Part two is that how GRSE is gearing itself for maybe this autonomous kind of 
vehicles or vessels or some kind of modern ships or the small ships that are 
being increasingly used in modern warfare. So, are there some investments 
that we are kind of making in that front or what is your strategy on that? I 
mean, it's a five-year question, not something that can be done in next year 
or something. So, just wanted your thoughts on this. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. You are absolutely right that there has been an increased focus on 
autonomous vessels. What is visible outside is the fact that the current 
situation has brought the focus of the Government to the fore. But otherwise, 
again, the Indian Navy has got and promulgated autonomous roadmap 
almost, which was promulgated almost three years back, even before the 
current situation escalated to the state where it is now. So, it is just that for 
us outside the realm of direct warfare, this is coming to focus. Now, even 
while autonomous platforms, be it subsurface, surface, or aerial, have been, 
are being, and will be utilized in a larger manner, larger focus, the 
conventional platforms would continue to remain because these 
conventional platforms, 1) they provide heavy-duty muscle in terms of 
armament. 2) they have huge endurance, sometimes endurance to stay more 
than three months at sea. So, these conventional platforms would continue 
to, in my association, and as an experienced individual in this field, 
conventional platforms of all ranges, be it a fast patrol vessel, or be it an 
aircraft carrier, or be it a conventional or strategic submarine, this trust and 
their existence will continue to remain. So, coming to GRSE, GRSE had 
ventured into the autonomous field as late as three and a half years back, and 
we started off in all three dimensions that I mentioned, both the subsurface, 

 
surface, and aerial. We have successfully developed both the subsurface and 
the surface versions, and just to inform you that one of our products has been 
supplied to, provided to one of the DRDO organizations. We see opportunities 
here, and we are an integral part, make, that is, Make-I and Make-II schemes 
which the Government has promulgated, and a few cases where the 
Autonomous Underwater Vessels, we are very much in the fray. And in the 
next year, since you asked me what can be the short term and what can be 
envisaged in the next five years in the short term, what we have developed, 
we see them gaining, let us say, more standing in the domestic market. And 
in the long term, that is three to five years, we see the MAKE projects for the 
XL, that is Extra-Large Autonomous Underwater Vessel project to take shape, 
and perhaps in the next three to five years we should be able to develop and 
deliver this project to the customers. So, it is moving in the right direction, 
and as with many of the defense manufacturers of India, we have a separate 
business vertical on the new technology. So, we are focusing on the 
autonomous platforms, and in the next three to five years, we see the 
gathering for the momentum. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thank you. Great, sir. Thank you so much, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from 
Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity, and congrats for a very good set of 
results. A few questions from my side. So, first, could you please give us the 
order book breakup which you generally give across the ship?  
P. R. Hari: 
Sure. Thank you, Mr. Harshit. The order book breakup, as I mentioned, our 
total order book value is INR 15,324 crores, and about 95% continues to come 
from shipbuilding. So, the shipbuilding orders are to the tune of around INR 
14,730 crores, and within shipbuilding, the P-17 Alpha project has about INR 
5,868 crores remaining, and the Anti-Submarine Shellow Water Craft worth 
INR 2,035 crores, and the Next Generation Offshore Patrol Vessel INR 5,168 
crores. So, the warship building orders are to the tune of around INR 11,361 
crores. Coming to the non-defense segment, the Ocean Research Vessel 

 
worth INR 749 crores, the Coastal Research Vessels, two of them we are 
doing, INR 260 crores, the Acoustic Research Ship, INR 456 crores, the arctic 
ferries, hybrid ferries, INR 207 crores, the Multipurpose Vessels, INR 1,345 
crores, and the dredger, about INR 66 crores remaining. So, what is interesting 
is that in the non-defense segment, now we have about 22.5% of our total 
order book. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you. Understood, sir. So, my second question is, sir, on the 31st of 
March when you reported your provisional revenue figures, and on the result 
day when you gave out the numbers of revenue, there was a huge delta. It 
was very positive, of course, but what would be the reason for this difference, 
sir, if you can explain? Because generally, historically, we haven't seen such a 
huge difference between the provisional number and the actual revenue 
figures. 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay, very interesting. But are you happy or not happy? 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Of course, sir, very happy, sir. 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay, since you are happy, I am sure you are keeping track of our progress at 
the physical milestone. Three ships were delivered on the last day. So, the 
revenue recognition, the liaison with the Navy, all these aspects are going on. 
That is the reason why we went for a conservative figure. So, when all this 
happened and when we formalized the deliveries and handed over the sales 
revenue, appropriately it was realized from these ships, and the total revenue 
now comes to our best figures of 7,200. Thank you. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Understood, sir. Sir, a follow-up question is, sir, on the NGC order, if you 
remember, sir, the last time when we met, you were very confident that 
probably we will be getting this order in,  but today also you mentioned that 
price negotiations are going on. You are expecting the order to come soon. 
So, where is the hiccup, sir? Where is the delay? And by when do you think 
the NGC order would come? In addition to this, you also highlighted certain 
smaller projects like 22 water jets and other smaller-sized projects. Now, are 
there two winners or it will be a single winner, if you can highlight, sir? 

 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay. Thank you. First thing, I would like to clarify that the price negotiations 
are completed. Actually, when we directed at that stage itself, the price 
negotiations were completed. They have been completed. We were 
expecting the contract to be signed by 31st March because at that point of 
time, the contract negotiations, the terms and conditions, those aspects were 
in progress. We very optimistically appreciated that it would get completed 
by 31st March. Our current assessment is that the contract will be signed 
during the current quarter that is June. It is almost the right direction. No red 
flags so far. Coming to the smaller projects which you mentioned, the first 
project of Multipurpose Vessels is a single shipyard. There are only two ships 
out there. The OPV project for Coast Guard, five ships, again, a single shipyard. 
And the Interceptor Boats, again, is a single shipyard. But the other project, 
the 120 Fast Interceptor Craft and the P-17 Bravo, the Fast Interceptor Craft 
120, it will be split between two shipyards, 80 and 40. That is the likely RFP 
conditions. And the second project, the P-17 Bravo, again, would be split 
between two shipyards, four and three, like the current P-17 Alpha project. 
The Mine Countermeasure Vessel, the 12-ship project, would be split 
between two shipyards, eight and four, and the landing platform dock, two 
and two. But these two, the last two projects which I mentioned are some 
time-off because I expect the RFPs to come out sometime during the latter 
half of the current financial year. I think that gives you a broad perspective of 
the orders in hand, including the breakup plan. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
This is really helpful and thank you for this insight. Wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Bajaj 
Alternative Investment Management Limited. Please proceed. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Yes. My first question is regarding when can we see the revenue booking for 
NGC starting? And in the intermittent period, you were supposed to have 
smaller ships where you could contribute to the revenue. So, if you can throw 
some light, how will the revenue numbers look like for the next two years? 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. The revenue booking from NGC, if the contract is signed during 
the current quarter, we expect the booking to happen during the latter half 

 
of the next financial year, that is FY28. The second half of FY28, we expect the 
revenue generation from NGC to commence. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Percentage-wise, if you can just elaborate, how much would be the 
percentage booking, percentage booking-wise, for the first two years at least? 
P. R. Hari: 
See, you are specifically asking about NGC? 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
NGC, yes, NGC in particular. 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay. Let's see. Since we have been interacting over multiple Investor and 
Analysts Meet, shipbuilding follows an S-curve, which means the initial phase, 
when the preparatory activities for construction are in progress, the revenue 
recognition is minimal. Then it picks up as the physical construction starts, in 
terms of block fabrication, the hull fabrication, where the steel and certain 
outfit items get into the platform. Then comes the next phase, where the 
steeper phase, where the equipment gets lowered. And as you are aware, 
around 65% of a ship's cost itself is equipment. Then the outfit flattens, and 
the ship is moving towards the delivery, and once delivered, the balance 
revenue is made. So, considering this aspect, in the first year, assuming, again, 
we are signing the contract in the 1st Quarter, we don't plan any revenue 
recognition during the current year, or even during the next half. The next 
part, what I mentioned to commence revenue recognition, that will be a very 
mediocre amount, which is coming from the design inputs, which lead to 
getting the ship ready for construction. The major chunk of the revenue 
recognition will start from FY29, when the hull construction would have 
matured, and at least some part of the equipment comes in. So, this is what I 
can say at this moment. Now, currently, as I mentioned, we have about 39 
platforms under construction, and again, as what I stated during this very 
interaction, that a few of these vessels are in a mature state, where the 
production progress is very good, as per the contractual timeline. So, we 
expect that the revenue accrual during the current financial year is going to 
be very healthy, and in line with what we have been seeing during the last 
three or four years. And for the next year, that is FY28, we will pad up with 
the balance projects what are in hand, the NPOPV project, the first vessels, 

 
and the commercial vessels, what we have in hand. And of course, we also 
expect a reasonable number of orders, which are on the anvil coming our way. 
So, naturally, the order book deficit currently is there, will be stemmed up by 
NGC1, and at least 20%-25% of the balance, what is in the kitty. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Thank you. Sir, can we reasonably assume that FY28 will not see dip in terms 
of revenue, because that's the fair understanding? 
P. R. Hari: 
No, I did not state that. All I am telling is that by FY27, the current financial 
year, a couple of more projects would get completed, and the remaining 
projects would give us revenue during the next year FY28. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. And, sir, during these two years, how should one look at, because 
you've been guiding for high-digit EBITDA margin, while NGC will be in the 
design phase. So, there will be some sort of de-operating leverage also, 
because your fixed cost will continue to remain elevated. So, if you can guide 
for at least ‘28-29, how the EBITDA margins will look like beyond ‘27? 
P. R. Hari: 
In case of FY28 and ‘29, we will try and maintain similar margins. I can only 
say we will try and maintain similar margins, because at that point of time, 
the balance projects which are currently in hand, I am talking about the OPV 
project or the commercial research vessel projects, they will be getting 
completed. So, we will try and maintain similar margins during that year also. 
Okay. Also, in FY28 and ‘29, the NGC would start giving us revenue, perhaps 
maybe to the tune of around 3%-4%-5% of the overall project cost, which is 
substantial. And the next year, when the construction starts again, the project 
will start giving revenue. And I also mentioned that what is coming from NGC 
in the next financial year, second half, from the balance of the projects which 
are on the anvil, let us take the P-17 Bravo, where there are only as of now, 
again, like the NGC, there are only four shipyards. And with our kind of 
experience and expertise in building these vessels, we stand a very good 
chance of winning. And this is a very big order. So, even if we go by a 
conservative figure of GRSE forget L1, even if we become L2, and if the 
contract follows a similar pattern exactly one year from the time NGC is 
getting completed. The revenue recognition from 17 Bravo will commence in 

 
FY29. So, the deficit or the gap at this moment is not a grave concern. This is 
my observation. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Fair enough, sir. Very elaborate. Thank you so much for a detailed answer, sir. 
Really appreciate it. That's it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanjeev Zarbade from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes, sir. This is Sanjeev here. Sir, my question was regarding the margins. So, 
we have done very good margins in FY25 and FY26, aided by the writeback of 
excess provisions that we would have taken on the various major platforms 
that we are building. So, for the future, should we kind of adjust for this 
writeback that we did, to really look at the sustainable margins for the future, 
which could be around 9% to 10%? 
P. R. Hari: 
Sorry, Mr. Ashish, could you repeat the question, please? Somehow your 
voice was sounding a bit distorted. Could you please repeat the question? 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
Yes, sir. What I was saying was that we did 8.3% EBITDA margin in FY25 and 
then 11.6% in FY26. Now, if we look to maintain margins, then should we 
adjust for the benefit that we received from the writeback that we took in the 
4th Quarter of FY25 and FY26? Is that the right way to look at how the margins 
will plan out for the next three - four years? 
P. R. Hari: 
Yes, all I can say, frankly, the question was not clear purely, not because of 
the thing that I couldn't decipher properly. The voice is a bit distorted, but 
what I understand is you are asking about the EBITDA margin trend, what will 
continue in the current financial year. I can assure you that the current 
financial year, the margins are going to be similar. That's what I understand 
you asked, because it's not clear. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
I was asking that if we adjust for the benefit that we took on account of the 
provision write-back in the 4th Quarter of FY25 and FY26, sustainable margins 
are around maybe 9.5% to 10%. So, that is the way margins should work out 

 
for the future, or we should go by the current level of around 11.5% margin 
that we did in FY26? 
P. R. Hari: 
We will be able to maintain similar margins, what you said last. We will be 
able to maintain similar margins in the coming year, that is the current year. 
Sanjeev Zarbade: 
That is 11.5%? 
P.R. Hari: 
I really can't say the exact, but all I can say at this stage, we are only in the 1st 
Quarter. All I can say is that we will be able to maintain similar margins. 
Moderator: 
Okay, that's it. Thank you. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raj 
Shah from Enam. Please go ahead. 
Raj Shah: 
So, my first question is regarding the possibility of revenues in FY28 from the 
aftermarket space, basically the spares for the platforms that we have 
delivered in the last two, three years, say survey vessels and the earlier 
frigates that we have delivered. Do you see that spare revenue starts 
throwing up, say, in the next two years, which could be a way to increase 
margins? 
P. R. Hari: 
No, you are mentioning that ships delivered during the last two years. Yes. 
What is the question? 
Raj Shah: 
Yes, so for the ships that have been delivered in the last two to three years, 
will the spare sales for those ships start reflecting in our numbers in the next 
two, three years, which could be a reason for margin of upward trajectory? 
P. R. Hari: 
I will tell you this way. In the last two years, the ships which were delivered, 
one, of course, is the P7 Alpha project. We have delivered two of the ships 
and survey vessels we have delivered four of them in the last year and the 
previous last two years, and four of the Anti-Submarine Water Craft projects. 
All of these projects are high-value projects and all the orders for this 
equipment, there is spares and equipment, were placed much earlier and 
these prices were fixed. So, we did not find any escalation coming or any 
impact. So, the margins are intact. They have not been affected by any of the 

 
market fluctuations. I am not sure that that is the question which you asked 
because the question was not clear, but we have been able to maintain good 
margins on these ships, these three projects. 
Raj Shah: 
No issues. Sir, regarding this export market, do you see any new orders that 
you are eyeing up or any possibility of orders that will be coming in the next 
year or two? 
P. R. Hari: 
Yes, definitely yes. Definitely yes because most of the European ship owners 
are now looking at India because of two reasons. One, their standard 
destination, that is China, Korea, they are jam-packed with orders. So, that is 
one reason. And the second reason is that they have found that the Indian 
pricing is affordable for them and competitive for them and so is the quality 
of the business. So, a few of the European clients are in dialogue with us and 
I am very confident that in the next year or so we should be able to conclude 
more contracts for commercial vessels, especially from the European market. 
So, we see opportunities in this. 
Raj Shah: 
Okay, got it, got it. That's it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kavish Parekh from 
360 One Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. While you did highlight that the order for 
NGC could be signed sometime in this quarter, could you also share more 
details on the likely vendor ecosystem for the project, including the potential 
key suppliers and their respective workshares? 
P. R. Hari: 
See, yes, we are expecting the order for the contract for the NGC to be signed 
in the current quarter. And for the next projects, that is the 120 FAC, 31 
Waterjet FAC and the 17 Bravo projects, we expect the RFPs to come out in 
the next three months. Also, I had mentioned that three of the bids are 
currently live. So, the MPV, the bid submission has already taken place. And 
for the OPV for the Coast Guard and the interceptor boats, as I appreciate the 
bid submission is towards the end of this month or early next month. So, 
conservative time if we take for the smaller projects, from the time the bid is 

 
open, the contract would get signed within six months. And for the large 
project like 17 Bravo, based on our experience with NGC could take up to a 
year, nine months to a year. 
Kavish Parekh: 
So, sir, what I was trying to understand is, specific to the NGC program, who 
would be the key vendors for you for the project? And it would also be helpful 
if you could share the electronics content within the overall program. So, 
what proportion of the program value could be attributable to electronics and 
which major systems would this include? 
P. R. Hari: 
You are specifically asking about the NGC project with respect to our 
downstream vendors. In the NGC project, about 65% of the overall project 
cost is for the equipment and systems. And of this 65%, approximately about 
55% to 60% is accounted by the electronics, that is the weapons, sensors, and 
associated electronics. And the balance, that is around 40% to 45%, comes 
from the machinery and systems, that is like the propulsion engines, the air 
conditioning plants, and the associated machinery systems, and also the steel. 
So, a large chunk of electronics, of course, comes from our sister PSU, Bharat 
Electronics. And since the field is competitive, there are a few other Indian 
OEMs who are in the fray. Does that answer your question, or do you want 
more information? Just for your information we have already started 
discussions with several of the OEMs as part of the preparation for the 
project. And once the contract is signed, we will be placing the downstream 
orders. So, we expect the first of the downstream orders to be placed within 
three months of signing of the contract, and between three to six. You see 
here, the customer is also involved, because since it is a big project, a weapon-
intensive project, the customer is also associated when the technical 
specifications are finalized. So, the majority of the orders will be placed 
between three to six months of signing of the contract. 
Kavish Parekh: 
This is super helpful, sir. So, given that, like you said, BEL will also have a role 
in this program, fair to assume that once you are able to sign the contract 
with the customer, the contract with BEL will be signed somewhere around 
three to five months, three to six months after your contract signing with the 
customer. Is that fair to assume, sir? 

 
P. R. Hari: 
Absolutely correct. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Perfect. Thank you so much, sir, and all the very best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh Mulchandani from Toro 
Wealth Managers, LLP. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, we have discussed that right now we are 
seeing good momentum. Even we have inquiries from the European 
companies because of our pricing advantage. So, do we have enough 
capacities to take large orders from them, and is there a possibility to aim for 
even higher margins than what we have seen in the current year, which is 
obviously very good, but because we are globally competitive and we have 
good quality also, can we position ourselves as a higher margin player also 
going forward from the company perspective? 
P. R. Hari: 
Yes, the opportunities are good, and the current projects we have taken 
because we wanted an entry into the commercial shipbuilding segment. So, 
when we follow this current order with more orders, definitely we will be 
going for projects with higher margin and perhaps with more order value. Just 
to give you a perspective, the project what we have taken on is a multi-
purpose vessel, which is a medium-sized, state order value remaining is 
around INR 1,400 to INR 1,500 crore. If you just take any of the naval projects, 
be it additional Anti-Submarine Shallow Water Craft project, those ships are 
very small ships, but weapon-intensive ships, and the cost per ship is around 
INR 675 crore. So, it almost comes to around INR 5,000 to INR 5,500 crore. So, 
what I am trying to convey is that while the commercial ship building export 
market looks attractive, the money and the margins are very much within 
warship building. 
So, what I had stated in the beginning of this discussion that about INR 
1,50,000 odd crore of RFPs which are on the anvil, so there is enough in that 
segment to meet the order book or profitability aspirations of the company. 
However, the commercial ship building projects which are on the anvil, what 
we will be looking for is something that is definitely with good margin and 
projects which are attractive, like let us say hybrid platforms of large-size 

 
vessels with complex proportions which are challenging as well as attractive. 
To answer your question in a nutshell; yes, we will be going in for commercial 
ship building projects. You can see a few of them coming up in the next year 
or so with reasonably good margins. Otherwise, we would not go in for any 
projects with low margins, especially when we are concerned with 
commercial ship building export orders. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Got it. Thank you. And just one more question. I had to understand now with 
the commodities, prices increasing, etc., so I am assuming we would have an 
arrangement with the clients for cost pass-through. But I just wanted to get a 
sense that is there any delays in general that we see with respect to these 
cost pass-ons or it is these negotiations happen simultaneously on a monthly 
basis? How does it work on ground? 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. Yes, there is a deviation or the escalation with respect to the cost 
of commodities there has been an impact. And so has there been an impact 
with respect to time. 
Now, coming to the cost factor, all the projects that we are currently 
executing, we have factored this and orders were placed much earlier. So, 
cost escalation with respect to the existing orders that we have for the 
ongoing projects. The time delays are marginal because what we have seen is 
that where minor delays with respect to steel or the industrial gas which 
contribute towards fabrication within the premises, yes, there is a very, very 
marginal insignificant impact which we are able to absorb in the overall 
scheme of things. For all the new contracts which we are yet to sign or where 
we are bidding, we will factor this aspect of uncertainty also. In the existing 
contracts, just to say, all the contracts are fixed price contracts and so are our 
orders with our subcontractors or vendors. So, there is no impact as such. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahil Dasani from MAPL. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Rahil Dasani: 
Yes. Good afternoon and thank you for this opportunity. I have a specific 
question regarding the ASW Vessels. Are we still left with some equipment, 
fitment on our vessels, the ones that we have commercialized, especially as I 
believe without complete fitment post-delivery, we don't get the PBGS 
amount back, which I believe is some 10%. And from what I know, we were 
left with a Sonar installment. 
P. R. Hari: 
Can you repeat, please? I didn't get the question. 
Rahil Dasani: 
ASW Vessels, the Anti-Submarine Warfare Vessels, the few that we have 
commercialized and that are in the water as of date, I believe that without 
fitment of all the equipment on it, usually the Government doesn't give us the 
PBGS amount, which is usually 10% of the whole tender, if I am not wrong. 
And from what I know, we were left with the installment of the sonars on 
those vessels. 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay. Since you asked a specific question, I will try and give a very clear 
answer. The stage payment for the naval projects as per the DAP, the Defense 
Acquisition Procedure, are absolutely clear. These are covered in 15 stages of 
payment, with the 14th stage coming at the time of delivery and the 15th 
stage, that's the final stage, coming after one year of warranty. And to answer 
your question with respect to sonar, there are two types of sonar in the ship. 
One is the fixed sonar, hull-founded sonar, which has already been installed, 
and the variable depth sonar, it is a developmental item. It's a buyer-furnished 
item. So, we are not impacted by the non-availability or availability of that 
item. What I am trying to say, there is no financial impact with respect to the 
bank guarantee or PBGS, the firm's bank guarantee. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Got it. That's very clear. And from what I understand, it's in the development 
phase maybe, and we haven't installed it yet but there is still no financial 
liability on anything of the sort, right? 
P. R. Hari: 
Absolutely. 
Rahil Dasani: 
Got it. And with the upcoming NGC and the NGOPV, do they also have a 
similar sonar profile to the ASW, both surface as well as underwater sonar? 

 
P. R. Hari: 
No, this is confidential information. You are asking me the weapon fit of a 
naval platform. You would like to-- 
Rahil Dasani: 
Got it. But maybe if you can share at what stage of development is this sonar 
that we have to still work on, or do we see that getting further delayed? 
P. R. Hari: 
This particular question, I would suggest you get it in touch with my Company 
Secretary. Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sunil Shah from SRE PMS. Please 
go ahead. 
Sunil Shah: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I missed a few points early on. And 
what I understand is that the P-17 Bravo is broken up between four and seven. 
There are other two big ticket size orders which you mentioned, the INR 
32,000 crores and the INR 35,000 crores. I believe those order 
announcements could be scheduled in FY28. Sir, the order and the breakup, 
could you kindly just repeat it for me, please I just missed that. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. The P-17 Bravo, the total number of ships is seven. And 
as per the AoN accorded by the Defense Acquisition Council, this is the open-
source information. The project will be between two shipyards, that is four 
and three. The L1 will get four and the L2 will get three. Coming to the next 
two projects, that is the mine countermeasure vessel project. It's a 12-ship 
project. The AoN value is around INR 32,000 crore. And it will be split between 
two shipyards. L1 shipyard getting eight and the L2 shipyard getting four. 
Coming to the LPD project, the order, the AoN, as my memory goes, it's 
around INR 35,000 crore. And it will be two plus two. These are the big-ticket 
size order, what I mentioned. 
Sunil Shah: 
Right. Sir, thanks. Thanks for sharing this. And this could be expected by FY28. 
So, sir, my context is with your tenure. So, would we all hear this great news 
whenever it certifies from your kind self in FY28 itself? How does it work I just 
want to know that, sir. 

 
P. R. Hari: 
The first part to answer and second part you may have to ask again. The first 
part we expect the RFP for P-17 Bravo to come out in the current quarter. And 
the RFP for the other two projects could come by end of the financial year. 
So, if the RFP for the P-17 Bravo comes by 1st Quarter, then the contract could 
be completed as early as end of the current financial year, that is FY27, going 
by the NGC trend. And the other two projects in the next financial year. 
Sunil Shah: 
Yes. Sir, about your tenure in the organization, sir, more than the orders. So, 
you are there in this financial year as well in the next financial year or the 
baton would be for someone else? That's my question. 
P. R. Hari: 
I actually didn't get that. 
Sunil Shah: 
Sir, your post in the organization, so you will be associated with Garden Reach 
even in FY27 and in FY28 as well? 
P. R. Hari: 
Yes, definitely. 
Sunil Shah: 
Thanks. Thank you so much, sir. Thanks for all this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the 
day. I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. And thank you Concept for arranging this conference. It was an 
interesting session. And we had a few interesting queries during the session. 
And as usual, I look forward to the Investors and Analysts Meet and looking 
forward to interacting with you all after we announce the Results for the next 
Q1 FY27. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited, 
that concludes this conference. If you have any further questions, you may 
send an email to gaurav.g@conceptpr.com. Thank you all for joining us. And 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
