 
 
 May 8, 2026 
To 
The Secretary, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001. 
 
Scrip Code: 540975 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: ASTERDM 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 
Reg: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated May 1, 2026, wherein the Company submitted the link to the 
video recording of the earnings conference call held with regard to the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said earnings conference call. 
The same is also being uploaded on Company’s website at 
https://www.asterdmhealthcare.in/investors/financial-information/earning-call-transcripts 
Kindly take the above-said information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
 
_________________ 
Hemish Purushottam 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A24331 
 
 
 
 
 
HEMISH 
PURUSHOTTA
M
Digitally signed by 
HEMISH PURUSHOTTAM 
Date: 2026.05.08 
15:36:14 +05'30'

 
 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited 
Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 1, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Ms. Alisha Moopen – Deputy Managing Director 
Mr. T J Wilson – Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ramesh Kumar – Chief Operating Officer   
Mr. Sunil Kumar M R – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha – Chief Investor Relations & M&A Officer 
 
          QCIL Management:  
        Mr. Varun Khanna – Group MD & CEO, QCIL 
 
Moderator: 
 Mr. Puneet Maheshwari – Lead - Investor Relations 
 

2 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you to Aster DM Healthcare Earnings 
Conference call for the Q4 and full year FY26. Today with us we have the 
senior management of Aster DM Healthcare, namely Ms. Alisha Moopen, 
Deputy Managing Director; Mr. T J Wilson, Non-Executive Director;  
Mr. Ramesh Kumar, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Sunil Kumar, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Mr. Hitesh Dhaddha, Chief Investor Relations and 
M&A Officer. We are also delighted to have Mr. Varun Khanna, Group MD 
and CEO of Quality Care. Mr. Khanna is here solely in the capacity of a 
representative of Quality Care, to give insights into the business and future 
plans of Quality Care, the entity which is in the process to get merged with 
Aster DM Healthcare. 
 
It is to be noted that the merger is subject to further regulatory approvals. 
All external attendees will be in listen only mode for the duration of the 
entire call. We will start the call with the opening remarks by the 
management, followed by an interactive Q&A session. Certain forward-
looking statements in this meeting involve risk and uncertainties. 
 
Aster DM Healthcare assumes no responsibility for actions based on these 
statements and undertakes no obligation to update them for future 
events. With this, I will now request Ms. Alisha Moopen to start with the 
opening remarks. Over to you, Ms. Alisha. 
 
Alisha Moopen:                    
Thank you, Puneet. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
despite being Labour day. 
 
As we move closer to completing the proposed merger with Quality Care, 
I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence and 
support in approving the scheme. With this milestone behind us, the 
transaction now awaits final approval from the NCLT. Even ahead of formal 
completion, the combined proforma performance provides a very useful 
view of the potential scale and operating profile of the two organizations 
together. It highlights how the complementary footprints, aligned clinical 
philosophies and disciplined execution can translate into operating 
leverage and capital efficiency over time, providing visibility into the 
longer-term earnings potential of the combined platform over the coming 
years. 
 
With that context, I will begin with the combined proforma performance 
of Aster and Quality Care, before moving on to Aster’s results. 
 
Turning to the proforma performance, the combined view indicates a 
steady and broad-based trajectory, supported by very strong patient 
volumes, improving case mix, efficient cost management, and a continued 
focus on clinical excellence. What is particularly encouraging is how these 
factors, when viewed together, point to the potential for both scale and 
as well as improving the quality of earnings. 
 
So, coming to the quarter’s performance on a combined proforma basis, 
the revenues have grown 18% year-on-year to INR 2,361 crores for the 
quarter, supported by a 12% increase in total patient volumes and an 8% 
improvement in ARPP IP. More importantly, as the benefits of scale and 
mix begin to play out, Operating EBITDA has outpaced the revenue 
growth, increasing by 25% to INR 517 crores. This operating leverage 
translated into margins of 21.9% and a ROCE improvement of 293 basis 
points to 21.1%, reinforcing the underlying strength of the model. 

3 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Now, coming to the full year. This interplay between scale, mix, and 
profitability becomes even more evident when we look at the full-year 
performance. For FY26, the combined platform has delivered revenue of 
INR 9,273 crores, growing 14% year-on-year, with growth supported by a 
balanced increase both in patient volumes as well as ARPP IP. The 
improvement in ARPP IP was underpinned by a 200 basis points in our 
CONGO mix expansion, which now stands at 55%, along with a very 
healthy payor mix of cash and insurance at 83%. As a result of this, our 
earnings continued to outpace our revenue, with Operating EBITDA 
growing at 21% to INR 2,013 crores and margins expanded by 116 basis 
points now to 21.7%. 
 
Importantly, this performance reflects sustained momentum rather than 
a one-year outcome. Over the past three years, the combined entity has 
delivered revenue CAGR of 14.5% and an Operating EBITDA CAGR of 
nearly 20%. This has been achieved even as we have continued to add 
capacity and manage inherent business seasonality, reflecting a very well-
aligned and consistently executed operating philosophy. 
 
Now, coming to capacity expansion. To support this momentum, our 
capacity expansion has remained very disciplined and closely aligned with 
long-term demand. Over the past year, we have added 373 beds, taking 
the combined capacity to 10,620+ beds across 28 cities. Our pipeline 
includes 4,445 additional beds, which will take our total capacity beyond 
15,000 beds through a balanced mix of greenfield and brownfield 
expansions. This calibrated approach ensures that scale is built with 
precision, optimizing capital efficiency as well as supporting long-term 
shareholder returns, while strengthening our position as a leading pan-
India healthcare platform. 
 
Coming to the update on merger. Against this backdrop, the progress on 
the merger with Quality Care marks a very important strategic milestone. 
During the quarter, the merger received overwhelming approval from 
shareholders and creditors, with 96.7% of shareholder votes cast in favor, 
reflecting strong alignment and confidence in the strategic direction. From 
a regulatory standpoint, the transaction has progressed through all key 
stages, including receipt of CCI approval and no-objection letters from NSE 
and BSE with no adverse observations. The merger application was 
subsequently filed with the NCLT on December 11, 2025. 
 
With the shareholder and creditor approvals also now in place, the matter 
is currently before the NCLT for the final approval. The next hearing is 
expected in May, and upon receipt of the order, the merger will become 
effective. Based on current timelines, we expect the process to be 
completed within this quarter. Overall, the combined proforma 
performance, along with the progress on the merger, reinforces a 
consistent message that we are not only scaling the platform, but we are 
doing so in a way that enhances the mix, drives operating leverage, and 
improves capital efficiency in a very sustainable manner. 
 
Now, turning towards Aster’s performance for the final quarter of the 
year. Despite macro headwinds, we delivered strong double-digit growth 
across our core hospitals, clinics, and labs businesses, driven by robust 
patient volumes and a continued shift towards higher-acuity care. The 
combination of volume growth and improving case mix remained the key 
driver of performance during the quarter. 
 

4 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Revenue from operations stood at INR 1,182 crores, reflecting an 18% 
year-on-year increase. This growth was supported by a 15% increase in 
total patient volumes, a 9% improvement in ARPP IP, and the 
contributions from the recently operationalized Kasargod hospital. 
Importantly, the growth was not just volume-led, but also mix-driven, with 
a higher share of specialized tertiary care, particularly in DBS and robotic 
procedures, which saw a very meaningful increase during the quarter. 
 
This shift in case mix is also evident at a specialty level. If you look at 
cardiology revenues, those grew by 25% year-on-year, with contribution 
increasing to 15% in Q4 FY26 from 14% last year, while oncology revenues 
have grown 23%, contributing 11% to the overall mix. Together, these 
segments continue to anchor the transition towards higher-acuity, higher-
value care. 
 
Alongside this, the MVT segment maintained strong momentum, growing 
41% year-on-year on the back of increased international patient footfall. 
Within Kerala, MVT revenues grew 51%, with stronger inflows from 
Maldives helping offset macro-related softness from the middle east, 
demonstrating the resilience and diversification of the platform. In our 
ancillary businesses, labs continued to scale steadily, with revenues 
increasing 18% year-on-year. 
 
As this growth and mix improvement flows through, operating leverage is 
becoming increasingly more visible in our financials. Operating EBITDA for 
the quarter stood at INR 244 crores, growing 26% year-on-year, with 
margins at 20.7% despite the addition of new capacity. Core hospitals and 
clinics delivered particularly strong performance, with operating EBITDA 
growing at 32% and margins at 23.1%, which reflects very steady 
execution across all our mature assets. Normalised PAT grew by 32% Year-
on-year in Q4FY26 with margins up by 120 basis points. 
 
While the Kasargod facility remains in its initial ramp-up phase, the 
underlying performance of the core network continues to demonstrate 
strong operating leverage. Excluding Kasargod, revenue and operating 
EBITDA grew 17% and 31% year-on-year respectively, with margins 
expanding by 239 basis points to 21.7%. Within core hospitals and clinics, 
excluding Kasargod, operating EBITDA grew 36%, with margins improving 
to 24.3%, reflecting a 345 basis point expansion. 
 
Coming to some of the non-core business performance, this has also been 
encouraging with improvement also visible in all these ancillary 
businesses. The labs segment saw a sharp increase in profitability, with 
operating EBITDA growing 181% and margins expanding to 14.7% from 
6.2% last year. 
 
Coming to the cluster-wise performance highlights across clusters, the 
same operating philosophy continues to play out, with each region at a 
different stage of maturity. 
 
Kerala continues to anchor stability and profitability despite a temporary 
and modest impact from the nurses’ strike. Inpatient volumes grew 11% 
year-on-year, indicating sustained demand. Excluding Kasargod, revenues 
grew nearly 18% year-on-year, while operating EBITDA margins remained 
strong at 25.6%, supported by cost efficiencies and operating leverage. 
Kerala continues to serve as a core earnings and cash generation pillar, 
supporting investments across other regions. 

5 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
In the Karnataka and Maharashtra cluster, operating performance 
continued to improve, with revenue growing 11% year-on-year. This was 
driven by a strong increase in ARPP IP, supported by a strategic shift 
towards higher-value procedures in cardiology and neurosciences and the 
de-empanelment of low-yielding schemes at Aster Aadhar. Operating 
EBITDA grew 25%, with margins expanding by ~270 basis points, reflecting 
the combined impact of revenue growth, operating leverage, and 
disciplined cost management. 
 
The Andhra Pradesh and Telangana cluster delivered strong performance, 
with revenues growing 30% year-on-year, driven by both higher volumes 
and improved ARPP IP. Operating EBITDA more than doubled during the 
quarter, with margins expanding significantly by 700 basis points to 18.3% 
highlighting the sharp operating leverage in this cluster. 
 
Moving to capex and expansion, our growth strategy continues to balance 
near-term operating performance with long-term capacity creation, 
anchored in disciplined expansion and return-driven capital deployment. 
Over the past year, we added 290 beds, taking Aster’s total capacity to 
5,449 beds as of March 31, 2026, and expanding our India network to  
20 hospitals, including Kasargod. This expansion has been both measured 
and demand-led, ensuring that capacity addition translates into 
sustainable growth. 
 
As part of this roadmap, we launched 159 beds at Block D in Aster 
Whitefield in April 2026—a dedicated women and childcare facility that 
strengthens our specialized capabilities in Bengaluru and addresses a 
growing demand segment. In the same month, we also operationalized  
75 beds at Ramesh Ongole, further augmenting our presence in the 
region. 
 
Looking ahead, we plan to add nearly 2,500 beds over the coming years 
through a balanced mix of greenfield and brownfield expansions, which 
will take our total capacity to over 8,150 beds. This includes planned 
brownfield expansion of 150 beds in MIMS Calicut as well as 130 beds in 
MIMS Kannur. Importantly, our expansion pipeline remains phased and 
closely aligned with demand visibility, ensuring that growth is delivered 
with capital efficiency as well as supporting  long-term returns. 
 
Beyond our operational performance, this quarter also brought strong 
validation of our clinical and leadership excellence through several 
prestigious global and national recognitions. 
 
At an institutional level, our hospitals continue to be recognized across 
leading platforms. In the Newsweek World’s Best Hospitals Rankings 2026, 
our facilities secured prominent positions in India, with Aster CMI Hospital 
ranked #12 and Aster Medcity ranked #28. This was further 
complemented by strong national recognition in the Times of India All 
India Rankings 2026, where Aster Medcity and Aster CMI were ranked 2nd 
and 5th respectively, while Aster MIMS secured the 9th position. 
 
At the leadership level, during the year, Dr. Azad Moopen received 
recognition on global platforms, having been featured among the Top 5 
Forbes Middle East Sustainability Leaders 2025 and in ‘The 100 NRIs 2026’ 
by Entrepreneur Middle East. This was further reinforced at the national 
level, where he was honored as a ‘Legend in the Healthcare Industry’ at 
FICCI Heal 2025. 

6 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
To conclude, this quarter reflects the strength of a well-defined and 
consistently executed model, where scale is driving improvements in case 
mix, operating leverage, and ultimately capital efficiency. 
 
The combined proforma performance reinforces the strategic merit of our 
merger with Quality Care, demonstrating that the benefits of scale and 
disciplined execution are already translating into stronger and more 
sustainable earnings. 
 
As we move through the final stage of regulatory approval, our focus 
remains firmly on execution excellence, capital efficiency, and attracting 
high-quality medical talent, as we continue to build a clinically superior, 
scalable platform positioned to deliver sustainable long-term value for all 
stakeholders.  
 
I now invite Mr. Varun Khanna to take you through the performance 
highlights of QCIL. 
Varun Khanna: 
Thank you Alisha. Good morning and Thank You for Joining us today. 
 
I am pleased to report that this quarter is yet another testament to the 
power of disciplined strategic execution and operational focus across the 
Quality Care India Limited. 
 
Our unwavering commitment to placing the Patient at the center of every 
initiative and our relentless focus on clinical outcomes, has once again 
translated into strong business performance. This quarter, we are proud 
to report a double-digit volume growth across the company, with several 
of our key markets delivering even stronger results. This reflects a 
consistent pattern of doing the things right, in the right way. 
 
Beyond volumes, our strategic priorities continue to gain meaningful 
traction: 
• 
We are making deliberate and measurable progress on enhancing 
clinical complexity, positioning QCIL as the destination of choice 
for advanced and high-acuity care.  
• 
Our work on CONGO-T is progressing well, and we are seeing the 
early fruits of that focus reflected in our operational metrics.  
o KIMS Health strengthened its position in Transplants, 
performing its first Heart Transplant in Q4 FY26. 
o Care Banjara installed a Cardiac Laser, which is the first of 
its kind in the QCIL system.  
• 
Our payor mix continues to be extremely key for us, and the 
team’s disciplined execution here continues to yield results 
quarter on quarter. 
 
This year we witnessed the coming together of a team, and the power of 
our people. People who are accountable, have the ability to motivate 
teams, and lead with purpose. The team at QCIL has come together in a 
cohesive and meaningful way and delivered industry-leading growth in 
FY26, while simultaneously working towards a merger that will create 
value for all of us. As a team we are excited for the journey ahead of us 
and are geared up towards a robust performance in coming year as well. 
 

7 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
So, let’s get to financial performance. Q4 FY26 witnessed a strong growth 
overall with a Revenue growth by 18% year-on-year to INR 1,178 crores. 
EBITDA grew 23% year-on-year to INR 272 crores. The EBITDA Margin 
expanded by 103 basis points Year-on-year to 23.1%. 
 
Revenue growth was driven by an increase in IP and OP volumes. QCIL 
treated and discharged 10% more patients in Q4 FY26, over the same 
period last year, serving 62,598 In-Patients. OP footfalls grew by 9% to 
~8.8 lakhs patients in that period. ARPP grew 7.4% to ~INR 135k. 
 
Our efforts to strengthen clinical offerings and clinical teams has resulted 
in a 97 basis points increase in CONGO-T revenue, which now forms 58% 
of total revenue, CONGO-T revenue grew ~20% in Q4 FY26 over Q4 FY25. 
Payor mix moved favorably to 79% from ‘cash + insurance’ up 98 basis 
points Year-on-year. 
 
EBITDA growth represents our concerted efforts in synergy realization 
across the network, including procurement centralization, continued 
focus on clinical talent recruitment and management, along with strong 
controls and turn-around in our focus units, where EBITDA contribution 
has improved to 19% from 14% in Q4 FY25. 
 
Let’s talk about the focus units first and then I’ll get to mature and 
emerging. Focus units contribute to ~29% of our revenue, delivered a 
major turnaround this year. Focus units recorded a double-digit revenue 
growth of 21%, all while improving efficiency to post a robust EBITDA 
growth of 66.6% Year-on-year resulting in a 422 basis points EBITDA 
margin expansion to 15.4%, a function of our continuous emphasis on 
patient centricity, and operating excellence in every aspect of our 
business. 
 
Let’s get to mature units which is a large part of our business. In Q4 FY26, 
~59% of revenue comes from the mature units and that delivered a 13.5% 
revenue growth Year-on-year, along with a 20.7% EBITDA growth Year-on-
year. The resulting EBITDA Margin witnessed an expansion of 198 basis 
points Year-on-year to reach 33.2%. Driven primarily through synergies 
and cost optimization efforts. 
 
Emerging units which are the newer units that we have, they contribute 
~7% of our revenue. They ramped up strongly, 62.4% year-on-year 
revenue growth and 44% Quarter on trailing Quarter EBITDA growth. The 
margin moved to 17.9% for this category, on a like to like quarter the 
EBITDA stands at INR 15 crores, which was INR 70 lakhs in Q4 FY25. 
 
For the full year financial performance, consolidating the strong quarter-
on-quarter performance QCIL registered a 17% revenue growth year-on-
year to INR 4,630 crores. The FY26 revenue growth has been supported by 
improvement in volumes and focus on strengthening clinical programs 
and teams. IP volumes grew by 7%, while OPD volumes grew 10% to ~35 
lakhs footfalls in our hospitals for the year. CONGO-T revenue increased 
23%, CONGO-T mix improved 270 basis points to 58.7% of total revenue. 
 
QCIL recorded an EBITDA of INR 1,066 crores, first time ever breaching the 
INR 1,000 crores mark, which represents a growth of 24.1% year-on-year. 
EBITDA Margin for the year stood at 23.0%, which is a 136 basis points 
expansion over the previous year. EBITDA growth was bolstered by 
activities to realize synergies across all our units including procurement 
centralization which contributed to INR 85 crores to the bottom-line. The 
FY26 EBITDA has been supported by the best-in-class operating EBITDA 

8 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
break-even at Nagercoil, which became EBITDA positive in 3 months of 
operations, Nagercoil contributed INR 30 crores to EBITDA, and currently 
stacks up at 28.5% EBITDA Margin for FY26. 
 
Continuing our clinical augmentation, we have maintained focus on doctor 
engagement models, talent acquisition and have onboarded 100+ 
doctors/clinical teams in FY26, which has aided the performance in 
volumes and specialized procedures. 
 
In Q4 FY26 we have reduced our ALOS by 2% to 3.9 days. 
 
KIMS Health making significant strides in Transplants, KIMS performed its 
first Cardiac Transplant, on a 10-year-old girl. In this quarter, KIMS Health 
has conducted 2 dual-organ transplants, a simultaneous kidney and 
pancreas transplant on a chronic diabetic, as well as a combined liver and 
kidney transplant on a 4-year-old child. 
 
The team at Care Hospitals performed a robotic procedure for a case of 
Abdominal Cocoon Syndrome, an extremely rare cause for intestinal 
obstruction.  
 
Care Hospitals has strengthened its Cardiac and Vascular programs, with 
the installation of its First Cardiac Laser at the Banjara Hills facility. Care 
Banjara performed the group’s first dual chamber leadless pacemaker 
implantation. Care Hospitals Bhubaneswar operated on a 4-year-old with 
Sub-Aortic VSD, the child was successfully discharged within 4 days of the 
procedure.  
 
Among 
CONGO-T 
specialties 
– 
Orthopedics, 
Neurology 
and 
Gastroenterology had an accelerated ramp-up this year, with each 
growing minimum 25% for FY26. 
 
The focus on high-acuity care is visible across our specialties. Robotic 
procedures more than doubled in FY26 and moved to 1,300+ procedures 
for the year, which is a 152% growth. 
 
Initiatives to accelerate growth for the next year and beyond. Expansion 
continues to remain a key strategic focus for our leadership. We are 
committed to growing our footprint both within our home markets and in 
new markets through greenfield builds, brownfield additions, and M&A. 
We have upgraded our near-term to mid-term expansion plans and intend 
to invest close to INR 2,000 crores to add over 1,700 beds in the next  
3-4 years Staying true to the mission that we have to improve accessibility 
to healthcare we plan to add ~1,300 of these ~1,700 beds in nonmetro 
markets. 
 
Of the total, ~1,500 beds are planned to be added through brownfield 
expansions while the balance ~200 will come from greenfield projects.  
 
We got a few awards which I’d like to mention:  
 
• 
CARE Hospitals has crossed *10 lakhs Subscribers on YouTube — 
making us the second hospital in India to have done so. 
• 
QCIL received the Green Health Award at the International 
Patient Safety Conference 2026. 
 
• 
CARE and KIMS both received multiple awards and recognitions 
in clinical care, patient safety and nursing excellence. 
 
 
We thank you for your participation this morning.  

9 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thank you Varun. Now I would request Mr. Ramesh to take through the 
detailed cluster wise performance of Aster DM 
Ramesh Kumar:  
Thank you, Mr. Varun, and good morning, everyone. 
 
I’ll begin with cluster performance for the quarter and full year, followed 
by key operational updates. 
 
Let me begin with Kerala cluster, which delivered a resilient performance 
this quarter, sustaining its contribution to growth. In Q4 FY26, the cluster 
reported revenues of INR 604 crores, reflecting a healthy 21% year-on-
year growth, despite the nurse strike during the quarter, the impact of 
which was limited. Excluding Kasargod, revenues grew 18% year-on-year 
to INR 587 crores, demonstrating the consistent strength of the core 
hospitals. 
 
The current quarter highlights a stable demand environment and a 
marked an improvement in the quality of revenue. Growth was 
significantly bolstered by a 51% year-on-year surge in MVT. While the 
macro headwinds led to a decline in MVT from the UAE, this loss was 
efficiently neutralized by business from Maldives and African markets, 
where renewed focus and stronger local partnerships have kept patient 
flows steady. Furthermore, performance was supported by consistent 
traction in oncology, a growing contribution from the Kasargod facility, 
and an 11% increase in inpatient volumes. A more complex case mix 
further drove a 5% increase in ARPP IP, rounding out a strong Q4 FY26. 
 
On the profitability side, in Q4 FY26, Operating EBITDA grew by 27% year-
on-year while excluding Kasargod, EBITDA increased 35% year-on-year, 
with margins expanding by 330 basis points to 25.6%. This is driven by a 
combination of operating leverage across mature assets, continued focus 
on reducing ALOS, and disciplined management of manpower and 
overhead costs. 
 
With ~3,000 beds and an expansion pipeline of over 800 beds, including 
recent brownfield additions of 130 beds at MIMS Kannur and 150 beds at 
MIMS Calicut, Kerala is well poised to sustain the growth momentum. 
 
Revenue for the K&M cluster reached INR 394 crores in Q4 FY26, 
representing an 11% year-on-year growth fueled by robust realization. 
This performance was underpinned by a 21% increase in ARPP IP, driven 
by a higher volume of complex procedures in Cardiology and 
Neurosciences and de-empanelment of a low-yielding government 
schemes at Aster Aadhar. 
 
The cluster's operational efficiency and clinical expertise were further 
evidenced by the continued traction in the MVT segment, alongside a 
significant growth in advanced interventions, by focusing on targeted 
hiring for key doctor positions, the Karnataka sub-segment successfully 
improved its operating metrics and achieved a 3% year-on-year growth in 
Inpatient (IP) volumes for the quarter. This shift toward higher clinical 
complexity and talent acquisition resulted in a 25% year-on-year increase 
in operational EBITDA at the cluster level. Consequently, margins were 
also expanded by over 260 basis points to reach 24.5%, positioning the 
cluster for more consistent and sustainable growth moving forward. 
 
In A&T, the cluster reported a strong growth in Q4 FY26, with revenue 
increasing by 30% year-on-year, driven by higher inpatient volumes and a 
13% increase in ARPP IP, supported by a 200 basis points improvement in 

10 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
CONGO mix. Operating EBITDA registered a sharp 113% year-on-year 
growth in Q4 FY26, with margins improving to 18.3% in Q4 FY26 with over 
700 basis points expansion. Within the cluster, Aster Ramesh Hospitals 
group had a strong revenue growth of 32% year-on-year in Q4 FY26 with 
robust 118% year-on-year EBITDA growth in A&T cluster. Further to this, 
we have operationalized 75 beds in Ramesh Ongole as per the planned 
expansion strategy. 
 
Overall, the quarter reflects steady progress across Kerala and Karnataka 
clusters and a sharp turnaround in A&T. We are seeing the benefits of our 
focused efforts on case mix, capacity utilization and cost discipline 
translating into improved operating performance. With strengthened 
clinical teams and a clear expansion roadmap, we are well positioned to 
sustain this growth trajectory and deliver consistent performance going 
ahead. 
 
Thank you. I’ll now hand it over to Sunil for a detailed review of the 
financial performance. 
Sunil Kumar:  
Thank you Ramesh. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to share Aster 
DM Healthcare’s financial performance for Q4 FY26: 
For the quarter ended 31st March 2026, excluding our newly launched 
Kasaragod hospital for the first 6 months, despite the global headwinds, 
Aster India’s revenue increased to INR 1,166 crores, reflecting a strong 
growth of 17% from INR 1,000 crores in Q4 FY25. Operating EBITDA 
increased to INR 253 crores, with a margin of 21.7%, compared to INR 193 
crores in Q4 FY25, registering a growth of 31%. Normalised PAT (Post NCI) 
for the quarter stood at INR 153 crores, compared to INR 106 crores in Q4 
FY25, reflecting a growth of 45% year-on-year. 
For the year ended 31st March 2026, excluding the newly launched 
Kasaragod hospital, India revenues increased to INR 4,617 crores, up by 
12% from INR 4,138 crores in FY25. Operating EBITDA increased to INR 969 
crores, with a margin of 21.0% in FY26 as compared to INR 806 crores in 
FY25, registering a growth of 20%. Normalised PAT (Post NCI) for FY26 
stood at INR 451 crores, compared to INR 357 crores in FY25, reflecting a 
growth of 26% year-on-year. 
Moving to segmental performance, our hospital segment continued to 
deliver consistent and strong performance during the  quarter. Excluding 
Kasaragod, revenues grew by a healthy 17% year-on-year, while Operating 
EBITDA grew by 31%, leading to a 240-basis-point improvement in 
margins. Importantly, performance was consistent across hospitals at 
different stages of maturity. 
Our mature hospitals, which are above seven years old, contributing ~80% 
of the hospitals and clinical revenue delivered 16% revenue growth and 
14% Operating EBITDA growth, operating at a robust ROCE of 36.5%. 
Hospitals in the 3–7-year maturity bucket recorded 23% revenue growth 
and a strong 21% growth in Operating EBITDA, with ROCE improving by 
470 basis points to 23.8%. Our newer assets, which are less than three 
years old, saw revenue growth of 15%. 
Turning to our diagnostics business, I am pleased to share that Aster Labs 
has successfully delivered a turnaround since the start of FY25. Operating 
EBITDA margins have expanded from negative 7.6% in FY24 to positive 
7.6% in FY25 and further to 12.8% in FY26, driven by a robust 32% year-
on-year growth in external business, enhanced operating leverage, and 

11 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
improved material cost efficiencies. This turnaround has translated into a 
healthy ROCE of 27%, a remarkable recovery from the negative levels a 
year ago. 
For the year ended 31st March 2026, our capital expenditure stood at INR 
549 crores, with approximately 45% allocated towards expansion projects. 
We continue to maintain a robust liquidity position, with cash and cash 
equivalents of INR 1,327 crores, while our gross debt remains moderate 
at INR 701 crores. Additionally, we have seen a significant improvement in 
ROCE increasing by over 180 basis points from 19.5% to 22.8% excluding 
Kasargod. 
We have operationalized Whitefield Block D with 159 beds and Aster 
Ramesh Sanghamitra Ongole (Brownfield expansion) with 75 beds in April 
2026. Over the next four years, we plan to add ~2,500 beds at the cost of 
INR 2700 crores. Of this INR 350 crores has been invested up to March 
2026, with the remaining amount to be deployed over the next 3-4 years, 
supporting our next phase of growth while maintaining our focus on 
disciplined capital allocation and sustainable profitability. 
With this, we have laid a solid foundation for future growth. As we move 
forward, we are confident of building on this momentum with the same 
discipline and focus. 
On that note, I conclude my remarks and hand it over to Puneet to begin 
the Q&A session. Thank you.  
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Sunil. Dear participants, during the Q&A session, you will get a 
chance to ask a question by raising your hands through the raise hand icon 
in the Zoom application at the bottom of your window. We will call out 
your name after which your line will be un-muted, and you will be able to 
ask your questions. I would also like to request to all the participants, if 
you can introduce yourself with your name and the company that you are 
associated with before asking the question.  
If you are not associated with any company, and you are an individual 
investor, you can highlight that as well.  
Moving on to the Q&A session now, the first question is from Mr. Tausif.  
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Good morning. Hi, this is Tausif from BNP Paribas. First question is to 
Varun; can you tell us where the industry currently stands with the 
common insurance and empanelment with private insurers and which 
gives uniform pricing with private insurers? Any of the hospital Aster or 
QCIL has been onboarded in this policy, and do you see this is a threat for 
the private hospital chains in coming years? 
 
Varun Khanna:  
Good morning, Tausif. So, Tausif, first of all, I think the empanelment piece 
has been in play for a while. It's not new. From a data standpoint, I don't 
think, well, I'm sure that at least in QCIL, we haven't signed up on this, and 
I'm assuming Aster hasn't as well. I have also not seen large-tier hospitals 
get onto this platform. 
 
 
I think fundamentally, while a lot of conversations have happened, there 
are two things that are bothering the industry around it. One is data 
privacy. Still, I don't think the insurance companies have really figured out 
a way to ensure data privacy across so many hospitals and the other is 
transparency as to how this is being done. Right, so till that gets sorted, I 
think this is still a framework that's been worked upon, is the way I see it. 

12 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
But Varun, do you see this as a threat for private hospitals, if it's 
completely adopted by the industry? 
 
Varun Khanna:  
Well, it cannot be done unilaterally, Tausif. It can only be done if private 
hospitals want to accept it. And that, you know, there are two ways to see 
this. It can actually save you a lot of costs on empanelment, etc., if it is done 
right. So, there are benefits and merits to doing it as well. But the current 
avatar, is somebody going to get onto the bandwagon? My sense is no, so I 
would say it’s not coercive if that’s the question. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Second question to Ramesh on the Kerala piece, I think despite the month 
of Ramadan the MVT business has grown significantly especially in Kerala. 
Ramesh, can you give some colour and also what is the current status of 
MVT patients? Have they started flowing in last couple of weeks?  
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Thank you for that question. Kerala story has done well again. Overall 
performance has been really good. Especially MVT, has done 41% year-on-
year growth has been registered. We have seen attraction from across the 
Middle East as well as Maldives and African countries. There is a flow of 
patients coming in from all these areas. Now, in the last few days, in the 
Middle East we have found that especially, from Oman and UAE less 
number of patients are flowing in, but we have tried to keep that boat 
steady, by more number of Maldives patients, we have started focusing 
on African countries and there is a steady flow which has been happening. 
So, we are trying to mitigate the losses through the expanded coverage 
what we have now. So, we are trying to ensure that the impact is not much 
felt and still continue to perform well. Maldives have been contributing 
more now. 
 
Tausif Shaikh:  
Thanks Ramesh, just last piece of question on Kerala, where do you stand 
currently on the nurses’ issue? Has there been any negotiation between 
the private hospital and the nurses? Can you highlight the total number of 
nurses in Kerala for Aster DM Healthcare and how many of them are 
currently working with a minimum wage of INR 20,000? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
When we talk about minimum wages and the strike that happened in 
Kerala, this started sometime in the mid of March. At that point in time, 
their demand was that they wanted the government to release the GO. 
Every five years, the Government of Kerala issues a gazette notification for 
the basic pay—to have it issued by the government. But here, at this point 
in time, we have around 4,300 nurses approximately in Kerala. 
All these nurses are paid the basic pay according to the government 
notification. The new notification is yet to come. They first started the 
strike asking the government to release the GO. At that point in time, the 
Kerala government had released an interim GO, which would take 60 days 
for them to go back and rectify the same. The nurses, of course (the United 
Nurses Association (UNA)) didn’t want to wait for that time and they 
continued with the strike, demanding the private hospitals to take it (basic 
salary) up to INR 40,000 per nurse. But as such, we have the private 
hospital association, and we were also a part of it, and we requested them. 
On April 13th, we had a negotiation with them as well, and the 
government or the court had redirected us, especially the private 
hospitals, to mediate and get the things done. So we have spoken to them 
and on April 13th, we have come to a settlement with them.  
And yeah, the strike is called off. 

13 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Thank you Ramesh. Can I just ask Mr. Wilson also to add to that? 
 
T.J. Wilson:  
Thanks Tausif. That’s a good question, actually. So even though the 
demand was that they were asking for a basic salary of INR 40,000, 
actually, we were able to conclude by giving only a small increase, and the 
overall impact may not be significant actually. We used to give an annual 
increment every April, so this time we had to give something more than 
that one actually. Our total impact in Kerala will be INR 5–6 crores. so, 
that’s what we have given. Total increment what we have offered is; at 
Calicut we have given INR 3,500 per nurse, in Kochi that became INR 4,000, 
and in the remaining places it is INR 3,250. That’s the increment we have 
given. They were asking for a significant amount, like they mentioned INR 
40,000 as the basic salary. So, we were able to negotiate and conclude 
that one in a very nice manner. All the nurses are back. 
 
 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Thanks, I’ll get back in the queue. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari:  
Thanks Tausif. The next question is from Damayanti. Damayanti, can you 
please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Hi, good morning all and thank you for the opportunity. My first question 
is on ARPOB and IP volume trends, very strong across the clusters. So just 
want to understand from the management first, what are the key 
initiatives which are currently underway and which should help Aster to 
continue similar momentum in coming quarters? And what kind of 
headroom you have in terms of growing the CONGO-T contribution for 
your business? So that's my first question. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Thanks Damayanti. For Aster, for the Q4 as you called out, we had a very 
good IP growth, almost 7%. But also, this includes a negative 8% growth in 
the K&M cluster also. I just want to call out in advance that the 8% 
negative growth is because of the de-empanelment of the low-yield 
schemes which even Alisha called out. If you remove that, you're going to 
get into the positive 3% growth. So that way, all our clusters, whether it's 
a Kerala cluster, K&M cluster, or A&T cluster, everyone has done really 
well. 
 
In terms of the growth capacity, there are multiple things which we're 
working on. One is that we're strengthening all our processes, whether it's 
doctor engagement programs, or whether it's the OP-to-OP process, or 
OP-to-IP conversion process or the call center management. So, we're 
looking into all those things and we're driving it. But the primary thing will 
be the doctor acquisition. The doctor acquisition is something at which we 
are very strong and we also called out saying that in the last six months, 
we have added, more new doctors, other than the replacements. We have 
added 36+ new doctors in the last 6 months alone. That is something 
which we are expecting the ramp up to happen. And with the continued 
growth, whatever we have done currently with the 7%, that's a fantastic 
growth to continue to happen over the next medium term. 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Yeah, just to add to what Sunil's saying, I think you're asking about the 
CONGO mix, right? So, this is where I think there's a huge room for us to 
improve. We are sitting at, I think, a blended level now, 55% CONGO 
contribution. We think we can definitely take it up to 60% and then 65% 
as well. You see a lot of the groups in that direction. So that's something 

14 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
which will actually give us a good headroom to further improve the 
numbers especially on the acuity and ARPOB and stuff. 
 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Sure, that's helpful. Thank you for that. So, continuing the point on doctor 
engagement. So again, I think I want to have some more color on what is 
helping you to get doctors because what we understand in markets like 
Bangalore, the competition is really intense. So, what are the key 
strategies again, which is helping you to attract the best clinical talent and 
also the strategies for retaining the talent which you have in your 
network? 
 
Alisha Moopen: 
Ramesh, would you like to come in? 
 
Ramesh Kumar: 
Yeah, surely. So, overall, the last few months, we have added a good 
number of clinicians. Rightly said, some of the star clinicians were 
onboarded. And pretty much the reason, why they were convinced to join 
Aster is a simple one. One, we had a bigger vision for Aster and especially 
when it comes to, as you rightly mentioned, about Bangalore market, it is 
very competitive and we are having not only three units now and we are 
adding another two more units in Bangalore. 
 
So, it's quite visible for them that what is the vision of Aster. So that is one 
attraction to all the clinicians who have joined. Secondly, we are also 
looking at high-end procedures and niche segments. High-end work has 
been happening, like the robotic transplants. So, there is a good amount 
of, kind of faith in Aster and Aster's work which has been happening. 
 
That has also been attracting most of the clinicians and they find that 
especially when it comes to CONGO mix, in certain areas we are truly 
leaders, especially in neurosciences, and in oncology, we are getting there. 
So, in some of the CONGO mix also, I think we have good clinicians on 
board. That is also attracting other clinicians to join us and expand each 
department and also attract more patients. So that's where I think ring 
fencing these clinicians, of course, we have our vision for each and every 
specialty very clear and the clinical excellence pathway, what we have 
been engaging then, be it technology, be it investment in whatever, and 
also the branding and taking it to the next level. I think that is where the 
clinicians are quite happy about, and they are pretty much with Aster. 
Damayanti Kerai:  
Sure. And just, I think, I want to hear Mr. Khanna's thought also on the 
clinical talent engagement. Again, anything or similar strategy for QCIL as 
well which is working for you? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Thank you Damayanti. So essentially, I'll go back to why a clinician would 
join more than what we are succeeding with because it is a lot to do with 
four or five elements that a clinician looks at. I think the first and foremost 
is relationships, and our relationships in the market, the transparency that 
we operate with is probably top tier. The second part is we are developing 
a model. In fact, in one of the previous quarterly results, I've spoken about 
developing CliniQ because our focus on clinical independence and 
outcome is so significant, that is also yielding a lot of gains from a volume 
standpoint. And that is what the clinician wants. The clinician really wants 
that you should allow them clinical independence. You should be focused 
on outcomes.  You should be able to draw referral volume into the center 
because of the good work that you're doing. That coupled with the 
technology investments that we're making is another big reason why 

15 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
clinicians really want to move. And I think the last part is largely 
commercial. And we are top tier in that too. So, I think that is the holistic 
mix. Now it depends on one to the other as to which one plays out more 
than the other, but I think our ability to connect, to forge alliances, 
relationships, partner, is better than anybody else today.  
 
Damayanti Kerai: 
Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you, team. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Damayanti. The next question is coming from Mr. Kunal. Kunal, 
can you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Kunal Randeria: 
Yeah, hi, good morning. So, my first question is on, you know, QCIL. So, I 
see that the mature units have grown 14% as of the focused units. So, just 
wondering what the growth drivers can be going forward because some 
of the things seem to be very well optimized like payor mix or ALOS. So, 
would it be the case mix or will it be the expansion, you know, going 
forward? Just want to get your thoughts, sir.  
 
Varun Khanna: 
Thank you, Kunal. So, Kunal, the growth drivers for each one of those 
categories is slightly different. So, let me try and give you some color on 
that. So, the good part is our mature has continued to grow. Our mature 
hospitals are currently growing 13.5 -14% on the top and 20-plus percent 
on the bottom line. And they are in excess of 30% EBITDA profile as well. 
So, what's working for us there is still enhancing complexity. Alisha spoke 
about it and let me just reiterate the same thing. We are currently at about 
59% CONGO-T mix. And my sense is we will continue to grow that, because 
I told you that we are under-leveraged on oncology and that is one piece 
that we've still not got our investments rolling. In fact, this year onwards, 
on to the next two years, you'll see a significant growth in oncology 
volume in our network. So that will play out from a mature hospital 
standpoint. If you look at our emerging and focused assets, we're still sub 
20% EBITDA in there. We've done extremely well. But the runway is still a 
long way for us to grow. 
Various things are playing out. So, one, wherever we have under 
occupancy, I think we're bringing in the clinical talent that is required to 
fill up the gaps that we have. It's called the golden few in our parlance. If 
we missed out something in one of those hospitals, we try and bring that 
talent. What is interesting is that, you know, brands have a long legacy. 
And some of the work that we're doing in Hyderabad, essentially in the 
Care, is bringing doctors who left us back because we've always stood for 
ethics. We've always stood for integrity. The consumer value perception 
is phenomenal around the brand. And with the investments that we are 
making, some of these assets are doing extremely well. In fact, you know, 
the Hyderabad is a sticky market, we've always known that. In fact, two 
years back, when I came here, one of you would ask me about what will 
happen to Hyderabad. So, Hyderabad has started to grow so significantly, 
we are now seeing huge growth on the top in terms of volume and EBITDA 
has grown 66 odd percent. So, I think different levers for each one of those 
categories and currently all seem to be firing. 
 
Kumal Randeria: 
So, I assume you meant it's across the units, right? The emerging, the new 
ones and even the focused units, right? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
 If you see the growth percentages, it's across all units. So, our focus units 
have grown top 25 odd percent, our mature have grown 14 odd percent, 
our emerging have grown 60 odd percent. So yeah, the play out is across 
the network. 

16 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Kumal Randeria: 
The second point is on the synergies between the two companies. I was 
given to understand that a lot of these synergies will start flowing in once 
the merger consummates between the company. But I think in your 
presentation you mentioned almost 200 basis points, I think INR 85 crores 
of synergies that you're seeing in Care. Are we seeing something similar in 
Aster also? And if that is the case, then going forward, once the merger 
completes, would there be even more synergies, more than what you 
have booked so far? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
 First of all, the synergies that I've alluded to are pre-Aster QCIL merger. So, 
these are, you've got to understand that within QCIL also, we are in a way 
merging three companies. We acquired Care, Evercare in Bangladesh, and 
KIMS in Trivandrum and Tamil Nadu. So that's the synergy that I'm 
referring to.  So, bringing the three entities together has also given us 
synergies on account of procurement, on account of insourcing of food, a 
lot in terms of AMC, etc. And that is the INR 85 crores that I alluded to. 
We've still not started the work on Aster QCIL synergies really, and they 
will start to flow in post-merger. 
 
Kumal Randeria: 
Great, sir. Just one more question if I can on Aster. Sir, on the Greenfield 
expansion, you have around 200 capacity beds in the next couple of years 
So, just wondering how will the cost profile move going forward and the 
margin impact, if any, that we should expect only in Aster's business in the 
next couple of years? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Kunal, if you look at the last year, you saw only Kasargod commencing the 
operations sometime in October. And if you look at the margin profile, the 
impact is hardly 60 basis points. Because we closed at 20.4 in FY26, 
including Kasargod. If you remove the Kasargod, in which approximately 
we have, a bit of losses somewhere in the negative of around INR 19 to 20 
crores. So, it's probably 21%. It's only 60 basis points, which is impact. And 
again, it's our own cluster. So, we expect to bounce back very quickly and 
break even in a quarter or two. Next in the FY27 you look at we have got 
already two Brownfield expansion which have started. One is our Aster 
Whitefield Block D which already commenced operations in April and also 
the other unit is in Ongole which is another 75 beds on the existing 
hospital. We commenced that also in April. That means we got almost 200 
plus beds of Brownfield expansion which is usually you can see that it is a 
bit accretive.  
 
Just to give an example, a year back in Kannur, we were running at 300 
beds. We added 100 beds, the margin expanded by 400 basis points. It 
went from 18.5 to 22.5, good thing is that, in this year, already, you're 
starting with the Brownfield expansion, which is EBITDA accretive. 
Secondly, this year we are expecting only Trivandrum to commence 
sometime in October, that's only the H2 beginning and you know already 
in Trivandrum, it's part of the Kerala cluster. Second, QCIL entity KIMS 
already is present there. It's very under-penetrated. So, we expect to do 
really well. So even whatever the losses come in, it's hardly any dilution. 
Even with those losses, I expect from the current year EBITDA margin 
should only grow. The third point is also very important to note is that with 
the merger, very much hindsight, sometime in quarter one, you should 
see that majority of the period will be under the merged entity. Varun also 
called out that Synergy is going to start after the merged entity, that's 
something which we're already working on, and I think we will hit the 

17 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
ground from the day one and that should also bring and help us in ensuring 
stability on the margins and also grow in the margins. So that way, with all 
these levers being there, from the cluster presence to the brownfield 
expansion already there, and also towards the synergy coming in, we don't 
expect any margin dilution and year-on-year we'll grow in the margins. 
 
Kumal Randeria: 
Good to hear that, sir and all the best. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Kunal. We would request you to limit your question to two, but 
not more than three per participant at a time. The next question is coming 
from Mr. Siddharth. Siddharth, can you please unmute yourself and ask 
the question? 
 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Fairly 
strong set of numbers. I have a few questions. I'll take my top three. What 
were the primary challenges in the slow growth even in Karnataka IP 
volumes which were at 3% versus 8-9% in the overall group? And within 
that, if you could give us some understanding, you mentioned that there 
was a degrowth because of Aster Aadhaar. Was that a negative margin 
scheme that you took away and how should one think of recouping that 
set of patients? So that was question number one. Question number two 
is, if you could give us a sense of what's the share of Chemo and dialysis 
within Onco and Nephro which I would assume is more daycare and 
therefore brings down the ALOS and question three was if you could share 
any specific AI or robotics implementation that you’re doing within Aster 
or QCIL. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Let me jump in Siddharth with the first two questions. One is on the 
Karnataka. You are saying that if IP volume for other thing is at least in the 
high single digit to a double digit, why K&M cluster is at 3%? As I have 
called out very clearly, what we exited is a low-yield schemes. I think we 
have very clearly called out, it is a government scheme, it is a low-yield 
scheme. The ARPOB compared to a cash market, it is less than 50%. That's 
how it's been and good thing is that we exited that. Also, one of the 
reasons we exited also is that there's a capacity bottleneck in Aster 
Aadhar. It's already running at 75% occupancy. We will be looking at how 
to expand in Kolhapur also. At the same time, we want to see that 
whatever the capacity we have, we optimize for the cash and TPA patients. 
Second, in the K&M, we have a positive 3% growth. There are two parts, 
one is that competition intensity is very high, and maybe before that, let 
me take a step back. If you look at a FY24 and FY25, in K&M cluster, we've 
been growing more than 20%. That's mainly because of our Aster 
Whitefield Hospital, which started two years back. And the ramp-up was 
really good. We achieved INR 44 crores per month in less than two years 
and that is a ramp-up, if you want to compare, CMI hospital took more 
than six years to achieve that. That's a very fast ramp-up. And we can't 
expect the same revenue ramp-up at 20 plus percentage when a unit has 
already reached a mature phase now. So, keeping that in mind, that's also 
one of the reasons why the revenue growth has tapered down to around 
10-11% and volume has been around 3% growth. But at the same time, 
we also had competition intensity, especially in the north of Bangalore.  
We had attrition of one or two teams also. And good thing, I also called 
out saying that we got them back already. Second most important thing I 
think we didn't call out, one of the general surgery or other team which 
left in Q3 due to the competition, joined back in Q4. That basically shows 
the strength of our clinical ecosystem and the management what we do 

18 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
there. That's a very, very strong. So, we don't expect this to be the norm.  
So, we expect to go to mid to high single digit. Good thing is that all the 
doctors what we have gotten now, already they're in the stability. So, we 
expect the volumes to trickle down in next one to two quarters. Second 
also is that you see that April already we launched the Brownfield Hospital 
also, which is the Block D Whitefield, which is a women & children 
hospital. Also, we have doubled the number of doctors there. We had 
around 10 or 11 doctors and we have added another 11 doctors there. So 
that is something due to which ramp up is expected to be really good. So, 
whatever you see is that the 3% is just a one-off thing, it's not a structural 
issue. We should bounce back very easily. Second on the Onco, usually the 
broad contribution is that medical oncology is approximately 50-60%. 30-
35% come from surgical oncology of the whole oncology and 10-15% from 
radiation. Out of the medical oncology, you can see 60% will be chemo 
and 40% usually is in the immunotherapy and targeted therapies, what we 
do. I hope that answers the question. Alisha or someone who wants to 
take up the AI? 
Varun Khanna: 
Let me take the AI question. So, Sid, thanks for the question. You know, 
this is more of an academic question than currently in terms of what's 
happening on the ground. So essentially, AI will, in the near term to mid-
term, impact patient safety, the operating world, financials, and clinical. 
As a company, we've already started working on all four tiers. So, if you 
ask us what the early successes are, we've been able to bring in CDSS, 
which is AI-enabled, we’ve been able to bring in call center support, which 
is AI enabled. We're looking at solutions that can actually save time for the 
doctors when the patient comes into the OPD by pre-populating some of 
the EMR work through AI. 
 
We're looking at significant clinical augmentation happening through AI. 
So, there are two parts to that. One is looking at radiology, getting more 
efficient. As I told you last time, we are setting up Asia's first radiotherapy 
platform, which will be AI-enabled. This is the first EOP platform that 
Electa has sold in India as well as in Asia, which is AI enabled. So, a lot 
happening on all four of these sites. We're also mindful that some of the 
newer technologies on AI are currently a huge cost and they're used cases 
from a revenue generation standpoint, and they haven't seen the light of 
the day. So, I think we are being very particular in terms of technology, 
because technology is galore, but in terms of what we can really use to 
enhance our metrics is something that we're mindful of. On the sales 
front, we've seen significant improvement with our CRMs now getting AI 
enabled, our call centers getting AI enabled, and our conversion ratios 
have gone significantly better. So, all of that is playing out, and that's how 
the volumes have gone to a 10% kind of a growth as you see on the IP and 
double-digit growth on the OP as well. I don't know if there's a specific 
question that you wanted to ask, but it's a broad-based question that you 
touched upon, so I'm probably giving a little bit of a broad. 
Siddharth Negandhi: 
No, I think this does give, Varun, I think this is fairly helpful in terms of, 
what you're planning, and I concur with you, that AI is probably, fairly early 
stage and theoretical today. But given that there is a merger, you're going 
to be leading the entity. It does help to get a color from you. So, thank you 
so much for that. And just a follow up on what Sunil mentioned on some 
of the challenges in Karnataka. You'd mentioned, so I get the capacity 
bottleneck in Kolhapur but for the rest of the hospitals, you also called out 
some other sort of capacity utilization. Is there a bottleneck elsewhere? 

19 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Because that seems to be more like mid 50s occupancy. So there does 
seem to be capacity, right? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Yes, Siddharth. In K&M, we have capacity. For example, Aster CMI is at 
60% plus occupancy, Aster RV is at 69%, in Aster Whitefield we have added 
150 beds so, if you include that, it (Aster Whitefield) has got still only 55% 
plus occupancy. So, I think we have got a great runway in Karnataka cluster 
to add beds. We are also coming with Sarjapur in next one more year and 
we have Yeswanthpur in three more years So, I think we got a very good 
runway towards it. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Siddharth. The next question is coming from Mr. Amey. Amey, can 
you please unmute yourself and ask the question? 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Yeah. Thank you for giving an opportunity to ask a question and congrats 
to the management on a good set of numbers. So, first question I have for 
Varun ji. So, we were intended to spend close to 500 crores in Hyderabad 
cluster to get that cluster to its potential. Has that investment over and 
where it has been spent? And, along with this, if you can give us the CAPEX 
guidance for the QCIL for next two years. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Thank you. I don't know where the INR 500 crores number is essentially, 
but the work that we are doing in Hyderabad is turning every asset around. 
So, we've completed Banjara. Let me stick to Banjara for a minute. We are 
also now working this year to enhance oncology services in Banjara. So, 
we'll be able to bring in radiation in Banjara, which is going to be a 
significant bump up. We operate an OPD building there and it will also be 
an IPD building going forward. So those are the plans that we've laid out 
for Banjara and therefore a significant transformation is going to happen 
there. Hitech, as I mentioned to you earlier, is doing extremely well as an 
asset. We've grown 65-70% of the top over quarterly averages last year to 
this year. So that's been a significant upside as well. Now we are working 
on the Nampally asset, we are sprucing it up because I think it needs a 
little bit of work, which will allow us to enhance our ARPOB and also be 
able to take significant higher footfall. This also comes along with adding 
clinical capability across the board. So, every asset will see clinical 
enhancement. And as I told you, Hyderabad is one market where we're 
being seen very favorably. It's not a market that has grown volumes very 
significantly, but the fact that we've been able to grow the market well 
ahead of our competitors should give you a sense that I think we're being 
preferred both by the consumers and doctors alike.  
 
So that's happening. In terms of the overall bed capacity expansion, I think 
I give you a sense about 1,700 odd beds will get added. 2,000 odd crores 
of expense will happen for those 1,700 beds, which is what we call the 
project capex. This will be revenue accretive because 1,500 of these 1,700 
beds are actually brownfield. Only 200 is Greenfield and therefore I'm 
desperately looking forward to these beds coming in because they're 
coming in assets where we need more capacity. And as I mentioned to you 
earlier, wherever we are in the mature setup, our strategy has been 
adding more beds, adding more capacity, and bring more complexity.  So, 
we are kind of firing all cylinders onto that and so far, so good. We are 
hopeful that Bhubaneswar as well as Raipur, both the assets will get 
incremental capacity and clinical complexity from oncology standpoint as 
well. Outside of that, our guidance on CAPEX has always been clear. We've 
stuck to the same number. 5% is the CAPEX spend when it comes to the 

20 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
annual CAPEX spend to spruce up the existing facility or to add clinical 
programs. So generally, the breakup is 3-2, which is 3% is spent in terms 
of refreshing what we've already spent and 2% becomes incremental 
every year. That's the cost for running the business. So, we stick to that. 
We're again very prudent in terms of managing those spends. As I 
mentioned, as a part of the synergy between KIMS, so that I'm very clear 
between KIMS and Care, we've already started to find synergy in the 
procurement of equipment as well. And this is pretty significant. So, the 
5% spend earlier and the 5% spend now is giving us significantly more than 
what it used to give earlier. So, I think that's how all of this is working out 
so far. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And this year, we have ended at around 16-17% top-line growth and 
around 1-1.5% margin basis points expansion. Looking at the 
improvement we are doing across the clusters ahead, as well as the 
around, I think, 900-bed addition we are doing for next two years at least. 
So, you expect this growth momentum and the margin expansion to 
continue for next two years? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Yes, I do. I mean, we've gone to a solid start, and I do see that the margin 
expansion as well as the top line growth will continue. I think the strategy 
is firing. And again, strategies are not made for a year. I think the last year 
has just been a testimony of the fact that what we've started is the right 
thing to do, and which is where we started to see the numbers roll in. As I 
mentioned, our team's rock solid, very committed, and we're reasonably 
sure that we'll continue to add to what we've done last year. 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure, thank you so much. I just have last question on Aster. On the 
Whitefield unit particularly, I think Karnataka cluster has looking like it is 
coming out of woods quickly after these leadership changes. But if you can 
give some clarity, how is the occupancy now in Whitefield for FY26, how 
it has moved year-on-year and what profitability this unit is working on so 
that we can get some sense what potential it has in terms of the EBITDA 
addition for next two years? Thank you so much. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
On the occupancy, currently it's at 60%, and that's only for the block A, B, 
and C, which is the existing one. Now that the block C is going to the block 
D and that's another 159 beds getting added, that's a separate road path 
what we have. In addition to that, the empty 50 beds which is there, that 
will be integrated to the existing multispecialty hospital and also, for the 
Aster CMI, where we are coming to another year or so, we'll have the 100 
beds expansion on top of the existing hospital and their existing occupancy 
is 56% so, there is a good room. but only thing in Aster's RV because it's 
just a 250-bed hospital without having oncology there. There the runway 
is a little lesser because currently already occupancy is at 66%, but still, 
you can go up to 75-80% occupancy, so that room is already there. And 
from the EBITDA margin point of view, I think only in the Whitefield you 
ask for, it's already in the high teens, right? High teens are the margin. 
With the Whitefield coming up, I think then you can look at more than mid 
20s is the margin what we are expecting to reach. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks Amey, we would like to highlight that we’ll be giving preference to 
attendees who haven’t asked their questions before, so in that line The 
next question is from Mr. Vivek. Vivek, can you please unmute yourself 
and ask the question? 
 

21 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just have a couple of questions. One was 
with regards to the performance in the Andhra and Telangana unit. The 
growth has been outstanding in that particular cluster. So just wanted to 
understand what steps or have you taken any particular steps to do the 
course correction and going forward, what can we expect in terms of a 
sustainable level in terms of both revenue and margins for the cluster? 
 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Vivek, thanks for the question. See, there are three main hospitals. One is 
the Ramesh Hospitals Group. Then we have two hospitals which is the 
Hyderabad Aster Prime which is a smaller 150 beds and Narayanadri 
Hospital in Tirupati which is the 150-odd beds again. So, in this, the two 
hospitals specifically driving the growth is the Narayanadri Hospitals and 
also Aster Ramesh Hospitals.  Narayanadri Hospital was opened up almost 
three years back. It's doing really well. Even in the current year, we've seen 
a 46% growth in the revenue and almost 75% plus growth in EBITDA. 
Because one of the good things why the Narayanadri Hospital is growing 
really well is that we are able to add good clinicians there and also the 
market is underserved currently. So, we are able to execute things at the 
right time and also in major of the specialties like cardiac and ortho and 
other general specialties, we are able to handle at the second in line also. 
That is helping us in taking more volumes. And also, we will be looking at 
now to convert some of the general wards into single rooms. so that we 
can expect more ARPOB growth also. The second big change what we have 
seen is the Ramesh hospitals. Ramesh hospitals were little stagnant for 
last couple of years, and they also lost few doctors in the quarter 1 & 2. 
And, in addition to that, when the attrition happened, they added 
clinicians in 3-4 specialties including the Nephrology, Pediatric 
Department, Ortho and Cardiology, that was their stronghold. After the 
end of December, we have seen a good growth momentum and it's not a 
one-off growth what we have seen. 
 
 
Last four months and even the April trends are looking very similar. With 
that, they have achieved more than 32% revenue growth. And why EBITDA 
has been growing? It's very simple: because you are sitting on a low base. 
We ensured that there is a good operating leverage which is working 
currently. We are holding on to the cost, not jumping into hiring more 
manpower. We can leverage on the existing fixed costs which are already 
there. And because it's one or two months, I would have said it's just a 
one-off and we've seen a good runway for the last four to five months. 
And I think we will expect to continue to grow maybe not in the similar 
manner, but the runway that we have created, I think we expect Ramesh 
hospitals to continue to do well. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Thank you for the detailed answer. Secondly, just wanted to understand 
from Varun about the QCIL expansion. So, two things here. One is, if you 
could provide the expansion plan by cluster for QCIL. And secondly, what 
you had mentioned about the QCIL expansion budget, which is around INR 
2000 crores for 1700 beds of which 1500 is approximately brownfield. So 
just wanted to understand the per bed capex that you plan on doing 
approximately for the brownfield and the greenfield units that QCIL has in 
its pipeline. 
 
Varun Khanna: 
The blended value of a per bed will vary by which hospital, what kind of 
expansion are we doing. But per bed generally comes about INR 1-1.1 
crores. That's what the number would be for you to take back. In terms of 
expansion, a quick run through. if we look at Bhubaneswar and Raipur, 

22 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
which comes this year. There's capability enhancement happening in 
Raipur, and there's capability as well as bed expansion happening in 
Bhubaneswar, and that's largely for this year. For FY28, we expect to add 
beds and capability in Banjara. I probably brought that response to the 
previous question as well. We will add capacity; we will add capability in a 
very significant way in Banjara and in Hyderabad. We were waiting to see 
if we are able to turn the asset around and we start to get favorability both 
from the patients as well as the clinical fraternity and that seems to have 
happened. People now are seeking more from us. So that is another 
investment that we're making. We've been very excited with the Nagercoil 
launch. We've done extremely well. The assets at ~28-29% of the EBITDA 
and growing month on trading month. We are now looking at expanding 
that pool by another 100 beds. So that's another expansion that's going to 
happen. 
 
We are adding 28 beds in Nampally as well and we're turning that asset 
around, sprucing it up. And with that, we will need more beds to come in. 
Some of the other projects that we are currently looking at, beyond that 
is going on, are Malakpet, Chattogram, Vizag. So, it's across the board. 
When you're looking at brownfield and greenfield as there's one 
greenfield that we're doing, which is in Indore. 14 assets are brownfield, 
which accumulate to the 1500 beds that I spoke about. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Just on the per bed capex, you said INR 1-1.1 crores, So, can you break it 
down for me in terms of brownfield per bed capex and greenfield per bed 
capex? 
 
Varun Khanna: 
Greenfield will come to about INR 1.5 crores and brownfield will go down 
to about in the range of INR 0.8-1.0 crores, depending again on complexity 
but there's no one number. We'll have to give a number by specialty or by 
each unit, which is not something that I intend to share at this point in 
time. But the fact is that if you are adding a linear accelerator setup or an 
Onco setup in a particular hospital, then the numbers will go up. So, it is 
not just the bed, it is also the complexity and capability that we are 
sprucing up in the asset.  So, Vivek, there's no one answer, there will 
always be a broad range. And the broad range for brownfield will be 
between INR 0.8 to 1.1 crores and for greenfield could be about INR 1.5-
1.6 crores. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Got it. Thank you for the explanation. Just a couple of bookkeeping 
questions. Just wanted to understand what comprises as a minority share 
as a percentage of our total profits and what should we take that as a 
percentage going forward? 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Vivek, in case of Aster, it's around 8% and that is with only two units 
currently, which is Aster MIMS for which we have a minority of 20% and 
Ramesh Hospital which is on 30%. So overall at a console ASTER level it 
should be at 8-9%. I think maybe QCIL should be between 15 -20%. So 
blended should be between 10 -15%. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Overall, it's 10 -15%. Secondly, just wanted to understand your ROCE 
number, so as per what I could understand in terms of ROCE calculation, 
my ROCE number is coming out to be a bit different to what has been 
reported in presentation, so if you could help me out with this. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
In case of Aster, what we exclude is only two things. One is the revaluation 
reserve that is related to the land revaluation reserve which we taken up 

23 
Aster DM Healthcare Limited – Q4 and full year FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
when we converged from the old IGAP to IndAS. So, it is just a book entry, 
there is no actual capital employed. Second is the CWIP(Capital Work-in-
Progress), because that asset is still not deployed to earn your profits or 
revenue. So, these are only two things we exclude. In case of QCIL, we 
exclude the intangibles. Because QCIL has acquired the entities in 
Bangladesh and specifically in KIMS, they have certain intangibles like a 
brand and goodwill. That is something they're excluding and that's the 
only three differences we will have between your calculation and our 
calculation. But we'll be very happy to share it offline also. 
 
Vivek Sethia: 
Just one more thing I wanted to ask about QCIL. The QCIL EBITDA margin 
we report at around 20-21%. But as per the annual report that I could see 
of QCIL, the EBITDA margin is coming out to be around 17-18%. If you 
could make me understand what I'm missing out in terms of 
understanding the EBITDA margin with what's reported in the Aster PPT 
versus what I can see in the QCIL financials. 
 
Sunil Kumar: 
Vivek, there is this one time that impacts us broadly around, the one time 
that we're doing on merger and also some of the work that we're doing 
with consultants to enhance the productivity. So, all of that is one time. 
We can probably provide you a breakup of that if that's desired later. 
 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Vivek. If anyone or other attendees would like to ask a question, 
please raise your hand. So, there is no more question to the management. 
Thank you all. This concludes the earnings call for this quarter for Aster 
DM Healthcare. I thank the management and all the attendees for joining 
us today.  If you have any further queries and questions, please get in 
touch with us. Thank you.  
 
<End> 
The contents of this transcript may contain modifications for accuracy and improved readability. 
