SAIL 
PARENTERALS 
To, 
Date: 29" May, 2026 
The Manager 
[ The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
NSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(BSE Scrip Code: 544742) 
(NSE Symbol: SAIPARENT) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Unit: Sai Parenterals Limited 
Sub: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements Regulations,2015) Transcript of 
Earnings call held on 27.05.2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on Wednesday, 27% 
May 2026 at 04:00 p.m. (IST). 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company i.e., 
https:/www.saiparenterals.com/ You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sai Parenterals Limited 
Mr. Anil Kumar Karusala 
Managing Director 
(DIN- 01866646) 
www.saiparenterals. 
o 
GORPORATE OFFICE : 5th Floor, Plot No. 38, Lavanya Arcade, Jayabheri Enclave, Gachibow Hyderabad-500032 
CINU24231TG2001PLC036043 
E-mail: info@saiparenterals.com @ +91 7997991306
ANIL KUMAR 
KARUSALA
Digitally signed by ANIL 
KUMAR KARUSALA 
Date: 2026.05.29 
17:50:41 +05'30'

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
SCIENCE » AFFORDABILITY » INNOVATION 
“Sai Parenterals Limited 
Q4 & FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2026 
PARENYERALS LIMITED 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIL KUMAR KARUSALA — CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR — SAI PARENTERALS LIMITED 
MR. MARK THULBORNE — CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, NOUMED — SAI PARENTERALS LIMITED 
MR. ANIL KUMAR — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — SAI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Page 1 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Sai Parenterals Q4 and FY '26 Eamnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on the belicfs, opinions, and expectations of the company as of the 
date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertaintics that are difficult 
to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you nced assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch- 
tone phone, Please note that this conference is being recorded. Today, we have with s, Mr. Anil 
Kumar Karusala, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Mark Thulborne, Chicf Executive 
Officer, Noumed; Mr. Anil Kumar, Chicf Financial Officer. 
Inow hand the conference over to Mr. Anil Kumar Karusala, Chairman and Managing Director, 
for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Ryan. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our first camings 
call as a listed company. At the first outset, I would like to welcome all our sharcholders who 
have joined us after our IPO. We are grateful for the confidence placed in Sai Parcnterals and 
proud to have thousands of new sharcholders become part of our journey. Financial year '26 has 
been a transformational year for the company. Alongside, a successful public listing, we 
completed the acquisition of Australian-based Noumed Pharmaceuticals, significantly 
expanding our capabilitics, market access, and growth opportunitics. 
Let me briefly introduce Sai Parcnterals, as it stands today. We operate through an integrated 
pharma platform built around three complementary growth engines. The first one being our 
rapidly growing CDMO export business, where we partner with customers across product 
development, technology transfer, and commercial manufacturing under long-term agreements. 
The second, owr Australia and New Zealand platform through Noumed Pharmaceuticals, which 
provides access to a regulated matket, longstanding relationships with leading pharmacy chains, 
and one of the largest private label OTC portfolios in Australia. 
Third is our branded formulation business, which provides a stable operating base and customer 
relationships across domestic markets. The acquisition of Noumed is perhaps the significant 
strategic milestone in our journcy. It transforms Sai from a manufacturing-led business info a 
global IP-led platform with capabilities spamning product development, manufacturing, 
regulatory filings, and last-mile commercialization. 
Additionally, through Noumed Pharmaceuticals, we gainedaccess not only to Australia and New 
Zealand markets but also to a growing base of 451 IP dossicrs that can be leveraged across 
multiple export markets, accelerating product launch timelines from 18 to 24 months to six to 
nine months. 
An equally important aspect of the acquisition is vertical integration. Today, Noumed outsources 
asignificant portion of its manufacturing requirements. As our Australian manufacturing facility 
becomes operational in Q4 FY 27, we intend to progressively internalize a meaningful portion 
Page 2 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
of this production, significantly improving margins, enhancing supply chain control, and 
strengthening customer relationships. This represents a major value creation opportunity in FY 
28. 
Coming to financial year '26, this has been a year of strong exceution across multiple fronts. We 
sccured new long-term CDMO export contracts, decpened our engagement with customers, and 
witnessed a significant growth in our export business. Today, more than 50% consolidated 
reveme comes from long-term supply contracts in regulated markets. 
During the financial year 126, we got approvals for 88 dossiers acoss regulated and emerging 
markets, while Noumed added a further five dossicrs in Australia in Q4 FY '26. In addition, 67 
dossiers are currently under development at Sai in various stages, and they are expected to be 
commercialized during financial year 27 and financial year 128, providing strong visibility for 
future growth. These dossiers represent the outcome of several years of investment in R&D. 
As we enter into financial year 127, our priorifies are very clear. First, the completion of INR440 
e 
EU GMP upgrades in India, commercialization of the Adelaide facility in Australia to support 
s ongoing capex program started with Noumed. This includes the capacity expansion and 
vertical integration and long-term supply agrecments, and the establishment of a dedicated R&D 
center focused on formulation development and dossier creation in India. 
Second, deeper integration of Noumed and the realization of synergics across the group between 
Sai and Noumed. These are the milestones we believe investors should track closely over the 
next 12 months. Tmportantly, none of the ongoing capex projects, the INR440 crores capex 
program are expected 
to contribute to FY 127 financial performance, as most of these facilities 
will be commissioned towards the end of the year. 
Our financial year 27 outlook is therefore supported by the exccution of existing long-term 
contracts, commercialization of new dossiers, increasing contribution from Noumed, and 
continued momentum in our CDMO export business. Based on these drivers, we are targeting a 
revenue of INR750 crores for the financial year 27 with an EBITDA margin in the range of 17% 
mFY27. 
While FY 27 will be a year of exceution, we belicve financial year FY '28 will be the year when 
the full impact of our investments begins to reflect in our financial performance. By then, the 
majority of our ongoing capex program is expected to be operational. The new Australian 
facility, expanded capacities, European-GMP compliant infrastructure, and dedicated R&D 
center will all be contributing to the revemme, margin expansion, and thereby the profitability. 
We will move from a phase of building asscts to a phase of monetizing them. As these assefs 
scale up, we expect operating leverage, vertical integration benefits, and increasing monetization 
of our intellectual property portfolio to drive growth and profitability. 
Further, our vertically integrated business model in Australia, a long-term customer 
relationships, and differentiated IP portfolio provides a high degree of certainty and 
sustainability to our revenue and profit growth over the next three to four years. 
Page 3 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Mark Thulborne: 
Anil Kumar: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
With that, I would like to thank everyone for joining us today. Iwill now hand over the call to 
our CEO, Noumed Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Mark Thulborne, to discuss in greater detail. Thank 
you. Over to you, Mark. 
Thank you, everybody, and thank you for joining the call. As Anil has explained, the vertical 
integration between Sai Parenterals and Noumed Pharmaceuticals is instrumental to our next 
phase of growth. This vertical integration has already begun with the Sai Parenterals facility in 
India, providing Noumed Pharmaceuticals a mumber of its intellectual property dossiers for 
supply into Australia. 
In the expansion of this integration, Sai will then be performing the process of providing our 
facility in Australia to start with, by the end of 
Q4 of this financial year, bulk tablet products to 
supply the demand of our various customers' needs in Australia. 
With Noumed in Australia having two of its major customers in the top 20 ASX-listed 
customers, being Wesfarmers Health with the Priccline private label banner and their generic 
banner in Pharmacy Health, and the EBOS Group with TerryWhite Chemmart and also covering 
across their generic brand with Pharmacy Choice. 
These two networks on their own accord in Australia cover 2,100 pharmacies out of the 5,500 
total pharmacics, which will be vertically integrated into our business from a supply side. With 
this, this has also cnabled us to increase, through the R&D center, our expansions through our 
branded network on supplying such organizations as Novartis with brands of Demazin and Duro- 
Tuss into Australia. 
So from this integration, we will be able to increase both our revenue margins and stabilize 
cbviously profitability, whilst also increasing the platform of distribution on a tunkey solution 
in Australia. Our format in Australia on its turnkey solution is from owning the IP, to 
‘manufacturing the product, to releasing the product, and also distributing the product on behalf 
of the client. This is the only organization in Australia that doss the full turnkey solution for its 
ltinational customers at this point in time. 
In relation to do with the cntire uplift of the business, this is also being supported by Sai in the 
integration befween our costing basis on being able to utilize such facilities as packaging, raw 
material requirements, and sourcing of API throughout its expansive network. That's probably 
covered across the most of the dynamic that allows the increase in the cxpansion in relation to 
do with the capex portolio that Sai, Noumed have placed together. On that note, thank you, 
Indics and gentlemen, for your time, and I'll pass you over to Anil Kumar, our CFO. 
Thank you, Anil and Mark. Good afternoon, everyone. I take this opportunity of going through 
the financial performance for FY '26, beginning with standalone business and then discussing 
the consolidated results, following our acquisition of Noumed. FY 26 was a strong year for the 
standalone business and reflects the progress we have made in expanding our CDMO business 
and exports and strengthening customer relationships across regulated markets and emerging 
markets. Standalone revenues for FY 126 stood at about INR162 crore, representing the growth 
Page 4 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
of 30%, and EBITDA increased to about INR33 crores, which is about 21% of revenues, and 
PAT grew to about INR17 crores, reflecting a growth of 64% over FY '25. 
Then moving to consolidated results, FY '26 marks a major milestone for the company following 
the acquisition of Noumed, which was acquisition was completed on 12th November, 2025. 
Accordingly, Noumed's financials have been consolidated from the date of acquisition, which 
do not reflect a full year contribution but effective from 12th November, 2025. 
During quarter four of FY 126, which reflects the full quarter of consolidation of our foreign 
subsidiary, Noumed revenue, including Noumed, the revenue stood at INR198 crores with the 
EBITDA at INR29 crores, which is at 15% EBITDA over revenues, and a PAT of INR13 crores, 
which reflects about 6.6% of revenes. 
Consolidated revenues for FY 126 stood at INR381 crore, which represents a 133% growth, while 
EBITDA stood at INR47 crores, registering a growth of about 18%. The consolidated numbers 
reflect about close to 4.5 months of contribution from Noumed as well as contimued momentum 
in our CDMO export business. 
Turning to working capital, ow working capital profile reflects the nature of a growing 
pharmaceutical business operating across multiple markets. One of the key benefits of our 
transition towards CDMO business is improved working capital efficiency. These businesscs 
operate on long-term contracts and shorter receivable cycles. As CDMO exports increase their 
contribution to revenue, we expect our working capital cycle to improve over the next few 
quarters. 
The company is currently excouting a growth capex program focused on capacity expansion and 
upgradation in India as well as Australia and establishment of 
a new R&D center. All the projects 
remain on track and are expected 
to be completed during FY 2027, The company is cxceuting a 
INR440 crores growth capex program. 
Out of this, about INR111 crores is being deployed towards capacity expansion and EU-GMP 
upgrades at our manufacturing facilitics in India. This funding is being done entircly through the 
IPO proceeds. In addition, there is an INRIS crores being invested towards cstablishing a 
dedicated R&D center in India. This investment is also being funded through the IPO proceeds. 
As part of the acquisition, we took ownership of the Adelaide manufacturing facility cxpansion 
project in Australia, which involves the total planned capex investment of about AUD 53 million 
or INR311 crores. The project has reccived grant of almost AUD20 million from the Federal 
Australian Government. The balance is being funded through a combination of debt and internal 
accruals. AUD 40 million has been invested in the project till-date. 
All major projects remain on track and are expected to be completed during FY 27. FY 27 
therefore remains an investment year for us. By FY 28, we expect all these projects to be 
operational and contribute meaningfully to revenues and profitability. As a result, capital 
expenditure intensity should reduce significantly and focus will shift towards utilization, 
operating leverage, and returns on invested capital. 
Page 50f 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Vihaan Bagri: 
Moderator: 
Vihaan Bagri: 
Anil Kumar: 
Vihaan Bagri: 
Anil Kumar: 
Vihaan Bag, 
Mark Thulborne: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
Our balance sheet remains well positioned 
to support our growth plans. Following the successful 
IPO and fresh capital infusion, we have significantly strengthened our capital base. As of March 
26, the total debt stood at about INR319 crores, comprising of INR90 crores of long-term 
borrowings and INR229 crores of short-term borrowings. 
FY '27 s expected 
to be the peak year of debt for the group as we complete our ongoing capex 
programs. However, these assets will begin contributing to carnings and cash flows in FY28. 
Therefore, we expect debt levels to decline from FY 128 onwards. Even at peak debt level, the 
group's debt-to-equity ratio is comfortable at about 0.6 times. 
Overall, FY '26 has been a milestone for Sai Parenterals, We have delivered strong standalone 
performance, successfully integrated transformational acquisition, and laid the foundation for 
our next phase of growth. 
‘With that, Lrequest the modsrator to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and onc on their touch-tone telephone. If you wish 
to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are 
requested 
to use their handsets while asking a question. Ladics and gentlemen, we will wait for 
a moment while the question queuc assembles. Participants who wish to ask a question, please 
press star and one. We take the first question from the line of Vihaan Bagri from Umayo 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Yes, hi. Am 
L audible? 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Yes, good evening. Good evening, sir. So my first question is regarding the profit before tax. So 
what is the reason behind the degrowth of profit before tax, in spite of revenue doubling year- 
on-year? 
So you arc referring to the consolidated financial statements or you are referring to Sai 
standalone financial statements? 
The consolidated. 
For Standalone Financials, the profit before tax is at INR18 crores — INR18.85 crores, and FY' 
'25 is about INR14.4 crores. 
Okay, sorry for that. So my second question is regarding the Noumed plant and how much time 
would it take for it to ramp-up? 
So, in relation to the Noumed plant, the plant is in the process now of beginning TGA 
commissioning. So, the internal process of the plant - clean rooms, HVAC, water ring, RO ring, 
drain tings, and cquipments are all done, Commissioning of validation shall commence in 
October, November of this year with the starting point being on packing of solid dosage forms 
and moving into liquids mamifactwing through quarter one of the Australian calendar year, so 
Page 6 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Vihaan Bag, 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Vihaan Bagri: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Moderator: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
that's your last quarter of January through to March of next year. TGA license is expected 
to be 
commissioned and up and flowing no later than the 31t of March next year. 
All right. And my last question is regarding the strategic excoution priorities for the company. 
‘What are the top three priorities for the company in terms of strategic execution? 
Yes, as I explained to you, so we have the three top priorities is our CDMO, which we were 
cffectively planning to in delivering growth for the markets. We worked on three platforms 
which [ have explained to you in detail in my presentation. So starting with the first thing is our 
CDMO business, which we arc rapidly growing export business, where we partner with 
customers acoss product development, technology transfer, and commercial manufacturing 
under long-term agreements. That's the first priority. 
The second priority is now the integration of our Australian and New Zcaland platforms, which 
will start giving us the regulated pharmaceutical market more exposures and more business. And 
we have a longstanding relationship with the leading pharmacy chains across Australia, because 
it's one of the largest private label OTC portfolios. So the integration between Australia and Sai 
is one of the top priorities for us, where we can add more value in terms of manufacturing to 
Noumed and Noumed adds more value to us in terms of marketing. 
So and the third important is our branded formulation business, which provides us a stable 
operating base as of now and still we arc going with increasing customer relationship across 
domestic markets. However, our main preference is growing the CDMO export business will be 
our top priority. 
Okay, thank you so nmuch, sir, and all the best for your future. 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Hiral Sanghi from Pioncer Investcorp. 
Please go ahead. 
Hi, sir. Good evening. 
Good cvening. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers and good listing. 
Thank you very much. 
Yes. Could you provide us a breakup of the capex which is being planncd in India and Australia, 
including the amount that has already been deployed? 
Yes. Sce, as we have bricfed up in the opening remarks, we have planned for about INR110 
crores of capex in Sai, plus there is an additional capex investment of INR1S crores in R&D. 
Now both these are getting funded through IPO proceeds in India. For the Noumed facility, the 
capex expected is about AUDS3 million. Now AUDS3 million, and this s being funded through 
AUD 20 million of the grant, which has come from Federal Australian Government and a 
Page 7 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Hiral Sanghvi: 
Moderator: 
Sivaramakrishna: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
combination of debt and capex. We have already incurred about close to AUDA0 million on the 
investments of capex. So the balance capex would be funded and commercialized by the Q4 of 
FY '27. And it would be funded with the internal aceruals and Debt. 
So this s for the Australian entity? 
This INR311 crores what we were talking is for the Australian entity, and INR110 crores we 
would be investing on the two injectable plants, which we were upgrading it to European-GMP, 
and we are upgrading the Australian approved plant in India with an additional dosage forms, 
which will be completed by end of the year. 
Okay. And what would be the incremental revenue that would be expected to be generated? 
For the year FY '27, ma'am, we don't see any incremental revenue coming out of this, as T 
explained to you, we are not seeing any incremental revermic coming out of this investment of 
the capex investment because all the capex investment are going to be completed by end of the 
FY 127, that is in the fourth quarter. So the impact of this will be coming up in the FY '28 and 
FY 129. So we have right now target, given a guidance revenue for only this year. 
Once this is completed, basing on our molecules filing and the approvals, we would be 
presenting the guidance for the next year at the end of this financial year. For FY 27, without 
any capex coming in, capex coming in this, not from capex, only just organic addition of 
Noumed and Sai, we are targeting a revenue of INR750 crores with an EBITDA margin of 17%, 
with heavy H2 because usually our Q3 and Q4 will be little heavy than HI and H2, sorry, Q1 
and Q2. Our Q3, Q4 would be little heavy in this INR750 crores top line revenue. 
Okay. And the last question would be anyidca on what would 
be the working 
capital requircment 
for that incremental revenue? 
Generally, as a pharma business, we would look at about 25% of additional revenues as the 
working capital requirement. So as we scale up businesses, we would look at working capital 
requirement of about 25% to 30% range. 
Okay. 
Largely tobe funded cither through internal aceruals and litel bit of debt. Thank you. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sivaramalishna, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Yes, I mean, T had seen your consolidated turnover for the last quarter in the financial year 26 
is INR198 crores. Even if you annualize that, that itself should add up to INRS00 crores. Why 
Page 8 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
are you being very conservative in terms of guiding the revenue at INR750 crores and not 
INRS00 crores, point number one? 
And the fourth quarter EBITDA is about INR29 crores, which roughly is about 14.6% of the 
revenue, but you're projecting about 17% EBITDA on about INR750 crores of revenue. I mean, 
where is this additional 2.4% EBITDA margin going to come from? I mean, the thought to be 
more profitable products are going to come in or what cxactly is the situation? And in the fourth, 
in the profit figure of 2026, I mean, I've seen some tax write-back, I mean, deferred tax or 
whatever itis. What exactlyis that about INR7.2 crores or whatever itis? So if you could clarify, 
sir. 
Yes, thank you, Sivaramakrishna garu. T1l just answer your first two questions and then I'l give 
my to CFO for answer the last deferred questions. As I explained to you in my last this thing, 
my usually my — our business have Q3 and Q4 little heavy when compared to Q1 and Q2. So 
that's the reason in Q4, usually we see 40-60. If you see the first H1, it will be 40, H2 will be 60, 
gencrally. I'm gencralizing the mmber, it's not exact appropriate, but it will be around 40-60. So 
that's the reason you sce there's a higher mumber of INR198 crores in Q4. Otherwise, in H1 there 
will be little low when compared to the H2. 
So that's the moderation where we have done, and that's the reason we have come up with 
INR750 crores conservative mumber. But going forward in the next quarter, when we declare the 
resuls, we will review ourselves once more and we will come up with any incremental this 
thing, we'll come up with if anything is there more, we will definitely come up with the numbers. 
Number two, the sccond question is about EBITDA margin of 14.5%, roughly around 14.6% 
and how it is going up to 17%. So Sivaram, this Noumed integration, which we have done in 
Q4. Now Noumed, as I told you in my statement also, Noumed currently is getting manufactured 
its products from various CMO manufacturers across India. 
So what we are going to do is, like for cxample, most of these facilitics, most of these products 
we will start shifting it to our own manufacturing in Sai, which will give the impact of that 
additional margin coming in into Noumed. And Noumed also is going to start base impact is 
already created, now they are going to prop up from there. And the last quarter, that is Q4, their 
own manufacturing is going to start. 
As of today, Noumed is dependent on the manufacturing from outside. By Q4, the manufacturing 
will shift, some part of t, a little bit of manufacturing starts shifting into the own manufacturing. 
So the backward integration starts the last quarter and then thereon in '28 it will be the full 
integration. So the additional business whichis going to come from the manufacturing will create 
additional revenue and also the integration between Sai and Noumed is also going to give an 
extra margin in terms of the other products which are currently manufacturing from outside. 
Yes, Sivaramakrishna, to answer your third question, I think you're right, there are two 
components of the tax being shown negative. One is the deferred 
tax assct being ereated. Sccond 
is the company has moved from the old tax regime to the new tax regime. Earlicr the company 
was paying a basic tax rate of 25%, now it will pay about 22%. So to that extent, the tax has 
Page 9 of 10

SATI 
PARENTERALS LIMITED 
Sivaramakrishna: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Moderator: 
Anil Kumar Karusala: 
Anil Kumar: 
Moderator: 
Sai Parenterals Limited 
May 27, 2026 
come down. The second is on account of deferred 
tax assct being created, and that's why the tax 
is being shown as the negative line. Thank you. 
Okay, thank you. 
Thank you, Sivarama garu. 
Thank you. Ladics and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the question- 
and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
comments. 
Yes, thank you very much for everyone for participating in this first carnings call as a listed 
company. And I thank you very much and I'm very grateful for the confidence placed in our 
company and we are proud to have all the new sharcholders become a part of our journey. And 
we will live to the expectations of the market and we hope you trust us and you follow us very 
closcly for our future cngagements. Thank you very much. 
Thank you. 
Thank you. On behalf of Sai Parenterals Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 
Page 10 of 10
