 
 
 
 
CSL/2026-27/34 
14th May, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip Code :532443 
Scrip ID: CERA 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CERA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 9th May, 2026 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to our letter CSL/2026-27/20 dated 28th April, 2026, intimating you about 
the Q4 FY2026 Earnings Conference Call held on 9th May, 2026, please find attached the 
transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The same will be available on the website of the company, i.e. www.cera-india.com  
 
We hope you will take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Cera Sanitaryware Limited. 
 
 
 
Hemal Sadiwala 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
HEMAL 
JANARDAN 
SADIWALA
Digitally signed by HEMAL JANARDAN 
SADIWALA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=1769, 
pseudonym=831e288729424ea383d3e6222f
d99076, 
2.5.4.20=2f1a0a53e3d0c48658014c43dea39
89dc59335ec2f1a70b9d67f9e73d4395917, 
postalCode=380008, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=f2fe036f7fce318ced974ed883
7dfa1e1c2da169e5861098ce6b05679d5c9f6
e, cn=HEMAL JANARDAN SADIWALA 
Date: 2026.05.14 17:55:22 +05'30'

 
 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 1 of 14 
 
 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 09, 2026 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call of 
Cera Sanitaryware Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Devrishi Singh of CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Singh. 
Devrishi Singh: 
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings conference 
call for Cera Sanitaryware Limited for Q4 FY26 earnings, which were announced 
yesterday. We have with us today the management team comprising Mr. Vikas 
Kothari – CFO; and Mr. Deepak Chaudhary – VP Finance and Investor Relations of 
Cera Sanitaryware. We will start with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will open the call for Q&A. 
A quick disclaimer before we begin. Some of the statements made in today's 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature, and a detailed note in this regard 
is contained in the results documents that have been shared with all of you earlier.  
I would now turn the call over to the management for their opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you, Devrishi. Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all for 
joining us for the Q4 and full year FY26 earnings conference call of Cera Sanitaryware 
Limited. I will begin by sharing a brief overview of our operational and strategic 
developments during the quarter, following which our CFO, Mr. Vikas Kothari, will take 
you through the financial performance in greater detail. 
During the quarter, the Company delivered an improved performance with revenues 
growing in double digits at 11.4% on a year-on-year basis. Sanitaryware and 
faucetware accounted for 46% and 43% of the revenues, respectively, during the 
quarter.  
This performance further builds on the early signs of recovery that we had started 
witnessing from Q3 and reinforces our confidence that demand conditions are 
gradually improving. Importantly, this improvement is being led by our core product 
categories, where we are seeing relatively better traction given our strong positioning 
in the mass and mid-segments.  
From a broader perspective, the underlying drivers for the building materials sector 
continue to remain supportive. We are seeing a more balanced recovery across 
segments with traction in both urban markets and select Tier 2 and Tier 3 regions. This 
is encouraging for our core product categories as demand conditions continue to 
stabilize.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 2 of 14 
 
 
During the quarter, we implemented a calibrated price revision across faucetware 
and sanitaryware effective from March 1st, primarily to offset the increase in input 
costs, particularly in brass. Going forward, we expect continued volatility in the key 
input prices, including metals and energy costs, over the near to medium term. While 
these pricing actions have been undertaken in a measured manner, we continue to 
maintain a balanced approach keeping in mind both margin protection and market 
competitiveness. Pricing decisions will remain dependent on movements in input costs 
and overall demand conditions.  
On the margin front, we have continued to see some pressure during the quarter with 
margins remaining below our normal range, largely on account of higher input costs 
as well as on account of continued trade discounts. We have already compensated 
for the higher costs by increasing prices in both sanitaryware and faucetware 
segments. As operating conditions stabilize, we expect to progressively regain better 
control over discounts, which should support a steady improvement in margins over 
time.  
The Company has identified certain focus markets, mainly the Northeast, West Bengal, 
Uttarakhand, Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand, Goa, Chhattisgarh, 
and Odisha as a part of its growth strategy initiated some time ago. Continuous efforts 
undertaken across these regions to strengthen distribution and market interventions 
have contributed meaningfully to the growth achieved by the Company so far.  
From a portfolio perspective, FY26 has been an important year in strengthening our 
overall brand architecture, particularly through our initiatives under Senator and 
Polipluz. Both brands have made steady progress during the year with key building 
blocks now largely established across product portfolio, team structure, distribution, 
and market presence. 
Under Senator, we have successfully expanded our retail footprint with 40 flagship 
stores operational during the year and are targeting to scale this up to 60 stores by 
next financial year. Under Polipluz, we have onboarded 102 distributors and 1,120 
dealers during FY26, with a target to expand the network to 200 distributors and 2,000 
dealers by the end of FY27. These initiatives are currently in the investment and brand-
building phase, where the focus remains on strengthening positioning, expanding 
reach, and building long-term brand equity. Given the nature of this phase, we 
expect the outcomes to play out progressively over time with a more visible 
contribution to growth as these initiatives scale up. With the foundational elements 
now largely in place, our focus will increasingly be on strengthening execution and 
driving progressive scale-up over the coming periods. Backed by a strong leadership 
team and relevant industry experience in building established brands, we remain 
confident about the long-term potential of these initiatives. 
At the same time, as we continue to invest in these emerging brands, the core Cera 
brand remains central to our growth strategy and continues to be the primary driver 
of volumes and overall business performance. As mentioned earlier, we are seeing 
improved traction in this segment supported by gradual recovery in retail demand as 
well as continued momentum in the project business.  
Cera Luxe is also gradually strengthening our presence in the premium and 
contemporary segment, supported by an expanding product portfolio and improving 
market visibility. 
Given our strong positioning across our core segments, we expect a significant part 
of the growth going forward to be driven by the core Cera brand, where we have 
established scale, distribution reach, and strong brand recall.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 3 of 14 
 
 
On the brand and marketing front, we are strengthening our overall communication 
strategy with a sharper focus on enhancing brand visibility across segments. During 
FY26, our marketing and publicity spends stood approximately at INR 49 crore, and 
we expect this to increase in FY27 as we step up our brand-building initiatives across 
key channels. 
We are working towards rolling out a series of focused campaigns across digital, 
social, and on-ground platforms. This will include the introduction of a new brand 
ambassador, which we expect to announce in the near term and which we believe 
will further enhance brand visibility and engagement across the key markets. Overall, 
these initiatives are aimed at strengthening our brand positioning and supporting our 
growth strategy going forward. 
In addition, we have been strengthening our brand visibility through strategic 
franchise and institutional tie-up with leading consumer-facing brands across India. 
These include association with well-recognized names such as McDonald's, Tea Post, 
Connplex, JSW One Homes, Shalby Hospitals, Federal Bank, and other prominent 
brands across sectors.  
From a supply side perspective, as most of you are aware, the industry has been 
witnessing disruptions in parts of the unorganized sector, particularly in Morbi, due to 
gas availability challenges arising from the ongoing geopolitical situation. In response 
to this environment, we are increasingly undertaking internalization of certain 
sanitaryware product categories, which is expected to enhance supply reliability and 
strengthen our ability to cater to demand requirements more efficiently. While gas 
prices remain elevated and are unlikely to ease in the near term, Cera has remained 
relatively insulated from these disruptions. This is supported by our continued gas 
sourcing arrangement, including supplies from GAIL at relatively subsidized rates, 
which have ensured operational continuity. 
In addition, we have been able to effectively service demand through our existing 
inventory levels and manufacturing capabilities, enabling us to maintain supply in a 
market where several players have faced disruptions. This has also provided an 
opportunity to liquidate inventory and support offtake during the period, leading to 
improved demand visibility. Overall, while the external environment remains 
challenging, we are well-positioned to navigate the current situation without any 
material disruption to production or supply in the near term. At the same time, we 
continue to closely monitor the situation and remain focused on ensuring operational 
stability and responsiveness across our network.  
On the operations front, we continue to focus on improving manufacturing 
efficiencies and strengthening our supply chain. In faucetware, we continue to 
witness strong traction with operations running at high utilization levels. During March 
2026, we manufactured 4.3 lakh pieces, reflecting a healthy demand momentum. 
In view of the strong demand visibility, we are undertaking capacity expansion to 
increase the production capacity to 5 lakh pieces per month with minimal capex 
outlay of approximately INR 5 crore. The enhanced capacity is expected to become 
operational from Q4 FY27 onwards.  
To summarize, while the near-term environment continues to present certain 
challenges, we are seeing gradual improvement in demand conditions supported by 
a strong market position and execution focus. Importantly, we are beginning to see 
early signs of strengthening across key demand drivers and as these trends sustain, we 
expect this to translate into more visible growth momentum over the coming periods. 
Our priority remains on disciplined execution, strengthening our operating 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 4 of 14 
 
 
fundamentals and building a robust platform for future growth. With a strong balance 
sheet, diversified product portfolio and continued investments across brands, 
channels and systems, we believe that we are well-positioned to navigate the current 
environment and capture growth opportunities as demand conditions continue to 
improve over time.  
With this, I would like to hand over to Mr. Vikas Kothari to run you through the financials 
of the Company. 
Vikas Kothari:  
Thank you, Deepak and a very good morning to everyone. I will now take you through 
a brief overview of the company's financial performance for the quarter and year 
ended 31st March '26.  
Revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR 644 crore as compared to INR 
578 crore in Q4 FY25.  
EBITDA excluding other income for the quarter was at INR 98 crore as compared to 
INR 106 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. EBITDA margins stood 
at 15.2% in Q4 FY26 as compared to 18.3% in Q4 FY25. This decline was primarily driven 
by continued pressure on gross margins led by elevated brass input costs and higher 
trade discounts. Margins were also impacted by pre-operating expenses related to 
the Senator and Polipluz formats.  
Gas costs during the quarter remained stable with the weighted average cost at INR 
35.55 per cubic meter in Q4 FY26 as compared to INR 36.03 per cubic meter in Q4 
FY25. During the quarter, gas consumption was sourced 64% from GAIL and 36% from 
Sabarmati. Overall, gas cost as percentage of revenue stood at 2.3%.  
Input costs, particularly brass continued to remain at elevated levels, while other input 
costs such as clay also witnessed some upward movement during the period. In 
response to these sustained cost pressures, the Company implemented calibrated 
price revisions of 4% in sanitaryware and 11% in faucetware towards the later part of 
the quarter. 
These revisions were largely applicable to the retail segment, while project business 
remained relatively insulated due to pre-booked orders. This approach is intended to 
balance margin protection with market competitiveness.  
For the quarter under review, revenue contributions by segment was broadly as 
follows: Sanitaryware at 46%, Faucetware 43%, tiles at 9% and wellness at 2%. On a Y-
o-Y basis, sanitaryware revenue grew by 10.7%, faucetware by 24.3%, wellness by 
31.2%, while tiles declined by 8.3%. Our core categories, sanitaryware and 
faucetware, together accounted for 89% of the total revenues.  
Capacity utilization during the quarter stood at 70% for sanitaryware and 106% for 
faucetware.  
From a product mix perspective, 41% of sales were from premium segment, 38% from 
mid-segment, and 21% from entry-level products. Geographically, Tier-3 cities 
accounted for 40% of sales followed by Tier-1 at 36% and Tier-2 at 24%.  
Profit after tax stood at INR 77 crore as compared to INR 86 crore in the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. Earnings per share for the quarter stood at INR 59.96 
compared to INR 66.36 in Q4 FY25.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 5 of 14 
 
 
On the working capital front, we continued to see improvement across key 
parameters during the quarter, with inventory days decreasing from 79 days to 71 
days, receivables reducing from 37 days to 33 days, while payables stretched from 38 
days to 40 days. This resulted in a Y-o-Y reduction in net working capital from 78 days 
to 64 days. 
As of 31st March '26, our cash and cash equivalents stood at INR 853 crore.  
On capital expenditure front, the capital expenditure for FY26 remained measured 
with an outlay of around INR 14.5 crore by end of March '26. This was largely directed 
towards routine maintenance along with selective investments towards strengthening 
our brand presence and retail initiatives. 
Overall, our financial position remains healthy, supported by a strong balance sheet, 
disciplined cost management and prudent working capital practices. While the 
operating environment continues to be impacted by input cost pressures, the steps 
taken during the quarter, including calibrated price revisions and a continued focus 
on cost efficiencies, position us well to navigate near-term challenges. We remain 
focused on maintaining financial discipline while continuing to invest selectively in 
strategic initiatives and believe this approach should support steady and sustainable 
performance going forward.  
With this, I would like the moderator to open the lines for Q&A.  
Moderator:  
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital.  
Praveen Sahay: 
Many congratulations for the good set of numbers. The first question is related to the 
demand. So, if I look at that from Q3 to Q4, we can clearly see that the retail has done 
better in Q4. And also, in the commentary and opening statement, you had said that 
the retail channel has shown encouraging recovery. So how are you going to see 
FY27, the retail demand, because the retail has been quite muted for the past few 
quarters? Now we have started seeing some improvement. So, how are you going to 
see the growth in retail, the way forward. And second thing is on the institution 
contribution? Because institution contribution has also increased in the last four years 
from 32% to 38% with a good growth. So, where do you see the balance between 
institution and retail in the coming years? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
I will just take you through the journey of how this progress in demand has been over 
the last couple of years. If you see, we had entered a phase of sluggish demand from 
Q3 of FY '23-'24. During that period, the project demand continued to remain strong, 
but retail had entered into a sluggish kind of a situation. Since Q3 of the current 
financial year, we have started seeing an improvement in the retail demand, and we 
saw this sustaining through Q4 also. 
If we see the month of April also, we have seen a good surge in retail; it has continued 
in the current quarter also. So, we are hopeful that going forward, the kind of demand 
recovery that we have seen in the retail segment should continue in the full year of 
FY27. And the kind of traction that we are seeing in project, we find that it has 
increased from something like 30% a couple of years back, to 35% and then now to 
something like 39%-40%. With the improvement in retail demand, we expect that this 
percentage should now remain stable. So, going forward, we expect that the 
proportion of retail and project should now remain stable at 60% for retail and 40% for 
the project business.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 6 of 14 
 
 
On an overall growth perspective, we have started seeing improvements in volume. 
And going forward, we expect that there should be good traction in the volume in 
both the sanitaryware and faucet, more so in the faucetware segment, even during 
the period where the demand used to be sluggish, we have consistently seen 
improvements in the faucetware demand. Going forward in FY27, we expect that 
faucetware should continue to grow at 10% to 12% in volumes, and sanitaryware 
should be in the range of, you can say, 7% to 8% in FY27 also. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, so that 7% to 8% or 10% to 12% is the volume growth what you are indicating 
for? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Correct. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Next question is related to the price, because last quarter also you indicated 4% in the 
sanitaryware and 11% in the faucetware, but eventually we indicated that from 
March onwards we started seeing gradual price increase. So, what challenges 
basically had you faced, especially in taking the price hike, because the brass prices 
have been quite high for the last couple of quarters? But the price hike has been first 
announced and now March actually has been taken. And the second related to 
pricing is how much more price hikes do you expect, as you had indicated also that 
the brass prices and also the clay prices have increased. How much more price hikes 
you expected to take to maintain your margin guidance of a 14% around? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
You are right that the input situation has been challenging in the last one quarter or 
so, especially in light of the geopolitical situation which developed in the month of 
February. Brass prices had started moving upwards even before that. And in the last 
three-four months it has gone up from something like late 600 to early 700. From that 
it has gone up to something like 800 to 850 which is prevailing right now. 
Now, if I see on a year-on-year basis, there would have been an increase of something 
like 29%-30% in the brass prices. Now, effectively we have taken a price increase of 
11% in the month of March. In the month of April, we had taken a surcharge of 10% in 
the case of sanitaryware and 5% in the case of faucetware. And now again we have 
taken a price increase of 8% in the case of sanitaryware and 5% in the case of faucets. 
We have removed the surcharge, and we have gone in for a price increase. So, 
effectively over a period of two months, we have taken a price increase of 12% in the 
case of sanitaryware and 16% in the case of faucetware.  
Now, these prices are only effective on the retail portion. And for the projects, the 
prices are expected to, as per our norms they remain stable for the period of one year 
from the time it is booked into our system. 
So, on an average, if I assume that projects would be starting and would be 
completing and there would be a six-month kind of an average wherein the new 
price effect would take place in the case of projects, we can expect this kind of price 
change to start reflecting in the project business from, let us say, in another five to six 
months. But in retail, it has already been implemented, and the impact will be visible 
from, like it is already visible from March. And it will be visible in Q1 more because it 
will be a full kind of a quarter where the price increase has remained effective.  
Now, in respect to how well we have been able to cover our raises in price, you will 
find that in case of brass we have more or less been able to cover the kind of price 
increases with the kind of price increases that we have taken. Slight deviation is there. 
We have to absorb some kind of price increase in the brass. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Typically, if I see, the price increase has been 30% over the last one year. And if I 
assume that it constitutes something like 60% of my brass constitutes 60% of my cost. 
So, the effective impact on my COGS would be in the region of 18%. And I have taken 
a price increase of 16%. So, that is still a kind of 1% or 2% which is left as a gap between 
the pricing and the kind of price increase, cost increase which has happened in the 
case of brass. 
But that we intend to calibrate by way of discount controls, as we are expecting that 
now that the demand has started recovering, we will see better discounts 
management going forward. So, that couple of percentage points that we are still 
lagging behind in the case of price increase should be made up by way of better 
discount management.  
In case of sanitaryware, the clay etcetera. has increased, but the bulk of the price 
impact comes in on account of gas. Like most of the players in the Morbi have been 
severely impacted because of the rise in the kind of prices which have happened in 
the prices of gas. And also in the month, in the coming quarter, we expect that even 
though Morbi plants have started opening up. Typically, the first quarter is in the case 
of sanitaryware a little slow in the case of Morbi because one, especially this will be 
too more so in the current quarter because even though while they have started 
opening up, most of the labour would have gone back home at the time when the 
plants were closed. And it will be a gradual process by which the labour would come 
in, and the plant plants will start opening up again.  
Also, that we find that during Q1, it is a monsoon period. And during that period also 
you will find that the production in Morbi in case of sanitaryware remains slow. So, it 
will only be at take some time beyond Q1 when you can expect that the Morbi would 
be becoming fully operational in case of sanitaryware. So, that is an opportunity for 
us because players who are not having their own kind of manufacturing facility and 
are sourcing mostly from Morbi will find it go a little tough unless and until they have 
built up stocks heavily earlier. So, we anticipate that the current situation would be 
playing well for us going forward in Q1 and Q2. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Thank you so much for the elaborative answer. The last question from my side is related 
to the brand, because we did a lot of investment in Senator and Polipluz in terms of 
distribution and product last year. So, if you can give me some color on how much of 
the revenue in FY26 you had generated from these brands and what is our target, is 
there any revision in the target for the revenue for FY '27? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Okay, in case of Senator and Polipluz, in case of Senator we generated revenue of in 
the region of INR 10.5 crore in the full year FY26. In Polipluz, we generated something 
like INR 8.5 crore. Total these combined generated total revenue of INR 19 crore 
approximately. And for FY27, we are projecting that Senator should be able to 
generate roughly INR 40-45 crore and the Polipluz would be in the range of INR 30 to 
INR 35 crore. Total, we expect that these two brands taken together should give us 
roughly INR 70 to INR 80 crore. 
Praveen Sahay: 
And with the breakeven? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
In the current quarter, there was a small loss if we take into account the kind of 
publicity expenses that we have been putting in. Going forward in the FY27 also, we 
will have a lot of publicity being carved out for this particular segment, Senator. If I 
exclude publicity expenses, then we will be making a small profit, but if I take in the 
publicity expenses also, then it will be a little maybe not in the current year, but next 
year when we will start making profits after taking into account all the publicity costs 
as well. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Pravin Sahay: 
Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from Anand Rathi.  
Utkarsh Nopany: 
My first question is regarding the revenue growth guidance for FY27. So, earlier you 
have mentioned that we are expecting sanitaryware volume to grow at 7% to 8% rate 
and faucetware at 10% to 12% rate for FY27. And given the price hike which we have 
implemented in the last two-three-month period, is it fair to understand that we are 
targeting sanitaryware revenue to grow at a healthy teen rate and faucetware 
revenue to grow at more than a 20% rate for FY27? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Thank you for asking the question. So, as you have seen the last year was stressed in 
terms of different activities, market conditions, geopolitical and all, within those 
constrained situations also, we have delivered INR 2,050 crore in terms of the overall 
revenue. 
Going forward based on how the market demand is doing, we have seen that quarter 
3 and quarter 4 have built the confidence in terms of continuity of the upward trend. 
So, basis that we have we have estimated in terms of the revenue growth which is 
going to be there for financial year FY27. 
So, with the demand trend continuing to grow upward, we expect the overall growth 
of around 18% to 20% next year. In this, if I have to categorize by segment, in 
sanitaryware segment, we expect 12% growth driven by favourable volume impact 
of 7% and price impact of 5% to 6% because like, Deepak has explained it is a 
combination of both project and retail. Retail will be driven by the price increase, 
whereas in case of projects pre-orders will be at the old rate and the new orders will 
be at the increase rates. And similarly in case of faucetware, we expect a growth of 
18% which is going to be driven by favourable volume impact of 10% to 12% and price 
impact of 8%.  
So, overall if we see if we see how the things are moving today and how we have 
capitalized different adverse scenarios into opportunities, we expect that if such trend 
continues, the overall growth will be between 18% to 20%. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Second thing, on the margin side, you have initially mentioned that the trade 
discount, which was going on, is still continuing. So, just wanted to understand, we are 
seeing pretty good demand recovery in the retail segment, and the supply side has 
also got impacted because of the gas supply disruption. So, why we are we still 
continuing with the trade discounts? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So just to give you an understanding in terms of the margins; - if you see for the whole 
year, keeping aside this recent scenario of gas and all, the margins were stressed, the 
reason being the trade discounts which were offered to counter the subdued 
demand. Also they kept on increasing. So, from Q3 onwards, as we have seen; 
discounts are not something that can be immediately controlled, it is a gradual 
journey. So like we mentioned, discount management will be controlled this year. We 
have already started taking steps from Q1 onwards, and this will further strengthen in 
the coming quarters.  
So, as far as margin decline is concerned, the two factors which have largely 
impacted the gross margin are the rise in the input cost, mainly the brass prices which 
have gone up by 29% which has now been sufficiently taken care of through the price 
rise to offset the impact of increased cost. And secondly, the elevated trade 
discounts. So, these trade discounts are again can be corrected it in the coming 
quarters. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 9 of 14 
 
 
So, if you have seen the margins in Q4, they have shown an uplift from 10.2% in Quarter 
3 to 15.2%, and the growth which we are witnessing right now in terms of the demand 
aspect, - we see that if this this trend continues, we will be able to sustain the EBITDA 
margins at around 14% to 15%. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay, and one question was regarding the capacity utilization. So, if you can give 
some sense of what was the capacity utilization of our sanitaryware plant in March 
and April. And do you see any disruption in our sanitaryware operation, say in the June 
quarter period, and what kind of sanitaryware inventory were we carrying at the end 
of March '26 and what is the status of our greenfield sanitaryware plant? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, regarding the capacity utilization, we have rightly stated, in case of sanitaryware 
in March we were operating at 70% of our total capacity, and in case of faucetware 
we were operating at 106% of our total capacity. 
So, ideally speaking, in case of sanitaryware in the month of March, we had an 
advantage in terms of the inventory levels. So, adequate inventory levels played a 
critical role in ensuring uninterrupted market supplies and meeting customer demand 
during this period. 
And what has happened is in March we have taken a decision to close one kiln, which 
was temporarily shut down to manage the operational efficiency because in March 
the visibility was very poor in terms of gas supplies prices and all. So, we have taken 
this as an opportunity and since we were having the inventories built up, that has 
proved favourable in terms of meeting out the customer demand. And in the month 
of April also, we have taken the decision to remain closed with one kiln. We will be 
soon getting second kiln operational, and we hope that in terms of the demand and 
what is there and there are certain products which we have taken internalized from 
Morbi. So, I think this capacity which is running at 70%-75% will further improve in the 
coming months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Julasaria from 360 ONE Capital.  
Varun Julasaria: 
For this quarter, how was the growth driven by price hikes and how much was driven 
by volume for Q4? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So, largely if you see the success in terms of the growth which is there in this quarter is 
largely driven by volume. So, largely it is driven by volume growth of 12% and with an 
improved product mix of 3% to 4%. However, there was some adverse price impact 
of 3% because of discounts and all that we discussed. So, largely it is a volume-driven 
growth for the quarter. 
Varun Julasaria: 
And in faucetware, how much capacity are we increasing? We planned for 6 million, 
right? 
Vikas Kothari: 
No. So just to give you an update in terms of how faucetware is progressing. So, with 
the brownfield expansion that we have taken earlier, we have increased our capacity 
from 3 lakh pieces per month to 4 lakh pieces. And last year was basically a milestone 
for us where we have operated to reach out to 4 lakh. And in the month of March, 
we have completed 4,30,000 pieces per month.  
And with the demand trend going upward, we are further increasing this capacity 
from 4.30 lakh per unit to 5 lakh per unit by debottlenecking and by putting some 
efforts within the brownfield setup that we have built earlier with a minimal capex of 
around INR 4 crore to INR 5 crore. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay, understood. And our exposure to Morbi, like we also have a fair bit of exposure 
on outsourcing, so how much are we exposed to Morbi and say other regions 
comparatively for our sanitaryware and faucetware requirements? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
That outsourcing percentage we always keep on disclosing. I will just tell you the 
figures right now also, what is the kind of proportion of outsourcing versus in-house. In 
case of sanitaryware, you will find that the outsourcing proportion in the Q4 was to 
the extent of 60%, and in case of faucetware it was to the tune of 46%. 60% for 
sanitaryware and 46% for faucetware.  
Now, in the current scenario, as I was mentioning that in the Q4, because of the kind 
of gas prices impact which has happened and also the availability of gas which has 
become restricted in the month of March onwards, - we expect that sourcing from 
Morbi in Q1 of the current financial year would be a little sketchy. And that is because 
we have adequate inventories that we will be able to manage a large portion of Q1 
and also some portion of Q2.  
And that is why what we have also done during this period, we have also undertaken 
a drive for internalizing the kind of products which were currently outsourcing from 
Morbi. So, those are expected to be available for sale from Q2 onwards, by which 
time we have adequate inventories within the Company to take care of any demand 
which is there for these products. 
Varun Julasaria: 
But sir, is large part of this outsourcing is from Morbi only, or do we have other suppliers 
in the North and other regions?  
Deepak Chaudhary: 
In sanitaryware, it is a multiple source, but it is mostly from Morbi, the multiple suppliers 
mostly from Morbi. 
Varun Julasaria: 
Okay, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Rupani from Investec India.  
Bhavin Rupani: 
The first question is on inventory, - you mentioned that you have inventory of 1 or 2 
quarters. But if you look at our balance sheet, it shows somewhere around 70 days. 
So, I am assuming that some portion of that could be attributed to raw material costs 
as well. So, can you tell us, stripping out, what is the finished goods inventory that we 
have? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The finished goods inventory as of March 2026 was INR 303 crore as compared to 
December, which was INR 365 crore. The December 2025 was INR 365 crore, and we 
ended March with INR 303 crore. And at the end of April also we are in the same 
region, INR 300 crore roughly, we are maintaining currently. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
So that is somewhere around one quarter, right, sir? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
So, it does not function like that. Because we are also manufacturing. So 
manufacturing is also continuing right now. So, we have certain inventory, which is of 
manufacturing, and certain inventory which is for outsourcing materials. So, as I 
mentioned earlier, the kind of outsourcing material that we have within the kind of 
entire kitty is adequate for taking kind of the forecast that we have for the next 2 to 3 
months.  
So, 3 months further, we do not anticipate any challenge. And by that time, as the 
internalization drive would start giving us the kind of SKUs which were there from Morbi. 
And also, it is not that Morbi is entirely closed. They will have problems and will not be 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 11 of 14 
 
 
able to give the kind of materials which were given earlier, but they are still able to 
supply some amount of material which will be coming in from Morbi. So, we are 
comfortable with the overall situation and we are comfortable in respect of 
availabilities. 
Bhavin Rupani: 
All right. And sir, what I understand is our tiles business is also completely outsourced. 
So, do we see any impact on tiles going ahead in Q1 and Q2? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Tiles will be impacted, because in the month of March, also later part of March, most 
of it is dependent upon outsourcing. We are able to do some amount of sales 
because some inventory was there with the suppliers. But it is essentially totally driven 
by outsourcing. And if the plants do not open up and we are not able to get that 
procuring material from outside, the tiles portion, we expect that during Q1 will be 
impacted. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranav from Equirus Securities.  
Pranav Mehta: 
I just wanted to understand if you can throw some light on the strategy for both 
Senator and Polipluz for the next, let us say, two to three years? How do you want to 
scale up this business and how premiumization trend will be a key driver for this? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
See, as we have been mentioning in the earlier calls also that Polipluz will be the 
primary driver for the entry segment. This will be mostly the kind of brand which will be 
for the purpose of rural segment and the areas which are more Tier 4 in nature. So, we 
are already, as I mentioned in my call also earlier also, set up something like 100 
distributors right now with 1,000-plus dealers, and we intend to take it up to 200 
distributors and 2,000 dealers in the next financial year. 
For Senator, the idea would be that it will be more of a premium and luxury brand, 
and that is why the concentration is more on opening brand stores, flagship brand 
stores across the country. We have already opened something like 40 stores in the 
current year, and we intend to take it up to 60 in the next financial year.  
Also, apart from the retail presence, we are wanting to take a strong presence in the 
project segment also and we intend to introduce a separate series project range for 
the Senator brand. That will be already in the process and should be there by, you 
can say, another couple of months. So, apart from the retail, we will also be driving 
strongly in the project segment in the Senator portfolio. 
Pranav Mehta: 
Sure. And after the price hikes, are we at a level to which, let us say, the other brands 
are, or are we still slightly below them? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Typically, the pricing of Cera has been, on an MRP level been higher than what other 
brands have been. So, in the current situation, we have taken a price increase in line 
with our own cost structure, and the kind of price increases that have happened. The 
other branded players have also taken similar price increases. You will find that the 
price increase more or less is in line with what others have taken. It will be slightly, you 
can say, more for some brands, slightly less for some brands, but it is more or less 
because this is something which has affected each and every player. You will find 
that most of them have taken price increases in the line of, you can say, 16% to 18% 
in the case of faucets and 10% to 12% in the case of sanitaryware for most players. 
Pranav Mehta: 
And sir, we are in the same line, right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Yes, we are on the same lines. 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 12 of 14 
 
 
Pranav Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aasim from Dam Capital Advisors.  
Aasim Bharde: 
Two questions from my side. One on this FY27 revenue growth expectation. So, you 
said sanitaryware will grow 12%, faucets 18%. Then I cannot understand how your 
overall revenue growth will be 18% or 20%. So, what explains the balance? 
Vikas Kothari: 
Yes, regarding this part, we have given the broad understanding with respect to our 
major segments, that is sanitary and faucetware. There are other segments also within 
the pipeline, so we have tiles and CC. So, our understanding is that once this Morbi 
situation, which has now started opening from May onwards, improves, tiles and 
construction chemicals, they are going to contribute around INR 250 crore, a growth 
of 20-plus percent. And with respect to the Senator and Polipluz, our newly introduced 
brands, they will be contributing around INR 70 to INR 80 crore. So, overall if you see in 
terms of the overall revenue from all these, that will lead to 18% to 20% growth next 
year.  
Aasim Bharde: 
Okay, understood. And the second bit on numbers. So, quarterly employee cost in Q4 
is down Q-o-Q. Any reasons that you can attribute to this? And what should be the 
quarterly run rate ahead, and the capex number that you estimate for FY27? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
I did not get your first part. You are talking about the employee cost? 
Aasim Bharde: 
Yes, the employee cost. INR 59 crore for Q4, I think is down about 1%-2% Q-o-Q. I just 
wanted to understand if there is anything you want to call out behind the decline. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
No, actually what had happened is that typically, if you see our expenditure which 
has been happening on a quarter-on-quarter basis, it has been in the region of INR 65 
crore. So, Q1 was roughly INR 65 crore, Q2 was also INR 65 crore. 
In Q3, once the wage code was announced, we had taken certain assumptions that 
based on the kind of liabilities which will be coming up, there would be an additional 
expense of something like INR 5 crore. That is why you will find that there was an 
expense of INR 70 crore in Q3. But in the current quarter, once we have got a better 
understanding of the wage code and related laws and how it is going to be 
implemented, there is an exceptional item of INR 10 crore of write-back, wherein we 
had put in something like INR 18 crore in Q3 for gratuity and PL liability, wherein we 
believe, the liability would be only in the region of INR 7.5 to INR 8 crore, and so that 
there is a write-back of INR 10 crore coming in as an exceptional item. Similarly, in the 
wage expenses also, that during that period we had provided for certain expenses 
related to the wage code, which we are now anticipating will not be there. 
 
So, that is why that expense of INR 65 crore, which was INR 70 crore in the Q3, has now 
come back to INR 60 crore in Q4. Going forward, we expect that the employee 
expenses should increase in the range of 10% on the basis of normal wage hikes and 
the incremental salary increases that are normally there.  
Also, in the case of labor, there might be some long-term settlement which is now 
pending, which will impact the only the labor portion, the wage portion, not the salary 
cost. How much that impact will come would be depending upon the nature of 
negotiation which happens with the workers. And that impact should start coming in 
from that depending upon when that negotiation actually happens. 
 
In respect of the capex program, typically our capex is in the range of, you can say, 
INR 28 to INR 30 crore. In this particular year, we are anticipating a total capex of 

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 13 of 14 
 
 
something like INR 45 crore. This includes normal capex of roughly INR 25 crore which 
will typically do on a year-on-year basis, roughly INR 5 crore is there for the faucetware 
expansion, I am talking about within this INR 30 crore, there is INR 5 crore for 
faucetware expansion.   
 
And also, another INR 15 crore has been budgeted for acquisition of some more office 
space which we are planning to acquire in the current financial year. That will be in 
the range of INR 15 crore. So, total capex taking everything together, the routine, the 
faucetware expansion of INR 5 crore, and this office space acquisition of something 
like INR 15 crore, would be in the region of INR 43.42 crore. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital.  
Praveen Sahay: 
A small question from my side. You have INR 853 crore of cash. So, what is the usage, 
way forward? Have you decided that? 
Vikas Kothari: 
So I think this is a question which is asked every time. So, the idea is that whatever the 
cash position on which we are sitting, we are equally respecting it in terms of 
distributions also. So, this time, we have given a healthy dividend, declared a healthy 
dividend payout, which is now INR 75 per share, almost 1,500% of the face value. So 
that is there.  
Apart from that, in terms of the greenfield project, which we will evaluate, as we have 
seen that the traction is coming right now with respect to demand. So, the right time 
to start construction of the greenfield will be seen in the coming quarters. So there, 
the greenfield project was initially estimated at around INR 130 crore, of which land 
portion has already been purchased, that is at INR 27 crore. And considering the two 
years' inflation, so our understanding is when we are going to construct the first phase, 
if we conclude in terms of construction this year, then it will cost around INR 150 crore. 
 
So, these are the current things which are in the pipeline. Apart from the capex, what 
we have shown as our routine or some incremental capacity expansion, what we are 
doing. Going forward, we will evaluate the scenarios in terms of how the market is 
doing, and accordingly we will take action in terms of future investments. 
Praveen Sahay: 
So, INR 150 crore, apart from INR 27 crore on the land, which you had already 
incurred? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Bhatelia from Asian Market Securities.  
Karan Bhatelia: 
I just wanted to understand what kind of launch expenses we have booked for 
Senator and Polipluz in the current year and what kind of number we can see for the 
next two-three years when we want to have an EBITDA of 20-25% on this portfolio? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
In the current year, the expenses in Senator were mostly focused on opening the 
brand stores. So, we have spent something like INR 4 crore in the current year because 
this expansion etc. has started from, let us say, after three months from the start of the 
year. So, we would spend something like INR 4 crore over here.  

 
Transcript of CERA Sanitaryware Ltd. Q4 FY26 Earnings Call        
    Page 14 of 14 
 
 
In the period going forward, now that store expansion has mostly happened, like we 
have opened 40 stores in the current period, we intend to go another 20 in the next 
year to take it to 60. But the now that we have bought in the space all the 
infrastructure in place, now we will also need to spend on the other activities wherein 
we will be spending on exhibitions, architects, consultants, catalogues, print media, 
and advertising activities. So, for the next year, we expect that INR 10 to INR 12 crore 
would be going in for the Senator publicity etc. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Sir, more so I was referring to the total expense which includes team building exercise, 
store opening and other overheads. So, we had losses this year. So, just wanted to get 
the broad math right? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
The salary expenses for Senator and Polipluz in the current year were in the region of 
INR 6.5 crore for Senator and INR 3.3 crore for Polipluz. Going forward, we expect INR 
8.5 crore for Senator and INR 7 crore for Polipluz, 15.5 crore for both of them taken 
together.  
In publicity, we expect to do something like INR 10 to INR 12 crore next year. So, salary 
expenses are not going to be constant. As of now, the total the structure has already 
been setup. And so that amount would now be remaining more or less constant at 
INR 15.5 to INR 16 crore. Publicity as for the next year is budgeted as 10-12, may 
increase again going forward in FY28. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Right. So, this year losses were what, to the tune of INR 15 - 16 crore? 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
This year the total losses were in the region of INR 7 crore for Senator and for Polipluz it 
was in the region of INR 1.5 crore. The total losses were in the range of INR 8.5 crore. 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we will take that as the last question. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Chaudhary: 
Thank you, everyone, for attending this call and for showing interest in Cera 
Sanitaryware Limited. Should you need any further clarification or would like to know 
more about the Company, please feel free to reach out to me or to CDR India. Thank 
you once again for taking the time to join the call.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of CDR India and Cera Sanitaryware Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.  
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility 
of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
 
