 
 
formerly known as Laxmi Dental Export Private Limited 
Registered Office: 103, Akruti Arcade, Opposite A H Wadia High School, Near Azad Nagar Metro Station, Andheri (West), Mumbai –400058. 
Tel: 022 61437991 | Email: info@laxmidentallimited.com | Website: www.laxmidentallimited.com 
CIN No: L51507MH2004PLC147394 | GST No: 27AABCL0001A1ZL 
 
 
 
Date: May 30, 2026 
 
To, 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544339 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: LAXMIDENTL 
 
Re: LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED - ISIN: INE0WO601020 
 
Dear Sir(s)/Madam(s),  
 
Sub: - Transcript of the Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Laxmi Dental Limited (“Company”) 
 
Further to our intimations dated May 18, 2026 and May 22, 2026 and pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 30 read with Para A Part A Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (“SEBI Listing 
Regulations”), we are enclosing the Transcript of the ‘Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call’ (i.e., Post 
Earnings/Quarterly Call), organized by Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited on Friday, May 22, 2026 
at 10:00 A.M. (IST), wherein, inter-alia, the audited financial results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026, were discussed.  
 
The aforementioned transcript of the ‘Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call’ (i.e., Post Earnings/Quarterly 
Call) is also uploaded on the Company’s website at www.laxmidentallimited.com. 
  
Kindly take the above on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Laxmi Dental Limited 
(Formerly known as Laxmi Dental Export Private Limited) 
 
 
 
-------------------------------------------------- 
Suman Saha 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership Number: A33035 
 
Encl.: As above. 
SUMAN 
SAHA
Digitally signed by SUMAN 
SAHA 
Date: 2026.05.30 15:04:45 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Laxmi Dental Limited Q4 FY '26 Results Conference 
Call” 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on May 22, 2026, will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH KHAKHAR - CHAIRPERSON AND WHOLE-
TIME DIRECTOR, LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED 
MR. SAMEER MERCHANT - MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CEO, LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED 
MR. DHARMESH DATTANI - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, LAXMI DENTAL LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. TUSHAR MANUDHANE - MOTILAL OSWAL 
FINANCIAL SERVICES 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Laxmi Dental Q4 FY '26 Results 
Conference Call hosted by Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
This conference may contain forward looking statements about the company which are based on 
the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements 
do not guarantee the future performance of the company and it may involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks, Rohit. Good morning, everyone, myself Tushar Manudhane on behalf of Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services welcome you all to Q4 & FY '26 Earnings Conference Call of Laxmi Dental 
Ltd. 
From the management side, we have with us today Mr. Rajesh Khakhar – Chairperson and 
Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sameer Merchant – Managing Director & CEO and Mr. Dharmesh 
Dattani – Chief Financial Officer. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Khakhar for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Khakhar: 
Thank you so much, Tushar, for the introduction. Good morning, everybody. Warm welcome to 
all of you and thanks for joining our Earnings Call. 
On this call, we are joined by our MD and CEO – Sameer Merchant; CFO – Mr. Dharmesh 
Dattani and Strategic Growth Advisor, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
The Results and the Presentations are uploaded on the Stock Exchange and Company website. I 
hope everybody has had a chance to look at them. 
I am pleased to share that Q4 FY '26 has panned out as per our expectations and we close the 
year with a strong exit quarter, delivering highest ever quarterly numbers across key metrics. 
Our annual performance is especially noteworthy as it was delivered amid a challenging global 
environment marked by US tariff volatility, intensifying competition in the domestic  aligner 
segment, labor code transitions and several other external headwinds during FY '26. We remain 
vigilant in the evolving microeconomics and geopolitical landscape and continue to respond 
with agility and resilience. 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Revenue for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR 74 crores, representing year-on-year growth of 22%. Gross 
profit margin stood at 70.5%, which is a minor improvement sequentially despite a relatively 
higher sales contribution from scanners, which usually comes at a lower margin. Excluding 
scanner sales, our gross margin for core dental business remains stable at around 76% in Q4 FY 
'26. 
Scanner plays a strategic and important role in advancing our digital dentistry mission, which is 
driving the growth of core dental business in the long-term scenario. It is profitable position for 
the business towards digitalization and with a relatively lower margin  profile. This represents a 
win-win situation for both Laxmi Dental as well as dentists. 
EBITDA and PAT margins for the quarter were recorded at a healthy level of 18.3% and 13.6% 
respectively. The improvement in the margin is despite a half-quarter impact of US tariff, 
weighing on our EBITDA margin by around 74 bps. Currently, the tariff situation is better and 
we are paying about 10% tariff on our US exports. In line with this, our international piece of 
business is growing at a healthy pace and we expect a healthy momentum to continue throughout 
the year. Given the operational environment remains stable going ahead, we are also 
continuously working on diversifying our international business across other geographies. 
Further, on the West Asia conflict, we do not see any major impact during the quarter. Business 
comes from the region which does not have any material impact on the overall scheme of things. 
Considering multiple unusual difficulties and micro-challenges throughout the year, along with 
a soft third quarter, we still close FY '26 with a healthy growth of 16.2% year-on- year while 
recording a good set of margins. EBITDA margins stood at 15.6% and PAT recorded 10.4% for 
the year. FY '26 has not been without challenges, but every challenge has made us a stronger, 
more resilient organization. 
Our decision to defend our scanner deployment strategy, invest in AI capabilities through AI 
dent, and aggressively pursue export certifications reflects our continuous efforts towards long-
term growth aspirations. These are the seeds of the next phase of growth. 
Now I will request Sameer to give you some more color on our business performance during the 
quarter. Thank you. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you, Rajesh bhai. As mentioned in the previous quarter, we had undertaken few corrective 
measures and implemented innovative strategies, marking 4th Quarter as a recovery quarter just 
like we anticipated. I am pleased to share that the company delivered a strong and a broad-based 
performance across all business segments during the quarter. 
This performance reflects the consistent efforts and disciplined execution of our sales and 
operations team. During the quarter, we focused on increasing our digital penetration via scanner 
sales, expanded our geographic reach through promotional activities, and improved our 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
operational efficiencies with innovative processes and systems. And lastly, launched a new AI-
connected remote dental platform known as iScope 360. 
Dentistry is evolving drastically and has reached a stage where presence is not limited to a dental 
chair. The product iScope 360 offers a remote scanning, real-time monitoring, oral health 
tracking, and virtual consultation without a physical clinic visit. This not only improves the 
efficiency of a dentist but also helps to save patient's time and offers flexibility and convenience. 
This can be an additional offering that we are providing to our dentist network. 
Now I will take you through the segmental performance for the quarter. Our dental lab business 
recorded its highest ever quarterly revenue of Rs. 45.9 crore with a growth of 27% year-on-year. 
This growth was driven by a strong recovery in the domestic business coupled with the highest 
ever revenue from our international operations. Our international lab business delivered a robust 
growth of 40.9% YOY. In USA, we continued to absorb higher tariff cost in the first half of the 
quarter which was normalized in the latter half. However, due to uncertain environment, the 
scale-up in the US business happened gradually in a cautious manner. In addition to USA, we 
remain focused in expanding our product reach with deeper penetration into other countries and 
also working towards adding new markets. Overall momentum remains positive for the 
international business while maintaining a healthy profitability. 
Speaking of domestic business, it delivered a solid growth of 16.3% year-on-year. We were able 
to sail through near-term headwinds in this business and delivered revenues of Rs. 23.7 crores. 
We remain committed towards scaling this business meaningfully on the back of industry 
consolidation, rising awareness, AI-enabled technology innovations, brand play and stricter 
regulatory norms. 
The aligner solutions business also delivered a stable performance for the quarter. Bizdent, our 
clear aligner business in India, witnessed a meaningful recovery from the previous quarter and 
recorded a healthy growth of 10.9% on YOY basis. Vedia, our aligner raw metal business, 
remained stable sequentially and reported a revenue of Rs. 7.3 crores. As this business has large 
international presence, some delay in orders were observed due to the higher freight cost in the 
month of March led by the global uncertainties. The business evolved into an important growth 
driver for the company and we remain confident in its healthy growth prospects going forward. 
Speaking of our pediatric dental business, Kids-e-Dental, the revenue stood for the quarter at Rs. 
5.4 crores. 
Now, our digital penetration in the domestic lab business stands at around 80% and we are 
targeting over 90% digital penetration over the medium-term. Each scanner placed is a long-
term revenue driver for our laboratory and aligners. 
I want to reaffirm our conviction in the long-term opportunity before us. India's dental market is 
structurally under-penetrated and the shift towards digital dentistry is accelerating the business. 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
And Laxmi Dental, as India's only fully integrated dental products company, is uniquely 
positioned to lead this transformation. Thank you and I now hand over it to Mr. CFO, Dharmesh 
Dattani, to take it forward. 
Dharmesh Dattani: 
Thank you so much. Allow me to walk you through our financial performance. 
Let me give you a glance at our consolidated financial performance during Q4 FY '26. We 
achieved our highest ever revenue from operations at Rs. 74 crores, reflecting a healthy YOY 
growth of  21.9% compared to Rs. 60.7 crores last year. 
Gross profit for the quarter increased by 9.1% YOY to Rs. 52.1 crores with gross margins 
coming in at 70.5%. 
Employee costs for the quarter stood at Rs. 26.8 crores, remaining stable sequentially and 
registering a YOY increase of 9.6%. 
Other expenses for the quarter stood at Rs. 11.9 crores as compared to Rs. 13.8 crores in the 
corresponding period last year. It includes an ECL credit of Rs. 91 lakhs in Q4 FY '26. 
The company reported EBITDA of Rs. 13.5 crores for the quarter, up 41.8% YOY, while 
EBITDA margins expanded to 18.3% compared to 15.7% in the same period last year. Adjusted 
EBITDA, which includes recorded EBITDA, 60% of Kids-e-Dental PAT, 49% of IDBG AI 
Dent PAT and ESOP expenses, this stood at Rs. 13.1 crores. 
For better understanding of our performance, one can look at the Profit Before Tax and 
Exceptional Items which has almost doubled from Q4 FY '25 and stood at Rs. 11.1 crores. 
Finance costs for the quarter stood at Rs. 0.3 crores compared to Rs. 1.3 crores last year. The 
company remains debt-free. 
Recorded tax benefit of INR 1.3 crores in Q4 FY '26 related to the one-time exceptional item on 
gratuity expense recognized in Q3 FY '26 pursuant to changes in the labor code. We reported a 
profit after tax of Rs. 10.1 crores for the quarter compared to Rs. 4.3 crores in Q4 FY' 25. 
Coming to our FY '26 performance, revenue from operations stood at Rs. 277.9 crores, 
registering a growth of 16.2% over Rs. 239.1 crores in the previous year. EBITDA for the period 
stood at Rs. 43.4 crores while adjusted EBITDA came in at Rs. 51.1 crores. Profit Before Tax 
and Exceptional Items stood at Rs. 34.7 crores with 40% YOY growth. The company reported 
a profit after tax of Rs. 28.9 crores with a margin of 10.4%. 
We have done a CAPEX of around Rs. 18.4 crores in FY '26. Our cash and bank balance 
including investments stood at around Rs. 99 crores. 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a 
question may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from 
the question queue you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking 
a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. Our first question comes from the line of Ajay with Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Ajay: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the performance. Sir, my question is on the 
aligner business. Sir, first of all, if you can maybe break the export and domestic mix in the 
aligner business for both Bizdent and Vedia and Sir, business side question on Bizdent. Sir, when 
I see the Bizdent revenue maybe for FY '25 versus FY '26, it has more or less remained flat. And 
I mean, the Indian domestic aligner business market is clearly growing at a very rapid pace. And 
in Q4, we have gained some momentum on this side of business. Sir, can you please break down 
the Bizdent performance in terms of volume growth or the price change or what percentage of 
Q4 recovery was pricing normalization or was it like any genuine volume recovery? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you. I think coming to your two questions, now between Bizdent and Vedia, in terms of 
aligner, Bizdent is purely domestic and Vedia, it is a raw metal business where minor percentage 
is India, but majority of the percentage is international. 
Now, coming to a question of Bizdent, yes, I think in last couple of quarters, we explained about 
the situation regarding the pricing pressure. But we wanted on our side as management to 
preserve the margins. And I think we have done that. That is what it shows. And like you said, 
we have seen recovery back in Q4. And we are confident that as we move forward, we will keep 
evaluating whether in terms of putting pressure on the pricing versus margins and growing. So, 
that's the balanced approach that we will always keep evaluating internally. And based on that, 
we will keep taking action in the future. 
Coming back to your question of aligners growing, yes, it's growing. But we as management, 
we always see if the growth is coming at the cost of the margins, then we always have a balanced 
approach. But moving forward, we are confident that we have done a few new things. And one 
of the things that we spoke about in the presentation is iScope 360 that also helps to monitor 
aligner, which as an Indian company, we are first to launched in India, a remote aligner 
monitoring service. So, this value add should give us some headwinds towards the aligner 
business in the future. 
Ajay: 
I understood, sir. So, sir, you said that Vedia is majorly for export market. So, sir, I wanted to 
understand like, I mean, then basically external customers for whom we are selling in the export 
market are able to scale up faster than our Bizdent part. I mean, does that suggest like 
competition or gaining share at our extent like because we are supplying the components which 
make those aligners. So, maybe if you can help us understand on that side, or maybe is it 
something to do with approvals, which we are yet remaining with? 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, I think the material business is sold through a distributor in different parts of the world. So, 
if you are selling, say, in 30, 40, 50 countries, we have distributors who are selling it to either 
orthodontist in their respective country or aligner companies. So, technically, there is no 
competition because as Illusion aligners we are not in Germany, we are not in Spain, we are not 
in other countries where we are actively competing with them to get the aligner business. So, 
this is the material business that we are selling. So, irrespective of us selling, they are currently 
buying, say, from two or three different companies, which are present in their country. So, we 
are one of them. And we are trying to also expand our material business since we have worked 
hard a lot in the past in creating this material business for our company. And it's been almost 6-
7 years that we have done this. And we have started penetrating in multiple countries very 
recently. Some of them are older, some of them are very newer based on registrations. So, we 
are confident that this business, we should be able to expand it in multiple countries. And we 
should see some good results over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Ajay: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my next question is on the scanner business, that I guess we took a, I mean, 
strategic decision of deploying scanner at a rapid pace, maybe that will help us gain the 
laboratory business. So, Sir wanted to ask, like, we have again aggressive plan on the scanner 
deployment. So, post the last 2-3 quarters, the strategic decision, what percentage of scanner-
equipped dentists are now maybe sending us our digital lab orders, or how has that percentage 
increased? And from those laboratory orders, how is the translation to maybe the aligner 
business? And are we seeing any average order value increase from a scanner dentist versus 
maybe a non-scanner dentist who doesn't use that? That will help us understand the business or 
how the strategy is panning out. 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, I will give you some answers. I can't give you all the answers because there are a lot of IP of 
how we do the scanner business. But on a general sense, a scanner dentist will always have 
higher growth than a non-scanner dentist. So, if you speak to any of the dentists that, you go to 
if they have a scanner, this can be validated by any dentist that if I deploy a scanner in my 
practice, I am bound to grow by some percentage faster than the dentist who is non-digital. So, 
in terms of our revenues, yes, I can say that any scanner dentist will always have slightly more 
revenue in terms of percentage, and they will keep growing in the future as compared to a non-
digital dentist. And even if you see our today's percentage of physical versus digital, we are 
already 80% digital. So, 80% of the impressions coming in for crown, bridges, aligners, and all 
of that amalgamated is, you know, on the aligner side is almost very, very high because we 
started the business very recently, three or four years back. And the combined ratio is about 80%. 
So, the goal is to reach a threshold of 90%. 
Ajay: 
Understood, sir. And so like, I mean, just on the, like, increasing prescription from, are we seeing 
positivity on that front? If you can comment anything on that? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Definitely, you see, that's why, you know, the numbers in Q4 are speaking for itself that we have 
seen positive intent. But moving forward, you know, see, we always want to separate our core 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
business from the scanner business. Scanner business is for us an enabler. So, as we keep moving 
forward in the scanner business, we have to see that, as we keep maintaining our profitability on 
the scanner business, we keep moving ahead. I think in the future, there'll be a time where 
scanner will become more of a commodity business. So, the goal right now is to deploy as many 
as possible before it becomes that, and try and leverage the network that we are building of the 
scanner doctors in terms of growth for our aligner and dental business both. 
Ajay: 
Understood. And sir, one last question. 
Moderator:                           Sorry to interrupt Ajay I would request you to rejoin the queue. Thankyou. Our reminder to all 
participants you may press * and 1 to ask a question.Thank you. The next question comes from 
the line of Kaushal Shah with Dhanki Securities. Please go ahead. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Congratulations, sir. Great set of numbers for Q4. So, just some detailing on the aligner business. 
You spoke about Vedia and Bizdent both. But if you can just maybe throw some more color on 
the challenges we are facing both in Vedia, Bizdent, of course, has seen some recovery in Q4 
versus Q3. But Vedia business, I mean, despite, you know, I would presume the INR would have 
depreciated by maybe 5% Q4 versus Q3. But despite that, our numbers are lower compared to 
Q3. So, are these kinds of structural challenges or we see them reversing in this year? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, I don't think in fact, you know, on Q4, we mentioned that there were some shipments, which 
we could not send because of the higher freight costs for the current situation because the freight 
cost was almost double or some in scenarios almost 3x. But on a YOY side, if you see year on 
year, Vedia has done good growth. And even in the future, expect that it will grow nice. So, we 
do this for only short term, I would say, March being a quarter end, if the shipments can't be sent 
in March, if it's sent in April, then the revenue cannot be recorded. But on a YOY basis, it has 
done well. And we don't see any uncertainty in this business. 
Kaushal Shah: 
On the Bizdent side, sir, how do you see the prospects? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Even on Bizdent, Q4, like it showed that it's going up, we feel they are putting in a lot of efforts. 
And like I said, you know, maintaining margins is one of our important criteria. But at the same 
time, I think it will also grow. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Sir, so next up the lab division. We are at I mean, Q4 numbers are obviously much better than 
what we have done in the last 3-4 quarters. In terms of trajectory, how do we see this both 
domestic as well as international panning out? We are at roughly, let's say Rs. 40-45 crores 
quarterly run rate. Let's say over the next two years or so, where do we see that run rate going 
to? Maybe, quarterly there can be too many variations, but on a yearly basis, if you can also 
comment. 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, I think even if you see, dental lab business for both domestic and international, international 
has done better. But on both sides, we are confident on the next two to three years that this will 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
continue growing. Now to give you a pinpoint number today as on today may not be possible. 
But if you see in the most challenging year post our first IPO first year, we have had so many 
challenges from labor codes to tariffs to a lot of other situations, we have still done well. So, that 
tells you the resilience that we have as an organization. And, you know, if the situation persists, 
what it is right now, in terms of micro dynamics, you know, we are still doing well. And the 
situation becomes favorable, you know, I am sure we will do better. 
Kaushal Shah: 
Sure. And finally, sir, on the scanner sales, if you can share the volume that we have done for 
the current quarter, the volume? 
Sameer Merchant: 
For the current quarter? Yes definitely.   
Kaushal Shah:                      Yes, the volume. 
Sameer Merchant:                211, on a yearly basis, 1009. 
Kaushal Shah: 
All right. That's it Sir. Thank you so much. 
Sameer Merchant:               Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar with Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar:                  Hello, Thank you very much, sir, for this opportunity. So, just wanted to understand now this, 
this quarter, we have seen a very good margin improvement, right? I mean, I believe that is 
largely because of operating leverage, because your revenue has improved with maintaining 
your gross margin, but your cost side, it has remained largely flattish. So, how should we look 
at margins going forward? I mean, do you expect this margin to continue? Or anything on that 
front would be very helpful. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Sure. So, our nature of business is such that as the revenues improve, our COGS are pretty much 
stable. Our people cost is pretty much stable in line. And, COGS may go proportionate to the 
sales, but people cost will be disproportional to the sales. That's the plan moving forward, 
because we are investing in a lot of automation, we are investing in a lot of digital dentistry. So, 
based on those parameters, it should definitely be in this range. Our goal internally is to improve 
this and we feel it will improve. But you know, how and when will pan out as we move towards 
year one, year two. But in terms of fundamental of business, as we keep growing the business, 
our cost structure, especially in terms of people will have that impact. And we will definitely get 
the operational leverage as we move forward. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, so FY '27, we maintain such kind of margin for next year, FY '27? 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Sameer Merchant: 
I wish I could guide you at this point in time. But you know how the situation is. But on our side, 
internally, if you ask us, we definitely want to do better than what we have done over the next 
two to three years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, what we have done and how should one look at your growth for next two, three years? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I would say similar, what we have done in the past, if you see what we have done in the last 
couple of years, I would say, over the last year, we did, last to last year was 24%. This year was 
16%. Even in the situation, which was very tough. So, we don't see a challenge that in over the 
next two, three years, we should grow at a similar trajectory. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, a 20% CAGR is a fair kind of? 
Sameer Merchant: 
No, no I am not commenting on that on that number. But like I said, we have done 16 in the 
probably the toughest year possible. So, based on that, I think we will do fine over the next two, 
three years. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, I understood. And then what any CAPEX plan for FY'27? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Yes, we have the IPO proceeds still with us in terms of CAPEX. We have done, like Dharmesh 
bhai said, about Rs. 18 crores last year. So, we plan to deploy CAPEX based on the operational 
capabilities. So, we see the revenues growing and based on that, we will keep balancing out 
CAPEX. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, and just one last thing, what's our export revenue share? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Export revenue is about 33%-34%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And you expect to increase and how should one look at its trajectory? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think, both sides have tremendous potential, whether it's export or domestic. So, again, if you 
ask us, we are not more focused always on what's the percentage, for us, what's the opportunity. 
If the opportunity on the export side is faster, better, the energies are put that way, the 
opportunities on India side is better, we will do that. And if both sides are looking, in terms of 
macro dynamics, very potential, then we will push on those sides as well. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay okay. That's very helpful. I wish you all the best. Thank you so much. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you so much. Thank you 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our reminder to all participants you may press * and 1 to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane with Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, just on the iScope 360, if you can, while the launch has been 
recent, but seems a pretty interesting product, maybe initial filler, and is there any competition 
for such product? You know, if you can throw some light on this? That's my first question. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you, Tushar. I think that product is interesting. It took some time for us to get it because 
we believe the future of dentistry is not just a clinic visit. There has to be tools which can enable 
the patient and the dentist to do remote dentistry. Now, tele medical and a lot of situations have 
already had this feature where you don't need to visit a doctor, you can consult a doctor online. 
You can get your blood test in your own city and the doctor could be in any city, but you can 
still consult because every information can be shared digitally. In dentistry, that's one of the 
challenges where the intraoral situation of the patient is very hard for the dentist to gauge apart 
from the x-ray. So, this is where this makes it makes it very active for aligner patient, they don't 
need to visit often the dentist, they can just send their pictures and the dentist can know how the 
treatment is going. So, it improves the efficacy of the treatment, it improves the compliance of 
the patient. 
In terms of oral health, it's quite surprising that majority of patients in India have an oral health 
situation, but they don't know about it. So, if you use this, in about two minutes, you use your 
regular phone. Now, iScope 360 can be connected to any phone that you have. So, you can use 
your normal phone connected, scan within a minute, and you will be able to see if there are any 
issues, whether it's plaque, whether it's tartar, whether it's cavities, whether it's gum lacerations, 
all of that can be viewed instantly. And the third part, which is again very interesting is the 
dentist can connect over a video call using this Scope, checking intraoral mouth situation. So, 
we are very, I would say excited about the whole prospect. Like you said, it's just a very recent 
launch, it may take, you know, a little bit of time in adoption understanding, but this is the future. 
It has been done in US and Europe, not to the extent that we have launched. We are only doing 
currently aligner monitoring, we have launched the three bouquets of whole product, which is 
the monitoring the health and the video call. So, while we are excited, we will keep evaluating 
how they move in India and across the world. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, this would be like complimentary to the scanners or this is like a sort of a dentist will have 
to have a different sort of an agreement for this? And this is specifically only sort of, what do I 
say, it's kind of a razor blade only for Laxmi Dental product users or the doctors who are 
onboarded only on the Laxmi Dental platform  If you can elaborate on that 
Sameer Merchant: 
So currently it is on Laxmi Dental platform doctors in India, at the same time, we are evaluating 
the export options as well, because this product can be used by basically any dentist in any 
territory of the world since it's a digital product. And this is more of a B2B2C where, you know, 
as a patient now, you we have a child at home, so we have our parents at home, we have our 
NRI friends, we have a foreign tourist, how do they connect to a dentist? What is the way the 
dentist can evaluate the intraoral situation of a patient without the patient visiting in clinic? This 
is a tool which helps that. So, there are a lot of videos that we have posted on YouTube and 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Instagram for people to see of how this can be done. And like I said, we are genuinely excited, 
this does not compete with the scanner. In fact, it's complimentary to the scanner. Now scanner 
is when the patient comes to the clinic. But if the patient is at home or in any other city, how do 
you evaluate intraoral a lot of times and I will tell you my personal experience, I was traveling 
in Europe. And, eating those European breads, I got some gum lacerations. So, I didn't know 
what to do, what medicine to take. So, I contacted my dentist, because it was the back of the 
teeth, the photos couldn't be taken. Fortunately, I had the scope, used, scanned, the dentist saw 
it live and said, you know what Sameer looks okay, just go to any pharmacy shop in Germany, 
ask for this medicine, not the brand name, but this medicine. I took it applied for two days and 
it's done. Otherwise, as a patient, you wouldn't know what's going on. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, how are you going to charge these two patients because it is like, of course, you are reducing 
the communication gap for sure. But then as a user or as a doctor, is there any subscription charge 
to this? Or what is the mode of revenue? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, there is the revenue is first to sell the scope. So, the scope is currently retailed at about Rs. 
2000. So, that the dentist can sell to the patient at a retail price, and we will give it to the dentist. 
So, it is dentist driven. So, basically, there's a lot of loyalty factor that we have built. So, if a 
dentist gives you a Scope, you cannot use the app and the Scope unless you connect to a dentist. 
As an independent patient, you can't because you don't know where to send it. So, dentist gives 
you the Scope, he connects you over QR code or sending you an invitation on your email address. 
That's how you get connected to the dentist. After that, once they start using the Scope, there are 
subscription points that the dentist have to buy, a point for every oral health situation, a point for 
every VC call, a point for every time he wants to evaluate you. So, that the dentist buys those 
points. And then it's between the dentist and the patient of how he wants to offer the service. 
Does he want to offer you a paid service? You have already done aligners worth say one lakh 
from him, he wants to offer you complimentary, you have had an implant done from him or a 
crown done from him and he wants to offer to this complimentary to you or he wants to charge 
you. That's at the discretion of the dentist. But our business is with the dentist. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, sorry for this extending this but probably if you can make this available on let's say a 
pharmacy so that you know, then on one side you have patients on another side you have a group 
of dentists who a patient can look at and probably get them service on the portal rather than 
specifically restricting himself to a particular doctor. 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, in the future, again, it's very dynamic in nature how this business will pan out. Like I said, 
it's just very, very recent, probably a week or two that it has been launched. The dentist has to 
educate the patient here first. I think the education part is a very important aspect over the next 
one or two years in terms of patient understanding how to use it, when to use it, how to connect 
with your trusted dentist, usually patient don't change the dentist very easily. So, that trust factor 
of the dentist to the patient is very important. In the future, if things may pan out, if we want to, 
give this over a B2C or direct platform that can be evaluated. But today we feel the dentist has 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
to be involved in this ecosystem to explain to the patient of how to use, when to use and how to 
diagnose the right situation. That is the current goal. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it. Very well said. Thanks a lot. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nitish Gupta with Samrudh Bharat. Please 
go ahead. 
Nitish Gupta: 
Hello 
Moderator:                           Yes, Nitish please go ahead with your questions. 
Nitish Gupta:                         So, I just want to understand the export percentage to the US and after this trade deal normalization, 
what we can expect?  
Sameer Merchant: 
Sure. So, currently, the US percentage is 20% of our revenue. And, at 10%, the situation is, I 
would say better than 50%. But before it was zero to us. So, there is still some percentage. But I 
think the US has done well, if you look at a number, the US has done well. And we don't see any 
situation of why it should not keep doing well for the next few years. I think we are positioned 
very well. We have done a lot of work in the US over the past years. At 10%, it's not a deal 
breaker. So, 10% does not create a situation where business can't be done. You know, 50% was 
very, very steep. So, over the medium to long term, we don't see it as an issue. 
Nitish Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. A reminder to all participants you may press * and 1 to ask a question. The next 
question comes from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inork Advisors . Please go ahead.  
There is no response from the participant we move to other participants. 
The next is Ajay with Niveshaay. Please go ahead 
Ajay: 
Thanks for the follow up opportunity. So, my question is on the competition, maybe if you can 
elaborate. So, for the export market for laboratory, I guess Heartland Dental was our one of the 
largest US DSO partner. And the U.S. is I guess, around 20% of the company's revenue. So, 
wanted to understand like, is there any renewal or contract review timeline with Heartland Dental 
because of the maybe tariff situation and how things are quite uncertain over there. So, is there 
any renewal or any change in the contract? And I also wanted to understand like, I mean, we had 
plans of adding a few more DSOs. So, any update on that? Or what timelines are we expecting 
to maybe add those things? 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, I think to your question number one, there has been no change. In fact, like I said, the 
situation has become better than what it was 50% to 10%. So, we don't see any challenge for the 
U.S. business. And regarding adding DSOs, I think even if we add probably will not call out  in 
a calls. If the U.S. business is doing well, I think we are happy and shareholders should be happy 
that it's going well. Heartland all out was the special because they are the biggest in the world. 
So, this was more of an assurance to the shareholders that if you are able to get someone like 
Heartland over us, then it's an important piece that our quality standards, a lot of our business 
standards are at a good level. So, based on that future we will keep adding and we have added 
and we will keep adding in the future also different DSOs. 
Ajay: 
So, Sir just one question on this follow up. So, like, so in our U.S. export revenue, Heartland 
would be the major contributor? 
Sameer Merchant: 
No, we are pretty diversified. 
Ajay: 
And sir, on the domestic competition, I guess, because there are a lot of regional players and 
also the industry is quite unorganized and there is a lot of funding activity as well, like players 
like I mean, I don't want to really name but... 
Sameer Merchant: 
See, competition, Ajay, have been since 35 years of us doing business. Was there competition 
or not? The answer is yes. 20 years later, will there be competition? The answer is yes. So, that 
will never change. You know, in the past, probably non funded competitors and now funded 
competitors. But we are also funding, we are sitting with Rs. 99 crores in hand. So, we know 
how to deploy, where to deploy. 
Ajay: 
Agreed, sir. Just wanted to ask more on like, how is the situation maybe in terms of maybe, is it 
like we have to provide more credit or how are we maybe trying to beat that competition or gain 
more market share? The question was more on that. I truly agree the competition has been there 
and Laxmi has been growing very well and fighting this competition. But wanted to understand 
more on how do we strategize to win the market share over the years? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, now, in general, I can't tell you what we do. I cannot give you details of how we want to win 
over the market. But in general, what we have done in the past, you know, innovation is one of 
the key components that we always keep innovating. Digitization, we have already called out 
that we will digitize. And then there are a lot of other micro and macro things that we will do 
based on the understanding of market experience to grow this. But on the general, I can tell you 
that, we will always try and win over the dentists with our digital automation and the innovation 
that we will bring to the market. 
Ajay: 
Got it. Sir, one question on the Kids-e-Dental and the Pediatric Dental. So, I guess you mentioned 
that international registrations are in progress. So, wanted to understand maybe if you can give 
some timeline for the maybe EU or U.S. approval and the revenue potential once the approval 
comes through? 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Sameer Merchant: 
I think the question to the potential is very good. Coming back to the timeline, I think in the past 
we have tried. But again, this is all regulatory bodies. So, it's very, very hard to predict. They 
give us a timeline. We probably call out a timeline. Sometimes it happens, sometimes it doesn't 
happen. Because that's completely out of our control. And when they give us a timeline, it's 
always a very tentative. There is nothing to go back to them and tell them, you said it will be 
done in 6 months. Why is it 9 months? Or you said it will take 2 years. Why is it taking two and 
half years? They don't answer you. So, right now, like you said, we are in active phase of 
registration. We have cleared a few steps of registration. How and when it will come, as it comes, 
I think the good thing that we should do is once the registration comes, we should call out that, 
we have achieved the registration versus giving a timeline. 
Ajay: 
Got it, sir. And, sir, like, because we are sitting on a lot of cash, so are we also looking for any 
acquisition or merger with maybe some of the smaller labs to consolidate the market or acquiring 
some IP or tech from in the aligners to maybe differentiate further ourselves? Or is it like we 
just focus on organic growth from now onwards? 
Sameer Merchant: 
I can't give you all the details. But what we can tell you is since day 1, when we started the 
business or even today post our IPO, we always keep our eyes and ears open. If there is an 
opportunity, we will decide. We will see if it brings value to Laxmi Dental, we will go ahead 
with the opportunity. When, which sector, what type of situation that we will call out once it's 
done and not before that. 
Ajay: 
Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aakash with Investec Capital Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Aakash: 
Hi, sir. And congratulations on the recovery in 4th Quarter. So, just some broad-based questions, 
sir. In third quarter, you have told that the EBITDA margins of 18% to 20% and gross margins 
of 75% to 80% will eventually be achieved by FY '27 or FY '28. So, and also the PAT margins 
of 13% to 15%. Now, given the overall geographical construct and your recovery, do you still, 
do you still keep or maintain the same? 
Sameer Merchant: 
Okay, so if you see what we have done for the quarter or even on yearly basis, we have 
maintained those margins or gross margins, removing the scanner is at 75%, EBITDA margins 
for the quarter is at 18%. So, we again are confident to, I think, do what we have done in the 
past. But again, calling out anything today based on the current situation is not what we want to 
do today. And we will come back to you with an appropriate time when we feel that we can give 
this call out. But today, I think what two parts, one, I think we have done well. So, it's a good 
sign for the company. And two, that is an answer to everyone that we will keep doing well. 
Whatever has happened in Q3 was an exception. In the future, unless something major comes 
up micro dynamic, which is out of our control, anything which is out of our control it's very 
difficult for us to give an answer to. But we at the management for 35 years have been working 

 
Laxmi Dental Limited 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
extremely hard to make sure that we succeed. And we really want to do well in this space, 
because there is tremendous opportunity. The awareness is increasing, in terms of the global 
positioning, things are hopefully in the future will become fine. So, I think we are pretty 
confident internally. 
Aakash: 
Alright, sir. And sir, just one last question. Sir, I kind of did some sort of channel checks with 
some of the dentists. And when it comes to invisible aligners, I think that not many have heard 
about, Laxmi's products. So, how do you see your product faring versus the other well-known 
competitors in the market? 
Sameer Merchant: 
So, I think one thing we try and explain to a lot of investors and shareholders is in India, Laxmi 
Dental Limited, if you ask someone, especially dentists, they will not know, investor community, 
because they keep tracking, they will know. Dentists in India know us as Illusion. So, whether 
it is Illusion Dental, which is our lab or Illusion aligners, which is our aligner business. So, if 
you ask for that, they would have heard the name, if they are doing business or not, like I said, 
today we are doing business with 22,000 dentists and aligners, there are maybe 5,000- 6,000, -
7,000 dentists, India has 3 lakh dentists. So, there's definitely we have not reached to 3 lakh 
dentists, but that's the potential. That is where the potential lies that as an organization, we have 
just started branding our products. It's been, three or four years, and we feel over the long term, 
this branding will pay off and we will be accessible to many more dentists. 
Aakash: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Sameer Merchant: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Rajesh Khakhar: 
Thank you. With this, I conclude the call. If you have any further queries, please contact SGA, 
our investor relations advisors. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this earning calls. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
