 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
The Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
The Department of Corporate Services 
 
 
The Listing Department  
BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,   
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 539450 
 
 
 
     
Scrip Symbol: SHK 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Investor and Analysts 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call for investors and analysts on the Q4 & FY26 results 
organized virtually by the Company on Monday, May 18, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. IST. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.keva.co.in/transcript 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared by the Company during the said 
conference call. 
 
This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.keva.co.in.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
  
 
  
Deepti Chandratre 
Global Legal Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DEEPTI S 
CHANDRATR
E
Digitally signed by 
DEEPTI S CHANDRATRE 
Date: 2026.05.21 
17:48:34 +05'30'

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
S H Kelkar and Company Limited  
Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
May 18, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the S H Kelkar and Company Limited 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by CDR India.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded.  
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India for opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Anoop. 
Anoop Poojari:  
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on S H Kelkar and 
Company Limited's Q4 and FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call.  
We have with us Mr. Kedar Vaze, Whole-Time Director and Group CEO; Mr. B. 
Ramakrishnan, CEO Fragrances, Asia and USA; and Mr. Jagdish Agrawal, Group CFO 
of the company. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session.  
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the 
earnings presentation shared with you earlier.  
I would now like to invite Kedar to make his opening remarks. 
Kedar Vaze:  
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the S H Kelkar and Company 
earnings call for the fourth quarter and financial year 2026.  
Financial year 2026 was a year of steady progress for the company as we continued to 
strengthen the platform for the next phase of growth. Despite a dynamic operating 
environment, we delivered an encouraging revenue growth supported by resilient 
demand across all our core categories and steady progress in the new markets.  
A key focus during the year was on building capabilities that support growth on the 
longer term. Our Creative Development Centres across key markets are now playing an 
active role in new product development, customer engagement, and market-specific 
innovation. We are encouraged by the level of engagement with new and existing 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
customers as these centres become more integrated into our global innovation and 
delivery framework.  
In our industry, customer conversion and scale-up typically takes time given the nature 
of product development, testing, approvals, and adoption cycles. At the same time, once 
relationships are established and products are embedded in the customer portfolios, 
they tend to be long duration in nature. Therefore, while these centres will contribute 
progressively, we believe they have the potential to meaningfully transform our business 
profile over time.  As these capabilities mature, they will enhance our global relevance 
with customers, support higher quality, higher margin growth, and strengthen the 
company's position across key international markets.  
We are also making good progress on our expansion initiatives. The Almere factory at 
Netherlands, a greenfield facility, is now fully operational, thus debottlenecking our 
European growth, which was approaching full capacity utilization.  The Vanavate facility 
in Maharashtra is expected also to go on stream in the coming months. These additions 
will provide us greater operational capacity and support the ramp-up of business across 
the regions over the next few years. Along with the rebuilding of the Vashivali facility, 
these capacity additions are expected to address our requirements in the respective 
geographies for the foreseeable future. They will also strengthen our ability to respond 
to customer requirements more efficiently as we scale across domestic and international 
markets.  
These capacity additions, together with our investments in customer access, innovation, 
market-specific capabilities, provide a stronger capex-ready foundation for growth over 
the coming years.  
The broader environment continues to be fluid, evolving geopolitical developments and 
supply-side dynamics globally. However, our strong customer relationships, diversified 
presence, and improving operating platform positions us well to navigate these 
uncertainties and capitalize on the emerging opportunities.  
With that, let me hand over to Jagdish to walk you through the financials and key 
priorities. Over to you, Jagdish. 
Jagdish Agrawal:  
Thank you, Kedar. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining this earnings 
call.  
As we know the global environment continues to remain challenging with geopolitical 
and macroeconomic uncertainty impacting businesses across sectors. Despite this 
backdrop, the quarterly and annual results we shared last Friday reflect a performance 
that has remained broadly in line with our stated guidance. In many ways, these results 
reflect the preparatory actions we have been taking in anticipation of the current market 
situation. You would have noticed that during the quarter, we reported a one-off sale 
of approximately INR 35 crores of low-margin products as part of our ongoing 
portfolio optimization exercise.  

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
We are continuously reviewing our product and customer portfolio and taking 
conscious decisions to exit transactions that are structurally low margin and 
unsustainable, particularly in the current inflationary environment influenced by the 
Middle East situation and broader geopolitical developments. 
Our key objective remains clear, protecting margins while ensuring supply security for 
our customers. The situation remains highly dynamic especially with raw material prices 
witnessing frequent increases. In several cases, unless orders are blocked immediately, 
pricing can change materially even by the next day. Therefore, we continue to work very 
closely with our customers to ensure continuity of supply and operational stability. 
This approach may temporarily result in some inventory build-up and a short-term 
increase in borrowing levels. However, from a medium to long-term perspective our 
focus remains firmly on cash generation, strengthening the balance sheet, and reducing 
debt. From a profitability perspective, adjusted EBITDA stood at Rs. 83 crores, with 
margins at 13.5%, remaining steady on a sequential basis. 
As highlighted earlier, the operating environment remains dynamic, with raw material 
prices witnessing an increase due to geopolitical developments in the Middle East and 
evolving supply-side conditions. The current quarter did not see a meaningful impact 
from these pressures, supported by existing inventory coverage. However, these cost 
increases may reflect in the coming quarters, and we are actively working on appropriate 
pricing measures and cost optimisation initiatives to protect margins. PAT performance 
during the year was impacted by a higher effective tax rate at the consolidated level, 
reflecting the impact of losses in few subsidiaries.  
With that, we can now open the floor for questions or any feedback that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We take the first question from the line of Riddhesh Ram Gandhi from Discovery 
Capital.  
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: Yes, Hi Sir, you know, we have done about Rs. 350 crore of the capex in the last few 
years. You know, and despite actually all of this at the EBITDA level we are just not 
able to show growth. I understand that we have had a few industry headwinds. I 
understand that there is some amount of expansion for which there are operating 
actually losses. But I mean just want to understand your little thinking around how long 
it is going to take until the capex, and the business actually tends to give us the return 
ratios that typically this industry should be earning given, how sticky and high quality a 
business this is? 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Kedar Vaze:  
Yes, you are right. And the fact that we are going through the capex cycle in our industry 
we should also look at the Development Centre opex as a sort of capex because it takes 
2 to 3 years before we start to generate revenue on that. So, at this point we have the 
new initiatives last year which we have started in Germany, Manchester just came on 
stream this year and the US which came on stream last year. So, three centres which is 
almost Rs. 70 crore, to Rs. 80 crore of cost per year in opex are also of the nature of 
capex and they will start generating revenue after progressively, but after three years in 
term of breakeven.  
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: So, just to understand how much are our losses at the opex level right now? In these 
new initiatives and developments centres? 
Jagdish Agrawal:  
So, till that time these centres are not going to generate the revenues, these are going to 
be a cost centre only.  
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: Yes, so just want to understand how large is, how, I am saying how large are the losses 
which we are bearing in these? 
Jagdish Agrawal:  
It is roughly when you look at all these three combined in the range of Rs. 80 crore to 
Rs. 85 crore annually. 
Kedar Vaze:  
I would say the investments are to the tune of Rs. 80 crore to Rs. 85 crore because they 
are not losses, we are producing products, we are giving samples. So, the development 
work is happening. But it is to the tune of Rs. 80 crore, as Jagdish mentioned. 
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: So, you know, so if we add up the let us say Rs. 350 crore of the capex and let us say 
another, let us say Rs. 200 crore of operating losses which we are saying should be 
counted as opex, we are talking about Rs. 500 crore, Rs. 600 crore of investment here. 
I am assuming on the Rs. 500 crore, to Rs. 600 crore our internal hurdle rates would be 
to make at least a 18% to 20% return on equity on that investment over and above how 
much historically our business has been earning. So, is that what we are expecting to 
play out in the next 1 to 2 years? 
Kedar Vaze:  
That is what we are expecting, but it will not play out in 1 to 2 years, it will take longer 
than that. We are talking about markets which are 20x bigger than our original Indian 
market. So, we will take time to build the capability and the market size. But the growth 
runway is very, very large. We are talking about markets which are 20x to 25x bigger 
than the Indian markets. 
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: But is there a risk that this does not play out as per our plan or, or I mean is the traction 
which we are seeing and the response which we are seeing, are we on track, are we 
slightly behind schedule? Did we anticipate how hard it would be because obviously in 
these older markets it is also hard to break into these clients, right? 
Kedar Vaze:  
So, on these markets, we are on track. We have also already seen business in the US 
upwards of 1 million contracted, so we are on track for these markets. We have not 
anticipated and planned for any large capex in India. And unfortunately, due to the fire 
incident, we had to do substantial re-look and re-investment in the Indian capex. So, 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
this is the part where we have got a temporary setback when we will be able to build up 
our factories back this year and be ready to go again. 
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: Got it. And just further, is there any, like, a guidance you can give us for the year ahead? 
Kedar Vaze:  
I think this is a very, I would say, difficult question to answer. We are faced with an 
uncertain future on what is the raw material supply situation, what is the pricing and 
inflation as a result of the Iran-USA standoff. And given that, we are not really in a 
position to give you a full-year view. I think quarter 1 we have secured our business as 
both price increases as well as supply contracts and inventories, so we are on track for 
a normal quarter 1. 
Quarter 2 as well, I believe we have initiatives ready that are allowing us to maintain our 
margins and continue to grow. Thereafter, we will keep taking steps to ensure that we 
remain in line with the inflation and the market environment in all the regions that we 
are operating. I think, beyond the first half, it is very difficult to give a certain view of 
where the market is headed or what is the net results on the inflation and the growth 
rate that we can assume. As of now, we do not see any cause for concern for the first 
half of the year. We are adequately covered, we see more than enough growth and good 
win rates in term of our product range developments for last year. 
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: Okay fine. And just to understand, in the event that there are any issues with RM 
pricing etc., I am assuming we would be able to pass it on as per our contracts, right? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, we are in a position to pass on the raw material price increases. What we have also 
prepared is in term of raw material situation getting worse. As Jagdish already 
mentioned, we have transitioned out of Rs. 35 crore, which is roughly translating about 
Rs. 50 crore of annual business, which was low-margin or negative-margin in the new 
environment. We have transitioned out of that business with a one-time sale to these 
clients. 
 
We will continue to observe and closely monitor the sales. Given the raw material 
expected shortages and current price inflation, we will monitor closely where we are 
using the raw material. Our overall strategy would be to move the raw material, which 
I believe globally will not be available in its full entirety, to use the raw material for the 
right long-term clients and right margin profile clients. 
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: Good. And do we expect the margins at least going forward to now slightly, like, 
normalize towards the teens, low teens at least? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes. 
Riddhesh Ram Gandhi: Okay. And this we expect to happen this year itself? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, I think we will reach there quickly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Henil Bagadia from Equicorp. 
Please go ahead. 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Henil Bagadia: 
Given the current situation, sir, what is the impact in terms of your RM price increases 
given that even the citrus terpenes, that is orange, lemon, grapefruit, also have been 
impacted and the crude derivatives RMs also have been impacted? And since you spoke 
that you have taken increases, will there be an aberration what happened in past where 
we had actually piled up on high-cost inventories and it further took us 1 to 2 quarters 
to get back to normalize EBITDA even after the situation actually cooled down? So, do 
you see something like that even happening right now? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Not really. I think the inventory prices are going up, it is very difficult to put an exact 
number, but upwards of 12%, 13% plus. Pretty much across the Board, there is inflation 
in operations, in power and fuel, and we expect further inflation on these operating 
parameters. We are prudently ensuring that we have raw material at the right prices and 
we have contracts in place and material coming in. And then we are looking to sell to 
our clients based on the stock in hand rather than any future raw material pricing or 
contract. So, we are more or less looking at 2 to 3 months of inventory raw materials in 
hand and communicating and committing to the clients the prices based on those raw 
materials. And we will continue to do this process every 2, 3 months to ensure that we 
are not caught with excess inventory and or with mismatch between the selling prices 
and raw materials. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, if I come to the international markets, sir, we have seen that the US has 
actually picked up about a $1 million in terms of revenue. So, what do you see in the 
timelines where US could be profitable on first at the EBITDA level and second on the 
PAT level? And also, in the case of US markets, if we see, it is going to take us at least 
1.5 years for break-even is according to my estimation on the EBITDA level and much 
further growth for and much more timelines for even the PAT. 
 
And even if we consider the US market to be homogeneous and a large opportunity, 
but it is way more competitive even compared to the Europe one. So how do you see 
our growth strategy other than the inorganic one where it can actually scale the growth 
in a very significant way given the current headwinds? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I mean, if you look at the growth strategy, when we talk about inorganic, we end up 
paying 12x, 13x of EBITDA, which translates to roughly 5 to 6 years of break-even 
time. On an organic strategy, what we are investing in the US, we will have a break-even 
of roughly 4 years or earlier. So, we are well-positioned to make the growth happen. We 
are seeing very good signs. I mean, disturbances like we are kind of seeing now are good 
opportunities rather than disturbance because clients will look at alternatives in this 
environment. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, so when we entered the US market, we did have some plans to use our some 
of our patents. So also, there you could allude us to the timelines where the patents that 
we have filed are due for expiry. And also, if we consider the patents for other F&F 
companies which is due for expiry, what are the timelines? So, first of all, are we 
interested in getting into those products and technologies and blends? And secondly, if 
we are interested, what is the timeline from actually re-engineering the product to the 
batch orders to actual large commercial orders out there? 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are not like in the pharma looking at patents as a way of entering existing market 
or taking over market share. Our patents are more in line of new innovations and help 
us to create products that are differentiated for our clients. So, the patents are not 
products that we sell directly, we use these patented products in our design. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, coming to the Europe one, since the plant is commercialized, so what kind 
of timelines do you see where we can actually reach to an optimal level? And given that 
we have actually added almost the same capacity that we are operating right now, which 
geographies in Europe, the countries that you plan to as a new entry and secondly as 
increase in the penetration? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, as you know, we have started our centre in Germany. We have now fully established 
the centre with all the capex done, IT system, people, raw material for all the 
laboratories. So, the labs are fully functional since last couple of months. We have now 
the additional facility in the Netherlands in Almere. So, we look at Northern Europe, 
East Europe, Poland, Germany, and the Belgium region for the continued growth. 
 
We have roughly closed the year last year with about 10 million of sales in the 
Netherlands production site or sale, and then we move this to the new facility. So, on 
day one, it has already fully operational with that 10 million yearly sale. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Okay. Sir, and lastly, we have seen the anti-trust judgment that have come against the 
F&F companies and the FMCG companies have also voiced that they are willing to 
actually invest into joint development with other fragrance companies. So, do you kind 
of see some kind of a strategic tie-up with some FMCG companies where there is a co-
ownership of an IP and we get a framework order or is this just going to take a lot of 
time? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, on the bit on the anti-trust, there is no further work that or nothing that we are 
doing, but we do see that as an effect on some of the buyers so that they look at 
alternative suppliers. Second question, I mean, there is not a question. 
Henil Bagadia: 
Right. So, you do not see something like a co-ownership with the FMCG companies 
that we are currently working with? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, what do you mean co-ownership? 
Henil Bagadia: 
In co-ownership, I mean the large F&F companies actually own the patent or the blend 
and they do not usually share the formulation secrets and due to which this entire thing 
is actually propped up. So, these guys want access to the IP blends. 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think we are doing a bit of this in Europe in a tolling manufacturing, but it is not our 
core business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Anurag Patil from Quest 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Anurag Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, sir, what percentage of our raw material is linked to 
the crude? 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
So about I would say 40% is directly linked to the crude and another 30% are indirectly 
linked to the crude in some part. Like freight and logistics etc. will affect across the 
board. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. And sir, if we consider current situation persists on the raw material side, so in 
the first half, can we maintain this 40% gross margins or there is further risk on the 
downside? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I believe for the first half, we will be able to maintain this margin. As of now, we are 
covered the raw material and unless there is anything further, we will be able to continue 
the business at 40% plus gross margin. 
Anurag Patil: 
Okay. And sir, on the Flavours side, your margins have improved sequentially quite well. 
So, any specific reason on that side? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, I think the Flavours growth has kicked in, so the margins are accordingly better. 
We also have, operating leverage as a result of the rapid growth in the volumes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, good morning. Thank you so much. First one, just on the revenue growth side, if 
I adjust for the Rs. 35 crore one-off liquidation, which I believe was for the India 
geography, it seems like India revenues would have been a little bit down, year-on-year. 
So, some sluggishness there, across India, maybe a little bit across Europe also if we 
adjust for the impact of the depreciation in the rupee. So just your comments regarding 
the demand environment and, revenue growth profile. I mean, how we seeing the 
market and do we expect to accelerate on this growth in the coming year? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, let me address this in two parts. On the European side, like we talked even last year 
and throughout the few quarters, we have seen muted growth largely because our 
capability to execute, we were reaching to the full capacity level. So, we tried to take 
only businesses which were meaningful. We have now the new capacity in Europe that 
will allow us to grow rapidly and restore the double-digit plus growth rates that we want 
to achieve in the next few years because we have doubled our capacity and I think we 
can grow that business aggressively. 
 
On the India side also or Asia side, there is demand. There have been some delays in 
shipments going to Middle East and some uncertainty which came in month of March, 
which sees the India business slight volume drop. But these businesses have restored, 
our supplies have continued thereafter, so there is no demand per se reduction as we 
speak. 
 
We however remain cautious. I think the full impact of inflation in India has not been 
felt as the oil and petrol and diesel prices have not moved up. But I believe that as we 
as we see the writing on the wall, we see inflation hitting us. We are prepared for it and 
the environment of high inflation, our large sort of higher inventory strategy always 
plays out, and we always see good demand in inflationary environment. So even though 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
overall business growth may be sluggish, in the competitive space, our growth tends to 
be faster than the market when there is high inflation. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Just sorry, one clarification here regarding the comment regarding Middle East 
shipments. So, when we look at the ROW sales for this quarter, they have grown by 
some 34% year-on-year. So, I am just sort of trying to reconcile that with the comment 
regarding some disrupted shipments in the month of March? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so the growth has been strong in the Middle East, it continued to see that growth. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, so Middle East is separate from the India geography, right? I mean, or are there 
exports from India as well to that region which are shown within the India revenues? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, Middle East is separate, but it I mean there are people who also buy in India and 
there are kind of dependent on export to Middle East from their final product. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. And just the other one I had was on the impact of forex. Given the sharp 
depreciation in the rupee, how should we sort of see the impact on our business from 
a revenue perspective as well as from the perspective of employee costs and other costs, 
which we have built up significantly in Europe and the US? And also, is it possible to 
just call out how much the FX contribution to revenue growth was in the fourth quarter 
and in FY2026? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Jagdish you may want to take that call? 
Jagdish Agarwal:  
So, it is in the range of 3% Abhijit when we look at either in quarter or in the full year. 
So, 3% to 3.5% is the revenue gain due to the FX impact. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, 3% to 3.5% for both the quarter and the full year? 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
Yes, more or less similar lines. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. And are we a net beneficiary of rupee depreciation given that we have spent, I 
mean invested so much in employees and everything in Europe and the US? So, are we 
still a net beneficiary or would you expect some, you know, pressure on the margin? 
Jagdish Agarwal:  
We do see some pressure on the margin because we do have a dollar loan into our books 
and that will have a translation impact. Otherwise, when you look at only revenue 
transactions, we are more or less neutral. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Debanjana Chatterjee from Spark 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Yes, Hi, thank you for taking my question. I am just going through the financials, and I 
can see that if we exclude the current scenario, even for the past three quarters your 
profitability was quite down even though your revenue increased. So now that this 
added scenario has come in, so had this scenario not been there, so could we have like 
expected a growth in profitability in this year? 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Jagdish Agarwal:  
Your voice is breaking Debanjana, but I gather that you are talking about the growth 
numbers, right?  
Kedar Vaze: 
What the question Jagdish is what if the inflation environment was not there, without 
this disturbance, where would we ending up the year. So, as we have given our guidance 
and even if you look at the fourth quarter this year, we are at 13% and something 
adjusted EBITDA from the sustainable operating business. We would be upwards of 
13.5%, 14% adjusted EBITDA in a normal environment. We believe that we have taken 
adequate steps to keep close to this number at least for the first half of this year and we 
will wait and watch and see and take corrective steps as necessary to ensure that we do 
not fall below the 12%, 13% EBITDA level which we want to keep as a minimum. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: But for FY26 sir your EBITDA margin was 10.2% for the full year FY2026? 
Kedar Vaze: 
That is correct. I am talking about the fourth quarter this year which with the one-off 
sales if we adjust for the one-off sales, we are 13.5% in EBITDA and that is what we 
expect going forward. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: So, you expect a 13% of EBITDA margin for coming year as well, right? 
Kedar Vaze: 
For the first half of the year, I am very confident and then we have to wait and watch if 
there are any major disruption changes, accordingly we will adjust our strategy and 
tactics. But for the first half of the year, I am very confident to reach these numbers. 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
It is adjusted EBITDA, just to clarify. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: But this 13% includes other income, excludes other income and other things or just a 
core EBITDA number you are talking about? 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
like-to-like when we are talking about adjusted EBITDA, the visibility is that we should 
be in a position to maintain that in the first half. Definitely first quarter is more clarity, 
but second quarter wait and watch, but we are driving all the required actions to ensure 
that at least in the first half we should be able to maintain the adjusted EBITDA at a 
current level. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Okay, okay. And going forward, can you just list down what are your major growth 
drivers which will drive the business going on in the coming quarters if you can list 
down, so if you can just give us a consolidated kind of a remark? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, let me let me talk about the business in three parts. We have basically the mature 
businesses where we talk about the India Fragrance and the Flavours business. These 
are businesses that have been around more than 20 years, we have regular engagement 
with the clients, these are steady state continuous engagement, continuous growth, there 
is no major capex requirement, factories are in place, laboratories are in place.  So, this 
is roughly Rs. 1,300 crore, Rs. 1,400 crore of our business. Then we have the Aroma 
Global Ingredient business which is affected by whatever is the inflation and the global 
outlook for the business. The areas of Southeast Asia, Middle East are what I would call 
phase 2. We have been in these markets good period of time, we continue to grow.  In 
Southeast Asia, we built our factory last year, we have the full centres in Jakarta, 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Singapore, so that is now kind of in the rapid growth phase with the engagement and 
break-even on that business is there.  
Middle East is also growing rapidly in the last few years. European acquisitions we had 
a slowdown due to the capacity constraint in the last couple of years. We have now the 
new factory, new development centre in Germany. So, the European business we look 
at a restoring to a fast growth double-digit growth.  
This is the, I would say mature and existing business. Apart from this, we have a centre 
which we have just starting in Manchester for UK and global accounts and last year 
which we started in the US. These two are what I call seeds. It will take 3 to 4 years for 
the revenue to ramp up in these geographies, but these geographies are fairly large 
markets. They are as I said 20 and 10 times bigger than the market in India. So, these 
are the growth revenue or growth area for let us say the 10-year horizon. India, Asia will 
provide us the growth continuing growth that we have, and Middle East, Southeast Asia 
or Europe and Southeast Asia will give us the interim 3 to 4 years rapid growth. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Okay, so you are saying that Middle East and APAC will give you 3 to 4 years of revenue 
visibility, India is already there and total this is a 10-year kind of a horizon, right? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Yes, so this is 10-year horizon. We have long-term future investments in UK and USA, 
mid-term in Germany and Southeast Asia or Europe and Southeast Asia and the short-
term growth which continues in India, Middle East, and flavours and ingredients. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Okay. And what kind of borrowings are you planning, capex and borrowings in the in 
the current fiscal year FY2027? 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
Gross debt end of March we had a Rs. 851 crore and temporarily we do see that it is 
going to go up a little bit because we are just ensuring a supply security and, in that 
bargain, we might have to build some inventory. But when you look at a long-term 
horizon for sure that we are expecting every passing year we should reduce our debt by 
10%. That is a target we have. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Reduction of 10% each year? 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
Every passing year, but in a interim we might see in the next 3 to 6 months we might 
see it is going to go up from where we are as on today.  
Kedar Vaze: 
From capex side, our factory in Almere factory will come in this couple of months and 
the Vashivali factory thereafter. So, the first 6 months of this year we still have capex 
completion to be done. There will be some delay between the capex and the insurance 
amounts coming in, so we will see these debt levels remaining higher and thereafter debt 
levels should start to come down. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: If you can give us a number for both borrowings and capex for FY27? 
Kedar Vaze: 
FY27 capex will be around Rs. 140 crore of capex. This is all the capex, most of it is in 
front-ended first two quarters. 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Right. And borrowings? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Borrowing should remain around the Rs. 800 crore mark. 
Debanjana Chatterjee: Okay. And what was your cash conversion cycle? Will it like increase 150 days or will it 
like remain under the 100 days level? How do you see that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the cash conversion cycle is around 140 days at the moment. We see that remaining 
like this till the time that the inflation sort of steady becomes a steady state because in 
the high inflation we are keeping higher inventory levels. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jatin Chawla from RTL 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Yes hi, good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. My first question is when I look 
at your employee costs and depreciation, they have both continued to increase this 
quarter as well. So, on a year-on-year basis, there is a big increase almost on employee 
costs from Rs. 75 crore to Rs. 100 crore and depreciation from Rs. 25 to almost Rs. 40 
crore. So, I thought by last quarter end we were saying our CDC investments are largely 
done and these numbers would start stabilizing. Why are they still continuing to go up? 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
When you look at employee cost on a sequential quarter basis, 93 has gone to 101 and 
in March quarter we had a one-off impact on a MTM which came into our trust, so 
around Rs. 6 crore is a one-off impact we have in the March quarter. Our normal 
employee cost in the range of Rs. 94 to Rs. 95 crore on a quarterly basis at this point of 
time, which is more or less in line with what we have in December quarter. 
Jatin Chawla: 
And on the depreciation side?  
Jagdish Agarwal: 
Depreciation we have one re-class item which has moved from other expenses. If you 
look at other expenses is lower compared to what we have in December, so there is a 
one-off impact of around Rs. 5 crore to Rs. 6 crore that has moved from other expenses 
to depreciation. So that is a re-classification one we have. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Got it, got it. I think in the last conference call, you had mentioned that you will be 
putting up a detailed plan as to how your adjusted EBITDA margins can move from 
13% to 17% over the next two to three years. We have not seen that yet. Any particular 
reason for the delay and by when can we see that? 
Jagdish Agarwal: 
I think in last investor call we talk about our three-year outlook. We have stated that 
our reported EBITDA which is a 10% is going to be 14% by end of FY29. We talk 
about 400 basis point, but at this point of time the situations are changing every, you 
know, alternate day and kind of a dynamic situation. We will come back on that, but at 
this point of time, it is a different priorities and different situation. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Let me just reiterate, I think the environment post 07th or 10th of March has completely 
changed. So, we are very much focused on ensuring the quarter-on-quarter delivery for 
the next few quarters rather than the longer-term strategy. Our longer-term strategy is 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
in place, nothing has changed there, so we continue to focus on ensuring that we do not 
fall behind the costing, pricing, and communication to the clients. 
I must say that we are pleased that even the large global accounts have sort of responded 
and confirmed their commitment to the supply with price increases to us. So we are 
placed well for the first half of the year and we will continue to keep, you know, 
monitoring the raw material and communicating with our clients on a weekly, daily basis 
to ensure we do not have any slippages in order and ensure that we can maintain our 
margins in this scenario. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Got it. Just a quick follow-up on that. I think last quarter you would also mentioned 
that some of your lower-cost raw material could not flow through to numbers because 
the revenue was a little bit lower and you were expecting that latest by 1Q or mostly by 
4Q obviously we have seen the results in 4Q it has not happened, but in 1Q we were 
expecting gross margins to actually start improving given the lower cost RM that we 
had. So, is it that now we should not expect any gross margin improvement and at best, 
you know, they should be kind of at the similar 42.5% level that we had in 3Q? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I think the gross margin improvement has happened, which is why we see this 
improvement. In March, especially into the last sort of last few weeks of March, we had 
to buy some of the solvents and some lower-cost materials at market prices which 
suddenly shot up. So, we had some small dip in the margin as well, but 42.3% net of 
one-off we have maintained in the quarter four. We will see that the margin continues 
to be under pressure, but we will be able to maintain 42% and thereabout for the first 
half of the year. When you translate this on an inflation basis, this will be better margin 
because both top line and bottom so cost and revenue both will move up. As a 
percentage, this will create a pressure on the gross margin percentage, but in term of 
absolute gross margin and profitability, we are very confident to maintain and push the 
pricing to our clients accordingly. 
Our objective this year is to ensure that we keep the right kind of business and we have 
already taken big steps to get low-margin business out of the portfolio. So, there will be 
a portfolio rejig. We are we are planning for good gross margin cash conversion 
business, so businesses which have long lead times or long payment cycles, low margins, 
these are all businesses which we want to eliminate. We want to use the raw material 
that is available for the right kind of clients. 
Jatin Chawla: 
And given that you have given up on almost like you said Rs. 50 crore of business, will 
that have a negative impact on the growth that we expect in FY27? 
Kedar Vaze: 
My sense is no. I think overall there is strong demand. What we expect is to ensure that 
the margin portfolio or profile of the business remains in the correct way. I do not 
expect this Rs. R50 crore to create growth challenge for us. I think we will continue to 
grow. We have very strong indications in the 45 days of this quarter as well and there is, 
I mean, there is strong demand and we are preparing this for the worst-case scenario on 
the raw material that we do not have a sort of a negative margin product in our portfolio 
at all. This was one of the reasons for, you know, big jump or big dip in the gross 
margins in inflationary times. So, we have taken structural change, but I do not think 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
this will affect our overall growth because our European growth will now kick in at a 
faster pace. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question is given that our industry is dominated 
by mid and small-sized enterprises and you gave a confident outlook that for the next 
six months we are secure from raw material supply as well as from the orders front, 
have we seen any kind of, you know, shutdowns or maybe orders transferring from 
those mid or small-sized players to us given that we have the capability to serve those 
customers consistently? Thank you. 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I do not have an exact let's say an exact number or exact quantum. I think the sense 
of what has happened in the past is clearly that when the raw material prices jump very 
quickly because of our higher inventory, our selling price jumps are sort of calibrated 
and not sudden. We tend to gain market share. I think first few weeks of this quarter 
also we believe that we have gained market share in the Indian market especially. So yes, 
I think the smaller you are the less inventory buffer you hold, the more exposed you are 
to this volatile situation. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. And second in terms of the outlook front, so FY27 we had absolute EBITDA 
target of almost Rs. 300 crore on a consolidated basis. This year it has slipped by almost 
18% on a year-on-year basis. Do we foresee that FY2027 we will be able to make up 
the FY2025 numbers or probably it will be slipped to maybe mid FY2028? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I am actually confident that we will hit the Rs. 300 crore plus EBITDA for this year. 
Very much so for the first half where we have more visibility, but I am confident that 
we can do better than ‘25 or at least at the ‘25 level for this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Tanish Jhaveri from Boring 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Tanish Jhaveri: 
Hi, yes. So, my question was more on the demand front. How do we see our demand 
shaping up over the next year and two? And like you said, that inflation going higher is 
good for us, but do you think that demand will be impacted because of higher inflation? 
Kedar Vaze: 
I think yes, overall demand will be muted. I do not see the same kind of growth rate as 
is normal years. Demand will be muted. There will be a transition phase probably first 
half of the year while the demand the new sort of post-inflation scenario plays out. The 
overall industry level growth rates will come down, but our benefit in term of the market 
share gain, we will see normal growth. 
Tanish Jhaveri: 
Okay. So, can you quantify the normal growth in any way in which we can be sure of 
this, like are you seeing any green shoots in this? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, we are, I mean we have seen this in various times when there has been big 
disturbance in the pandemic or in other times. There is a big disturbance, we have seen 
faster growth. 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Hi Kedar and Jagdish, thanks for the opportunity. First on this optimizing of the 
portfolio, so this Rs. 35 crore that is end or still there is a room for further optimization 
of the portfolio? If yes, what extent do we expect? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, this is an ongoing exercise, Bharat sir, from discussion with the clients in term of 
pricing and, you know, where we expect the cost and where is the new price and 
corrections in prices as we as we go along. What we have done is some of the clients 
which are structurally low-margin, have been low-margin and long lead times, credit 
crunch, all of the cash conversion cycle and when you look at the sustainability of this 
business vis-a-vis the inflation, we have taken a call to exit those businesses. 
This is also I mean a strong case with some of our clients, and we have happy to commit 
that we have got price increases with many of the clients, so we have a good situation 
at the moment. But we will continue to monitor, we have set up a monthly monitoring 
system that every time there is a production order, the costing and the impact of the 
inflation is then communicated to the account manager and to the directly or indirectly 
to the customer. So, we do not fall behind the curve anytime throughout the year. If the 
inflation continues, we have shortage or supply disruption on any material, we will pass 
on to the clients as soon as we have information. And we have taken additional 
inventory in last quarter end to make sure we have additional 30, 40 days of inventory 
in hand to offset the additional time to pass on the effect of inflation. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Is it fair understanding this as on today there is no further room we I mean optimization 
we are expecting, correct? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, I mean we are not expecting any significant quantum. We will continue to work with 
clients and continue to ensure that there is a fairness in the transaction and dealing. We 
cannot have a scenario where we see further compression in margin, so we will pass on 
the cost to the clients and yes, I believe that we will be able to get these increases. 
Bharat Sheth: 
To understand a little more of the commissioning of these new factories that we are 
expecting in coming months, so when do we really start to I mean it is really reaching 
the production level that we to make it a positive EBITDA level?                    
And second thing, again on same line, approval, how long it will take approval from the 
client? So, if you can give some colour, so maybe a one-year time or two-year time? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, the factory will be up and running hopefully end of this quarter. It will take six 
months of transitioning from one factory to the other, so it is not that on day one all 
factory all operations will move into the six months. So, by let us say first quarter next 
financial, it will be fully operational with all the products transferred and one other 
factory being sort of moved out and closed. So, in this year, we will have transition 
between two factories. Next year the one of the factories in Mulund will close. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And this Vanavate, what is the status, when do we expect to start it? 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Kedar Vaze: 
The Vanavate factory will only start first. The Vashivali factory will take further time. 
We have basically we are we have restarted the building. So anytime this year, probably 
third quarter of this year that facility will be available.                                             We 
may not need it in the current environment as we do not see so much growth, and we 
will implement that sort of slowly. Again, that factory should be up and running by next 
year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. How do we see this now with the European business which you said as again will 
start, and is that fair understanding that it is a little higher margin business than the other 
business? So how do we see, and we think of again that can help us in some way in 
improvement in EBITDA? 
Kedar Vaze: 
Sure, I think the there are two parts of it. One is the cost in Euro because of currency 
exchange also affect us bigger way. So, the more sales we have in Europe or Euro or 
USD helps us in protecting our margins and overall operating cost in a better way. We 
have now the twin growth engines in basically having the Germany creation centre fully 
ready with sales people joining and taking up East Europe, Germany as a new market 
for growth and the factory in Almere, Netherlands. So, these two initiatives are now 
sort of pushing the European business in high growth phase again. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And you said that from US we have got a one 10 million kind of order, so what 
will be the implementation time and so over what time frame do we expect converting 
into revenue? 
Kedar Vaze: 
No, it is 1 million orders, it is already started converting for the year. So, we have some 
200,000 odd business in in US already which we have. So, it is it is not sort of to be 
converted, it is already orders in hand. We expect further orders as we go through the 
year. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Okay. And last question on this Flavours side, you were anticipating to get an order 
from large MNC like what we got it on Fragrance side. So, any colour on that? 
Kedar Vaze: 
So, no further update on that. Flavours side we have good position; we continue to see 
strong growth. There is no specific one-off order, but we are our plant is audited, our 
plant is approved. So, the sort of the signs and directions are in the right way. I think 
from Flavours as well, we have some very attractive long-term contracts with sort of 
our buyer our vendors. Now we are not sure if all the contracts will be honoured in the 
way that they should be. So far, we have seen that they are honoured and there is no 
cause for concern. If that is the case in the next two, three months, we will know that 
the position of our cost structure vis-a-vis competition we will be very well placed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question and conclude the 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
their closing comments. 
Kedar Vaze: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer your questions. Should you need any 
further clarification, like to know more about the company, please feel free to contact 
our team or CDR India. Thank you once again for taking the time to join us on this call. 

Q4 & FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
-End- 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy.  
