 
 
 
 
 
 
ICFL/LS/0043/2026-27 
 
June 03, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 1st Floor, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 541336 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: INDOSTAR 
 
Sub.:  Transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on May 28, 2026 at 12:00 noon 
(IST) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith transcript of analyst(s) / institutional investor(s) call held on Thursday, 
May 28, 2026 at 12:00 noon IST, pertaining to the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.indostarcapital.com.  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate the same on your website. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Shikha Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
(Membership No. A59686) 
 
Enclosed: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Registered Oﬃce: Silver Utopia, Third Floor, Unit No 301-A, Opposite P & G Plaza, Cardinal Gracious 
Road, 
Chakala, 
Andheri 
(E), 
Mumbai 
- 
400099, 
India. 
| 
T 
+91 
22 
4315 
7000 
| 
contact@indostarcapital.com | www.indostarcapital.com  
CIN: L65100MH2009PLC268160 
 
SHIKHA 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SHIKHA JAIN 
Date: 2026.06.03 
17:07:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
  
“IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANDHIR SINGH – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN – INDOSTAR CAPITAL 
FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. JAYESH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INDOSTAR CAPITAL FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYAN SUMRA – MUFG 
 
 
 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to IndoStar Capital Finance Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sumra. 
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call for IndoStar Capital Finance Limited. To discuss the quarter's performance, we 
have from the management, Mr. Randhir Singh, Managing Director and Executive Vice 
Chairman; and Mr. Jayesh Jain, Chief Financial Officer. 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the company's 
website. Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their 
opening remarks, and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Randhir Singh: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This is Randhir Singh, Managing 
Director of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited. I'm pleased to welcome you to our Q4 FY26 
Earnings conference call. We truly appreciate your support as we continue to build long-term 
value.  
I hope you had a chance to review our financial results and investor presentation, which are 
available on our website and on the stock exchanges. Basis your feedback in the past, we have 
added additional information in the presentation this time. I will begin with a strategic overview 
of our business and operating performance for the quarter. Following that, our Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Jayesh Jain, will take you through financial performance.  
Let me provide a very brief perspective on the macro environment. As per ICRA, India's GDP 
growth is expected to moderate to around 6.2% in FY '27 from the earlier estimate of 6.5%, 
primarily due to elevated crude oil prices triggered by the ongoing West Asia conflict. However, 
the medium-term outlook remains constructive with the IMF forecasting GDP growth at 6.5% 
for both FY '27 and FY '28. 
For IndoStar, FY '26 was truly a defining year of structural transformation. We conducted a 
granular evaluation of all aspects of our business to sharpen our strategic direction. We made a 
deliberate pivot transitioning towards a sustainable, high-growth, portfolio quality focused and 
highly profitable growth framework.  
This transformation was systematically executed across three core pillars: Number one, 
institutionalizing credit underwriting, recognizing early signs of stress in a specific micro 
segment, we took a proactive and deliberate decision to recalibrate. We strengthened credit 
underwriting by embedding rigorous data analytics, developed and deployed proprietary and 
product-specific credit scorecards.  

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 3 of 17 
 
These scorecards utilize extensive internal and market data to sharpen credit filters and 
implement risk-based pricing. We executed conscious portfolio diversification for resilience 
across credit cycles. We integrated feedback from our collections team into credit quality 
refinement.  
We established an early warning framework to identify potential stress points well ahead of time. 
Most importantly, we drove a culture shift across the organization, reinforcing that sustainable 
AUM growth must always be balanced against robust portfolio quality. These steps resulted in 
strong improvement in our asset quality.  
You would have seen in our investor presentation on Page 22 that our non-starter percentage, 
defined as zero-plus DPD cases disbursed in the last 6 months is down massively by 68% from 
3.29% when we started tightening credit filters to just 1.05% as of March '26. The percentage of 
our portfolio originated after our recalibration has already touched about 60% of our overall 
portfolio and is expected to be 75% by September quarter. 
Second, our conscious diversification of portfolio has resulted in MHCV disbursements 
dropping from 57% in FY '24 to 31% in FY '26. Our passenger vehicle disbursement from 8% 
in FY '24 has now gone up to 23% in FY '26. This diversification will help us navigate cycles 
better.  
You will find details of these diversifications on Page 20 with our stated focus on better credit 
quality customers, percentage disbursement to customers with 725 plus CIBIL score has 
increased from 70% to 80% currently. Again, please do see the Page 16 in investor presentation, 
which has this data, and we'll provide this data going forward as well. 
The second core pillar was calibrated growth and capacity building. Implementing these tighter 
credit filters naturally impacted our near-term volumes. In parallel to these measures and also 
after seeing the significant improvement in portfolio quality, we took bold and decisive steps to 
build significant long-term capacity.  
And these are number one, we expanded our frontline sales force by 30% in H2 FY '26 to about 
1,600 as of 31st March 2026. We continue to invest in manpower resources and as of today, our 
front-end sales headcount has already touched 1,700. Second, we also start to gradually expand 
our branch network in selected states.  
To prepare for multiyear growth period ahead, we attracted and onboarded high-caliber senior 
leadership talent across the organization, including Chief Operating Officer for both our 
businesses, vehicle finance and Micro LAP. You will again find details of our senior 
management team, including the new joiners in investor presentation from Page 57 to 60.  
We also expanded our target market to include adjacent segments like new vehicles and more 
prime customer segments with appropriate credit filters. These steps resulted in accelerated 
growth momentum in the second half of FY '26 while maintaining tighter credit norms. This 
trajectory has carried into the current fiscal with April '26 and expected May '26 disbursements 
reflecting a robust 40% plus year-on-year growth in disbursements.  

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 4 of 17 
 
These numbers demonstrate management's ability to drive high growth numbers while 
improving portfolio quality at the same time. Our third pillar was operational efficiency and 
digitization. To optimize our cost structure, we executed Project Leap with a clear objective of 
becoming a lean, efficient, agile and highly profitable enterprise.  
This structured review examined every operational cost line to root out inefficiencies and 
enhance productivity. As a result, we identified annualized cost efficiencies of INR51 crores, 
largely from non-manpower cost, out of which INR27 crores approximately was successfully 
realized in FY26, with the remaining balance flowing in the current fiscal year.  
We will continue to drive a culture of continuous cost optimization, structural operating leverage 
and efficient capital allocation. Our loan journeys have now become substantially paperless and 
faster as we implemented e-application, eNACH, e-agreement and credit scorecards.  
Our digital adoption has touched 84% for our vehicle finance business and near 100% for our 
Micro LAP business. These initiatives have reduced our VF lead to disbursement turnaround 
time by 25% already. We have just received approval for eKYC, which will further move us 
forward on this digitization journey. This high level of digitization has made us future-ready 
besides bringing higher level of productivity. 
In tandem with our operational reset, we took definitive steps to clean up legacy exposure and 
strengthen our balance sheet. As of March 31, 2026, we held about INR1,608 crores of security 
receipts on the balance sheet, stemming from an original asset pool of INR2,086 crores, while 
we have successfully recovered about INR470 crores, roughly 30% of the original exposure to 
date, further recoveries may be gradual.  
As a decisive step to derisk the balance sheet from potential future volatility arising from this 
portfolio, we have taken an additional provision of INR326 crores this quarter. This elevates our 
total provision coverage ratio on this pool to about 63%, reducing the net carrying value to about 
INR589 crores. 
With this incremental provisioning, we are highly confident in realizing this net carrying value. 
We have provided further commentary on the remaining net carrying value in our investor 
presentation. We do expect that this provision will remove the SRs from the list of considerations 
investors have as they evaluate IndoStar. 
Coming to our Q4 FY '26 performance. Our total loan portfolio stood at INR8,056 crores, while 
disbursements for the quarter stood at INR1,306 crores compared to INR1,117 crores in Q3 FY 
'26. The 17% sequential growth in disbursements reflect improving business momentum across 
both our segments.  
Coming to Micro LAP. The business continues to scale steadily across Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, 
Tamil Nadu and Telangana, taking the total branches where MLAP business is live to 108 
branches. While there remains a significant opportunity to expand this business across our 454 
branches in 24 states, we continue to follow a calibrated growth approach. 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 5 of 17 
 
The Micro LAP offering is co-located within existing vehicle finance branches, helping improve 
customer reach, operating leverage and efficiency. We continue to maintain a prudent risk profile 
in this product as well with an average ticket size of around INR7.5 lakhs, LTV below 40% and 
average tenure of about 7 years. 
During Q4 FY26, the Micro LAP business recorded disbursements of INR52 crores with AUM 
reaching INR175 crores. Our portfolio has held well since the time we started business about 2 
years back with 1 plus DPD portfolio at only 0.3%. In line with our stated approach of gradual 
rollout, we plan to launch this business in select branches in at least 2 additional states in FY 
'27, again, utilizing our existing VF branch network. 
On the liability side, the company continues to strengthen its borrowing profile and diversify its 
funding mix. As a result, the incremental cost of funds in Q4 FY26 declined by nearly 60 basis 
points compared to Q4 FY25, leading to a year-on-year reduction in the overall weighted average 
cost of borrowings as well.  
Overall, the company continues to maintain a strong liquidity position alongside consistent 
improvement in incremental borrowing costs. We also continue to maintain a strong ALM 
profile with positive cumulative mismatches across all buckets. Our comprehensive actions in 
FY26 have helped establish a strong foundation for the next phase of IndoStar's journey.  
As we step forward, our objective is to combine strong sustainable disbursement growth with 
disciplined data-backed underwriting and capitalize on the operating leverage inherent in our 
established branch footprint. Barring any macroeconomic or system shocks, our 3-year strategic 
framework through FY '29 is modelled around the following targets: 
Disbursements, we want to target 35% CAGR growth in disbursements, aiming for a profit after 
tax target of INR450 crores to INR500 crores. This trajectory will be structurally supported by 
the planned addition of about 100 branches over the next 3 years, expected portfolio level 
productivity gains of 10% to 15%.Driven by our continuous digital and process enhancements, 
favorable operating results as a result of disciplined cost management, digitization and 
productivity improvements. To summarize, FY '26 was an intentional year of repair and 
transformation. We made the conscious decision to moderate short-term disbursements to firmly 
safeguard asset quality, optimize our cost structure and decisively address legacy risk exposures. 
Moving into FY '27, we have built a solid foundation of highly resilient capital base, clean 
balance sheet, strong credit underwriting framework, specialized and experienced senior team, 
significant digitization, automation and data analytics capability, reduction in cost of funds and 
opex and a nationwide network of 450-plus branches primarily located in small towns in 23 
states, we are fully primed for acceleration and takeoff.  
We are confident of achieving cruising altitude in the coming year and delivering highly 
profitable growth and compounding stakeholder value. I also want to place on record the support 
we have received from all of you, our majority shareholders, Brookfield and Everstone and our 
Board, which has helped us guide our transformation journey. 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 6 of 17 
 
I will now hand the call over to Jayesh to take you through the detailed operational and financial 
performance metrics. Thank you. 
Jayesh Jain: 
Thank you, Randhir. Let me start with a quick overview of our performance in Q4 FY '26. Our 
disbursement for the quarter stood at INR1,306 crores compared to INR1,117 crores in the 
previous quarter and INR1,080 crores in the same period last year, reflecting a strong 17% 
quarter-on-quarter and 21% year-on-year growth.  
Our disbursement yield for the quarter for vehicle finance stood at 17.2% and Micro LAP 
business stood at around 21.8%. Going forward, we expect disbursements to continue improving 
sequentially as we further expand our presence and deepen customer reach. During the quarter, 
we expanded our footprint to 454 branches across 24 states and union territories, positioning us 
well to serve a wider customer base.  
Our asset under management increased to INR8,056 crores from INR7,692 crores in the previous 
quarter, reflecting a healthy 5% quarter-on-quarter increase. Our vehicle finance business 
reached over INR7,500 crores in AUM. The business continued to deliver steady growth with 
disbursement increasing to INR1,254 crores in Q4 FY '26 from INR1,087 crores in Q3 FY '26. 
Registering a very healthy growth of 15% quarter-on-quarter with disbursement yield at 17.2%. 
This growth was supported by deeper geographic penetration, product diversification and 
increased digitization in operations. Across disbursements, the concentration in MHCV is being 
strategically reduced, while the car, farm equipment, construction equipment, and small and light 
commercial vehicle segment is being actively scaled up.  
At the same time, the portfolio mix is becoming more balanced with increasing exposure to 
lighter and more diversified asset classes. Coming to our Micro LAP business. This business 
also continues to scale up steadily with disbursement reaching INR52 crores in Q4 FY '26 as 
compared to INR30 crores in Q3 FY '26, reflecting a strong 73% quarter-on-quarter growth.  
The disbursement yield stood at 21.8%. The steady momentum in this segment reflects our 
disciplined underwriting approach and expanding branch presence, making Micro LAP an 
important growth area for the company going forward. On the financial front, in Q4, our net 
interest income was around INR215 crores.  
This represents a 20% increase year-on-year and a 3% rise quarter-on-quarter. This growth was 
driven by an improvement in net interest margin, which expanded from 5.9% in Q4 FY '25 to 
8.7% in Q4 FY '26. Loan yields for the quarter were at 16.9%. Operating expenses remained 
largely stable at INR122 crores.  
As mentioned by Randhir, as a decisive step to derisk the balance sheet from potential future 
volatility arising from this portfolio, we have taken an additional provision of INR326 crores 
this quarter against our Security Receipts portfolio. With this incremental provisioning, we are 
highly confident in realizing this net carrying value.  
Further, owing to the West Asia crisis, we created a prudent management overlay of INR49 
crores against our vehicle finance portfolio. This onetime provisioning resulted in a net loss of 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 7 of 17 
 
INR424 crores for the quarter. Moving on to annual performance. For FY '26, our net interest 
income was around INR772 crores.  
This represents a 16% increase year-on-year. Net interest margin improved from 5.6% to 7.8% 
during the year. Loan yield stood at 16.9%, up from 16.5% in the previous year. Operating 
expenses for the year was INR506 crores compared to INR482 crores in FY '25. Profit after tax 
for FY '26 was INR130 crores as against INR53 crores in the previous year. 
In Q4 FY '26, our collection efficiency remained strong at around 97%, supported by improved 
underwriting process. In terms of asset quality, gross Stage 3 assets increased to 4.8%, while net 
Stage 3 assets were at 2.1%. Over the past 2 years, our portfolio quality has improved 
significantly with CIBIL greater than 725. . Customers have grown from 63% in FY '24 to 79% 
in FY '26 while New to Credit exposure has declined sharply from 13% to just 4%, reflecting 
our deliberate shift towards the high-quality borrowers and disciplined underwriting. Our 
balance sheet remains robust with capital adequacy ratio of 36.1%, providing ample headroom 
for growth.  
The debt-to-equity ratio stands at around 1.5x, reflecting a resilient capital structure, and we 
continue to maintain a positive ALM position across all maturity buckets. The cost of funds has 
improved to 10.2%, down from 11% last year, while the incremental borrowing cost has reduced 
to 9% compared to 10% in Q4 FY '25. Looking ahead, our focus remains on driving a high-
quality growth, portfolio quality focus and high profitable growth framework with a strong 
emphasis on operational discipline.  
Thank you and we can now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Danesh Mistry with Eternity Investments Management. 
Danesh Mistry: 
Hi to the top management and thank you Jayesh for your commentary. Congratulations on 
showing disbursement growth. It's grown pretty well. Congratulations again on your PPOP 
growth as well as bringing down cost of borrowing in these markets. Sir, I have just one question 
regarding your  this recognition, which is there.  
Essentially, if I were to see the annual results, you impaired whatever you had received as 
exceptional item in the housing finance sale. So does that mean now  whilst you have gone and 
said that are you expecting any more sort of provisioning coming out from this book? That's 
number one. Number two is that in the SRs, in your commentary, you mentioned that about 
INR400 crores, INR500 crores worth of construction projects are there. And you mentioned that 
cash flow has been good. So when do these roll off, sir? That's it. 
Jayesh Jain: 
Thank you, Danesh. And you have a couple of questions. So first thing first, yes, your 
observation on financial year results in terms of the one-time gain, which we got from sale of 
our housing finance business and the utilizations toward impairment. Largely, we have done 
impairment of all stressed assets, which could come. So hopefully, there should not be anything 
which should come.  

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 8 of 17 
 
We are very, very confident that the future cash flows around SR investment, they represent the 
net value, which we are carrying around INR589 crores, and we would receive that. Even in 
terms of the portfolio quality and one-time write-off which we have taken in the Q1, Randhir 
spoke in his opening remarks, a significant improvement on the quality portfolio improvement.  
So there also, we are very, very confident, except for the macroeconomic or some strategic 
shocks, but largely, everything is under control. In terms of your question on the couple of 
construction projects, which are the underlying security or underlying asset for our SR, yes, they 
are progressing well as per plan, and we expect to receive the money. This is a long gestation 
project and the realization could take around 18 to 35 months or 36 months. 
Danesh Mistry: 
Got it. But  it's progressively amortizing and paying off, right? 
Jayesh Jain: 
Yes. So there is an overall pool of INR589 crores. There is a redemption of our portion of SR, 
which is gradually happening. But more specifically on the couple of projects, which are large 
construction project, the redemption would happen or start to happen after 12 to 15 months 
gradually. 
Danesh Mistry:                     Got it. Thank you once again Jayesh for all your answers and best of luck going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Santosh Shetty with LGC Capital. Please go 
ahead. Since there is no reply from the line of Mr. Shetty, we will promote next that is from the 
line of Varun Gajaria with Omkara Capital. 
Varun Gajaria: 
Congratulations on a good set. Sir, just wanted to understand, so this quarter, we've seen a sharp 
spike in our NPAs quarter-on-quarter. If you could shed some light on that in our Stage 3 assets? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. Thanks, Varun. You would see, like we said that as our new underwriting is becoming a 
larger and larger percentage of our overall book, you would see this number going down 
significantly over the next few quarters. Like we added additional information in our 
presentation, you will see the early delinquency and both nonstarters are down massively. You 
would see this number coming down significantly over the next 1 and 2 quarters. And by 
September, as I guided, 75% of our book will comprise of the new underwriting, which is 
showing much, much lower delinquency as we discussed. 
Varun Gajaria: 
What would be our aspirational number here? Because traditionally, we've seen that we've 
maintained around 3%, 3.5% to 4% plus kind of Stage 3. So if you can just like what might be 
looking for? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes, sure.  I think we would basically eventually stabilize somewhere between 3.75% to 4%. 
And if you see this is where most of our peers are who operate in the same segment, you would 
note  we do operate a slightly higher-yielding business, about 17% and that is the target that we 
have, 3.75% to 4%. That's where we'll stabilize. You'll start seeing gradual decrease in this 
number as we move forward in this year. 
Varun Gajaria: 
And with this big provision set, are we on track to meet our 2%, 2.5% credit cost guidance from 
next year? 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. That is what we are targeting. Again, I will repeat what we have said earlier that we do see 
significant reduction in the credit cost. And as old book runs out, you would start seeing us 
stabilizing around 2% to 2.5% credit cost, which is what we're targeting as our yield is about 
17% plus. In fact, right now our disbursement yield is closer to 17.25%. So that is the steady 
state credit cost number that we targeted. 
Varun Gajaria;                     Ok , thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shreepal Doshi with Equirus. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
My question was on the provisioning buffers that we've created during the quarter to the tune of 
INR 490 crores. So just wanted to understand that while the last 12 months, we had tightened 
our underwriting and the newer portfolio that we have created is undoubtedly performing really 
well. Then what triggered this additional INR490 crores of buffers?  
I understand it is for the uncertainties which are around. But still, why particularly this number? 
Like what is the thought process here in terms of this number, let's say, probability of default or 
LGD or something that you've looked at. So that's question number one. I'll pick up the second 
question after like after this first question? 
Jayesh Jain: 
Sure, Shreepal. Thanks for this. And as I mentioned in my speech as well as Randhir also 
mentioned, the large part of this is on our Security Receipts portfolio, which is around INR326 
crores. There was another management overlay of INR49 crores, which has been created for 
West Asia crisis.  
So it's kind of more of an MO in anticipation or if something goes not to our liking or some 
stress comes in. So that's something which has been done. And a lot of other players have done 
across the industry, so we also felt it appropriate to provide for it. 
While this MO has been created as of now, just to confirm, we aren't seeing any stress or any 
concern around our portfolio. We will continue to hold for next 12 months or so on our MO for 
West Asia-related crisis if something goes wrong. 
Another thing which happened was the annual ECL model update. So we had updated our annual 
ECL model and revised our LGD & PDs. And accordingly, there was an extra charge of around 
roughly INR55 odd crores additional than the normal quarter-on-quarter rates which were 
coming in. So that's all what it led to. To confirm again, there are no stress signs which we are 
seeing, which you were trying to understand. It is more to do be prudent and provide for SR and 
MO. That's all. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. And sorry for that wrong number. It was INR490 million, my bad. So got your standpoint. 
But with respect to the ECL revision, so there is an additional requirement of INR55 crores. But 
given that our last 12-month portfolio has been performing well. So if you had to, let's say, split 
the performance of the overall portfolio into two, how is the requirement, let's say, for the 
portfolio, which has been trading in the last 12 months? Like is it materially lower than what we 
were having it earlier? Or if you could give some number-specific color or some analogy there? 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Randhir Singh: 
We'll provide you. So Shreepal, I think the models obviously have a much longer period data, 
right, the model is typically on 7 years. But like what you also pointed out, we are seeing 
significantly lower delinquencies, which means surely we would expect a release at some point 
in time. It's just that in the model, obviously, it takes a much longer period of data than just the 
last 1 year. But your comment is correct. We are seeing significantly lower delinquency, and it 
will show up in our provision eventually. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. Sir, the other questions were broadly on, let's say, a little more on target for the 
management with respect to growth aspiration, with respect to profitability. So while I 
understand that the environment remains a little uncertain, but let's say, if you have to slate out 
a 2-year plan or a 3-year plan from here on, what is it that we as management have in mind or 
that we are targeting on these two aspects such as  loan book mix and the third one would be on 
the profitability front, maybe on the ROA, ROE side? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. Shreepal, maybe I think you may have joined late. I did cover this, but I will repeat. Till 
FY '29, we have set up 35% CAGR growth in disbursements, obviously, which is of very high 
growth. And the reason for that ambition is we are seeing very strong portfolio quality after the 
new underwriting.  
And you've been attending our calls, you would know we took that in Jan '25, right? So as we 
have seen massive portfolio quality improvement, we have decided to take definitive bold and 
decisive steps to pursue growth and are targeting 35% CAGR growth in disbursements over the 
next 3 years. 
We are also targeting FY '29 profitability of about INR450 crores to INR500 crores. And a lot 
of this obviously would be supported by the investments that we've made in the manpower, in 
the network, in the IT systems in the last year and this year. We do have, as you know, significant 
operating leverage because we already have a branch network. So the existing branch network 
itself can deliver a significant amount of growth. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. That is helpful. And this 35% disbursement CAGR, so where should we be in terms of 
loan book size, maybe  by FY '29, where should we be in terms of the loan book size? 
Randhir Singh: 
 You can put the number in excel, but I think you should be able to see something like INR16,000 
crores to INR17,000 crores easily. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. Sorry, please go ahead. 
Randhir Singh: 
No, I have completed. So please feel free to ask your question. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
And sir, with respect to the loan book mix, so while we have restructured or, let's say, looked at 
that very closely in the last 12 months and have decided like the segments that we're doing today 
now, incrementally, would we look at any other segment or would we want to focus these two 
segments only? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. So Shreepal, we are focusing on these two segments, let's say, in the near term for up to 3 
years for sure, for a simple reason that both these have a very large target market. So, we will be 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 11 of 17 
 
pursuing these two segments, focusing on these and doing these well itself is sufficient for us 
because you can see many of our peers in these segments have really reached very significant 
size, which basically demonstrates the total market available for someone like us. So these are 
the two segments we will focus for the next 3 years. 
As you know, as a retail NBFC with a very large network and growing network, we obviously 
have the ability over the longer term to launch many other retail products like many of our peers 
have done. That network is there, launching any incremental product from these branches does 
not lead to capex, right? So that option is available to us, but purely just as a focus for the 
management, for the next 3 years, we just want to focus on these two because they itself are 
fairly large segments. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it, sir. And sir, just one last question that I want to cover, which is with respect to the current 
trend. So while you clearly highlighted that you're not seeing any stress whatsoever at ground 
level as well as the business momentum is pretty intact. But given like there would be 
repercussions now coming in because it's only the last 3 weeks that we've seen the fuel prices 
actually going up.  
So how do you see that impacting not only us, but let's say, the kind of profiles that we do or 
vehicle finances broadly do, be it SRTO or the larger fleet operators. So how do you see that 
impacting broader industry? And how are we trying to  defend ourselves and be an outperformer 
there? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. So Shreepal, I think like we said that right now, we have not seen any impact at all, right? 
But I think it's fair to expect some or not at all, only time will tell. But really from our side, what 
we are very, very clear on that in case we see any signs of deterioration or stress, we would 
choose portfolio quality over growth.  
And we have all the necessary tools to do it, like we discussed that we did almost a 6-month 
project on analyzing data, building a scorecard. We do have a fair sense of which are the cohorts 
which can get impacted. And if that were to happen, we will tighten our policies and choose 
portfolio quality over growth in the short term. And we do expect that like you've seen in the 
past, things do settle down in 1 or 2 quarters. 
Shreepal Doshi:                      Got it . This was very helpful and good luck for the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Ajay Shah with MK Ventures. 
Ajay Shah: 
Randhir, I have seen you as generally a person who believes in under promise and over deliver. 
First time I think I've seen in the last 3, 4 quarters call that you have here your confidence, your 
statements, everything has been really up in terms of  trajectory has been very, very positive. I 
also looked at the earnings presentation that you put and my request would be next time onwards, 
if you can put the presentation slightly in time before the call so that we can do justice to that. 
But the team buildup, some of the technology things that you put is all brilliant. So  where do 
you see  and while you covered it in your presentation, where does this confidence come from? 
Is it the team buildup, technology buildup, the cleanup that's happened? What is it that giving 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 12 of 17 
 
you high confidence of achieving what you have achieved and there's a pretty high benchmark 
that you've taken upon yourself and the team. So what gives you that confidence of reaching 
what you've committed? 
Randhir Singh: 
Thanks, Ajay for the kind words. A few things, Ajay. So one is, apologies for the delay in 
uploading. Next time, we will do it earlier, so you have enough time. There was a lot to obviously 
add in this presentation, and that's why we added a lot of new material, but you will get in time 
next time. So I think Ajay, the confidence comes purely by the data.  
So I'll break it into parts. The reason we are confident today because of the data that we have. 
And if I just break it into two parts, First is on the portfolio quality, right? That is the most 
important thing that we are focusing on. And as we saw that the new underwriting and now it's 
really going on since Jan '25, so it's been more than a year, we have seen massive reduction in 
delinquencies.  
And that obviously gave us confidence that with this delinquency, we must aim for higher 
growth. Second is we've taken a lot of steps in the past 1 year. And while it does take time 
sometimes because we have a large organization, 450 branches, about 5,000 people, a lot of 
those actions that we've taken in the past 1 year have started showing up in our growth numbers.  
So like I said, as we speak, April disbursement plus expected May disbursement this month, 
both put together are tracking almost 40% over last year, right? So one is portfolio quality. 
Second is very clear growth visible in numbers. And more importantly, this growth has come on 
much tighter filters, not just the credit quality of those customers.  
You would have seen the data in our slide on 725 plus, much lower NPC, much lower CIBIL 
scores, but also significant conscious diversification, right? So we do feel that we are growing 
with much tighter filters. So that was one. Significant amount of digitization, you said it 
absolutely right, and these things do make us future-ready, bring in incredible amount of 
productivity gain.  
We already knocked about 4 days of TAT in just last 6 months. So that is the kind of productivity 
improvements you've seen. And we've been able to attract and onboard significant senior talent 
with very specialized skill set. So this is really, as I been the reason we did not show this earlier 
because we have taken steps which were WIP, which is not showing in numbers. 
The reason I'm able to sort of talk about these strong ambition numbers with confidence is 
because all of this has started showing up in the numbers, whether it's growth, whether it's cost 
of funds, whether it's portfolio quality or whether it's digitization or whether it's our ability to 
attract senior talent. So that is the source of the confidence. 
Ajay Shah: 
Brilliant. One thing that -- sorry, one last question I'll have. One slide that really drew my 
attention was the product mix on vehicle finance. And over the last 3 years, I think you put a 
chart where from CV, it's significantly diverse to cars, farm equipment, CV has come down by 
half almost from 57% to around 30%. Is this trend likely to continue? Is this a conscious thing? 
And is this helping us to get into better customers and - create better book? 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. So Ajay, the intent here is basically basic credit 101 that a diversified portfolio without 
concentration would perform better across the cycle, right? So that's been the philosophy. I have 
to say it's a tough thing to do because this obviously takes time effort. It's obviously sometimes 
easier to do a large ticket size in M&HCV  transaction with INR50 lakh ticket size versus INR7 
lakhs, INR8 lakhs.  
But I think we wanted to do the right thing even if it is harder. So it's been very, very conscious, 
and I think we have got to a stage where we do not have concentration of one product. And you 
will see that going forward as well. In fact, you might see some of our segments like farm 
equipment where we had a smaller percentage with onboarding of senior talent. 
And you would again find Ashish, who is very, very experienced in farm equipment sector, 
joining us as a National Sales Manager. Same thing in the construction equipment, which has 
been a lower percentage, but we have Rohan who is again 20-plus years of experience 
construction equipment, you would see some of those lower segments also increase a little bit.  
But eventually, that is what we do is by design,  it's not that one has a preference of one product 
over other, but just by design, we do not want concentration in our portfolio because if we have 
diversification, we think that we will manage cycles much better. So it's a hard thing to do, but 
right thing to do, and that's what we are focused on. 
Ajay Shah: 
Brilliant, Randhir. All the best. Your profit guidance of INR500 crores is music to all the 
investors ears. So all the best and keep up the good work. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Raghav, Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: 
I just have two questions. One, actually when I look at your last 4 quarters of disbursements, 
which has been done under the tightened underwriting norms, that's about 50% to 60% of the 
book today. And then on the other hand, your slippages have been on the higher side in this 
quarter. So does this mean that your slippages are mostly coming from the older book? Is that 
the way to read this? 
Randhir Singh: 
That's right, Raghav. Absolutely right. We are seeing much better quality and you could see that 
in our portfolio mix. You can see in the better quality of customers that we've been onboarding. 
You can see that in our NS, you can see that absolutely right observation. 
Raghav: 
So the follow-up question is that when I look at these slippages as a percentage of the book that 
there with a 1-year lag or 2-year lag, the flow rates are pretty high. How do you get confidence 
on controlling the credit cost in '27 or '28 just because the older book is pretty stressed and that's 
still going to be 25%, 30% of your book over the medium term? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. So Raghav, as we are mentioning that one good part of our business is that it's not a  long 
tenor loans business in vehicle finance. And that's why the old book is actually also running 
quite fast. And remember, the old book is also predate Jan '25. So as it is, right, on most of those 
cohorts, right, now there is a limit to the delinquency because many of these customers now are 
2 years plus kind of seasoning done on those cohorts. 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 14 of 17 
 
If I see our various old cohorts that we track very, very closely in the last 12 months, we're seeing 
an improvement in all buckets month-on-month, right? So that is  the trend is very, very clear, 
whether it's current 2x or 31 to 60 or 61 to 90, whichever buckets we see, the trend is coming 
down.  
We are also seeing, in fact, reduction in bounce rates as well. And that again continues as we're 
getting better quality customers. I think we're essentially talking about time till September. And 
you would see by that time, most of our book would be new book, 75% plus. In fact, if we go 
faster, it's possible definitely it might exceed 75%. So I would not see that as impacting us a lot 
because we'll be talking about next 2 quarters and we'll have 75% plus of the new book, which 
is performing exceedingly well. 
Raghav: 
Okay. That's very helpful. My second question is on your Micro LAP business. So the yields 
there are somewhere around 22%. And then when I look at another very large player, they are 
also at about 22%, but your ticket size is around INR7.5 lakhs, which is almost double of that 
other players.  
So I'm just trying to understand the sense that we have is that as ticket sizes go up, the yields 
come down, but that's not the case with you because your ticket size is double while your yields 
are similar. So what gives you the ability to charge relatively higher yields despite having a 
higher ticket size? Just want to get some sense there? 
Randhir Singh: 
Sure, Raghav. So a good observation, and you would have seen that our ticket size has gone up 
slightly, and that has been designed. In fact,while we call it Micro LAP, we were never in a 
segment  which just ages into, let's say, microfinance. So we were always very clear that we 
want to pursue good quality customers within this segment.  
Our assessment is that over a long period of time, in a ticket size of INR7.5 lakh to about, let's 
say, INR10 lakhs to INR12 lakhs range, it is possible to get yields around 20%. So I think it is 
possible. Some players have done that. And I think it is also fair to say that what we're also 
seeing sometimes the pricing is not sort of uniform across lenders. 
Some lenders would, especially on the bank side, do give better loan rates, probably given their 
own cost of funds. But as we see, we do not see an issue in about 20% yield up to about, let's 
say, INR10 lakhs kind of ticket size. I think we are able to get that. And even  even in our book, 
if I see loans which are greater than INR15 lakhs, we still have about 19% IRR.  
So if you look at it, all things considered, we would be able to maintain 20% for at least next 12, 
18 to 24 months. I do not see a challenge. And like I said, we will be gradual in our approach. 
We will grow this business, but in a gradual manner across states, not launching in 23 states 
while we obviously have the opportunity to do so given our focus on portfolio quality. And in 
this business, delinquencies do show up after 24 months, and that is the reason for our gradual 
calibrated approach. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Devesh Kayal with Boring AMC. 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Devesh Kayal: 
Just want to understand what will be the amount of interest reversal in Q4 and Q3? Interest 
reversal and NPA? 
Jayesh Jain: 
Sorry, come again, please? 
Devesh Kayal: 
Just want to know what would be the interest reversal and NPA amount in Q4 and Q3 because 
our interest income on loans has been kind of flat over the past few quarters despite the 
disbursement growth and loan growth? 
Jayesh Jain: 
I don't say it's handy. Let me come back on maybe we can connect separately. It has to be 
marginal. I don't think it would have any significant difference considering the fact that NPAs 
are largely around similar kind of a zone. So it should not be a very big difference. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Understood. And sir, we have managed opex very well till now. So as the disbursement grows 
35%, 40% going forward. So how do we see opex growth going forward? 
Randhir Singh: 
I think  like you mentioned, we do have significant operating leverage. For this growth, at least 
for this year, we do not really see any meaningful increase. So it's fair to say that we are 
obviously growing  our revenue and disbursements and AUM will obviously grow at a much 
higher clip than opex.  
The trend that you are seeing of a very moderate opex increase in the last 1 year, that trend will 
continue. We've been very, very thoughtful on opex. Like we said, we have gone line by line on 
all our items, and we have already saved significant operating cost without compromising our 
growth ambition. So we are obviously resetting costs, but making sure that these are wasteful 
expenditures and not something that should impact our growth. So you will see the same 
trajectory of a very low increase continuing. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Sir, after the ECL model refresh, so, this quarter, we had overlay I guess, included in Stage 2 
provisioning. So going forward, how do we see the Stage 2 provision because historically, it's 
been around 3%. So after this model refresh, do we see it at the similar level, higher, lower, and 
how do we see? 
Jayesh Jain: 
Devesh, it would remain largely at a similar level. There won't be many  changes that would be 
there. 
Devesh Kayal:                       That’s it from my side , all the best . 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vibha with FairConnect. 
Vibha: 
My question was on the profit outlook of INR450 crores to INR500 crores. Is it for FY '27 or 
FY '29? 
Randhir Singh: 
Vibha, it is for FY '29. We talked about 3 year target and this is target that we have set up for 
ourselves.  
Vibha: 
So that means actually 3 years from today? 

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. 
Vibha: 
But do you think that this is an ROE of maybe 12% or lower than that, assuming that till next 
year and FY '27 and FY '28, you must be positive? 
Randhir Singh: 
 You are in line, your math is broadly in the same. 
Vibha: 
But do you think we need to have a look at the strategy to bolster it because compared to the 
peer group, it seems very, very low threshold actually? 
Randhir Singh: 
Yes. So, Vibha. So obviously, we have looked at our peer group. There are a few things, right? 
One is, obviously, it's also a function of how much leverage we have, right? So you can see there 
are listed players, there are unlisted players, we have all the data and it has been really a function 
of the leverage. That's one.  
And second is we do will keep pursuing growth, right, because the market is so large. And many 
of our peers have shown that they can keep growing over a very extended period of time. And 
that leads to a fairly large compounding effect, and that is going to be actually our target as well. 
We do feel we have a very strong foundation. We have very large network. We have strong 
shareholders and their support. We have strong rating. And I think directionally, we do want to 
pursue growth over a long period of time because as we've seen, we've got the underwriting 
right, we got the digitization right, we have been able to attract and board very senior specialized 
teams from fairly large companies and experience.  
So that is what we would continue to grow and that requires obviously investment, which we 
continue to do. And that is the ROE that number that should be there at the end of 3 years. And 
at the end of 3 years, of course, you will see we will continue to grow even after that because of 
a large network that we only build in. 
Vibha: 
Okay. And this assumes broadly 2% credit cost guidance that you have given, right? 
Randhir Singh: 
Sorry, Vibha just to complete, I do want to make a point that if you see many of our peers with 
this branch network have achieved  AUM size of about 3x our size. So there is significant 
operating leverage. We do think that with 450 - 500 branches when we compare ourselves with 
some of our peers, they have achieved fairly large AUM on the current network itself. So there 
is huge scope to grow for us. 
Vibha: 
Yes. Sir just clarifying this assumes 2% credit cost and also the overall cost of funding coming 
down to what Jayesh was mentioning in line with your incremental cost of funds and no 
additional stress. This is in a way, the best case scenario. 
Randhir Singh: 
So I mean I would just put it like this, the numbers that we mentioned, we are already there on 
9%, right? So  the way we see it is that, we can't be our own judge on what is the best case or 
worst case, but we just see it very simply that we've been able to borrow at about 9% for many 
quarters now.  

 
IndoStar Capital Finance Limited 
 
May 28, 2026 
Page 17 of 17 
 
And that has led to quarter-on-quarter improvement in our overall credit cost that there is a slide 
in the presentation. So it is basically what we are telling you is what we have already delivered, 
the interest cost we are saying that the 9% we maintained and things may change and let's also 
remember, it can also improve. For example, for a AA minus company,  there is a case of 
borrowing even at a slightly better rate than this, along with the potential rating upgrade that 
may come with operational performance improvement that we can potentially get.  
So it's difficult to say for me whether it's a base case, worst case. But if I look at the entire thing, 
of course, it can go up, but it can also come down as well with operating performance 
improvement. So that was one component. On the portfolio quality, given the yield that we are 
targeting, like I mentioned earlier,  our normalized credit cost for this segment would be between 
2% to 2.25%.  
So again, something that now we have seen over almost 60,000 loans that we disbursed since 
Jan '25. So for a fairly large amount of data, it's possible that things may turn out to be totally 
different for the worst or for better. But what we are really giving you is this is a fairly large 
amount of data, right? So this data is almost on 60,000-plus kind of. So it gives us confidence 
that it's not basis INR100 crores, INR500 crores, a large amount of data. So that's where we 
come from, Vibha. 
Vibha: 
So just to put this in another words, so if there is an upside on reduction in cost of funds, this 
ROE may improve. But credit cost already someone asked the aspirational credit cost, that's been 
built into this numbers. But if there is an additional stress, which typically happens in financing 
cycle, you can't predict everything. So these numbers may not even be achieved. It doesn't 
assume any stress. It assumes the best case scenario on credit cost, maybe there is some margin 
of cost of funding if that were to decline. Would that be correct? 
Randhir Singh: 
I mean I will leave it to  for you to draw your own conclusion, right? But even like I said, that 
the way we have built it, right, there are players who also have less than 2.25% credit cost, right? 
So you can see vehicle finance here. There are people who also operate at 1.5%. So again, it is 
subject to interpretation, but I would leave that with you.  
What we see is that 2% to 2.25% normalized credit cost and there is a full spectrum available in 
the vehicle finance, all of the data is available in earning calls of our peers, you would see people 
also operating at 1.25%. So we can also say, have you been too conservative in giving 2% to 
2.25%, somebody can ask us that, right? So I would leave that interpretation view, but this is 
how we see it. 
Vibha:                                     Thank you vey much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. On behalf of IndoStar Capital Finance Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines 
