 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED  
Registered Office: No.57, 13th Cross, Novel Business Park, Hosur Road, Anepalya, Adugodi, Bengaluru - 560030, Karnataka 
Corporate Office: Plot No. 1 - 118/1/14/C, No.14, 5th Floor, DHFLVC, Silicon Towers, Hitech City Road, Kondapur, Hyderabad - 500032, Telangana 
CIN NO: L72200KA2015PLC082873 | Website: www.xelpmoc.in | Email: hello@xelpmoc.in | Mob. No: (+91) 6364316889 
Bengaluru | Hyderabad | Mumbai 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
To                                                                                                                                   
BSE Limited 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
Listing Department 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Scrip Code: 542367 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Symbol: XELPMOC 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call on Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for 
the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026   
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 25, 2026 and June 01, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the Transcript  of the Earnings Call 
held on Monday, June 01, 2026, at 04:30 p.m. for discussing operational and financial 
performance in quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 and the same is available on the 
Company's website at https://www.xelpmoc.in/earningscalltranscript. 
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vaishali Shetty 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
VAISHALI 
S SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
VAISHALI S 
SHETTY 
Date: 2026.06.05 
16:38:34 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2026 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANDIPAN CHATTOPADHYAY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED  
MR. SRINIVAS KOORA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED 
MR. JAISON JOSE – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
XELPMOC DESIGN AND TECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAVI UDESHI – ERNST & YOUNG  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note:  
1. This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure high level of accuracy.  
2. Any of the statements made herein may be construed as opinions only and as of the date. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking 
to release any update or revision to any of the views contained herein to reflect any changes in our expectations with regards to any change 
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any of these opinions might have been based upon 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited Q4 
and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from E&Y. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good evening to all of you, and welcome you to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call of Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited. We have sent you the press release, 
investor presentation and the same has also been uploaded on the Xelpmoc website as well as 
on the stock exchange. In case anyone does not have a copy of the same, please do write to us 
to discuss the results and the outlook for the future going forward. 
 
We have with us today the top management of Xelpmoc represented by Mr. Sandipan 
Chattopadhyay, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Srinivas Koora, Whole-Time Director and 
CFO; and Mr. Jaison Jose, Whole-Time Director. Before we start the call, I would just like to 
remind you that the safe harbor clause applies. 
 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Mr. Srinivas Koora. Over to you, sir. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Xelpmoc's earnings call for Q4 and 
FY26. I hope you and your family are doing well. We are still seeing challenges in the start-up 
sector due to volatility in the funding within the emerging technology sector. As mentioned in 
our previous call, we are maintaining our focus on the corporate segment, especially on the 
product and certain in-house solutions. 
 
Our consolidated operating revenue for the quarter was recorded INR10.8 million for Q4 FY26 
as compared to INR7.1 million in Q4 FY25 and INR11.2 million in Q3 FY26. We are seeing 
interest from corporate clients for the product and services and the solutions what we are 
building. However, the conversation is expected to take some time, hence, we expect our 
revenues to gradually start getting traction over the next few quarters. 
 
Operating EBITDA adjusted for the quarter was negative INR15.6 million as compared to 
negative INR15.3 million in Q4 FY25 and negative INR14.9 million in Q3 FY26. Net loss for 
the quarter was INR17.8 million, partially due to INR2.4 million of ESOP expenditure. This in 
comparison to net loss of about INR18.4 million in Q4 FY25 and net loss of INR20 million in 
Q3 FY26. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Regarding the change in revenue, I would like to state that the 100% of our revenues from the 
corporate segment. We expect that this focus on corporate segment and focus on data science 
will enable us to increase our revenues. 
 
Our team size is about 63, including employees, interns, consultants as compared to 59 in Q3 
FY26. Till date, we have served 65 clients. The fair value of our investments in portfolio 
companies stood approximately INR726.8 million as of 31st March 2026 as compared to 
INR631.8 million as on 31st March 2025. I will discuss the portfolio companies in detail now. 
 
Mihup. Mihup is a cutting-edge conversation AI platform designed to provide real-time 
assistance and analytics on the customer agent interaction. Mihup features a pherom-based based 
voice to text engine that delivers industry-leading accuracy along with the prebuilt AI models 
tailored for multiple industries. 
 
Its hybrid architecture combining edge and cloud technology ensures secure and real-time data 
processing, enabled total workflow automation and mixed language understanding. Mihup 
currently has contracted ARR of INR1 billion. It accounts for Tata Motors, Canara HSBC, Angel 
Broking and Pine Labs among the top clients. 
 
Recently, it signed a multimillion-dollar contract with the Tata Motors with significant greater 
acceptance of its products. It has also onboarded HDFC as one of its clients during this quarter. 
Coming to our next startup, Woovly operates across 2 dynamic business verticals. First, it has a 
video commerce marketplace dedicated to lifestyle products; and second, it has a SaaS offering. 
Live2.ai, which provides interactive shoppable videos and live commerce solutions. 
 
Live2.ai has 2 core components, the shoppable social wall and social media publishing and 
reporting. Currently, it is achieving an impressive USD4.1 million ARR with 245 brands 
utilizing the platform and operating at an EBITDA positive status. It has notably enterprise 
clients, which are industry leaders such as Henkel, L'Oreal, Samsonite, Titan, Decathlon, 
Unilever, etcetera, and with many more global brands in the pipeline. 
 
Our next startup, Pencil, a Bombay-based start-up that has been at the forefront of creator 
economy since it's established in year 2007. Pencil is dedicated to empowering writers by 
providing innovative tools that enables them to create, enhance and monetize the stories. 
Recently, they launched AI-generated audio support by the grant from Google India, which is 
now live. 
 
Additionally, Pencil has produced samples of AI-generated books in multiple languages, 
including English, Marathi, Hindi and many more. They have signed a USD950,000 service deal 
with a leading organization for a period of 36 months. Its revenue for January to March '26 was 
INR320 lakhs.  
Our next start-up, The Star In Me, an innovative learning-as-a-service platform dedicated to 
driving organizational excellence for individuals of all genders. 
 
                          
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
Recently, TSIM has secured new clients, including 7-Eleven, Cognizant, Hexaware, Salesforce. 
It has recorded a revenue of INR3.4* crores in FY26. The company has also enhanced its 
platform by introducing new features designed to elevate the coach-partner experience and 
improve the client discovery process. 
 
Our next startup, Kids Stop Press. Kids Stop Press is designed to support parents throughout 
their parenting journey from conception to age 16, with the help of Xelpmoc, KSP has developed 
a machine learning platform that analyzes over 100 data points from its users. 
 
The primary target audience consists of first-time parents aged 25 to 34, who make up 75% of 
platform traffic with 45% access via IOS. KSP has successfully monetized its content through 
brand partnership and subscription revenue and has been improved monetization, thanks to long-
term brand collaboration that extended its reach into Tier 2 across the region. It has recorded a 
revenue of INR201 lakhs in FY26. 
 
Coming to our next start-up, Biome. Biome is a venture studio in the business of investing and 
mentoring start-ups. Its start-up investment includes Zoop.Money, a white-label loan platform 
for homebuyers in partnership with real estate developers and financial institutions. The 
leadership team at Zoop.Money with its extensive expertise has successfully integrated with the 
leading PSU banks and is in advanced discussion with major real estate developers, positioning 
the company for a significant growth in the digital lending space. 
 
Also, Zoop has surpassed INR300 crores inventory value milestone across 70-plus project. 
Further, Zoop became the first home loan platform in India to complete a deep core-banking 
integration with ICICI Bank and sanction scale up by 3.75x over the same period, and they 
expect it to follow the same traction with other PSUs. 
 
Biome has increased its investment commitment on OsteoForge, an IIT Hyderabad spinout 
developing India's first silk-reinforced, fully resorbable implant platform, investing INR4 crores 
against the initially planned INR2 crores for a 10% combined stake. 
 
The valuation has increased 2.5x to INR100 crores within just 5 months of Biome's investment. 
And they also signed an MoU with Manipal Group for clinical trials, onboarded 4 institutions 
along with their principal investigators and CRO partners and is now moving towards securing 
a CDSCO license in the near term. 
 
Biome is actively evaluating and planning strategic investment in SuprAgent, an agentic UI layer 
reimagining enterprise workflow. 
As you all know, typically, Xelpmoc engages start-ups at an incorporation stage, pre-funding 
stage or pre-revenue stage. Most of our start-ups have just begun generating revenue or still in 
cash burning phase. However, a few of our start-ups such as Mihup, Woovly, Pencil, TSIM, 
KSP are performing well, while others are still working to secure their next round of funding. 
Consequently, they are concentrating on increasing revenue and maintaining a conservative cost 
structure. 
 
 
                          *This has been inadvertently mentioned as INR 3.5 crores. The correct figure is INR 3.4 crores.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
 
The start-up ecosystem continues to experience significant challenges, and we are focusing on 
scaling up Xelp's own products and services. Our emphasis on revenue generation in the 
corporate sector, particularly in data science, artificial intelligence and machine learning as we 
aim to develop our own in-house products. 
At this time, we are not looking to onboard new start-ups unless we encounter exceptionally 
some good opportunities. We are committed to achieving EBITDA profitable as soon as 
possible. The new products that we are building should help us to reach there. A key highlight 
for the year has been development of DocuXray, which is a new avatar of Xtract and genetic AI 
platform for document processing and analytics and the successful launch of RELY, our Agetech 
platform. 
We are seeing a good traction in both the products, which will enable us to unlock new revenue 
streams in the Enterprise segment going forward. And throughout the year, we have actively 
enhanced and transformation power of artificial intelligence, leveraging our deep expertise in 
data science and machine learning. These capabilities have allowed us to address immediate 
operational challenges while also building scalable future-ready solutions for our clients. 
As we enter the new financial year, we are well positioned to deepen client engagement, expand 
our product footprints and continue delivering a long-term sustainable value to all our 
stakeholders. 
With this, now I request to open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Siddharth Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. First of all, people are really working hard to take this company to 
great heights. I can sense that from the speech. I understand there can be many concerns 
regarding fundings and all, which you already told. My question to the management is, can you 
people provide the FY27 targets for DocuXray customers, RELY customers and the time line to 
achieve consolidated EBITDA breakeven? 
Srinivas Koora: 
Yes. Thank you very much for your question. But as you know that we will not be able to 
disclose any future numbers. Yes, what we could say is what we are doing on the DocuXray on 
the product front and on the RELY front, Sandipan will give you a brief background exactly 
what we are doing on the DocuXray and Jaison will give you a brief background what exactly 
we are doing on RELY. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I am just taking on the DocuXray part. So yes, there has been a lot of hard work put in, but 
[inaudible 0:15:39] market product fit and being adopted by the market. But these are long cycles 
because there's a lot of confusion about AI as a whole and all. However, there are salient features 
of our product, which I want to highlight on. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
Right from day one, we relied a lot on local compute and specific private knowledge, which 
should not get exposed or data exchange and all should not be insecure. And those are the kind 
of solutions which we feel now the market is fully realizing are important for their own sanity 
and for their own security part of it. 
Apart from the extra specialization that happens with the expert knowledge being localized, the 
chance of what is called a common problem of hallucination or putting guardrails against things 
of nature, which should not go out in the corporate communication. 
It's one thing when you have a kind of a senseless answer coming in from an AI system, which 
you are using for personal use, it's quite a different thing when the corporate communication is 
sort of marred by such bad instances or a kind of a misdemeanor in terms of the extent to which 
the communication is done. 
Those things are paying dividends, I may say, in terms of the acceptance, but these are all parts. 
We have secured some contracts. Obviously, the revenues are shown and as Srini said, 100% 
from corporate. And these have shown that the adoption is taken after a lot of sanity check in 
the POC stage because the confidence building and all does take time. 
And in more complicated the case, which we are attempting, the larger the organization, these 
things are slightly more delayed in terms of POC. There's a lot of uncertainty in the market, 
which we have to navigate through, establish ourselves and do it. But I think till now, things 
look more positive, and we have had some early wins [inaudible 17:44] in the next 2, 3 quarters 
like Srini said. Jaison would you like to add on RELY? 
Jaison Jose: 
Surely. So, we announced last quarter that we have come out of stealth and launched RELY 
which is platform for Agetech, this is an early to market platform that enables operators in the 
senior living, assisted living and home care launched. While we look to also [inaudible 0:18:31] 
and the last quarter, we have announced -- like 2 operators [inaudible 0:18:40] and as we move 
to -- and we have couple of operators [inaudible 0:18:53] we are also launching -- senior living 
and we will go live… 
Jaison Jose: 
Yes, okay. So, we have for senior living customers that are also newly onboarded to reach that 
400, 500-odd [inaudible 00:19:52] during this quarter, these are some numbers. Obviously, these 
are very long-term cycles and dependent on when these projects are in position. One very 
interesting thing that's happened in this quarter is also that our own sphere is now being adopted 
by a very large South India based organization. 
 
So that's been the outlook for us in the last quarter. Also, we have [inaudible 0:20:27] out of our 
inventory and add to the platform of operators in the home [inaudible 0:20:36] happy to share 
more numbers with you in the next quarter. So, all in all, there's been very big traction, RELY 
as a platform [inaudible 0:20:46] and I am sure that as it scales [inaudible 0:20:53] full run of 
the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Siddharth, does that answer your question? 
Siddharth Shah: 
Yes, it's done. Thank you very much. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Wayne Fernandes, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Wayne Fernandes: 
Yes, good afternoon, everyone. Sorry, Jaison, I could not hear the answer very clearly. So, if 
you could just summarize the developments in RELY I couldn't follow what’s your answer? 
Jaison Jose: 
Am I audible now? Is it better? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Yes, Jaison, this is much better. I think this will be clear. Yes, please go ahead. 
Jaison Jose: 
Okay. Great. Yes. So in summary, we've come out of stealth in Q1, and we have RELY as a 
platform for operators in the elder care or the Agetech space. We're essentially looking to 
empowering players who are essentially assisted living, senior living or home care operators in 
that space, while we look to also connect other ecosystem players like digital wills or, let's say, 
insurance companies, so on and so forth. 
As launching the first -- as launching with the first few users in the assisted living space, most 
of these that are in western part of India, we've met product market fit. We currently have a 
couple of hundred residents under management. These are senior residents under management 
across 6 centers in the West. And our pipeline is a few x times of those for the coming quarter. 
So assisted has been the fastest uptick, while we also have operators that will onboard the RELY 
platform, but these are operators in the senior living space. Senior living is essentially real estate 
meets the elder care ecosystem. We have a couple of deployments that are currently at late stage 
of negotiation, which should convert in the next couple of weeks, and we should be able to 
deploy them during this quarter, in the coming quarters. 
So, it's a really exciting time for us to take senior living into -- our senior living stack also into 
the market. Finally, we have a couple of products that are coming out of our inventory as well 
that will only augment this platform. This is for the third part of the pie, which is for the operators 
in the Home Care segment. Again, see, RELY is not a single product. 
It's a platform that operators can plug in and use and safely handle data, especially in the context 
of how DPDPA is going to be enforced in the next 18 months. So with that product market fit, I 
think we will see the numbers also being recognized in our financials during the next quarter as 
well. So that's a little bit about what I had shared. I hope this kind of summarizes where we are 
on RELY. 
Wayne Fernandes: 
Yes. Thanks, Jaison. I think that summarizes that and actually, I've been following the 
development over the last few years. So it's been quite nice to see it finally coming to fruition. I 
just wanted to understand just from a stable state point of view, what do you expect in terms of 
revenues, let's say, once the -- let's say, for a year, I'm not asking for any guidance, but just in 
terms of contracts which you're looking at, are these large contracts? Or are they small players? 
Jaison Jose: 
Yes. So the way that the ecosystem operates today is that you have a lot of mid-market players, 
typically -- so I can't share -- I don't think I'm allowed to share forward-looking numbers, but let 
me share with you that the market is categorized with -- at one end of the spectrum, you have 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
the extremely large enterprise operators. These are the ones that typically have a few thousand 
residents under management or a few thousand workforce under management. 
But a very large part of the segment is today in the range of about 150 to 200 residents under 
management of 4 to 6 centers. This is when I talk from an assisted living point of view. From a 
senior living point of view, you have today real estate projects or senior living projects that start 
at a minimum of 150 people, 150 apartments and go up to a few thousand. So that's really the 
spectrum. 
And then our models are multiple, but primarily, we land on a subscription -- I mean, we enter 
in on a subscription on a per apartment or a per bed under management kind of model, which is 
again, SaaS-based. So operators pay us on a per bed per month, and these contracts are typically 
annual or minimum 2 years. So it's a typical B2B SaaS kind of play. Just to give you a little bit 
of overview of how we're looking at this. 
Wayne Fernandes: 
All right, yes. Thanks, Jason. Thanks, everyone. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghavendra Rao, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Raghavendra Rao: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, everyone. First of all, thanks a lot for the management to give us a 
holistic overview about what is happening. So I just wanted to understand, during the last 
conference call, there was a discussion about multiple POCs, which were happening for the Data 
Science and AI business. And that time, it was discussed that these kind of POCs would take 
about 3 to 4 months. 
So, I wanted to understand, what is the outcome of those POCs, and how many of those POCs 
have closed into orders? And what is the future road map looking like in terms of getting business 
from new logos? And what is the data science and AI market looking like? So if you could throw 
some light on that, it will be great? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Correct. So as we discussed last time that these are like 3 to 4, and I just had told that they are 
taking slightly more time. But good to say that some of the smaller projects, I think, we have 
been able to convert 1 or 2 of them. They are just small proof-of-concept converted to 
monetization and all. Some extensions on some of the earlier projects we had done with these 
new things are there. That's happening. 
And many of the projects are ending the period because 3 to 4 months from the start point, and 
we have started a bevy of them during the last quarter. Some of them will -- are getting on to 
this quarter, and we expect some of this. But what happens is after the POC success, it still takes 
some time for them to ratify, clarify and adopt it into a viable product for them. So that's a 
process that's also in place for some of the projects. That's the rough stage that we are in at right 
this point. 
Raghavendra Rao: 
Okay. So is there any -- I mean, is it possible to share in terms of, for example, out of 5 POCs, 
2 have been monetized or 3? I'm just trying to understand how the... 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I don't know I'll leave that to Srini to answer if whatever is answerable on that. Srini? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
Srinivas Koora: 
Basically, we have done -- as we speak, we must have done close to about 2 to 3 POCs and 
another 2 to 3 POCs are going on. But yes, as Sandipan rightly said that, from POC to order 
booking, it is taking some time. And yes, we are looking at onboarding new logos and especially 
working on this -- even though the product is sector agnostic, we are deeply trying to work first 
to start within the BFI segment, real estate and more specifically in the area of compliances. 
Raghavendra Rao: 
Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Rao, does that answer your question? 
Raghavendra Rao: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Shah: 
Many Long-term shareholders have remained invested through significant market cycles. And 
looking ahead, what are the 3 most important milestones management believes could help bridge 
the gap between the company's market valuation and the underlying value it presents business 
and portfolio? 
If Sandipan sir can answer this, it will also help all the shareholders who are sitting since a couple 
of years waiting for the moment that, yes, we are on a breakeven or something like that. I mean 
this will really help because the -- I think Sandipan sir can really answer this well, looking at the 
developments which is going on in the company? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: See, we had always said that it's a behavior, culture changing thing, and the parts that we are 
taking in are hard problems, and it will take time. And I'm really thankful for a kind of a cult 
following we have among our shareholders who have held on very resiliently on that part. Now 
as you know, the business has different aspects to it. I think that, the kind of portfolio value 
growth that you have seen and right at the beginning, we had said we expect 3 to 4 big successes. 
I'm not saying that anything is assured yet because these are short cycle. 
Our own vintage is 10. Our start-ups are also of similar vintage at varying parts. And the kind 
of problems we are solving, they are long gestation ones. They're not typical quick pitchfork 
solutions. They were very intrinsic solutions, and it takes time. Mihup, for example, we had 
patience for 7 years. In the last 3 years, we have seen fruition. 
And as you are aware, we actually proved the success of a portfolio model by taking partial exit 
in Mihup. And I'm sure this will continue on an upturn for some of our portfolios in the near 
future. That's part one, where I think we are doing it. And I also feel that, that's our DNA. This 
is a bad phase, and we will pay to the phase. But we will obviously keep our eyes and ears glued 
for start-ups. 
I think the maximum value will still come from those, and we will take it up again in the next 1, 
2 years once the cycle comes back to normal, everything has a cycle. But that said, the kind of 
path we took of building in stealth, using the bad times as a way to focus our energies on building 
a product for ourselves, which has a longer multiplication factor as much as any of our start-ups 
do. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
And the kind of traction we are seeing also, more importantly, the thesis we took that edge 
computing, privacy, local intelligence, these will be important factors going forward, which was 
a bit contrarian, let's say, a year back when everyone was just thinking that building wrappers 
around legacy models or standard enterprise models would work. 
I think time has sort of stood testimony to our hypothesis. And in the last 1 year -- 1 month or 
so, it has actually accelerated to show our hypothesis of the techno commercial viability of such 
solutions. So, when we are making solutions which are localized, a lot of these token costs and 
all are not considered. There are hardware costs surely, but they are not at the mercy of price 
increases. 
They are deployable and you have control, firstly. And secondly, these are not black box 
solutions. These are understandable. Not that everyone is looking through millions of lines of 
code, which you have taken from open source or other research things and changed the parts 
which were critical, but it does give us a ride that when things are looking spooky, you can go 
down to the last line of code if you so wish to. 
That choice exists, and we built a solution, which embraced and sort of accentuated those rights, 
which we felt would be important going forward. We should not go blind. I think that will pay 
dividend over time, and we are already seeing a grudging respect coming in the market for 
holding on to that hypothesis. So that would grow and initial parts that we have done. It's not 
just the POC or one project and all. Cardinality is something markets should look at, I completely 
accept. 
But as a technologist, the places where we have been able to put our products in, place our 
products, I think, are at a very good convergence of actual power of what the designs can do. 
And that essentially has its own multiply in terms of getting further business. That's our current 
situation. And I think the long wait, I would say the first part of going into start-ups probably 
overarching. 
Some mistakes we did about going into government projects, thinking it will be easy, which we 
went wrong. And now finally settling into this rhythm of a kind of balanced risk playing to our 
core strengths, I think we have found our mojo, and that would pay off in time, much shorter 
duration than what patient you guys have waited for. That's my current reading, an honest 
reading. 
Siddharth Shah: 
Thanks a lot, sir, for giving a detailed idea about my question. I'm really thankful to you. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Anytime. I have always said that one thing you will get is proper governance and complete 
clarity. We will tell what we are doing and do what we tell. There will be nothing in between 
these two aspects. 
Siddharth Shah: 
Yes. The question just came because I'm also an investor since 3 years, and I trust you a lot. For 
me, when I find any company in equity markets, I first of all, look at the ethics and governance 
of a promoter. And I think, you are and the entire team is doing a wonderful job. I understand it 
is taking some time... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: See, we are doing hard things. We didn't go for that part. We believe in value, and that is also 
intrinsic. That's a double-edged sword, right? We are not market savvy to ride a wave and do it. 
We are deep hypothesis people who have a fundamental thing. Sometimes these things do take 
time. But also, if something big has to happen, it can only happen through this method. That's a 
firm belief we have. 
Siddharth Shah: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Puneet, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Puneet: 
Hi, good evening, sir. Am I audible? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Yes, you are. 
Puneet: 
So, my question is we had about 100-plus employees when we had a turnover of INR14 crores. 
And now we have about 50-odd employees. So, to get to INR14 crores and upwards of that, will 
we need to recruit 100-plus people? Or do you think we can do it with a team of 50 people? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: That's it. Srini, go ahead. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Yes. So, Puneet, just to answer your query. See, right now, we cannot exactly correlate number 
of people versus revenue. The reason being a lot of people are also working on product. For 
example, when we talk about RELY, when we talk about DocuXray, which was like a new avatar 
of extract, etcetera, what we have been developing. 
A lot of people are working on this particular product, but still the revenues are yet to kick in, in 
those products. So once you start seeing revenues in those products, then the correlation would 
be completely different. 
Puneet: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, a few quarters back, we had accepted that we need to boost the sales team. 
So have we done some hiring in that aspect? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So again, just to answer your query, what we are doing right now is since both the products at 
the nascent stage, we have not yet hired any salespeople within the company. But what we are 
doing is we are having a contractual agreement with a couple of GTM companies. So what 
happens is we both work together, so they can get us the business and we can have some sort of 
revenue share. We are working with a couple of GTM companies. 
Puneet: 
Got it. And sir, what would be our runway available? 
Srinivas Koora: 
So right now, runway is available for close to about 10 to 12 months. 
Puneet: 
Okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Wayne Fernandes, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
Wayne Fernandes: 
My question is to Mr. Sandipan. I just wanted an update on Signal Analytics. What is the 
progress on that company? I think there was some note in the current financials. I just wanted to 
-- is this still operational? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: It is operational. And -- but we have been finding it very hard to sell, which we have given a 
note of that the EdTech sector and anything which sounds like an automated process, there's a 
wariness on that part. We are trying to have some, you may say, flank products being done, 
which probably would be looking at corporate training, skill development, etcetera, which 
probably has a faster need, riding on some of the inroads we have built through the other projects. 
We find some opportunities which may exploit the usage of those products. Plus there are a lot 
of -- I mean, sitting inventory, which are probably deployable in other situations alongside 
DocuXray and all. So we are exploring those opportunities. But at the same time, we are also -- 
we have a clear belief that what we have built is needed. There's confusion about whether AI is 
doable, whether it will be used by kids to copy homework and schools don't want to take a rushed 
step forward. 
But our thing was not that. It was more of an advisory. It was more of habit building for a kid to 
know what exactly and why they are learning it. I think as AI propagates contradictorily, that's 
the only skill kids would need. And the product would find its value, once people realize that 
the silos of information we are making in the education system will not work. And the current 
education system can't be changed. So products like we built in Signal will actually become 
more important once this realization comes. 
But unfortunately, it's caught in the melee, EdTech flagships going down on different routes has 
not helped our cause, but we are on it on that part. But it has taken much more time than we 
thought. It had some headwinds in different aspects, and probably some things that we could 
have done earlier instead of sticking to our hypothesis, looking for adjacent markets that we have 
started doing now for sure. 
Wayne Fernandes: 
All right. Thank you Sandipan. One last question. I think, I have been a very long-term investor 
in Xelpmoc. And I think my initial investment was because of the start-up model which you all 
had. I think unfortunately, I think that has to be the focus... 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: It is still going to yield dividends. So that holding is still increasing. So don't worry about that, 
and we'll... 
Wayne Fernandes: 
I mean your start-up success has been phenomenal in terms of the percentage of start-ups, which 
are actually generated revenue. So I just wanted to understand since you mentioned that you 
might go back to, let's say, a couple of years. I might be a little early in this question, but I just 
want to understand, is that the objective of the company or... 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: That is going to be the overarching objective of the company as long as it exists. That's our DNA. 
Ultimately, we are product makers. There are certain products we can take to market ourselves. 
There are certain products where we have the expertise to build, but not take to market, where 
we want to work with amazing entrepreneurs. Now the model we are going for in terms of 
financial implications is not sustainable for us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
But given the value we bring to the table, I'm sure that once some of these thing’s fruition and 
the environment gets healthier, people will do it at no cost burden on us, which we were taking 
for some of the start-ups, but just still as an equal partner. Maybe we will not get such healthy 
equities we used to get because we used to also burn our cash in that. But a little less equity, a 
little less risk. That's probably the sweet point, and we will reach it. 
Wayne Fernandes: 
All right. Thank you, Mr. Sandipan. I wish you all the best. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghavendra Rao, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Raghavendra Rao: 
So, my question actually is many of the investors have been long-term investors. They have been 
holding the stock for a long time. So just with respect to getting more clarity on this, I had -- my 
question is into two parts. My first question is in terms of -- because one of the key business 
model is start-up -- investment in start-up. So is it possible to talk about, what is the current 
valuation of those start-ups, for example… 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I think Srini just gave a summary of that at the beginning of the part. I think Srini can tell that 
altogether. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Yes. So right now, as we speak, the total value of the start-ups is close to about INR72.6 crores 
with an investment of about close to INR 792** lakhs. 
Raghavendra Rao: 
Okay. Great. So that is one. My second question was with respect to -- as Mr. Sandipan was 
mentioning that there are 2 -- if I can call it, 2 lines of business. One is the start-up part and 
second is the regular data science, AI kind of approach, which Xelpmoc is taking. So I wanted 
to understand, if you look at the next maybe 3 years, then how does -- how do you look at these 
-- both these things shaping up? 
Maybe if you look at data science and AI, maybe we can have a bifurcation with respect to 
Government business and Enterprise business. But if you look at the overall thing, how do you 
see the business shaping up? What kind of growth do you anticipate? And where do you see 
more growth coming? And how do you think the overall numbers are going to stack up? If you 
could just help us to understand that, it will be great. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: See, very difficult to answer this question in terms of comparative percentages and all, but I can 
tell you what I feel. We have not really engaged in the start-up economy consistently or 
importantly for the last 1, 2 years. Even if we start today, it's a 6- to 7-month lead time to get a 
suitable start-up onboarded, and that will take, given the stage we get in, that should ideally take 
in from our experience 3 to 4 years. 
 
 
**This has been inadvertently mentioned as INR 80 lakhs. The correct figure is INR 792 lakhs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited 
 
June 01, 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
So, in the horizon you are doing, the new start-ups that we onboard, unless we get lucky and 
then it's a mid-stage start-up, which we get an immediate kind of a side ride on, which is unlikely, 
they will not -- the new start-up things will not come and sort of affect that company given your 
time horizon. But the older start-ups, I do believe some of them have reached maturity and they 
are still on continual growth. 
Some of them are actually at inflection points, and they may see spurts going up. Remember, 
our valuations are conservative. It doesn't ride on optimism. It actually rides on a particular 
transaction done in terms of valuing. So there will be a rise. In absolute terms, given the quantum 
that we already have in hand, it is likely that the growth there would be there because there is no 
cost to see it right now anymore, right? It's a free ride that we are getting in terms of returns. 
At the same time, the product and all, I do think we'll continuously keep on investing in the next 
2, 3 years to stay concurrent. That's a key part of this business. You are not done ever with a 
product like this. You keep on constantly building. But your own thing is that is more for market 
coverage increasing and with green signals in terms of getting profits into it. 
So, I think profitability and all will come and the growth would start. Hopefully, there will be 
enough from the growth to put into better product development at a faster pace and get even 
larger market share. That is the way we would go forward. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Just a correction, the fair market value is about INR72.67 crores. It's not INR79 crores as stated. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I hope that answers you sir? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Rao, does that answer your question? 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: I don't know, if he is with us anymore. I mean, if he is joining... 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Srinivas Koora: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us for today's conference call. In case if you have any further 
queries, please do write to us. We will do our best -- on a best effort basis to answer your queries. 
Thank you, and please take care. 
Sandipan Chattopadhyay: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
