 
 
 
 
 
 
KPI/MAT/MAY/2026/781 
Date: May 18, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542323 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Symbol: KPIGREEN 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors/Analyst Earnings Conference Call held on May 12, 2026 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Further to our communication dated May 06, 2026 and May 12 2026, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Earning Conference Call held on Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) to 
discuss the audited standalone & consolidated financial results for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026.  
 
The said Transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.kpigreenenergy.com. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
Krunal Bhatt  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
KRUNAL 
BHATT
Digitally signed by 
KRUNAL BHATT 
Date: 2026.05.18 
14:38:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“KPI Green Energy Limited 
Q4 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  MR. SOHIL DABHOYA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
 
– KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK DAS – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. SALIM YAHOO – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. VINOD JAIN – PRESIDENT- INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – KPI GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSH PATEL – SHARE INDIA COMPANY 
 
 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the KPI Green Energy Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Share India Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Harsh Patel from Share India Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, Harsh. 
Harsh Patel: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I would like to congratulate the management on a very 
good set of numbers. On behalf of Share India Securities, I welcome you all to Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call of KPI Green Energy. We are pleased to have with us the management 
team represented by Mr. Sohil Dabhoya, the Whole-Time Director; Dr. Alok Das, Group CEO; 
Mr. Salim Yahoo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
We will have the opening remarks from the management, followed by question-and-answer 
session. Thank you, and over to you, Vinod. 
Vinod Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Myself Vinod Jain, Head of Investor 
Relations. On behalf of management team, I would like to extend a very warm welcome to all 
our investors, shareholders and other participants for today's earnings call for quarter 4 and FY 
'25-'26 for KPI Green Energy. 
 
Joining us on the call are Whole-Time Director, Group CEO and CFO, who have already been 
introduced. They will take us through the financial and the operational performance for the 
quarter and year. Let me tell you that financial year '25-'26 has been another strong and excellent 
year for the company with robust operational and financial performance. 
 
As committed during the year, we reported strong growth on top line, EBITDA, PAT and cash 
profit, which will be detailed by our CFO, Mr. Salim Yahoo. During the year, we secured several 
strategic project wins across solar, wind, hybrid,  emerging segment like floating solar and the 
power trading license from the CERC while continuing to strengthen our long-term IPP portfolio 
and power evacuation infrastructure. 
 
At KP Green, we remain committed to building an integrated renewable energy platform with a 
strong execution capability, technology-led operation and long-term value creation for all the 
stakeholders. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Salim Yahoo for the financial and operational 
overview. Thank you, and over to Mr. Salim Yahoo. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of KPI Green Energy Limited, I extend a warm welcome 
to all our investors, analysts, shareholders and participants joining us today for the earnings 
conference call for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. I hope all of you have 
had the opportunity to go through our audited financial results and the investor presentation 
uploaded on the Stock Exchange. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
 
FY '25-26 has been another landmark year for KPI Green Energy Limited. The company has 
delivered strong growth across all key financial and operational parameters, supported by 
continued execution strength, a diversified renewable portfolio and a clear focus on building 
long-term sustainable value.  
 
Our journey over the past 5 years reflect the strength and scalability of our business model. 
During this period, our compounded growth has been remarkable with 92% CAGR in sales and 
104% CAGR in profit. This demonstrates that KPI Green is well aligned with India's renewable 
energy requirement and is consistently creating sustainable value for shareholders. 
 
Over the last 3 years, we have built not just projects, but strong momentum. Our total assets have 
grown more than double every year, rising from INR2,436 crores in FY '24 to INR4,792 crores 
in FY '25 and further reaching INR9,882 crores this year in FY '26.  
 
This growth reflects our disciplined investment in renewable assets, land, evacuation 
infrastructure and execution capabilities. Moving to the financial performance. For FY '26, our 
total income stood at INR2,742 crores as compared to INR1,755 crores in FY '25, registering a 
strong growth of 56% year-on-year. Earnings before interest tax and depreciation increased to 
INR1,006 crores as compared to INR581 crores in FY '25, reflecting growth of 73%. Profit after 
tax stood at INR509 crores as compared to INR325 crores in FY '25, registering growth of 57% 
Y-o-Y.  
 
For quarter 4 FY '26, total income stood at INR810 crores. Earnings before interest tax and 
depreciation stood at INR305 crores and PAT stood at INR155 crores. This reflects strong 
momentum in the closing quarter of the year and demonstrate our ability to execute at scale 
while maintaining profitability. 
 
Our balance sheet has also strengthened significantly. Net worth increased to INR3,273 crores 
in FY '26 from INR2,630 crores in FY '25, while fixed assets grew to INR5,427 crores, reflecting 
our continued investment in renewable energy assets and future growth capacity. Cash flow from 
operation activities improved to INR424 crores in FY '26 compared to INR208 crores in FY '25. 
 
Moving on to operational portfolios. On the operational front, KPI Green continued to scale its 
renewable portfolio across both IPP and CPP segment. As on March 31, 2026, our installed 
capacity stood at over 1.62 gigawatt with work in-progress capacity of over 4.64 gigawatts. Our 
installed plus upcoming portfolio has reached approximately 6.26 gigawatts, comprising 2.57 
gigawatt under IPP segment and 3.69 gigawatt under CPP segment.  
 
Our expanding IPP portfolio is expected to generate more than 390 crore units annually, 
strengthening the company's recurring revenue base and improving long-term visibility of 
earnings. With long tenured PPAs, strong execution capabilities and integrated project 
development expertise, we are building a platform that combines growth with predictable cash 
flows. 
 
During the year, we secured several important project wins across solar, wind, floating solar, 
green hydrogen and battery energy storage. This includes 150-megawatt wind project with 
GUVNL, 445/890-megawatt hours stand-alone BESS project, and 120-megawatt/240-megawatt 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
hours stand-alone BESS project, 142-megawatt floating solar project, 250-megawatt solar 
project from SJVN, 1.13-gigawatt solar balance of plant project from Adani Group and 300-
megawatt wind project from SJVN. 
 
On the financial segment, I mean, sustainable financial milestone that we have achieved. One of 
the defining milestone for us was the successful listing of India's first externally credit enhanced 
green bond. This was INR670 crores 5-year instrument carrying 8.50 coupon rate with quarterly 
amortization backed by a 65% partial guarantee from GuarantCo, which is an international 
private infrastructure development group. 
 
The instrument was rated AA+(CE) by CRISIL and ICRA. This innovative structure broadened 
our investor base among long-tenured domestic institutions and set a new benchmark for 
sustainable finance in India. More importantly, it reinforces the market confidence in KPI 
Green's business model, governance standard and renewable growth platform.  
 
We are pleased to highlight that KPI Green has received both interstate trading license from 
CERC and intrastate trading license from GERC. This enables us to participate in Pan-India 
power market exchange and bilateral contracts, thereby creating wider market access, better 
realization opportunities and enhanced portfolio flexibility. 
 
Looking ahead, our focus remains on strengthening the IPP portfolio, expanding the CPP 
businesses and building capabilities in future growth segments such as battery energy storage 
system, green hydrogen, floating solar, offshore wind, pump storage and energy trading. Our 
strategy is to build an integrated renewable energy platform with strong execution capabilities, 
predictable annuity revenue and long-term value creation for all the stakeholders. 
 
As India accelerates renewable energy transition, KPI Green is well positioned to contribute 
meaningfully through scale, execution, innovation and disciplined financial management. We 
remain committed to timely execution, strong governance, sustainable growth and consistent 
value creation for all our stakeholders. 
 
I thank you for all the support that has been provided by all our stakeholders. With this, I would 
like to thank all our shareholders, lenders, customers, employees, partners, regulators for their 
continuous trust and support. I now request the moderator to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Aditya Pandya from Vyom. 
Aditya Pandya: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
You are not sounding that clear Mr. Pandya. 
Aditya Pandya: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Aditya Pandya: 
Yes. Congratulations for the great set of numbers. My question was towards, what is our 
subsidiaries Sundrops Energia IPO. We are also a stakeholders in that company. I wanted to get 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
some idea on the H2 numbers and Q4 numbers. And also what is the status of the DRHP filing 
and when should we see? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Thank you, Aditya for the compliment. Speaking about Sundrops, which is a subsidiary of KPI 
at present. And the top line of Sundrop this year was INR586 crores, which was a substantial 
growth with a PAT -- with a PBT of INR130 crores and a PAT of INR97 crores. With respect 
to the IPO of Sundrops, we have -- now Sundrops has been -- we are going to do all the battery 
energy storage system that is the BESS, which is an upcoming segment. That segment has been 
dedicated to Sundrops. 
 
So Sundrops will be coming up shortly with filing of DRHP for the IPO with the object of battery 
energy storage system, along with the battery energy manufacturing also is in line with us. So 
shortly, you'll see the interaction in this particular company more. And growth also is there on 
the top line as we have seen this year, we have grown again substantially. Next year also, we 
have a substantial target of growing this company going forward. 
Aditya Pandya: 
Understood. I think I missed the part where I think you didn't mention the time line for listing? 
Salim Yahoo: 
This year. This year, as we told, this year, this financial year, we'll be doing the listing for 
Sundrops. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps Wealth. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
My question is about the overall IPP strategy. So, FY '26, you saw revenue growth of almost 
56% and profit growth of 57%, but the EPS has grown only 49% and the stock has derated. Our 
interest cost is up almost 130% to INR182 crores against the IPP contribution, which is only 9%. 
So, you have almost 1.6 gigawatt of IPP Energizing over FY '27 and '28 that will come up. So, 
what will be the peak interest burden that the P&L will absorb?  
 
And at what point of time do you expect this IPP PAT to cross the interest plus the depreciation 
and the dilution lag? So the question is largely that when does this transition become EPS 
accretive rather than EPS dilutive on a per share basis? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. Thank you, Shrenik. And I think if I summarize your question, you want to understand 
when is the breakeven going to happen and when we'll see the positive impact on the financials 
from the IPP segment, right? 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Yes. And also the peak interest burden what we see in the P&L? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. See, first of all, let me just explain you the interest cost, why it has increased. If you see 
last year, we had done a QIP because of which we have repaid some portion of our long-term 
loans and short-term loans because of which the interest cost in the last year was seen very less 
compared to this year. This year, we have added more capacity. We have taken -- we have started 
250-megawatt, 370 megawatt and then also our 240 megawatts.  
 
So IPP is a segment which we -- it's a capex burden. So automatically, the interest cost has 
increased this year. Now the peak interest cost approximately would be at around INR300-odd 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
crores. But if you see the initial phase when you see the business when it starts, the IPP segment 
comes in a phase-wise manner. So, if you first see that out of this 1 gigawatt, you'll find 250, 
then another 250 coming up over a period of time.  
 
So, the revenue will start coming. So, FY '27, '28 is where we will see the full year operation of 
this IPP what we have taken in hand. And then you'll see the -- within that stability period will 
also go. So, you'll find that majority of the things, whereas the breakeven of any IPP project 
would be around 6 to 7 years. But you'll see a strong cash flow coming from FY '27-28 in the 
IPP segment. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Okay. So, we can expect that the ROE of the company will continue to decline even until FY 
'28? 
Salim Yahoo: 
So that is why I'm telling you. We are doing it in a phase-wise manner. So, if you have the PPA 
that we have signed with the government institutions like GUVNL, there we have a clause that 
we can set up the plant in the batches of 25 megawatts, 50 megawatts. So, the revenue also starts 
coming up. So what happens is that it also reduces my interest cost.  
 
So automatically you will find that it will not be that much burden in the construction phase also 
because while constructing the other portion of the plant, some portion will automatically start 
generating revenue. So though maybe the COD of that will be in the end of '27. But before that, 
50%, 60% of the plant has already started generating revenue. So you'll see a mixed impact on 
the financial. We will not see too much of impact of interest or too much of impact of other cost.  
 
But at the same time, there will be also revenue which will come up. But yes, the exact the 
impact will come only in '27-'28 when the entire plant is done and we start seeing the revenue 
flowing in. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Yes. And that is probably the reason why the stock has been underperforming. So your ROCE 
has been dropping almost from 18%, 19% to around 13%, 14%. And probably from what you 
are explaining, it may further drop in the next 1 or 2 years before it starts to climb up? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Not 1 or 2 years. I think most probably this year we'll have a little bit -- we will curtail the drop 
this year itself. And next year, we'll see again ROE coming back to the earlier levels. That is 
what we are targeting. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Sharma, an Individual Investor. 
Ayush Sharma: 
So, my question is on the evacuation. So, in FY '24, the evacuation was 1.6 gigawatt and in FY 
'25 it was -- it increases to about 3.26 gigawatt which is 100% increase Y-o-Y. This year the 
evacuation has only increased 3.9 to 10% of the previous year. What is the thing that only very 
less increase in the Y-o-Y evacuation overall? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Ayush, your question we are not able to understand exactly. What you are looking at in FY '25 
it was your saying 3.9 gigawatt, right, as per the presentation? 
Ayush Sharma: 
3.26. Yes, FY '25 it was 3.26, if we can just open the presentation of the last year same quarter? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
Evacuation you are talking about, right? 
Ayush Sharma: 
Yes. Evacuation. And this year, it has increased to 3.59. 3.59 is for this year? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. Yes. See evacuation, there is a process of evacuation getting approval or getting the 
evacuation in your kitty. The process is that you have to apply, you have to check wherever there 
is an evacuation and then -- so we have applied multiple. So maybe this year, you have not seen 
too much of evacuation, but there are multiple evacuation which have been applied.  
 
And we have applied in different companies also because we have multiple other companies. 
We apply in individual companies where we can set up the project and later on transfer that 
evacuation to KPI. So, rest be assured that evacuation is substantial at our end. We have also 
applied it. So, you'll find the growth in evacuation.  
 
And evacuation is not the bottleneck for our growth. We have already been growing because of 
these two factors, land bank and power evacuation. And this will be the growth for our business 
going forward also. 
Ayush Sharma: 
Okay. And my next question is on the Botswana project. So have we started the project there as 
we launched KPI there? 
Salim Yahoo: 
I think your voice is crackling. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt Mr. Sharma, your voice is not audible. 
Ayush Sharma: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
It is sounding muffled to us. 
Ayush Sharma: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
It's still the same actually, Mr. Ayush. Can you please check the connection of yours and please 
rejoin the queue. In the meanwhile, we'll take the next question, which is from the line of Parth 
Kotak from Plus91 Asset Management. 
Parth Kotak: 
Salim sir, congratulations to you and your team for a good set of numbers. Sir, a couple of 
bookkeeping questions. What is our current CPP order book in terms of rupees crores? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. That is the only question. So current CPP order book, if you see, we have approximately 
INR5,246 crores of order book on the CPP side. 
Parth Kotak: 
Okay. Perfect. And secondly, sir, we've seen substantial increase in inventory, about a 4x 
increase in inventory and 2x increase in inventory days. So, what's the strategy there? 
Salim Yahoo: 
If you see what is the inventory in our balance sheet is approximately INR1,000 crores plus, 
right? 
Parth Kotak: 
Right, INR1,400-odd crores. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes, INR1,400-odd crores. If you look at the order book that I told you, INR5,246 crores, right? 
So, if you see the inventory that I'm holding is only 40% of -- 30% to 40%. So, I have to keep 
on building up the inventory so I can execute the orders in a timely manner. And that's the reason 
if you see, we have stocked inventory because we have huge orders which have lined up and we 
have to execute them in the upcoming quarters. I think that 30% to 40% inventory is a reasonable 
thing. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sure, sure, sure. Sir, if I may just squeeze in one last question and then I will join back in the 
queue. If you can give us an update on the Botswana project, that would be helpful. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. So, we have already set up a company in Botswana. So, we are also -- I mean, that the 
Botswana company will be a subsidiary of our company which will be in GIFT City, which will 
be 100% subsidiary of KPI. So, we have done all the groundwork for setting up the company. 
All the approvals have been taken place so that we can infuse funds from -- as per the overseas 
direct investment policies under FEMA.  
 
So, all those procedures have been done. We have set up a team over there. We have taken 
offices over there. And we are shortly signing the PPAs in Botswana or in the neighboring 
countries so that we can start working on our first commitment of 500 megawatts by end of FY 
-- by end of December '27. So that is there already in process. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Panda, an Individual Investor. 
Ankit Panda: 
My question is regarding the growth outlook of the company. So, like what is the expected 
growth in revenue and PAT you are expecting in percentage basis in this financial year? 
Salim Yahoo: 
So, Ankit, our honorable CMD, sir, Dr. Faruk Patel has in various public domain or on the 
televisions have given the commitment that we are binded to grow at a rate of 40% to 50% year-
on-year. So, we will try to maintain that growth structure. And as far as the profitability is 
concerned, we'll try to maintain the profitability. Our profitability is very strong, and we'll try to 
maintain that profitability by figuring out how the mix of IPP and the CPP will help us to 
maintain that profitability. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mithil Bhuva from unlistedindia.com. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Yes. So, my first question is on grid stabilization charges, which have been imposed in many 
states. So, what is the impact on the CPP segment for KPI? 
Salim Yahoo: 
So, can you just elaborate your question? I mean we are not able to understand what are the 
charges? 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So, there are grid stabilization charges which have been imposed in Maharashtra. We have heard 
from multiple sources that this is add-on to the bills that everyone is getting the rooftop solar 
panel and the CPP also. So, I'm just asking that is, does this have any impact on the CPP segment 
for KPI? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
Alok Das: 
Yes, I'm Dr. Alok speaking. Basically, grid stabilization charges, Maharashtra policy newly 
introduced. And actually, we are not doing any project in rooftop particularly. We are exploring 
some new policy declared about base compatible of 50% mandatory for under that policy 
declared recently.  
 
So, we, as a KP are evaluating the project feasibility in the state of Maharashtra and how that 
charges and executing the -- so when all these things are calculated, we will be trying to see that 
what kind of charges they are getting. Grid stabilization charges, we are just evaluating how it 
is impacting to our project feasibility. As of today, we are not sure how much it will be impacted. 
For CPP sectors because in the Maharashtra, there's a huge captive charges. So we are sure it 
can stabilize somewhere else. So we need to see a detailed evaluation for that. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So these charges have not been in Gujarat and other states? 
Alok Das: 
No, grid stabilization charges in Gujarat is not there. We are not finding this thing there in the 
other states also. Now this policy recently declared, probably we have to see that how it is 
impacting that. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is on land bank. So what is the percentage that we own and what is 
the lease? What is the percentage of that breakup? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, approximately 800 to 1,000 acres is out of 7,210 acres, which was shown in the presentation, 
800 to 1,000 acre is something which is owned by us. And rest all is 26 to 27 years kind of a 
lease agreement with the farmers or the private partners. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Okay. Sir, my next question is like CPP addition, we have done around 210 megawatts this year. 
So if you see even last year, we did 165-odd megawatts. So how do we plan to scale up this to a 
very big -- because we have a huge capital work in progress. So what is the addition for this 
year, what we are aiming at? 
Salim Yahoo: 
You're talking about the CPP, right, or that? 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Yes, CPP. So this year, I guess, we had added 210 megawatts as per your presentation. So how 
do we scale up such a huge order book which is pending actually? So this year, what is the 
target? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See if you see, in the CPP segment, we do billing on a milestone basis, whereas the addition of 
the capacity is shown in the presentation only when we complete the entire project. So there is -
- so comparing apple-to-apple, it will not be right thing over here. We do the business. 
 
Sometimes you might see that we might -- in some quarter, we might add up a huge capacity 
because we have just completed that project, which was being carried on for almost a year. So 
there will always be an additional gap. But rest be assured, we have strong execution capability 
and a strong order book in this particular year also. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So how much this year, how much we are planning to execute? What is the yearly target that we 
have from here? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
See yearly target, as I told in the previous question, we are committing to grow at 40% to 50% 
year-on-year. So this year also -- yes, yes, it will be on the both sides. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So around 500 megawatts can we expect from this year? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, commitment on the capacity cannot be given. But on the top line, on the revenue side, we 
can tell you 40% to 50% because capacity, as I told you, depends upon the completion of the 
entire project, then only we add the capacity. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Sure. Sir my last question is on the IPP. So the Khavda project got executed, I mean, last year, I 
guess, in 2025. So have we lost on the revenue since -- so when -- from when did we start the 
billing? And how much revenue did we miss actually, like on this? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See we have already announced the billing. We already started the billing in the Khavda project. 
The revenue or the billing got delayed. The plant was ready, everything was ready. But what we 
say the GSECL, the government substation, which was in the scope of the GSECL, they were 
not able to complete.  
 
And that's the reason the revenue got a little bit delayed. But with that delay, they have already 
agreed for extending the PPA terms. So whenever they completed the PPA terms of 25 years, 
they start post that only. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
Okay. So but our return on capital employed gets impacted so badly, right, because of this 
because of one year postponement? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, not a 1-year postponement. There is, I think, 6 to 7-month postponement, which has 
happened. But after that also, they are agreeing. So, for example, if they have completed a 
portion of it, they are allocating that, okay, find out of the 240, if I have completed, if they have 
completed 120, so I can infuse 120 megawatt of power to them and they will pay for that. So, in 
piecemeal also, they are accommodating us. So, I think -- and also at the end, they are increasing 
the tenure of the PPA. So I don't think there is a too much impact. 
Mithil Bhuva: 
So now the whole project revenue has started? 
Salim Yahoo: 
It almost started. Some portion of the capacity of GSECL government substation is still pending. 
So they will complete by, I think, in this quarter end, they will complete it. And post that, the 
entire revenue will start immediate. But we are getting the partial revenue for whatever is 
completed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of CA Vansh from Serene Alpha Analytics. 
Vansh: 
So, my first question is, sir, on this increase in the prices of the inputs that we procure, basically 
solar modules, steel and copper. So how we are planning to protect our EPC margins because of 
the input cost pressure? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See when you talk about the input cost, the major input costs are the panels, turbines, right, 
which are almost 60% to 70% of the entire project cost, wherever we have with material 
contracts. okay? So, in this input cost, we already -- if you see why we have built up the stock 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
to hedge this pricing also. So that is the reason if you see we have given advances to our turbine 
manufacturers. We have given advances to our panel manufacturers.  
 
We have taken stock on our books so that we can curtail we can safeguard ourselves from the 
increasing price of the input cost. And that's the reason we are able to maintain our profitability 
margin also. 
Vansh: 
Okay. And my second question is, sir, on this promoter pledge. So could you help us understand 
that what is the road map or time line to bring this pledge down? 
Salim Yahoo: 
We already -- I mean, in the last call also, quarter call, we have stated that. We already have 
sanction from State Bank of India, where around 50% of the promoter shares are pledged. These 
were long term -- I mean, long back before IPO, these shares were pledged to give a collateral 
security for upcoming project. 
Now SBI has already sanctioned and given us -- in the current sanction of INR3,000 crores, 
which they have given for 250, 370 megawatts, they have given the approval for release of 
pledge once we complete the COD of this project. Within 3 months after that, I think by March 
'27, all the pledge will be released by the bank. 
Vansh: 
Okay. And my last question is, sir, on the guidance part. We we re speaking about 50% to 60%, 
but now we are seeing about 40%, 50%. Could you help us understand why this decrease? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Sir your voice is cracking. I mean, can you repeat the question? 
Vansh: 
Yes. So actually, I was asking that earlier we were speaking about 50% to 60% growth guidance. 
Now we are speaking about 40% to 50%. Could you help us understand why this decrease? 
Salim Yahoo: 
There I don't see any decrease, 50% to 60% is there and 40% to 50%. So, 50% is common in 
both the players. But if you look at all other companies, all other companies, I don't think any 
other companies in the similar segment or any other segment are showing a year-on-year 40% 
to 50% growth. 
 
So, in spite of these conditions, we have shown that growth. In spite of the geopolitical 
conditions, in spite of the -- what we say, the slowdown in the economy, we have been able to 
grow. So, I think we should appreciate in spite of this, we have been able to maintain and fulfill 
the commitment that which we have given. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Giri from Subh Labh Research. 
Prateek Giri: 
Gentlemen, I have a few questions on the broader industry level developments, which we have 
been reading and noticing in the last few months. My first question is on -- so probably 
government has from 4 REIAs probably now only SECI is the only REIA. 
 
I wanted to get your opinion on how this will shape up the RE sector going forward. We saw 
significant tendering in '22, '23, probably '24 also. Then there was some slowdown. So how are 
you looking at this decision taken by the leadership of converting 4 into 1 rather converging 4 
into 1 REIA? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Alok Das: 
So, this is your first question. 
Prateek Giri: 
Yes, that's the first question. 
Alok Das: 
Okay. So let me answer one by one. So, thing is like this, you are telling RE scenario today. So 
today, you see that what growth is coming in India. Today, there is a power demand is about 6% 
to 7% CAGR.  
 
And today, if you see that non-fossil fuel is a penetration idea of Government of India, they have 
directed about 500 gigawatt is to be installed. And out of 500 gigawatt, 220 gigawatt only for 
the solar led and total that capacity happened about 280 gigawatt non-fossil fuel. So now there 
is a 54%, there the penetrations are there as on today. So there's a target to complete the 500 
megawatt about 45 to 50 gigawatt per year. Last year, if you see that last year, solar and wind 
combination close to 50 gigawatt was installed.  
 
So now question is looking into the peak demand and making the CAGR and the market growth 
is about the 40 to 50 gigawatt per year is the value addition. So there are 2, 3 things are coming. 
 
SECI, they are coming with the bidding process for the remaining and how to fulfill for that. 
And to support that bidding, whatever the IPP sectors, they are having your all sort of the 
resources, land and key connectivity. So all the bidders quite equipped to submit that quotations 
and et cetera.  
 
And each state also, they are coming for the bidding process. So obviously, that growth trajectory 
remains same. And because of the new technology like base compatibility, green hydrogen and 
floating solar is also coming, some of the states like declared as a new RE like Odisha, they are 
declared as RE destination. 
 
So obviously, to go to that milestone, 2030 and beyond to that 2030 like green hydrogen policy 
that has been declared the free transmission charges up to 2035. So looking into this concept, 
we are pretty confident that the market will be and all stakeholders are ready to fulfill to that the 
directions given by Government of India. Yes. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood, sir. If you can just add on to the impact of just one REIA, will it lead to more clearer 
policy structure, more clearer tendering process going ahead and clearer connectivity challenges 
getting sorted out because of only one REIA, SECI? Will it lead to that? Or what is your opinion 
on that, sir? 
Alok Das: 
REIA has given a clear cut directive for tendering process and all that SECI is the single point 
body today. So, they have been given clear cut instruction that SECI would be the single point 
out. Recently, there at multiple. So now last for MNRE meeting, this has been very clearly told. 
So that direction is very clear to fulfill that, that SECI would be taking the leading role for that.  
 
So, I think that they are now quite equipped and they are making all sort of necessary structure 
and how to implement to that implementing agencies in SECI. And personally, I was there in 
the meeting. So obviously, we are very confident this is the only agency you can take forward. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood. Understood. My second question is on the reports which we keep reading about and 
not just new sources, even CERC writes about it, about the curtailment of renewable energy 
during the peak hours. Probably there's a significant number both in solar and wind. I know this 
is beyond our control because this is probably largely a transmission issue.  
 
But I just wanted to get your understanding what is the clarity we are getting from the transcos  
on getting this issue sorted out because if this continues, probably RE addition will also get 
hampered in my limited understanding, if you can throw some light there. The transmission 
issues which we are facing because of curtailment is happening. Yes. Over to you. 
Alok Das: 
Yes. Now you see basically curtailment issues is a much discussed topic today in the centrally. 
So now they are taking that how to address that curtailment. And at the same time, if the 
curtailment happened, how to mitigate to that risk of the settlement. So this is a discussion topic 
today.  
 
So now they are taking how to create a green corridor for the proper power evacuation, proper 
load flow study so that whatever the power evacuation is coming, that can be given and properly 
utilized by the load data center to each zone like in WLDC, the NLDC and other thing. So it is 
under the discussion. 
 
Mostly topic is coming to the predominant state where the curtailment has been found and how 
to address during peak time of generation, both predominant 2 sources of the solar and wind. So 
now it is in the discussion how that -- the PGCL already come the tendering that how to create 
an early kind of power execution to address to the curtailment issues. And it is being discussed 
all the transcos and distribution company, not only central CERC, all sort of ERC also there in 
the participant.  
 
So, this is the coming time, probably some solution will come, how fast that the project can 
come. Today, most of the CTU projects, they are coming '28, '29, 2030. So that kind of -- that 
augmentation of power evacuation systems are just a way to create all sort of facilities to address 
that curtailment issue. So that is a dynamic situation. It will be going like that. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood, sir. But as of now, there's no deadline for the solution. These all are under discussion 
and probably will fructify in coming quarters, in coming months. Correct, sir? 
Alok Das: 
Yes, that is -- yes, that is a dynamic decision, not a concrete decision has come from CERC level 
or some of the verdict has come from CERC level, what kind of process we should follow. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Monish Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Monish Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers. My question is that what will be the portfolio 
addition in the IPP segment in the coming first 6 months of the year? And with the increase in 
the portfolio of IPP, can we expect any increase in margins? 
Salim Yahoo: 
IPP portfolio, if you see that we have already won a couple of tenders out of which this 250, 370 
is already partially energized and remaining is getting energized. Over and above that, we have 
already got a financial closure as well as disbursement and working on 150-megawatt wind, 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
which is again in KPI. Other than that, there is an SJVN also, which we have yet not signed the 
PPA is expected to come. 
 
So, the IPP portfolio is expected to increase. And as you know, the IPP segment gives you a 
very strong EBITDA. It's about 85% to 90% of EBITDA. So automatically, once the IPP 
portfolio capacity increases in the overall revenue segment, it will improve the profitability as 
we go forward. 
Monish Kumar: 
Got it, sir. And my second question is that with the EPC segment also likely to grow, will the 
margins stay there? Or will the overall EBIT margin of the entire portfolio is going to rise. 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, as we grow the EPC segment, you're right that the combination has to be seen that how 
much EPC segment increases and how much IPP segment increases. And combination are 
always -- we always try to see that our margins are maintained or they are improved. 
 
So, we'll always keep in mind that our IPP portfolio increase to an extent where it will not -- it 
will improve our margin or it will keep the margin stable because the EPC is also growing 
substantially, as you are aware that we have already have INR5,000 crores of order book in EPC 
segment also. So, the more the EPC segment, the margin will come a little bit -- will get a little 
bit strained. So, we are increasing the IPP segment also to that extent so that we are able to 
maintain this healthy margin what we are earning right now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Falguni, an Individual Investor. 
Falguni: 
Yes. First of all, congratulations on a strong and very superb numbers. Yes. My question is 
regarding cash flow. As the company continues scaling rapidly, okay, how should investors look 
at operating cash flow generation and working capital? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, as we are growing, the working capital requirement is more on the EPC business. So we 
have strong EPC business. So that's why if you see my working capital has also increased 
substantially, which has increased our interest cost also. But at the same time, we are able to 
maintain healthy cash flow. With the increase in the working capital, our cash flows are not 
strained.  
 
So, if you see that we have grown almost 100% on the cash flow last year, which were around 
INR200 crores has almost crossed 100% and as we have crossed INR400 crores on the cash flow 
side. So, we are very cautious, and we see to it that we have a proper mix between the working 
capital that we are utilizing and the revenue that we are clocking with that working capital so 
that our operating cash flows are always positive. 
 
At the same time, we have capex and everything. So we keep in mind that our operating cash 
flows are positive and the capex comes from our long-term investments only. So that's why we 
have been able to give the better numbers or a good number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Sharma, an Individual Investor. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
Ayush Sharma: 
So, I just wanted to know that as we previously mentioned that the Botswana project will be 
funded by some subsidiary if at all subsidiary for KPI. So just wanted to understand that what 
would be the equity mix ? Would that be just like sundrops energia where 50% holdings will be 
KPI and some will be s privately. So how that will be -- just wanted to hear your comments? 
Salim Yahoo: 
As I said in my earlier answer also, the Botswana company will be a step-down subsidiary of 
KPI because as per the ODI rules of FEMA, 4x of the net worth of the parent company can be 
invested into the international or step-down subsidiary. So, we are leveraging on the net worth 
of KPI also because ultimately, it will be a step-down subsidiary. 
 
So, the consolidation will happen at KPI level. So, we will leverage on KPI's strong net worth, 
which is going to go stronger and then start working on that equity portion, how we'll get in the 
equity. We have other options like InvIT and everything, which might think at that time.  
 
But at present, the first commitment of 500 megawatts, we are very comfortable with the existing 
net worth of KPI, which a portion can be invested for the equity portion. Rest all, we already 
have in principle approvals from various international funds for investing into Botswana. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Plus91 Asset Management. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sir, just one clarification on the CPP order book. You mentioned it's INR5,246 crores. At the 
end of the last quarter, if I remember correctly, in the con call, we had mentioned that we have 
an order book of about INR6,000 crores. This quarter, we have an execution of about INR700-
plus crores and further addition of about 1 gigawatt, as I can see from the presentation. I was 
under the impression that order book in CPP would be well above INR10,000 crores. If you can 
just help me understand what's my data base? 
Salim Yahoo: 
If you see, I'll give you an exact calculation out of the total capacity in the order book. So out of 
INR5,426 crores, INR1,500 crores is already executed. And there's another INR3,679 crores 
which is there. I'm only counting about the bigger order book. There are a lot of small, small 
orders also. 
 
If you see, we have added one bigger one like we had Aditya Birla, we had Adani Green. We 
have multiple orders in Sundrop also. So CPP order book, what we are showing is the total new 
order book plus whatever is left from the previous order book that was pending till now. In the 
small orders, we have multiple small orders in Sundrop, which we have not factored in over 
there, yes. 
Parth Kotak: 
Got it. Got it. Sir, I just want to understand if you are confident, I think in FY '27, given the 
current order book, we will do a 40%, 50% growth. But post FY '27, especially in '28, '29 on a 
higher base, do you think we can still continue to grow at 30%, 40% on the CPP side? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes, because if you see that there is a huge market. And as we are seeing that the way the world 
is moving towards renewable energy, we have substantial order book. A lot of tenders are 
coming as Dr. Alok had also specified on, we had discussion with stakeholders, government 
stakeholders. So we are sure that we will be able to contribute 40% to 50% growth year-on-year 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
with the existing order book and with the new order book that we'll be taking over in this year 
and the next year. 
Alok Das: 
And also in addition to that, there are so many tenders that happened and by way of Salim was 
telling, we have just got started -- got order from Adani and other things. Similar, there are so 
many IPP customers, they need some sort of partner for their execution partner, whereby we are 
also talking some of the new funnel for such type of activities. So obviously, there is a profile 
where we can really stick into that our target audience. There are more than 20, 30 gigawatt 
projects are to be scheduled to be commissioned for next 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthik Sharma from Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. 
Karthik Sharma: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just have one question on each of your segments, 
IPP and CPP. So, we have 1.61 approximately WIP in the IPP segment. So, is there -- can you 
give us some CODs for the work in progress? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, I'll give the CODs for the work in progress. Like 250 megawatt we have October '26, 
another 370 megawatts we have again October '26, then new 150 megawatt, we have November 
27. And the other there is another 300-megawatt SJVN, which we cannot give the COD because 
the PPA is yet to be signed. Once you sign the PPA, you get approximately 24 months, 18 to 24 
months for signing that. 
Karthik Sharma: 
Got it. Okay. And on the CPP side, you -- from the previous participant, just continuing on that, 
can you just give us some highlight on as to what realizations do we get on our EPC business? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See EPC business, if you see my -- EBITDA on EPC business is approximately 16% to 18%, 
sometimes depending upon the kind of a project. The project, if there is with material, it might 
have a different margin. If it is only balance of plant or it's only EPC business without material, 
then it is a different margin. But combined, you can see that on the EPC side, we get around 
16% to 18% margin. On the IPP side, we have around 85-odd percent margin. So combined 
EBITDA of the company comes at around 33% to 36%. 
Karthik Sharma: 
Understood. I understand that is the margin, but I wanted to understand the realization. For 
example, you have given your -- let's say, your order book is around -- like you said INR5,246 
crores. So how do we convert that into megawatt or gigawatt? Like what is the number or 
conversion ratio that you use? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See if I look at this INR5,246 crores in a broader sense, it might go up to 2.7 gigawatt. But there 
are orders which are with material with us. But if I calculate the amount of each order with the 
capacity will not tie up because some projects are with material, some are without material. 
That's why. So -- but 2.7 gigawatt is something that you can round about the size of the orders 
that we have on the EPC side. 
Karthik Sharma: 
Okay. And this 2.7 is including the module procurement and the turbine procurement? 
Salim Yahoo: 
That's why 2.7 is the size of the order. In some orders, there might not be -- module might not 
be part of it. In some orders, it might be part of it depending on that. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Karthik Sharma: 
Is there a breakup fee that? How much is with and without? 
Salim Yahoo: 
No, no, we cannot give that breakup in the public domain because it's our business. So everybody 
will want to know what is our pricing and everything, right? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. 
Disha: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Firstly, sir, on the BESS segment side, I just wanted 
to know what sort of growth do you see in that segment? And how -- what are the EBITDA 
margins that we see in these projects? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See battery energy storage system, I'll just give you a brief. This is one upcoming segment. The 
reason is that majority of the solar power has -- there is an issue of FDRE on the renewable 
energy power. And battery will bring that big dispatch renewable energy kind of a system, which 
most of the institutions, government institution or the DISCOM want. And margins depend upon 
different routes because at present, there is a viability gap funding and everything.  
 
So the government is supporting this battery energy storage system. I think the margin will be 
something because a lot of projects will be on the rental where you have to provide the rental 
services of setting up the battery system and providing the power. So margin will not be as 
lucrative as an IPP or something, but it will be at a decent rate. 
 
Majority of the -- it depends upon the pricing at which you win the tender. So exact margin 
cannot be stated. But I will request Dr. Alok also to give a little bit on the scenario of how the 
battery storage system segment is shaping up in coming. 
Alok Das: 
See, basically, why this battery energy storage system are being -- most of the states are 
considered because of discipline in power because mostly the renewable energy today, mostly 
dominated by wind and solar. So, wind is coming on the day, little inconsistent, but night time 
it is more. Solar, we are coming in the daytime and but night, there is nothing. So just to maintain 
a discipline based on the demand of the state distribution company. So there is a concept of some 
storage.  
 
Now that storage come to the battery energy storage where daytime, they can give the surplus 
power day and night, they can store in the battery. And when the state distribution company 
requires the power, so that is to be discharged. So that is the concept of coming the battery energy 
storage. So, if that battery storage is coming just a part of the system, then there's a good 
discipline would be coming at that market today is coming enormous. There is -- all states, be it 
Rajasthan and Maharashtra has declared the policy.  
 
Gujarat has declared the policy. So that target in gigawatt scale. So if you take the gigawatt scale 
battery, so that is what the market is coming at what rate is to depend on the demand curve or 
the distribution curve when it is TOD, time of the day tariff slots, they will define the by which 
the battery will discharge. So, it is a very, very primitive stage, very, very nascent stage how the 
whole system will be working. So, this is what we can get what tariff would be coming.  

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
 
But market is because today, there is a mandatory that this should be a part of the system. 
Otherwise, renewable energy cannot be compatible with the grid management system. So that is 
a mandatory requirement for the battery storage. 
Disha: 
Right. So, what is the current order book that we have for the BESS? 
Salim Yahoo: 
At present on the BESS or the Battery Energy Storage System, we have 2 major orders. We have 
440/890 megawatt hours, which we have won the tender. Another one is public120/240-
megawatt hours. So, these 2 orders we already have, which are signed. I mean the end user end 
customer is GUVNL. So, we have got that order book present. 
Disha: 
And overall, sir, how do you see the pipeline? And what sort of order inflows are we targeting 
for FY '27? 
Alok Das: 
Most of the biddings are coming from the SECI and all states, they are coming on the bidding 
process. The pipeline, as I said, it is a pan-India basis. There are -- a gigawatt scale bidding is 
coming and mostly KPI is participating most of the bid. So obviously, it is because it is a 
Jharkhand coming as a mandatory option. So, we are in the pathway to participate in the bid. 
And most of the battery energy storage is coming through bid only. So that is what we are good 
at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anil Sarin from K16 Advisors. 
Anil Sarin: 
Just wanted some clarity in the recently declared results. One, the other income has gone up 
from roughly INR20 crores to roughly INR45 crores. Why is that? Second, the depreciation has 
more than doubled? Third, the finance charges have more than doubled. So if you can throw 
light on these three aspects. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Okay. So, if you see the other income has increased substantially on account of interest on fixed 
deposit and the amount that we had got throughout the year because of which the other income 
has increased substantially. And if you look at the depreciation portion, we have added assets. 
So if you add the assets automatically, the depreciation portion increases with the add in the 
assets. If you see on the asset side, we have increased substantially on the KPI and on the consol 
level also if you see -- last year, the asset was around 2500 as I told in my opening remarks also 
asset has almost increased to INR5,000 plus kind of a thing.  
 
On the finance cost, which has increased substantially, if you remember last year, we had done 
a QIP. We had done -- this QIP had raised funds due to which we were negative at some point 
of time. During that period, the interest cost was not available -- I mean, was not there because 
of which the last year interest seems to be lower. This year, we have increased on our working 
capital limits also because we have increased on the top line and due to which the interest cost 
has also increased substantially. 
Anil Sarin: 
Got it. Also, one thing that your -- sorry, you were saying something, please complete. 
Salim Yahoo: 
No, no, no. You can go ahead. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. So, the debtor days have sort of gone down, but the inventory days have gone up. So if 
you could throw some light on that? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, the inventory days, as I told you, we have a huge order book. And the geopolitical 
conditions, we know that the availability of turbine, panels will be an issue. So we have infused 
funds in stocking up the inventory. But 30% to 40% of the order book that we have at present 
have inventory, which is a decent size. Debtor days, we have -- I mean, we have been able to get 
what we said the payments on time and everything.  
 
So, debtor days, if you come with the increase in the top line, debtors have been at the same 
level. So that's why at a days level, it looks a little bit. But inventory, yes, inventory we have 
added. And as I told earlier in my earlier question also, to cater to our upcoming orders, we have 
to execute it in a timely manner. And to avoid any delay on account of geopolitical conditions, 
we are piling up the inventory and we have added the inventory so that we can execute in a 
timely manner. 
Anil Sarin: 
Got it. That's nice to know. Also, your capacity to be delivered. Right now, we are on the IPP 
side, we are a little shy of a gigawatt, some 964 or something, please correct me if I'm wrong. 
So where at the halfway mark in the coming -- in the current financial year, fiscal '27, what 
would this capacity -- IPP capacity stand at? And once we complete fiscal '27, what would be 
the capacity at that point in time? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See 965 which was as on 31st March '26, okay? Today, I'm sitting, we have already crossed the 
1-gigawatt mark because as I told in my earlier answer also that whatever capacity that we are 
doing on IPP, we can do it in a phase-wise manner. So we have already got the CEIG approvals 
and everything, and we have already crossed the 1 gigawatt. 
 
So total capacity, if I look at on a DC level, I might go above one point with this and the existing 
capacity of approximately 500 plus 1.6 or 1.7 gigawatt is something that we'll be adding up, 
majority of which will be this year. Partially, I think will go in case if it is, but we are planning 
to get it in this financial year, 1.7 gigawatt on the IPP side. 
Anil Sarin: 
Got it. So correspondingly, what I have noticed, and you may please enlighten me more about 
it, that gradually the EBITDA margin is increasing quarter-by-quarter. In the fourth quarter, it 
went up to 36.6% without counting other income. So can one expect that the EBITDA margin 
will go further high as the share of IPP increases? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. And that is what is our game plan also increase the IPP portion in the overall mix of IPP 
and CPP. But at the same time, if I keep on increasing my top line with CPP also because I have 
to increase that business also. 
 
So, we are sure that our EBITDA will grow. I mean if I reduce the CPP automatically, the 
margins will grow, but my top line will curtail to some extent, but we don't want that. We want 
the margins will be as we have done. We need to be maintained. We don't want it to go down or 
increase only. But at the same time, CPP business should also increase. 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. And now this is more of a broader industry question. See, the Indian government has 
recently got a scare and a shock from the Iran war situation. So one would imagine that there 
would be better appreciation of renewable energy. Do you see any change in the way 
policymakers are behaving with you in terms of wanting greater renewable energy and thereby 
does that translate into better business opportunities for you? Not to mention, I mean, you 
anyway are growing very, very well. But as a result of the Iran-U.S. -- conflict, any changes in 
the environment that you are seeing? 
Alok Das: 
Yes, sir. Now this is a complete paradigm shifts are happening in India because we are mostly 
dependent on the fuel import in the economy. So now there is a clear-cut directives from the 
central government. You should use maximum non-fossil fuel-based resources, which means 
renewables is coming in the very much limelight. So now this government authorized MNRE 
has been taking a very strong state that how to utilize and how to potential mapping very fast so 
that whole demand of India, which is -- this will be hitting up to 300 megawatt per day, 
something like that demand is coming.  
 
So peak demand today is coming about 256 gigawatts, and this is expected about 300 gigawatts. 
To match that demand, there is a clear cut direct maximum renewable energy has to be explored. 
So be it rural or urban or just any kind of the industry, it is to be gone through a project by 
renewable energy. For example, even the steel industries, they need the hydrogen. So previously, 
it is the coal based.  
 
Now they are clear cut directive, it is to be green hydrogen based. So now green hydrogen, the 
obligation that is driven by the policy, it has been declared already. By 2035, they have given 
certain relaxation in transmission charges. So that all industry for green hydrogen, they can go 
for such type of an industry, number one. Number two, even the Agrivolt.  
 
So all kind of agriculture are the maximum diesel, et cetera. Now the government is declaring, 
so you have to go for the solar installation. So that market is coming more than -- if you ask me 
that market is more than 1.2 gigawatt, 1.2 gigawatt market is there short term and long term, it 
should be much more gigawatt sales even for the agriculture. So it is all captive projects, all kind 
of that industrial use, it has been given directive. At least they should go for the renewable energy 
initiatives.  
 
And government is not for there. So whatever the renewable purchase obligation, they are 
coming a policy, it is to be mandated now. All companies, they should go for the is the demand 
to meet the obligatory by renewable energy only. So it is to be regulated by the state distribution 
company and also state regulatory system. So these are the few changes being adopted by the 
Government of India and State Government. So with that hope, we are expecting being a KPI. 
It is a good platform for an opportunity to steer forward. 
Anil Sarin: 
Just one follow-up, one question on that. In fact, I have two. I'll just stay with the first one first, 
that the operating cash flow has improved quite well actually. It has more than doubled this year, 
which is a positive development. As you go ahead with greater and greater IPP, what will happen 
to the operating cash flow and the OCF flow through.  

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
 
Today, roughly whatever I can see, around 44%, 45% of the declared EBITDA has been 
delivered as cash flow in the hands of the company. So if you can comment on how the cash 
flow will evolve as IPP becomes more dominant unless, I mean, you are saying that CPP also is 
keeping pace, so the balance will not change. But I just want to know, good thing OCF has gone 
up, but what is the outlook on OCF? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. So we have to understand that IPP is a segment which gives us a very strong cash flows, 
okay? One is because of it is strong EBITDA. But at the same time, IPP does not require any 
working capital. So increase in IPP will have very -- you can have a positive impact on the cash 
flows because it adds to the net cash accruals, but doesn't take anything in the working capital.  
 
Just like CPP, it requires working capital. IPP doesn't require working capital. So you can 
understand if there is a working capital, automatically, your cash flow from operations get hit if 
there is a lot of working capital, which is utilized. Here, it is clear that, that IPP increase will 
increase the cash flow and will have very good positive impact on the overall operating cash 
flows of the company. And that was the reason, one of the reasons for having this good numbers 
on the cash flow side also. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. Okay. And this -- on the BESS side, BESS, BESS side, is the profitability more or 
unchanged or lower than your regular business of IPP and EPC that you do? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Regular IPP business has got an EBITDA of around 85% to 90%, which we might not seek 
provided -- I mean, if there is a very good BESS project, which has come with a very good -- 
what is the pricing, it can give up to that extent. But at present, we have not seen any BESS 
project, which can give up to 85% to 90% of EBITDA margin. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. And in fact, in this month, you will be having viability gap funding. So it seems that the 
battery prices haven't come down enough that on its own, it becomes a viable project. So 
including the VGF, what margins can one expect in a BESS project? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, I told you the expecting margin because all the tenders have been floated at different pricing. 
VGF is also at different. Somewhere it is INR18 lakh per megawatt or somewhere it is INR27 
lakh. So different tenders have been bid at different prices. 
 
So thinking about the margin, yes, there is not a very strong margin, but there are margin 
depending upon the -- at what pricing the projects have been taken and how they will get 
executed because again, the battery and technology, whether you are using lithium, whether 
you're using sodium. So that is also dependent upon the technology that you might be using and 
the pricing at which the batteries are taken. 
Anil Sarin: 
And these are the same 25 years? 
Salim Yahoo: 
No, batteries have 12 years kind of details. Yes, just about done, Mr. Alok. 
Alok Das: 
Just your question about this battery storage, what Salim was telling, yes, that is very much 
correct. Now you see VGF cannot be a long-term solution. When that India is driving towards 
250 gigawatt hour by 2030. So whatever VGF first has been declared later on, there has to be 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
some facility management to be created in-house in India. And most of the company is doing 
like that way. So when this volume comes, obviously, there should be cost reductions. But as on 
today, the scenario what we told Mr. Salim, that is the situation today. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. But what is the -- then what would be the IRR of a BESS project because -- and what is 
the IRR of an IPP project? 
Alok Das: 
Your sound is not very clear. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. Let me say again. The equity IRR of the regular IPP projects in the past, you have 
mentioned, I think it is 15%, 16% or so. Maybe it is higher. I don't know, you can please clarify. 
But compared to that, what is the equity IRR of a BESS project? 
Salim Yahoo: 
I think we are losing half of the words, we are not able to hear. 
Alok Das: 
Your voice is cracking. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Operator, is there any issue on that side. 
Anil Sarin: 
Can you hear me better now? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Anil Sarin: 
Is it better now? I'll repeat my question. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Sorry, it is cracking in the middle. I mean we are not able to hear the entire sentence. We are 
able to get sort of some words. Operator, last chance. Otherwise, we will switch -- we can go to 
the next speaker. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sarin, you are audible, please go ahead. 
Salim Yahoo: 
I'm audible but participant who is asking a question, we are not able to hear that. 
Moderator: 
The participant's name is Mr. Anil Sarin, even sir, right now, he is audible. Let him go ahead. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Even your voice is a little -- it's cracking. 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. One last chance and then we can move to the next speaker. If you can please give me a 
chance. 
Alok Das: 
Still, there's a problem, sir. I think you can communicate to us and we can revert to you. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Sarin, I believe the management is unable to hear us. Can you please rejoin the queue or you 
can communicate it to the management. We'll move to the next question, which is from the line 
of an Ashish Rampuria, an Individual Investor. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Salimji, is my voice audible to you? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
No I think even we not audible. I mean the operator itself is not audible properly, there is some 
difficulties that we are facing. 
Moderator: 
Let me please check the connection for management, just give me a moment. Ladies and 
gentlemen, please stay connected. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Salimji, Ashish here. See, Salimji, I've been seeing the company for quite some time. Farukji, 
historically used to talk about 70%, 80% CAGR till FY '30, then it became 60%, 70%. Last 2 
quarters, you were speaking 50%, 60% CAGR. Now last 3, 4 days with interviews now, we 
started talking 40%, 50% CAGR. I'm talking till FY '30. Is there a structural slowdown that you 
all are seeing; hence, this forecast of growth is reducing? If you can just throw some light on 
that? 
Salim Yahoo: 
See, yes, CAGR, what we have shown it's around 50-60 or 40-60. We are growing at a very 
strong pace. We already said that, okay? Now if you look at -- if I ask somebody, you tell me 
companies which are growing at 40% to 50%, 50% to 60% in the renewable sector. There are 
hardly any company which has grown at this rate.  
 
So, we are growing at a rate. It also depends upon the sector. If the sector, if you see what growth 
it was giving earlier, the sector growth has also a little bit what we say curtailed. But at the same 
time, we have not curtailed too much. We have grown at a very good rate. We are expecting to 
come at a 40% to 50% growth rate in the upcoming years also. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Got it. So, I'm not questioning whether it's lower. I'm just trying to understand, if I look at the 
last 2-, 3-year journey or even longer journey, we were speaking of a higher CAGR every year. 
And I'm talking about a longer, I'm not talking of 1 year. And we are sort of now highlighting a 
lower time? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes, that's what at that time, if you see, the sector was very promising at that time also right now 
also. But with the geopolitical conditions, you have seen some kind of what we say, less 
acceleration, I would say -- I won't say slowdown. It's a less acceleration compared to what 
acceleration was there earlier. So, we are also in line with the same acceleration. We are growing, 
we are growing in the same pace.  
 
It's only that overall. If you see, we might grow at more than 60% to 70% also depending upon 
if the sector gives you that support. So, it has to be also the geopolitical conditions to be taken 
into consideration while we look at the sector because when we give -- at that time when we 
gave that CAGR, the sector was very promising and very booming. Now the acceleration to that 
extent has not been in the sector. That's why if you see, we are also growing at the same pace 
where the sector has slowed the acceleration.  
 
But we are -- again, I'm reiterating this to -- for my shareholders and stakeholders that this is 
something what we have achieved over a period of time, and we are maintaining that growth 
strategy or the growth momentum, which we have shown over a period of time. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Fair enough. So currently, we are saying 40% to 50% CAGR till FY '30. Is that the 
understanding? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
Correct. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Okay. Secondly, if I look at it also last 2 years in the investor presentation, we are seeing we'll 
go to nearby? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Your voice is cracking. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Is it audible? Is it better now? Can you hear me, Salimji? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Yes. Yes. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
So, I think we have been talking about nearby states for quite some time. And obviously, I think 
I saw the recent order of Rajasthan. But in your investor presentation, we are highlighting 
Odisha, Telangana and other states. Where are you on that journey… 
Salim Yahoo: 
Not able to hear you. Again, voice is breaking operator. 
Moderator: 
Sir, actually, Mr. Rampuria is clearly audible to me. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Madam, we are not able to hear you. Neither you also, I mean, we are having issue. I mean your 
voice is breaking. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
No. No. It happens all the time. No, no worries. See, the nearby states, Salimji, we have been 
talking for quite some time, right? And I think I saw some progress on the Rajasthan front. What 
about other states, right? When do we expect that we will be able to venture to those states? 
Alok Das: 
See thing is like this. Now today, we are entering into Rajasthan, as you said very correctly. We 
have already entered some of the states like Karnataka, we have already taken some of the 
projects to be -- some resources we have taken. So we'll be doing some projects there. We are 
also participating in the state of the Odisha for their bidding process of floating solar initiatives.  
 
So, these states when they are coming on the bidding process, we are in the queue to participate 
for there. So, in a nutshell, apart from Gujarat, we are there in Rajasthan, Odisha and Karnataka 
and we are now planning to enter into the MP also and Maharashtra. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Got it. Maharashtra was my question, right? Because I think Maharashtra has announced a very 
strong focus on renewables. We entered or won a project about 2 years ago, but I'm not seeing 
too much traction in Maharashtra. Any reason why Maharashtra was not a focus for us? 
Alok Das: 
See Maharashtra now very recent, they have declared with the BESS compatible projects. Now 
they have declared more than 100 kilowatt just any project to be based on the base. So now 
there's a lot of traction coming in the Maharashtra, particularly those projects who need the 
round-the-clock operation, data centers and all. So, there are some policy also declared that in 
favor of renewable energy. We are getting a lot of traction.  
 
At present, we are in the search of good resources because the renewable energy should come 
always in the grid connectivity and land and et cetera. KPI is already doing some of the testing 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
for all sort of resource, very advanced stage. You will be getting very fast hearing from our side 
about some Maharashtra projects are happening. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Got it. And any color on the order pipeline? I mean, not -- I think order pipeline value is that's 
already won. But in terms of bids that we have placed, any color on that? 
Salim Yahoo: 
So, on the bid pipeline, we have more than 4 to 5, I can say, megawatt bid, which we are trying 
to participate in. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
You mean 4 to 5 gigawatts, right? 
Salim Yahoo: 
Gigawatt. Gigawatt. Overall bid. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
And what should we expect in terms of win ratio for these 4 to 5 based on historical. 
Salim Yahoo: 
In the past, our win ratio has been at 75%. But going forward, we'll be very selective. We'll select 
high-margin kind of tenders, and we'll try to gain as much as the faster execution kind of tenders. 
So we'll focus more on that. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Got it. And Botswana, any update? Have we moved on the 500 megawatts? Have we got that 
comfort from the -- I mean. 
Salim Yahoo: 
I already answered the question that, yes. 
Ashish Rampuria: 
Sorry, I joined a bit late. I will wait, no worries. 
Salim Yahoo: 
But yes, I mean, we have already moved ahead substantially. companies are formed. It's a 
subsidiary of KPI. And very shortly, you'll see the PPA getting signed and we'll be starting with 
our execution. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Monish Kumar, an Individual Investor. 
Monish Kumar: 
My question is with respect to the IPP effect. 
Salim Yahoo: 
Please carry on, sir. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Kumar, please go ahead with the question. We have lost the line from Mr. Kumar. We'll 
move to the next question, which is from the line of CA Vansh from Serene Alpha Analytics. 
Vansh: 
I have a question that when will this start contributing to our top line by FY '27 or FY '28? 
Salim Yahoo: 
You're talking about the IPP project, right? 
Vansh: 
This BESS, Battery Energy Storage? 
Salim Yahoo: 
That I think we'll complete it in this financial year most probably. And next year, '27, '28,'ll find 
the revenue getting clocked into our top line of Sundrop. 
Vansh: 
By FY '28, right? 

 
 
KPI Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Salim Yahoo: 
'27, '28, yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. With that, I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. 
Vinod Jain: 
Yes. Thank you. And now our Whole-Time Director, Mr. Sohil Dabhoya, given an brief on the 
operational part of our business. 
Sohil Dabhoya: 
Thank you, Mr. Jain. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to take this opportunity 
to highlight how we see our growth trajectory in the coming years. We are now growing at a 
strong pace of 40% to 50% year-on-year.  
 
Our team is fully equipped and well prepared to support this growth journey. We are on track to 
achieve our 10-gigawatt target by 2030. And we are confident that we will reach this milestone 
ahead of schedule. Our vision extends beyond India. We aim to expand globally and develop 
renewable energy projects in international markets, leveraging our proven execution capabilities 
and industry expertise.  
 
At the same time, our strategic focus is to increase the share of our IPP business, which will help 
us build a stable annuity income stream for the next 25 years. Thank you. Thank you once again 
for your continued trust and support. We remain committed to creating long-term value for all 
our stakeholders. Thank you. Thank you. Over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Vinod Jain: 
Yes. Thank you. I would -- at last, I would like to convey my heartiest thanks to all the 
participants for their active participation. I hope that we have been able to reply to all your 
queries to your full satisfaction. And once again, we look forward to your continued support and 
confidence in the company and company's operations. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Share India Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines 
