 
 
 
 
Date: June 04, 2026 
 
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block – G  
Bandra – Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Symbol: SOFTTECH  
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 543470 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Q4 & FY 2025-26 Results held on June 2, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 28, 2026 and June 2, 2026, regarding Earnings Call 
for Q4 & FY 2025-26 Results scheduled on June 2, 2026, please find attached the transcript 
of the aforesaid earnings call held on June 2, 2026 at 11:00 AM (IST). 
 
The transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website at: 
https://softtechglobal.com/investors/investor-meet/  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
FOR SOFTTECH ENGINEERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
AADISHRI ANIKET APTE 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
MEMBERSHIP NO.: A60642 
 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
AADISHRI 
ANIKET APTE
Digitally signed by 
AADISHRI ANIKET APTE 
Date: 2026.06.04 17:11:18 
+05'30'

 
1 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
 
 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
Event Date/Time: 02/06/2026, 11.00 A.M. IST 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr. Vijay Gupta 
Founder, Managing Director and CEO 
Mr. Deepak Bang 
Chief Financial Officer 
Ms. Aadishri Apte 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Ms. Priya Sen 
Go India Advisors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Moderator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Akash, moderator for the conference call. 
Welcome to SoftTech Engineers Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go 
India Advisors. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. I would now like to hand 
over the floor to Ms. Priya Sen from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am.  
Priya Sen: Thank you, Akash. Good morning, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you on 
behalf of SoftTech Engineers Limited. Thank you for joining us today for Q4 and FY26 earnings 
call. This is SoftTech's maiden conference call, and it's my pleasure to welcome you all. 
We have on the call Mr. Vijay Gupta, Founder, Chairman, and CEO; Mr. Deepak Bang, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Ms. Aadishri Apte, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. Please 
note that today's discussion may include certain forward-looking statements and must, therefore, 
be viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. I would now like to hand it over 
to Vijay, sir, for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Vijay Gupta: Thank you, Priya, and good morning, everybody. And I really would like to have a 
warm welcome to SoftTech Engineers Limited's earning conference calls. On behalf of the team 
of SoftTech Engineers management, I would like to really be grateful to all the investors, the 
analysts, and the stakeholders for joining the call today. I would really appreciate your interest in 
this company and the time you've taken for joining with us to understand the company and much 
more. I'm sure some of you were the new to the company, besides a lot who are already associated 
with the company.  
And for the benefit of the new, I would like to give a brief overview of the company. Myself, Vijay 
Gupta, founded this company about three decades back after having passed from IIT Mumbai in 
structural engineering and added with computer science. I worked for multinational companies 
before founding SoftTech, and the vision of SoftTech was to build world-class technology 
products for the build environment.  
We begin the journey with a product called STRUDS, which was actually structural analysis, 
design, and drafting product. It was a path-breaking product for concrete buildings design. And 
today, it is actually kind of competing the product, of Bentley, which is STAAD actually in the 
structural engineering space. We were actually kind of competing this product in the Indian and 
Asia Pacific countries and could get about 29-30% of the market share in India especially. But we 
came through a company called CSC, UK, and we sold this structural division in 2011. And this 
is a part of now you may be knowing about Trimble is the world leader in the industry.  
But our focus towards technology in the architectural engineering and construction operations 
domain remains very high, and this is where we have been continuously developing and 
broadening our scope towards digital governance ecosystem. Over the last three years, we have 
actually been innovating products in the space, what we call as architectural, engineering, 

 
3 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
construction, and operation space. And one of our flagship product, which came out in the year 
2006, is a building permit solution. And this solution is something which has actually changed the 
way people think about permitting.  
You know, like, say, we started journey with a product named AutoDCR that time. And in that 
product, the uniqueness was we checked the CAD drawings. You know, like, for any building to 
get approved, you need to get architects appointed. Architects creates the building plans, and the 
building plans are submitted to the authorities, and they are checked for the permitting. What we 
have done through this technology is we have really been able to take out a complete, kind of CAD 
process. And then from the CAD drawings, we check the entire objects and map to the building 
control regulations and tell the deviations automatically.  
This was kind of a very strong AI application in 2006, and now it has actually been working all 
across the country. We have penetrated it in more than about 1,500 cities and 18 states in the 
country today. And this is really kind of a technology which has been adopted very deeply 
throughout the country. Our last three decades have been towards building technology solutions, 
helping the governments, urban local bodies, infrastructure agencies, developers, and the 
construction companies. Just with the motive of improving their efficiency, bringing significant 
transparency, and making the decision process very, very informative and across the entire project 
life cycle.  
The solutions which are actually working towards design, approve, build, and operate, are now, 
which are actually kind of independent products in initial years, have now been moving towards a 
comprehensive platform. And this comprehensive platform today is called a Civit suite of 
solutions, which addresses a wide range of requirements spanning from urban governance, 
infrastructure project monitoring, construction management and sustainability. 
Our objective remains very simple, I would say, to use technology to help our customers, plan 
better, build better, execute faster, and govern more effectively. And this is a huge amount of 
opportunity with SoftTech has today. The opportunity is very, very big and expanding across the 
country and beyond the country, I would say. We are witnessing increasing amount of investments 
into infrastructure, which we all know about because the industry. The country is actually on the 
boom side as far as building infrastructures on all fronts, roads, bridges, metros, and so and so. 
There is a rapid urbanization. There is a greater adoption of digital governance from the 
government side, and there is a growing emphasis onto the technology-led project management, 
because the kind of huge investments cannot be controlled without actually a very strong project 
management in place, and this is where SoftTech comes in with the technology solutions.  
These teams are creating strong demands and creating an environment where we can improve our 
compliances requirement for the projects. We can improve the speed at which the permits are 

 
4 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
issued. We can improve a great level of visibility, and we can make the decisions oriented towards 
data approach. We can call it as a data-driven decision making processes.  
One of the key milestones into FY26, which was actually a very, very encouraging year for us, is 
strengthening our position across the governance infrastructure and enterprise technology as we 
have received a mandate from the biggest organization like Airport Authority of India, where we 
have got a mandate for creating a digital platform where all the airports construction projects can 
be monitored and governed through our product called CivitINFRA.  
So this is something which is, in fact, a very good breakthrough, and we are confident to really, 
make our solutions work with helping governments in terms of monitoring these huge investments 
which they are making and accelerating the execution of the projects at a faster speed. The platform 
will help real-time monitoring of all the infrastructure projects on all the airports and will be giving 
a real-time dashboard information, milestone checking, and one of the most important thing is it 
will have digital BIM-based visualization and field level reporting. So, it's a kind of working, if I 
talk in the technology terms, it's kind of going to work like a common data environment for entire 
list of projects, and that's something which we are kind of very fascinate about in terms of helping 
Airport Authority of India in building the nation smartly. Our recent path-breaking development 
is our engagement as a technology partner for TDR platform, what we call as Civit TDR, and Civit 
TDR has been launched by Mumbai Municipal Corporation, and it has been mandated.  
For the interest of those who don't know what TDR is for all infrastructure projects, the government 
has a mandate of acquiring your land. And against acquiring this land, they give you either the 
compensation in cash or they give you a certificate, which is called TDR. And this certificate is 
like exchanging, and it's kind of a commodity. You can sell it to another person who can be owner 
of TDR, or you can use it into your construction projects at additional FSI.  
So, we have created an exchange platform wherein buyers and sellers can exchange the TDRs and 
do online trading of that continuously. This is a kind of path-breaking platform, unique and first 
time in India and we look forward to making through this system, a very transparent and visible, 
TDR transactions throughout the country. It has a very great level of transparency, efficiency, and 
scalability provisions, which will really shape the urban landscape of the country.  
In the governance segment, we are pleased to launch our building permissions systems at multiple 
places, like including we have recently got a further mandate for CivitPERMIT into the State of 
Gujarat, and we have been working with J&K and with GIS-based master plan, regulatory 
compliances, and single window platform, which is kind of, I would say, we are quite at home, 
and we have been working with multiple governments for making the permit as an experience, 
permit as easy because permit is something which is the backbone of the country in the process of 
development.  

 
5 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
The huge amount of investments of the developers is stucked up if permitting is not faster. We all 
know about it. So we have been really helping the governments very strongly through the help of 
technology. We have recently been working with National Highway Electrical Vehicle Unit to 
really create a kind of infrastructure platform wherein, like charging stations for EV (Electric 
Vehicles), is very, very important aspect for making electrical vehicles to come onto the ground, 
at speed. 
And we are helping governments in terms of deciding the regulations for the charging stations and 
also deciding the protocols which are to be followed, a procedural standard operating procedure 
for getting the permits on the charging stations with the government has poised and has actually 
significantly been investing for providing land to the charging station owners and providing all the 
single window clearance platform for getting the permits. And we have been working with 
National Highway Electrical Vehicles Authority for creating this infrastructure portal where we 
have positioned all the land, available for charging stations. We will keep working on enhancing 
this experience so that the government would be able to really manage the permits faster.  
Encouraging development besides the government side is actually our CivitBUILD has started, 
taking up very good shape in the private sector. We have won some good projects from the 
construction enterprises, which were leading construction enterprises for entire construction life 
cycle management through our product called CivitBUILD. And these are good wins which we 
have got, and we look forward to expanding this further.  
We have already been working in Middle East and other countries, African countries with this 
product, but the wins in India, basically, with the kind of size of the business which we have now 
generated and the passion which we have been looking into the construction sector for automation 
is really exciting us a lot with our technology platforms.  
While actually these all important milestones are individually and collectively reflect something 
more meaningful, they definitely demonstrate, I would say, a versatility of our platforms and 
growing acceptance of our Civit solution across governance, across infrastructure, and enterprise 
customers. So our aim towards Civit is we connect the entire ecosystem from the private 
contracting companies, from the consultants like architects and the fire consultants and MEP 
consultants, HVAC consultants to the governments. 
And on a single platform, we can bring all of them together for their entire need of architectural 
engineering, construction and operations domain. We would remain focused. We would remain 
keep working, expanding our adoptions to these platforms and offerings, and we will keep 
adopting new technology, I would say, like, BIM, GIS, and blockchain, IoT, etc., for our products.  
We have really been made a very, very good successful. And very recently, we have come out 
with a technology called CivitTwin, which has recently been launched by Mumbai City, 
Honourable Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis, launched this just few days back 

 
6 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
into Mumbai TechFest with AI-powered agent solutions, in the presence of Honourable Municipal 
Commissioner and Mayor of Mumbai City. So this CivitTwin is something which we are seeing 
as a path-breaking AI-agentic technology enabled solutions for pre-checking your entire plans and 
simulating the entire process of what is happening at the government side when you are putting 
your applications for permitting.  
So this will help, architects, builders, and all the consultants to really simulate and twin the process 
which is followed at the government side before they really submit the applications for getting the 
required approvals. And this agentic AI-based 12 agents will be working 24 hours to really help 
them out in terms of checking the relevant building codes and help them out in terms of, shaping 
what are the documents needed in terms of understanding, reading the documents automatically 
through AI technologies.  
And this is going to be significant impact towards permitting space in the country and the world. 
We have launched a similar, version of this for the German market, and we are looking forward to 
big breakthrough in the same area there as well. We have been getting a continuous healthy traction 
in our pipelines and are highly encouraged and excited by the opportunities emerging across 
infrastructure development, urban governance, modernizations, and the construction 
digitalization’s.  
The government's continued emphasis onto infrastructure creations, urban development, digital 
governance, and more importantly, ease of doing business aligns very well with our expertise. To 
the audience today, I would like to really, brief them again that we have really helped the 
government of India in terms of ranking their ease of doing business up from earlier 183 to today's 
about 20 odd.  
So basically, that's the huge amount of impact which we have brought in terms of permitting the 
speed with the governments actually deal with and have really brought a great deal of pride to our 
nation in terms of lifting the construction permits ranking. And that's something we are committed 
to and committed to make the governance very, very smart. As organizations is looking into digital 
processes, improve visibility, we are quite positioned in terms of transforming the organizations, 
leveraging especially technology like digital twin for simulating the entire of your infrastructure 
projects and mapping them towards controlling the performance of the projects, leveraging IoT as 
a technology, AI, of course, as a part of it, and multiple other technology pieces for security like 
blockchain, etc.  
Given the scale of opportunities before us and the momentum we are seeing across the business 
sector in this industry, we are confident to have a very strong long-term business growth prospects. 
Over the next three to four years, I am targeting that we touch a number of about INR 300 crores, 
as a revenue without really losing the focus onto the profitability, which is around the same 
numbers, like between 25-30% minimum as our EBITDA and supported by continuous new 

 
7 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
products additions, new customer additions, deeper engagements and existing customers 
increasing digital transformation waves. 
And that's where it's going to be our STRUDS. We have really been moving towards connecting 
the construction industry to the manufacturing, and that's where we are working on CivitMetaverse 
as one of our extended product, I would say, from CivitPLAN to CivitBUILD to CivitINFRA to 
CivitSUSTAIN and now CivitMetaverse, where we will connect the automation of plants 
producing construction. Most of the construction nowadays slowly is moving towards construction 
done at factories, like all metros. The construction is done at factory, brought onto the site, and 
then all these payments assets are late besides business construction there. So basically, that's 
where the industry is also looking at kind of connecting the construction at site to the construction 
happening at factory. And there is an ecosystem. And that's where our CivitMetaverse technology 
would work very, very well.  
With this, I think we have huge potential, and I am really grateful to your support all the time in 
terms of looking at the company continuously. I would like to now hand over to my colleague, Mr. 
Deepak Bang, our CFO, who will take you through the financial performance for the fourth quarter 
and for the year ended 31st March 2026. Over to you, Deepak, to highlight the financials, and then 
we can move forward to the question and answers.  
Deepak Bang: Thank you, Vijay, sir. Thank you so much. I welcome all of you. First of all, good 
morning. Now, I will take you through the financial performance for the fourth quarter and full-
year ended 31st March 2026. So starting with our quarterly performance, revenue from operations 
for Q4 FY26 stood at INR 46.6 crores as compared to INR 31 crores in Q4 FY25, registering a 
healthy growth of 50% YoY. The strong performance was driven by continued execution across 
our product portfolios and growing adoption of our platform lead solutions.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 10 crores compared to INR 4.7 crores in the corresponding 
quarter last year, reflecting a growth of 110%, EBITDA margin improved to 21% from 15% in Q4 
FY25. Profit before tax increased significantly to INR 4.1 crores from INR 0.5 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year, while profit after tax stood at INR 2.7 crores as against INR 0.1 
crores in Q4 FY25. On a sequential basis, revenue grew by 43% over Q3 FY26. PBT increased by 
113%, and PAT grew by 133%. It reflects strong execution and improved operating leverages 
during the quarter.  
Moving to our full year performance, the revenue from operations for FY26 stood at INR 132.9 
crores as compared to INR 95.2 crores in FY25, representing a growth of 40%. EBITDA for the 
year increased to INR 32.2 crores from INR 22.3 crores in FY25. It registered a growth of 45%. 
EBITDA margin also improved to 24% as compared to 23% in previous year. PBT rose to INR 
8.9 crore from INR 3.3 in FY25. It grew at 173% as compared to last year. PAT stood at INR 5.3 
crore as compared to INR 1.3 crore in the previous year, reflecting a growth of over 300%.  

 
8 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Also, would like to update that the company had improved its day sales outstanding. It was 372 
days in FY25, which now improved to 260 days in FY26. Also, our cash collection cycle improved 
to 169 days from 270 days in previous year.  
Overall, FY26 was a year of strong growth, improved profitability, supported by healthy business 
momentum, improved operating efficiency, and increasing tractions across our key platforms. As 
of today, our total order book stands at approximately INR 232 crores, while opportunity pipeline 
remains healthy at around INR 436 crores. The strength of this pipeline, coupled with the 
increasing adoption of our solutions across governance, infrastructure, and construction, provides 
us confidence in our growth outlook going forward.  
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and would now be happy to take any questions that 
you may have. Thank you so much. Akash, we can now open the floor for questions and answers.  
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question comes from the line of Mr. Abhi Shah from Siddhi Technologies. Please 
go ahead, sir.  
Abhi Shah: I have a couple of questions. So first one is regarding the order book. So, as you 
mentioned the INR 230 crores of order book. So can you just provide me a split on how much of 
that is transaction based and project based? And also, on the INR 400 crore or the pipeline which 
you have mentioned on the PPT, what would be a conversion rate?  
And also, you have mentioned, that a huge breakthrough is soon in the Germany expansion you 
are planning. So what kind of order book or revenue can we expect, and when can we expect, 
especially in this CivitMetaverse segment? And any update on the Oman order book? And my last 
question would be on the U.S. side. You haven't mentioned anything on the U.S. footprint and it 
has been six to seven years. So When can we expect a breakthrough in the U.S. footprint?  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. So I'll go one by one. Maybe Deepak will tell about the breakup of out of 
order book. But normally, our order book is consisting of about INR 200-odd crores. Out of the 
60% will be booked almost this year in the revenue. And that 60%, I think, would be about 40% 
recurring revenue. And Deepak, you can correct me if the numbers are actually relevant.  
Deepak Bang: Yes.  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. And about out of INR 400-odd as our pipeline, I will say this is very strong 
pipeline. What we saw as a pipeline is actually after we have got a real number of tractions, we 
have been actually, if we bid that RFP, then we are almost at the level where we are competing 
very strongly in front of other competitors. And, we have actually been contributing in terms of, I 
would say, aligning to the business needs very well. So the probability level of conversions here 
are very high, more than about 60% is what I can close it with the numbers.  

 
9 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
On the next, as far as Germany market penetration is concerned, we have made a good 
breakthrough last month when we had actually presented our solutions to the multiple authorities 
and architects communities there, and it was very well accepted.  
Now in next three months, we are aligning to a specific set of, I would say, prototyping customers 
where we are implementing our products with them for checking it for the complete process 
mapping. Because, see, this is new country, lot of new rules, and there is a strong level of process 
mapping, which is required in the system. And, we would like to go through a complete due 
diligence before we go openly into the market. So we see that another six months would be kind 
of, order of the period where we can start getting traction on the conversion of this in the 
commercial sense with authorities there or architectural community there.  
And we are going to launch both our twinning platform as well as the government permitting portal 
simultaneously. I can say there is a huge traction and appreciation towards the technology, and we 
look forward to a significant potential in the market in Germany. More so because our German 
investor partner, Mr. Thomas Wolf, is very deeply into the construction tech automation. His entire 
30 years have gone into a product called RIB, which was actually kind of leaders into construction 
vertical in Germany.  
And his understanding of German market is very, very strong. And based on his guidance, we are 
moving forward in the market, and we look forward to his potential. As far as update on Oman is 
concerned, this is, of course, taking a significant time and, war has further delayed this, already 
taken a long time. But we are still standing on L2 level. From the pricing front, we are at L2 in the 
tender, which was there in Oman. But from the technology front, we were T1.  
So our potential of, like technology proving is very high there. But at the same time, since our 
costing has gone higher than the other bidder who is from Singapore, the customer is wanting that 
somehow we negotiate further. We have given our negotiated bids also. Now it is to be taken by 
the tender community. So this is already there on the portal of Oman government. And they need 
to select one out of these two tenders now.  
But war has actually made a lot of things uncertain and we don't know what is going to happen. 
On the U.S. front, there are a lot of tractions we're getting into. Of course, U.S. market right -- if 
you look at U.S. market, it is very, very promising from the services point of view. But when we 
talk about Indian products taken to the U.S. market, it is very, very tough market, I would say. But 
we have made good dent there. We have made good presentations. We have made POCs, which 
are successful. And still, we can say we are at a very, very leading position.  
We are participating into multiple exhibitions. And recently, we have got a good partner traction 
also there, which we will, kind of, looking forward with association there. So our product now is 
almost aligned to all the regulations of U.S, which we call as IBC, IRC and so and so building 
codes. But, yes, we are looking at good level of traction there.  

 
10 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
From the private sector in U.S., we have started getting good initial leads, and we have already 
generated revenues in FY25-26, though it is little, but I can see there is a traction from the 
subsidiary point of view. And in FY26-27, we see that we will get better revenues in U.S. on that 
front. And, we are confident, because of uniqueness and because of unique positioning of 
technology of this space, we are confident we will be able to win the market significantly. Hope I 
have answered all your questions. 
Abhi Shah: Okay. And one last question, it's regarding a bookkeeping question. So, on the cash 
flow front or cash flow statement front, so there is an increase in the provisioning. So what kind 
of provisioning are you doing? Like, it has increased from INR 45 lakhs to around INR 2.5 crores. 
So can you shed some light on that and whether it is recurring or it's a one-off?  
Vijay Gupta: So, Deepak, you would like to answer this question? 
Deepak Bang: Yeah. So, basically, the provisioning is, few is which the policy which we started 
last year. So TL provisions, there are few provisions which -- so basically, in government 
businesses, the government uphold some 1%, 2% of our invoice values, which they will process 
after certain period of time. So there are few amount laying in those buckets. So for the better 
presentation in front of the investors, based on the accounting standards, we taken a provision for 
those amounts in this financial year as well. So that amount will basically recovered in due course. 
So that provision will be reversed. But, yes, we had taken those provisions in this financial year.  
Abhi Shah: Okay. So but there would be need to put these provisions, in futures too, right, and 
would be recovered after that? 
Vijay Gupta: Yes. So I think, we are quite good in position in terms of saying that, definitely, 
some of them will be recovered, and we'll bring it back as a revenues generated again. But as a 
prudent policy, which we want to follow in terms of keeping a provision of long dues, like more 
than three years or so, is something which we want to kind of do it. But we are quite confident 
after a strong follow-ups again and after due course of time because as Deepak mentioned, there 
are certain, percentage of -- maybe sometimes security deposits or sometimes retentions, etc., 
which are actually accumulated in a period of time, and government taking them back takes time, 
sometimes even seven years.  
Deepak Bang: And one more thing would like to update that, there are certain provisions which 
we had taken against the, gratuity based on the revised Labour Act which came into picture in 
November 25. So that also increased the gratuity liability of the organization. So that also included 
into that. 
Abhi Shah: Okay. Yeah, that's it. Thank you for answering all my questions.  
Vijay Gupta: Thank you. 

 
11 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Yash Modi 
from Ashika Group. Please go ahead, sir.  
Yash Modi: Good morning, Vijay ji. Good morning, Deepak ji and to the team.  
Vijay Gupta: Good morning.  
Yash Modi: Congratulations on the great set of numbers. So my first question is with regards to 
the airport authority order that you spoke about initially. So, by the looks of it, so the initial INR 
17 crore order that we announced, including GST, so do you expect that order to be further 
enhanced in value? Because whatever you announced, seems like INR 16, INR 17 crores was a 
very small order for that kind of work that you're doing. First would be that question, sir.  
Vijay Gupta: Yes. So airport authority, as you know, is a very big account in terms of 
infrastructures and all. So, yes, INR 16 crores, INR 17 crores is not a big amount from the 
perspective of investments which airport authority wants to put for the digital transformation. But 
we look forward to, successfully implementing this product very well and then announcing it 
further digital transformation like digital twinning, controlling the digitally, remotely projects, etc.  
As a matter of fact, the first phase of the first project actually has gone very successful, and it was 
highly appreciated by none other than the Minister of Civil Aviation and the Chairman of Airport 
Authority of India. It was announced, one and a half months back. And now, you can see that all 
the projects are even monitored by them online through their mobile apps, which we have 
provided. And, this will be definitely been seen as a futuristic multiple projects, which we can 
target from Airport Authority of India, including maybe digital cleaning of the entire construction 
life cycle.  
Yash Modi: Sure, sir. Thank you. Secondly, congratulations on actually monetizing your 
CivitSUSTAIN product. And I see you've written that you're gained some traction in some 
Mitsubishi order and GIFT City pipeline. So if you could elaborate on this Mitsubishi order and 
the GIFT City pipeline that we have for our CivitSUSTAIN product.  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. So, CivitSUSTAIN as an enhancement of our product life cycle from plan to 
build to operate and sustain and energy management, etc. We have actually been working on 
CivitSUSTAIN as a product, and I'm really happy to announce here that we have got the first order 
for CivitSUSTAIN from none other than Mitsubishi because we work with Mitsubishi very well. 
Mitsubishi why? Because Mitsubishi is providing their controllers to L&T for the water 
management of the multiple cities.  
And for water management, the most important thing as a water infrastructure management, the 
important thing is managing the infrastructure projects of water pipelines, water distribution 
network, water quality, and also important is the pressure of the water such that as per the 

 
12 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
government's target of Har Ghar Jal Yojana. You know, like, everybody should have tap water 
reached to them.  
It is very important that we control the water pressures at different pipelines distribution. So what 
we have done using CivitSUSTAIN as our technology is we leveraged IoT, we leveraged water 
network simulation as a digital twin of water network and used the data created from the controllers 
of Mitsubishi, which are actually used by L&T for spreading water network for providing the real-
time monitoring of entire water network in a city.  
And this is a project for Delhi Jal Board, first project. And we have really been looking forward to 
enhancing this space along with Mitsubishi for multiple cities where they are working in the water 
project, not only in country, but, yes, of course, it will go very big way. We have not announced 
this formally because Mitsubishi has its own process of kind of getting the approval for publicity, 
etc. So we have put in a request for their Japan headquarters.  
Yash Modi: Sure, sir. And about the GIFT City pipeline? 
Vijay Gupta: GIFT City, we are working with them on, like, controlling this thing. Still, we are 
waiting for them to give a mandate for controlling.  
Yash Modi: Got it. Now for the most exciting bit which you have got the street most excited, the 
Civit TDR thing. If you could tell us how many people have registered on the platform, what is 
the status of have any trade taken place? And you've written the presentation that you'll look to 
replicate this to other cities as well. So if you could let us know about your plans of replicating 
this. Can this product be replicated at a municipal level at all like a lot of other cities in India? 
Because like you said, you have 80% market share in permitting. So if that were true, how big can 
the market actually be? Something on that front, sir?  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. So I would not be able to give you the exact number of registrations done as 
on date or as on this time. But they're good. I mean, I think about 100-odd registrations are already 
done. And we have already done some few transactions also, which are actually good on the 
platform. And we look forward to a very good numbers. Like, say, last year, the transactions on 
TDR was about INR 8,000 crores in Mumbai City itself. So that's where we see a good potential 
of transactions onto this.  
But, when the platform is made mandatory from 10th of May, all the transactions will now happen 
onto the platform, but the transactions which have happened before 10th of May are still in use. 
So the speed of transactions will increase as we go forward in next two, three, four months 
significantly because it is made compulsory from 10th of May by Commissioner of Mumbai.  
Now as regards the potential of this going forward in multiple cities and multiple places in the 
urban governance space, entire country is now looking at TDR as one of the major requirement 
because without TDR, infrastructure projects cannot move. And TDR is something which is 

 
13 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
attractive for the investors also. Because, see, what happens is, if I suppose, I as a layman or I as a 
common man, have a land, and if that land is acquired by government because it is coming in the 
path of a highway, I as a common man, do not know what to do with this TDR or what to do with 
the certificate given by the government and where do I sell it.  
And so that's where this system was very non-transparent before ETDR. So this is the 
transformation which we are bringing here in terms of citizen coming on the platform saying, I 
have this much TDR given by the government and anybody interested can buy it out. So all the 
municipal corporations especially the promising cities where urbanization is very much as a high 
growth would be looking at it. We have already started talking to multiple of them. It would not 
be right at my part to really, declare where all we have started working on. But I'm pretty confident 
that a lot of --  
Yash Modi: Sure, sir. And because we have generated this TDR on our platform, we are at the 
advantage to get these contracts with a technology partner. Say for BMC, most of the TDRs that 
would have been generated in Mumbai market for the past four, five years would have been done 
on our platform. Is that the correct understanding? 
Vijay Gupta: Yes. Because it's TDR, actually, whenever the land is given to the authority, 
authority has a process which is followed for generating TDR certificate. That is called generation, 
allocations, and utilization. These are the three processes followed. In the generation process, there 
is a governance, guidelines and all, which we have already automated, and we have been 
automating it through our add-on of our permitting solution in multiple cities, actually, including 
Mumbai, of course. So the advantage and uniqueness position for SoftTech is we have been 
helping in terms of creating this, generation process, utilization process, identification of zoning 
regulations process and so and so.  
Yash Modi: Got it, sir. I'll fall back in the queue if I have further questions. Thank you so much 
for the answers.  
Vijay Gupta: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Nilay Parekh 
from Perpetuity Ventures. Please go ahead, sir.  
Nilay Parekh: Hello, sir. Good morning. Am I audible? 
Vijay Gupta: Yes, please. Good morning.  
Nilay Parekh: Yes. So my question was regarding on this tax rate. So as I see you have given a 
tax rate for FY26 and FY25 at around 40-60%. So, may I know, how this tax is calculated?  
Vijay Gupta: If I can understand your question better, you're asking about the FY26-27, 40% 
growth, right? 

 
14 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Nilay Parekh: I would be asking regarding this tax expense that was at around 40-60% during 
this FY25 and FY26.  
Vijay Gupta: Tax expenses. Okay. Deepak, can you answer this question, please? 
Deepak Bang: So, see, the tax expenses is purely the calculation of current tax as well as the 
deferred tax processes. It is something which the percentage cannot be fixed. It depends on the 
transaction happened during the year, okay. And those transactions falls under which category, I 
mean, does it comes under direct current taxation process, or do we consider those expenditures 
or incomes and deferred tax? So based on that, the calculation comes for tax expenses.  
Nilay Parekh: Okay. All right. Also, one additional question from this business understanding 
perspective, can you just let me know more about this pay-per-use transaction and how it is actually 
helping us -- are these DSOs based on these products and how we are just implementing this on a 
business level scale and yes.  
Deepak Bang: Okay. So transaction based revenue, is basically, if I tell you that, in FY25, our 
transaction based revenue was INR 20 to 23 crores, okay. And this year, the transaction based 
revenue amount is INR 31 to 32 crores. So YoY, if you see, it's almost a growth of 40%, 45%, 
okay. So this transaction based revenue is directly comes in our account. So this improves our cash 
flow. So our working capital cycle will improve by this transaction based revenue. And because 
we got this on a transaction based, but, frankly speaking, this does not -- overall it impacts on my 
DSO. But, because these are invoiced and collected, so it doesn't come in my receivables. 
Vijay Gupta: Right. So, and if you're asking the question, let me first tell you about what is this 
transaction based nature. You know, like, say, in the permitting solutions, we can do one-time plus 
AMC as a contract solution. Or what we started from three years back is we don't give software to 
the organizations like governments and all. We put it onto a cloud. We do entire customization, 
whatever required from our side as a capital investment, and we make it run through our sources.  
And we charge from the customer based on the permits issued through the application on the square 
feet basis. That is the one nature of transaction based model here. And this is charged directly from 
the applicant. The applicant is an architect or a building owner, okay. So they will put an 
application. And once the scrutiny is done through our system, they will have to make the payment 
based on what is the rate decided. And the advantage of this system is, like, basically, the money 
is paid as soon as we have delivered the service.  
And so as Deepak mentioned, this actually improves our cash flow positions. This improves our -
- actually, the delays which happened, the government has avoided here because the payment 
comes either directly or through a treasury of government directly to our account. And there is no 
question on approval cycles which will go because it is already decided by the tenders. And this 
transaction has definitely improved, and we look forward to continuously upgrading our all 

 
15 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
existing clients also towards that as much as we can. And we are really progressing in terms of 
improving the transactions more and more towards this area. Hope this answers your question.  
Nilay Parekh: Yes, okay. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Nikhil Chandak 
from Shanghvi Family Office. Please go ahead, sir.  
Nikhil Chandak: Yeah. Hi. Thanks. So, couple of questions. One is you did elaborate on the 
payments being on time, but, a large part or almost all part of your India revenue is government 
linked. So is that the only way this will work, or is there any product which you've kind of done 
which is directly B2B kind of a product? So that is the first question. I'm just trying to understand 
the business a little bit better because government linkage beyond the limit can create an issue at 
some stage. You'll have to negotiate with so many municipal corporations and so on so forth to get 
the product accepted. That is one.  
The second part I wanted to check is when I see the statement of asset liabilities, there's a lot of 
intangible fairly large number and other intangible assets of INR 70 crore, intangible assets under 
development of INR 19 crore, other financial assets of INR 12 crore. So what exactly are these? 
And at the same time, there's also a large trade receivable number of almost INR 34 crore, which 
is like in order of INR 20 crore top line, INR 34 crore is trade receivables. So if you could explain 
this part also a little bit better.  
And the third question was, where do you see the revenue growth, say, or the revenue numbers, 
say, two, three years down the line, you are roughly at INR 120 crore kind of a revenue. So if you 
look at, say, FY2829, where do you think this revenue as a business plan really goes to? Thanks.  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. So first, I'd go through that India government business, and that is definitely 
something where we have plus and minus both combined together. Plus is the size of the business 
is very big. The government is looking into digital transformation for the drop. But definitely, trade 
receivables in government are not that encouraging.  
So that's where I would say that the government is an opportunity in terms of creation, and 
government is also, I would say, a risk free business in a way. But the challenge is collecting at 
time, which, of course, is something which is important to take care of. So, in our private sector 
space, actually, we have already aligned, I would say, all our businesses are connected from 
government but delivered through private sectors.  
Like our current TDR system basically is a B2B kind of a business, but, of course, connected 
through government because TDR is approved, generated by the government, utilized through the 
permitting applications to the government. But it is actually a trading community for the business 
communities, mostly like, either a plot owners who have actually been acquired or a business 
house, like builders and real estate developers. So that is one thing.  

 
16 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Second thing is our CivitBUILD as a construction enterprise solution has got a very good 
significant impacts because, as you know, like construction industry earlier was relatively less 
techno-savvy. But in last two, three years, this is something where there is a path-breaking 
opportunity of digitalization and digital transformation in this vertical.  
Significant GDP revenue create a construction industry is now looking forward to the digital 
transformation and so is our aligned thought of CivitBUILD and, CivitMetaverse, CivitTwin for 
that matter for permitting. It's something of TDR. These are the solutions which we are making 
for construction enterprises, for the real estate developers, and also looking forward to the 
production units who are creating construction materials and construction equipment. So basically, 
that's where our alignment is towards entire construction ecosystem. Certainly, B2B is something 
where we are looking forward to good potentials in the subsequent years. As far as excess liabilities 
is concerned, where you had mentioned about intangibles, see, we are a product company. We 
have generated crores of rupees as a revenue or maybe some thousands in terms of revenue by way 
of delivering our products.  
And when we keep thinking about innovations, when we keep thinking about the products, they 
are going to generate revenues in subsequent years. For example, our TDR work actually has been 
a work of about 1.5 years of research, which we have done in last years. And this is something 
which has started yielding results now. And we keep improving products. We keep enhancing the 
products portfolios. And that's where we have a very strong amortization schemes, of course, like 
basically once the product is capitalized, we depreciate amortizing within three years or four years 
kind of period. But yes, intangibles are actually a part of those technology innovations which we 
keep doing, enhancing our product portfolios.  
Trade receivables, though, of course, as we said, we move more and more towards quality revenues 
through transaction based model or recurring revenues based model, it will keep going down. And 
this is what is the trend we have been seeing in last three years. It is improving in that sense. But 
yes, this is certainly a challenge in the government along with a huge opportunity landscape. The 
revenue growth will come from a targeted growth of about INR 300 crores, which we are targeting 
in next three years, is something where most of the revenues will come from, basically India and 
overseas business, especially overseas. German market is something where we are definitely 
tagging onto.  
And also, like, huge opportunities in terms of digital transformations from the governments here. 
We have started getting tractions from Middle East. So I would say, we are targeting that we move 
about, 50% revenues from India and maybe slowly we keep increasing our segments of overseas 
market in next three years. So, INR 300 crores is definitely an achievable target.  
Nikhil Chandak: So, the revenue target is top line of INR 300 crores by what FY29?  
Vijay Gupta: Yes, three years.  

 
17 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Nikhil Chandak: Okay. And what should one think about EBITDA margins once you scaled up 
at that revenue line of INR 300 crores?  
Vijay Gupta: So EBITDA on the conservative side, I would say we will always keep maintaining 
between 28-30%. But it can go up also depending upon the margins which we get on the overseas 
segment and also the margins which we can get from our TDR initiatives. Actually, they are very 
high. But we are projecting to the level where we think we are confident of continuing with the 
margins here.  
Nikhil Chandak: Understood. Just one last question, if I can. So how large is your business 
development team and the software development team? Like, if I can understand?  
Vijay Gupta: We are a total team of about 550 people. And out of which like the research, 
development, implementation of this all includes about 70% more than that. And then business 
development team is about 25, 30 people.  
Nikhil Chandak: Okay. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Ms. Nehal Shah, 
an Indian investor. Please go ahead, ma’am. Ms. Nehal Shah, please go ahead with your question. 
There is no response from Ms. Nehal Shah, ma'am.  
We're taking the next question from Mr. Ankur Gulati from Genuity Capital. Please go ahead, sir.  
Ankur Gulati: With this TDR, if you can help with the revenue model, is there a fee paid to 
SoftTech on the transaction volume or is it a fixed fee to --  
Vijay Gupta: No. This is purely a transaction model. This is we get 0.5% of the transactions made 
on TDR exchange. 
Ankur Gulati: On each transaction?  
Vijay Gupta: Yes. For each transactions, yes. 
Ankur Gulati: And now this is mandatory for any TDR transaction in Bombay?  
Vijay Gupta: Yes. It is made mandatory from 10th of May.  
Ankur Gulati: Within Bombay, is it BMC, the other municipalities or all three municipalities? 
Vijay Gupta: This is currently at BMC, but we are working with multiple other municipalities in 
Mumbai and MMRD zones.  
Ankur Gulati: So if you can just again, sorry, help me. Let's say, in FY26, what was the value of 
total TDR transactions in BMC? 
Vijay Gupta: This was about INR 8,000 crores.  

 
18 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Ankur Gulati: So if the same volume continues, then INR 40 crores revenue? 
Vijay Gupta: Yes. 
Ankur Gulati: And what is the margin on this one? I guess, 70-80% because there is no cost, 
right? 
Vijay Gupta: I would not say there's no cost. The cost is of data center, then cost of application 
maintenance and cost of integrations and continuous upgradations of this and support also to some 
extent. But, yes, you are right that the margins will be significantly high here. It could be touching 
about between 70-80%.  
Ankur Gulati: And sir, this INR 8,000 crore is BMC or all three municipalities?  
Vijay Gupta: INR 8,000 crore is entire BMC area.  
Ankur Gulati: So MRDA and Navi Mumbai and Brahman Mumbai is still outside, that's 
additional?  
Vijay Gupta: Yes. MMRDA, MSRDC, Navi Mumbai, Vasai-Virar, Thane, they are all other than 
this.  
Ankur Gulati: Okay. Second, sir, on the airport authority again, is this one-time license, or is it 
some sort of a SaaS model that you've been trying to increase?  
Vijay Gupta: No. Airport authority is one-time license, but we look forward to multiple 
enhancements of this project itself plus enhancing the project to the next level is like digital training 
and all.  
Ankur Gulati: So out of the INR 17 crores, how much of revenue is booked in FY26, if at all? 
Vijay Gupta: FY26-27. Deepak, can you answer this, please, number-wise?  
Deepak Bang: Correct me if my understanding is correct. You are asking that out of this orders 
in hand, how much revenue we are going to convert into this financial year, right? 
Ankur Gulati: No, Deepak ji, the airport authority order that we have received, when is it going 
to get recognized, INR 17 crores I am assuming is a one time installation fees  
Deepak Bang: Yeah. So out of that, airport authorities order, I think, 40% we already recognized.  
Ankur Gulati: In FY26? 
Deepak Bang: Yeah. In FY26.  
Ankur Gulati: In March 26. And the remaining 60% is AMC over whatever five, six, seven years.  
Deepak Bang: Yeah. So it will be in the next, I think, three years.  

 
19 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Ankur Gulati: Okay. And Vijay, sir, if you can give more colour on all the efforts which you've 
been putting in Europe and U.S., so any updates on that side?  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. So I already described on the question of this. Like, Germany is something 
where we are actually very passionately working on, and we are definitely looking forward to good 
news in maybe Q3 of this year and Q4 of this year. And U.S., we have started taking smaller, 
smaller orders continuously, but we look forward to bigger chunks as well. So there are definitely 
tractions, and you can see that consolidated results are not getting that our targets here. So that's 
where we can see better tractions coming from subsidies now. And we look forward to improving 
it significantly in the next three, four quarters. 
Ankur Gulati: So just going back to the TDR part, and sorry, this is the last question if I may ask 
operator to hold on. INR 130-odd crore revenue in FY26. So INR 40 CR of TDR at least comes in 
that takes us to INR 170, is that fair? Is the last INR 8,000 crore TDR?  
Vijay Gupta: No. We have considered a revenue percentage. I'm not able to give you a check 
number how much, but INR 130 we have done in FY26, and we are expecting a growth rate of 25-
27% in this year. And for the TDR business, the amount we consider -- 
Deepak Bang: Yes.  
Vijay Gupta: Yes, go ahead, Deepak, sorry.  
Deepak Bang: So we cannot, give you the correct numbers, but yes, we considered from the TDR 
business as well in this figures.  
Ankur Gulati: Deepak bhai, INR 133 is last year, 25% of that is INR 34 crores, right? The TDR 
alone can be higher than that. So that's what I'm trying to understand that, is the entire growth 
coming from TDR and or what is the other business going to grow like? 
Vijay Gupta: Well, this is a combination and growth of TDR also. In the first year will not be 
entire, you can consider, with the entire may not be something because a lot of transactions have 
already happened. This will be used in this year. So when you are computing it to INR 40 crores, 
etc., I don't think, we can get the entire revenue in FY26-27. So there will be some numbers which 
are taken from TDR in FY26-27, but there will be a growth on existing business as it is.  
We have, of course, in that sense, kind of relatively pessimistic number. We may cross this as well. 
But, yeah, this is kind of, we are targeting a normal growth of 20% into all ongoing businesses. 
We are targeting that there'll be some enhancements significantly in TDR. We are targeting some 
significant introductions at least kind of orders into German market in this year. And U.S. and 
Middle East will also add some targets.  
Ankur Gulati: All right, sir. All the best, sir. Good to see all the efforts coming to fruition. All 
the best. Thanks. 

 
20 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Vijay Gupta: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Nikhil Gupta 
from Vaayu Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Nikhil Gupta: Thank you for the opportunity. So Vijay ji, my first question is more in terms of 
our defensibility of product in terms of how AI is moving very fast, right? So the question is broad 
to all select products, but let's for simplicity, let's assume permit business, right? 
So mainly, government is our customer here, right? So in terms of how AI is moving very fast, it's 
very easy to just replicate and build on the top of our existing technology and what are the 
additional enhancement features we want to do. So how would you think the defensibility or moat 
we have apart from just the software or other features we have. So can you give us two, three, 
moats or other features which are very difficult to replicate in this business?  
Vijay Gupta: Yeah. So, basically, first of all, difficult or easy is one thing, but something is the 
datasets which we have is right now, kind of a gold mine for us. We have been working with the 
governments for the last 15 years, a lot of permits data sets available. And we are going to adopt 
AI anywhere significantly as we have already launched our CivitTwin as AI platform, leveraging 
12 agents giving permits. And this can be, kind of addressed very quickly by leveraging our data 
mine, which we have, which actually would be difficult for any other competitors to get in.  
But, of course, you can create a very quick application using cloud or using other applications of 
AI. But bringing that into the real environment in enterprise frameworks would need a lot of data, 
which actually is there with us, and we want to leverage that significantly. So in next few years, I 
think enhancement of our products will be significantly towards AI as significantly leveraging 
agentic AI and much beyond agentic AI where we can create, like, kind of a proactive support 
guidelines using AI. We can create proactive process-driven through AI using digital training to 
simulate the entire practical ground situations onto the digital platform using AI. And all of that is 
something where we are announcing and through our CivitPlatform.  
That is something we are doing anyway as a research. Now of course, you can say that there may 
be some competitions who can come faster. But looking at the kind of deep penetrations in the 
enterprises and all, the challenges are much more for them to get in. And that's a good barrier, 
which we think is, available for SoftTech to keep at pace. And, of course, like our R&D will 
continue driving towards adopting the better and better technologies for better and better services 
in the governance and the construction spaces.  
Nikhil Gupta: Yeah, makes sense. So it is fair to assume that you mentioned you will adopt 
technology more going forward as well. So is it fair to assume that the 550-odd people we have, 
this is maybe the peak? And since we will use technology more and maybe the team strength will 
not grow that much because in the technology landscape, if you really think, the Anthropic has 

 
21 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
just 2,000, 2,500 people, and there are trillion-dollar market cap. So my question is just on that 
basis. What do you think in terms of your team strength?  
Vijay Gupta: Yes. So this is possible, and this is what we are trying also. It is not that we will 
reduce people at this moment, but we can have more growth with the same set of people or aligned 
to same numbers of people. Could be a little more inductions may be needed in terms of people 
from outside for expertise areas. Like, say, when we are getting into metaverse space, we need 
experts from metaverse besides AI experts and all. So there will be some alignments of new 
recruitments, etc. But, yes, you are right that the percentage growth versus percentage number of 
people is not required to be that much.  
Nikhil Gupta: Okay. The last question from my side, is on the digital twin side. So the data 
collection part, in this segment, so are we outsourcing that particular part, or we are deploying our 
own sensors, own drones, or other products to capture the data?   
Vijay Gupta: No, we are partnering with the people. Like, we are partnering with the companies 
who are actually providing, putting sensors, etc. Our platform will get the data from those sensors. 
So what we are doing is we are creating a platform where IoT framework will capture the data, but 
the network and putting sensors on the site or putting controllers onto the site will be a partners, 
basically. Or I would say, it wouldn’t be a part of some other assignment given by the governments.  
Nikhil Gupta: I see. Thank you so much. Best of luck.  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Snehal Shah, an 
individual investor. Please go ahead, ma’am.  
Snehal Shah: Hello. Am I audible? 
Vijay Gupta: Yes, Nehal. Good morning. 
Snehal Shah: Yes. How are you, Vijay ji? 
Vijay Gupta: Very good, sir. Thank you. 
Snehal Shah: Sir, it looks like that after many years of famine, there has been a double shift for 
us investors, for that Congrats Sir. 
Vijay Gupta: Thank you, sir, your support has also been continuous. This is something which is 
Snehal Shah: I wanted to ask on this thing that basically, which sort of company would we 
benchmark ourselves internationally? Because in India, I can’t think of, any company which is sort 
of comparable to what we are doing. We want to see what is the potential of SoftTech over the 
next five, ten, fifteen years. What sort of company can we look at?  

 
22 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Vijay Gupta: See we would say, like say, if you look at Procore as a company in international 
market. This is something, they are providing solutions for construction management in U.S. And 
this could be something where we can say is kind of, to watch about and to learn from or to mentor 
us in terms of growth. From the technology perspective, I would say we are very closely watching 
companies like Autodesk where we definitely leverage their technology.  
But at the same time, they are our guiding principles also in terms of how they are addressing the 
architectural engineering construction and operations domain. So the way they are matching their 
design and make platform for making it work in the AC vertical, we parallelly work on bringing 
them onto the ground, aligning their technology to our customers the way our customers want it. 
So this is something where we can see that how AC vertical is moving towards, how they're 
adopting AI as a technology or multiple others. So Autodesk, Nemetschek from Germany, they 
are something which are our guiding principal companies, and Procore is something in the 
construction management process.  
Snehal Shah: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Praneeth from 
SG Investments. Please go ahead, sir.  
Praneeth: Hey, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So I'd like to start off by understanding the 
overall customer churn rate so far. I understand that we onboard a lot of new customers also in the 
past. I just want to understand, have we ever lost any customer, and how was the overall churn rate 
right now and in the past?  
Vijay Gupta: As far as, like, of course, this is RFP business, so at some point of time, we definitely 
lose. But most of our RFPs or most of where we say a pipeline, we work very consciously on 
having an opportunity to win. And when I say this, because we get engaged with the customer 
before RFP is published. We tell them the values, and we work on specific opportunities only 
rather than going with all different types of RFPs. So, yes, the answer to this would be yes. We 
have lost some in the past, but most of the opportunities where we work, we are always kind of 
winner in that, good percentage of winning propositions.  
Praneeth: Sir, could you quantify the percentage on what is the exact churn? And you mentioned 
already that we keep losing time-to-end basis, right? So what is the exact churn in terms of us 
losing customers? Could you give a number? 
Vijay Gupta: It's difficult to give percentage. But normally, like, if I give a guideline, it could be 
about 70% winning and 30%, sometimes losing because of cost or something. Mostly, we lose 
only if it is a cost parameter which comes in.  
Praneeth: Understood, sir. All the customers probably we've lost is because of someone else 
underbidding us.  

 
23 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Vijay Gupta: Underbidding, yes.  
Praneeth: Understood, sir. So one more question I wanted to understand in terms of our RIB 
partner, like, let's say, German partner. We have partnered with them in terms of some or other 
form, like, since 2019. I wanted to understand what happened with the partnership over the last 
six, seven years. So we've been talking about Germany being a huge opportunity for the longest 
time. I wonder what happened over the last seven years that we are expecting it has finally turned 
now.  
Vijay Gupta: Okay. So, RIB actually is a company which was founded by Thomas Wolf, and he 
is a German. He's a very veteran, like, kind of, I would say, in the construction vertical digital 
transformation. He as a Chairman of RIB, invested into SoftTech as a convertible debentures, I 
would say. And we opted not to convert them because of, maybe at that time, we thought the 
valuations would be higher.  
So we opted to buy them back while we are returning the debentures, and that option we had also. 
So, I mean, after they invested as debentures, we took them out, and then we paid the money back. 
By that time, actually, RIB was acquired by Schneider in USD 2.5 billion. And Tom came out and 
he started his own family fund, quite two family fund.  
And that's where he decided, looking at the kind of potential with SoftTech could generate for him 
in Germany and for, of course, SoftTech's technology already evaluated by him as the Chairman 
of RIB. He decided to invest into, SoftTech through his family fund, and that's how it is right now. 
And we are working very closely with them for the German market now. And we are very 
optimistic about nurturing that business along with associated experience with Tom Wolf brings 
in the construction vertical there. Hope it answers your question.  
Praneeth: I want a little more new answer in terms of understanding a working relationship. So 
you mentioned that there was a previous let's say, debenture form, was it only financial, or was it 
also operational in terms of expanding other geographies?  
Vijay Gupta: No. That was purely a financial. So the convertible debentures was only a financial, 
and there was no other relationship. But except for, of course, we were thinking about connecting 
it to their RIB platform. But the things got changed because RIB was acquired by Schneider. So 
we did not connect our platforms to them for permitting. And the idea was we will actually connect 
our CivitPLATFORM of permitting with RIB as a platform. But since this got changed after 
Schneider acquired, that there was no other relationship as far as commercials are concerned as for 
investments from them.  
Praneeth: Got it, sir. So in terms of operation, that's a relationship that we already established 
right now. So how did it exactly build-up? So do we have a sales team along with them in 
Germany? Or what is the exact relationship between, let's say, Tom and us? And how are we 

 
24 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
exactly expanding? Like, would it be -- I understand it usually will be permitting. Could you 
explain the landscape of how exactly you'll be entering the market and growing there?  
Vijay Gupta: So we have created a subsidiary, and we have recruited a German sales leader. And 
we are in the process of recruiting more people there. Of course, the responsibility of creating 
business will be along with this team only, which is actually a 100% subsidiary of SoftTech 
Engineers Limited there. But the kind of network, kind of guidance, kind of team support in terms 
of approaching to the clients, etc., arranging seminars and also a very important aspect of culture 
of Germany with the language, etc., that all benefits we get through him as our – well-wisher an 
associate partner in terms of establishing business over there.  
Praneeth: So the acquisition, let's say, we made with Ms. Sandy Moser, was it the sales executive? 
Vijay Gupta: Sandy is basically a person there, which was actually holding a company because 
instead of creating a new company, we just bought that company to incorporate our 100% 
subsidiary.  
Praneeth: Got it, sir. So in Germany, what are the tentative, let's say, revenues? And how exactly 
are we entering this market? Probably –  
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt need to you, Praneeth sir. We would request you to join back the 
queue, sir, for more questions.  
Praneeth: Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: So, we have one final question from Ms. Deeya Jain from Sapphire Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Deeya Jain: Hi, sir. Am I audible?  
Vijay Gupta: Yes, please. Good afternoon. 
Deeya Jain: Good morning. So can you share the revenue mix that we are expecting for FY27? 
Vijay Gupta: Revenue mix from the geography perspective or from the product's perspective? 
Deeya Jain: From the products. 
Vijay Gupta: Okay. So, yeah, Deepak, can you highlight that on predictions?  
Deepak Bang: Okay. So for FY27, the revenue mix would be our flagship product, CivitPERMIT, 
would be higher side. So this year, CivitPERMIT was 50% of our total revenue, and we expect the 
same percentage in next FY27 as well. Maybe it would increase from that because there are few 
more projects which are going live in this financial year and those are transaction based. So that 
increase the revenue of CivitPERMIT. Then the second one would be CivitINFRA, which is 25% 
this financial year and we hope that it will be at same level or maybe slightly reduced in next 

 
25 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
financial year. And the remaining would be where our rule buddy, our CivitBUILD product, our 
services like BIM, GIS services. Those will be taken care between 15-20%.  
Vijay Gupta: And in this, basically, we have to realign our business plans after TDR success here. 
So, basically, I would say our major success and alignments will be towards CivitPERMIT, 
CivitINFRA, and CivitSUSTAIN in the government side, CivitBUILD, and TDR, and now 
CivitTWIN from the private sector's perspective.  
Deeya Jain: Okay, sir. And we are targeting 25-27% growth rate for FY27, right? 
Vijay Gupta: Right.  
Deeya Jain: Can we expect higher EBITDA margin this year?  
Vijay Gupta: We would like to keep it as much as we can. But yes, I mean, from the target 
perspective, we are very conservative in terms of saying that at least this percentage will continue. 
But as you said, like, if the transactions in TDR increases, the EBITDA margin in TDR is quite 
high, and that is very exciting numbers, which we can see here.  
Deeya Jain: Okay, sir. Thank you and all the best.  
Vijay Gupta: Thank you.  
Moderator: In the interest of time, that will be the last question for the day. Now, I hand over the 
floor to the management for the closing comments.  
Vijay Gupta: Thank you very much. And I would like to really thank you everybody for joining 
this call today, and your continued interest into SoftTech Engineers Limited. We assure you we 
will remain committed towards delivering the best possible technologies for this vertical, what we 
call as architectural engineering and construction vertical.  
And we remain highly excited in terms of opportunities, landscape, which we have been seeing 
from all across, from the government side, from the private side in terms of transformations where 
the construction industry is looking forward. And we are committed to creating a long-term value 
for all of our stakeholders and, promise to give our best possible towards this endeavor.  
We look forward to keep interacting with you again and again because the interactions, your 
questions, will make us better and better in terms of correcting wherever we need, and we will 
keep updating you on to all the progresses forward, in every quarters. Have a great day, and thank 
you very much again for you all to join this call. I hand over to you, Priya, if you want to. 
Otherwise, we close the call. Thank you very much.  
 

 
26 
SoftTech Engineers Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
02.06.2026 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for 
today. On behalf of Go India Advisors, we thank you for your participation and for using Door 
Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you. Have a pleasant 
day.  
Vijay Gupta: Thank you, Akash. Thank you, everybody. Bye.  
Abhi Shah: Thank you, Akash. Bye.  
Moderator: Thank you, sir.  
 
