 
 
Craftsman Automation Limited 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 
Corporate Office: 
  
 
123/4, Sangothipalayam Road,  
No.1087, 4th & 5th Floor, Krishna Towers, 
 Tel + 91 422 71 610 00 
 
Arasur Post, Coimbatore – 641 407  
Avinashi Road, Coimbatore - 641037 
fax + 91 422 71 612 34 
 
Tamil Nadu, India 
Tamil Nadu, India 
info@craftsmanautomation.com 
          CIN NO:    L28991TZ1986PLCO01816 
 
 
www.craftsmanautomation.com 
          GST NO:                33AABCC2461K1ZW 
 
13th May, 2026 
 
To 
 
The Manager - Listing,  
The Manager - Listing, 
BSE Limited,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Rotunda Building, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Bandra Kurla Complex ,  
Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 001 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543276 
Stock Code: CRAFTSMAN  
   
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter and financial year 
ended 31st March, 2026; 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and our intimation and 
outcome letter dated 27th April, 2026 and 8th May, 2026 respectively, we are enclosing 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call organized on Friday, the 8th May, 
2026 at 4.00 P.M. (IST) on the Audited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) 
for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call will be uploaded on the website of the 
Company at www.craftsmanautomation.com.   
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the 
same on your respective websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
for CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED  
 
 
 
Shainshad Aduvanni  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
Shainshad 
Aduvanni
Digitally signed by 
Shainshad Aduvanni 
Date: 2026.05.13 
15:09:54 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
CRAFTSMAN AUTOMATION LIMITED 
 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 8th May, 2026  
for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 2026 
 
This document might contain forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks, 
uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those 
in the forward-looking statements. We do not intend or assume any obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement, which speaks only as of the date on which it is made. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Earnings Conference 
Call of Craftsman Automation Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during this 
conference, please signal an operator by pressing star followed by zero on 
your touchtone telephone. 
 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Craftsman Automation Limited. Thank you, and over to 
you, Mr. Ravi. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for joining the earnings 
call. We have uploaded the presentation. I hope all of you had a chance to 
have a look at it. So straight away, we can start with the Q&A. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Please note that some of the statements made during this earnings 
conference call may constitute forward-looking statements, which are subject 
to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. 
 
 
We encourage you to refer to the disclaimer section in the company's investor 
presentation. Further, the management will not be addressing any customer-
specific queries due to confidentiality obligations. Participants are requested to 
avoid mentioning customer names while asking questions. 
 
 
We have a question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir. Can you talk about a little bit on the alloy wheel project on the 
expansion side that we had? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The exit rate of the alloy wheel, approximately it is around volume-wise 
annualized when you look at it on the March. It is equal to around 3 million alloy 
wheels is the exit rate for the month of March. We have been ramping up in 
steps at Bhiwadi as well as in Shoolagiri. We have done at a volume which is 
at a run rate equal to close to 3 million wheels for the month of March for the 
annualized time, say. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
The project would have started in quarter 4, right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Quarter 4 or quarter 3 for Shoolagiri. But Bhiwadi is in operational, the phase 
1 is operational for the full year. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And how about the Hosur one? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Hosur one we started in Q3, and we are still ramping up. Yeah, both plants we 
are still ramping up. The exit run rate has been to the tune of annualized March 
number when we annualize, it is equal to around 3 million (nos). 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. In the aluminium die casting side of the business, the acquisition of 
Sunbeam, where are we in terms of the capturing of margins via the shift and 
what is the progress there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We are just lacking behind on the margin-wise with a single, still at single-digit 
for various reasons. We are on the right track that we are exiting customers 
where it's not profitable, exiting subsegments of the business with same 
customers where it's not profitable totally or even selling one portion of the low-
value business which is around INR30 crore per year. We have sold that line 
of equipment and business which we had disclosed to the stock exchange. 
 
The customers who are exiting also need some time to find other suppliers. 
These are non-profitable businesses and unviable going forward. The 
restructuring is on, so we are on the right track. From Q2 onwards on the 
current year, we will see some traction. The reduction of manpower, the 
reduction of products, reduction of customers and revisiting everything and 
also resetting the prices which are legacy prices, legacy products. 
 
 
And also, on the aluminum price reset or the aluminum price pass-through, we 
have been very clear with the customers. Where aluminum price pass-through 
is not there, then we are declining to supply. All these are in action as far as 
Sunbeam is concerned. Not only in Sunbeam, across the other aluminum 
plants also, which is, it is slightly common. We will see the results coming into 
Q2 from Sunbeam. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. My last question is on the growth rate overall. How should we see FY 
'27 to be looking like on the revenue growth side? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
As I mentioned last time itself, we for the first time we had given some guidance 
because of so many changes in the business, so many plants coming in and 
also subsidiaries. I will just give you a rough indication. It is truly double digit, 
most probably, in the mid-teens, I would say. That is what is the expectation 
for the growth. When we say mid-teens, we also have to assume that the 
aluminum prices are around the level what it's currently. 
 
 
If there's any change in aluminum prices, there can be some commodity price 
impact which will either inflate or deflate the top line. I say that we are still on 
the growth path. That is very clear. New projects are kicking in across all the 
divisions, I would say, whether it's powertrain or aluminum or, I mean, also 
industrial engineering segment. The momentum of growth is reasonably, we 
are well-placed, I would say. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh from Ksema Wealth. 
 
Vignesh: 
Sir, I just want to understand, are you having any plans to scale up any 
particular segment over a medium term for the next 3 to 4 years apart from the 
powertrain segment? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Powertrain is scaling up. Also, the stationary engine side is the order book is 
for the first $100 million is finalized and is with us. So as slated earlier -- as 
stated earlier, I would say, we will be able to reach that $100 million sort of 
revenue in '29, '30. So, it is on track. The second phase, the order intake of the 
inquiry momentum is pretty strong. So, we may go for Phase 2 expansion there 
also further beyond that $100 million revenue. 
 
 
You are aware that the data center market or AI is booming all over the world. 
And post the Iran crisis, there is more focus on the Pacific region for installing 
data centers. This is giving some more advantage to manufacturing in India in 
some sense for them. Capacity-wise, almost everybody is full. That is the 
another positive point. 
 
 
Coming to the general powertrain, the other projects of multinational 
companies setting up plants here and ramping up, that is also work in progress. 
We are seeing that. The domestic business farm sector has been doing better. 
Truck segment is somewhat muted, I would say, in general. 
 
 
So, the other business about the export of some truck engine blocks to outside 
India, which we said will be discontinued, but that is going to continue. That is 
the good news. On the powertrain, we are stable, and we are growing. I think 
we can expect a double-digit growth. 
 
 
On the aluminum side, we are present from 2-wheeler to 4-wheeler to also 
industrial aluminum, some portion is there. Frankly speaking, we are focusing 
on value-added products like casting and machining. We are not interested 
really to do only the casting portion. Wherever we are doing a little, I think, we 
are in negotiation with customer. 
 
 
Either we convert it to with machining or we have to find new customers with 
higher value addition because aluminum per se, the commodity prices are 
going up, energy prices are going up, labor cost is going up, and also all 
consumables are going up. The margins on basic raw casting is not going to 
be viable. 
 
 
At Craftsman, we don't have that business model. 95% is machined. In DR 
Axion, it is critical casting, so it is still okay for some basic machining. For 
Sunbeam, it is not okay because it is not so complicated parts, but at the same 
time, most cases machining is not there. Not most cases, at least the domestic 
portion machining is not there. There will be some tough decisions to take in 
the coming quarters on the improvement in value addition. 
 
 
To answer your question, we don't really worry about which is the customer. 
We are getting inquiries for 4-wheelers for export market. Both Europe and 
North America, we are increasing, and there is more increasing inquiry trend, 
at least. This means, the potential for growth in the export segment is quite 
high. We are picky in choosing the business which is viable and sustainable 
over a longer period of time. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Our stated ambition on the aluminium business, in the last year, I think I had 
mentioned a couple of times at least during the earnings call, that the first leg 
or first phase will be to touch $1 billion on the aluminium business. For that, we 
are also increasing the focus by merging the entities of the business model, 
which we have also put-up disclosures in the stock exchange. The aluminium 
business is on a growth track. 
 
 
On the industrial engineering, yes, it is a smaller portion of the business, but 
that is also the backbone for our powertrain and aluminium business. There 
also we see good traction going forward. 
 
Vignesh: 
That was helpful, sir. Thanks for detailed answer. Just one question, sir. On 
the second phase of the powertrain segment. When are we planning to start 
and commission and the revenues we can see here for the second phase? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think we should take a decision by September based on the order input. Now 
the orders what we have already agreed to take or taken or order received, I 
would say, is completing the capacity for Phase 1, both at the foundry site as 
well as at the machining site. At the foundry site, it is modular and it is only 
incremental investments required to go to the next phase. On the machining 
side, it might not be just incremental, it's slightly more than incremental. We 
are preparing for that today. 
 
 
The lead times are quite high. One good thing is we had our investment done 
at starting from 2021 onwards itself in small steps. In 2023, 2024, we had made 
disclosures, in 2024 even a public disclosure regarding this business. I think 
this gestation period is quite long. That is the reason our foundation in this 
business is pretty strong, and we are able to capture the orders or the growth 
which is coming in a hurry now. 
 
 
Even the next set of orders, we'll be able to have a step up incremental 
investment where all the building blocks are there to go up. But all the decisions 
will be taken on basically after reconsidering or looking at the order position in 
September. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Senthilkumar from Joindre Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Senthilkumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just want to know if there are any new business 
opening for our industrial engineering racks in data center business? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Data center per se, yes, there is a possibility, but it'll be more going into 
aluminum side for certain reasons. I understand that requirement is also using 
some extrusions and things like that. So far, we have given racks for the 
manufacturing sector, where for the automotive, where they are storing the 
batteries because it has to be very safe for fireproof and things like that. We 
have made supplied ASRS systems and vertical lift modules for these 
divisions. 
 
 
 
The scale which our Asian neighbouring country has done, I think there they're 
using a lot of storage. There is a lot of discussion happening for 2 of the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
projects coming in for battery manufacturing. Yes, something may come up. It 
may be awarded to multinationals, but I think there is an opportunity, but it not 
be in the scale of what has happened in our neighboring country, China. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. 
 
Joseph George: 
I have two questions, sir. One is in relation to the powertrain segment margins. 
We saw a good spike this quarter. Is it attributable to scale benefits, and will it 
sustain? One. In relation to that, you mentioned that, you know, overheads, 
labor, etcetera, are going up. This question pertains to, you know, all the 
segments. How easy will it be to pass on all these overheads, you know, 
energy costs, maybe labor, etcetera, to the customers in the given context? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On the powertrain segment, I think we have grown only a small portion last 
year. It's not the scale benefit which has really played out in the last year. I 
would say that the repair and maintenance which went on for almost 4, 5 
quarters, which was depressing the EBIT margins, was the main -- EBITDA 
margins were the main reason for that change. 
 
 
Whatever the -- some of the manpower reduction, by some automation or 
better methods, that has also paid off in general. I would say the new products, 
which at the newer prices, which some of them have come into production, has 
helped also the -- to average the legacy prices. That is --, the scale has still not 
built up in the powertrain as we expected. It is likely to have a meaningful 
advantage in the coming years, I would say. 
 
 
I would draw one attention here. The amount of capex which has gone into 
powertrain and subsequently also in aluminum, the capex powertrain is very 
difficult to replicate because of the today's cost scenario. You had mentioned 
the operating cost. I will now talk about capital costs. 
 
 
Capital cost, some of it is real estate like land and building, which everybody 
knows how much it has gone up. But I also say the equipment which was 
costing, say, $100,000 may have gone up to $110,000 or $115,000 over the 
period last 20 years with better features. 
 
 
Maybe the better features or better productivity might have improved, offset 
the increased cost of the -- in dollar terms, maybe from $100,000 to maybe 
$110,000 or $120,000. What is the most challenging is the dollar when we look 
at a period of almost 15, 20 years, it is almost doubled. In 20 years, it's almost 
doubled, right, totally on this. 
 
 
The capex cost for anybody entering this business is very, very, very large, 
totally. Here we are using a mixture of our own equipment manufacturing for 
the special purpose machines, and very, very prudently we are adjusting the 
requirements to still be competitive and get more orders. 
 
 
The new orders are coming at new prices. There are legacy issues which we 
need to address on all the consumables, like power, the cutting oil, which is 
petroleum-based, the tools which are carbide based, which is imported from 
China, which has increased multiple-fold in the last time. Of course, the labor, 
which is -- labor cost is the beginning of the journey, I would say. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
We are less than $1 on the contract labor. Of course, we don't employ a lot of 
contract labor, but it is less than $1 per hour. This is going to significantly 
improve to double or triple in the coming years. What we have done is in the 
last many years, we have never cut back on capex. 
 
 
That is shown in our depreciation being very, very high. That is helping us to 
mitigate some of the labor cost increases, and the Labor Code really is not 
affecting us in a meaningful way in total. More so, whatever equipment we have 
invested in the last few years require less and less labor going forward. We 
can afford to retain the quality labor, I would say, in some sense. 
 
 
Coming to the aluminum commodity price for the aluminum business, and also 
across all plants regarding the power and fuel, mainly power and fuel is more 
specific for the aluminum business. The legacy products from at least the one 
of the acquisitions we made in the last, is suffering very badly because of the 
15-year-old, 10-year-old legacy products and some of the minuscule 
customers. 
 
 
The minuscule customers we are exiting. The legacy products, we are resetting 
the prices or we are exiting or we are relocating that capacity to other profitable 
customers. That is on already. That is the way we need to look at it because 
what costed something 10 years ago, the component price on the gross margin 
cannot remain the same today, in today's context of prices. Yes, there should 
be not a price increase, but a reset of the prices, I would say, because price 
increase means it is a small percentage, but now on, I mean, value addition 
portion, it has to be a reset. 
 
Joseph George: 
Understood, sir. Sir, the second aspect I wanted to discuss was on cash flows. 
When I look at your cash flow statement, in FY 2025 there was a negative 
working capital impact of about INR400 crores, and FY 2026 there's another 
INR600 crores. I want to understand how to think about this. Is it because of, 
you know, one-time reduction in payables which will reverse in coming years? 
Or is this the level at which the working capital days will, you know, stay from 
here on? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think the plants which are suppose the aluminum business was ramping up 
in the last few years. Earlier it was mainly powertrain driven, so that means 
suddenly there was a spike in the working capital requirement and now 
rationalization has happened. I think the payment cycles are also set in. I think 
it is the same way going forward. I don't think there is any big change. 
 
Joseph George: 
Okay. Sir, last thing was on capex. What is your expectation of capex for, say, 
FY 2027, 2028? As a result, how will, you know, the debt reduction, etcetera, 
move? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
On FY 2027 itself, we are not very clear about the capex as today because we 
have taken some interim requirements. But September we have to decide on 
the capex even for FY 2027. FY 2028 depends on the performance of FY 2027. 
We are continuously monitoring the net debt to EBITDA as the monitor to bring 
it down. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
That is how we look at it. Today, we are more concerned about the absolute 
payout on the cash flow for the manpower related costs. It may be workers, it 
may be staff, it may be anything related to services outside also. This is the 
inflationary manner. We don't mind some investment to offset that increased 
cost. 
 
Joseph George: 
Okay. Should we think of, you know, capex similar to, say, last year, INR1,000 
crore-INR1,100 crore for this year? I know you mentioned that you have to 
reset it in September. But as of now, is that a good number to work with? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
See, when we speak, the dollar has become 95. We do not know whether the 
dollar is going to go somewhere else. We do not know whether we are going 
to get medium gestation projects or quick product projects, I would say. When 
there is a quick project, then the capex hits us immediately. Otherwise, it may 
be postponed by a year or two. We will take it in steps going forward. 
 
 
As I mentioned that, net debt to EBITDA will continuously start falling down 
because the heavyweight lifting has been done. To proportionate to the gross 
block today, if you look at it, and the gross block is also a little deceptive 
because the bulk of the investment has been done many years ago, and that 
was done at a lower capex cost. 
 
 
Today, when DR Axion wanted to go for another plant, just for the greenfield, 
land acquisition itself on public disclosure, you know, it is in the region of 
around, INR150 crores. Around INR150 crores, just the land which is adjacent 
to the SIPCOT area. We paid less than the SIPCOT area, it is -- the capex 
which is required. At the current civil construction, when you are looking at it, 
it's high. 
 
 
So, the cost of doing business or cost of expansion is disproportionately high 
on this matter. In spite of that, our ROCE on a consolidated basis has been 
16%. We can track net debt to EBITDA and ROCE more rather than the debt 
portion. As Craftsman, we look at more the outflow towards manpower costs, 
which is I think the for us which is causing sleepless nights, not the debt portion. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Just wanted to know a couple of things. One is on the capacity utilization. If 
you can just throw some light on powertrain and then aluminum, all the three 
different units. At what capacity are they being utilized? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Powertrain, we are still at around 65%, 70% because there are some pockets 
and segments where the customers are not doing well. But I think 85% will be 
the upper limit. That means, we have around 20%, 25% headroom if the market 
does well. There also we are slightly adding capacity on the conventional 
powertrain. On the new powertrain business of the large engines, it is still not 
seeing any revenue. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Only samples are going and some pilot lots are getting invoiced, but it is not 
even 0.5% of our powertrain revenue as of now. Even in the current year, we 
don't expect that we'll be anywhere a meaningful single-digit. It'll be a very low 
single-digit number. 
 
 
Next year it may be reaching a high single-digit number, I think a part of the 
powertrain of the large engine projects. '29, FY 2029, FY 2030 will be seeing 
good traction on that segment. There the capacity utilization is practically in 
10% level because still all the lines and samples and prototypes are going on. 
There is no revenue per se. Overall, if you take that new powertrain business 
also into consideration, our capacity utilization is around 60%. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
On aluminum? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Aluminum, on the alloy wheel, I think I had just mentioned that our exit rate is 
around close to 3 million (nos) on the annualized basis as of March, and our 
capacity is around 5.5 million (nos). I think we should touch around close to 4 
million (nos) in the next year. That means around 70%, 80% capacity utilization 
within the plants. 
 
 
The next level of expansion there, which we had said phase 2, we are not really 
pushed hard on that. We want to wait and watch on this matter. We are looking 
at the commodity prices pass through on the aluminum pricing. It has to 
happen. That we need lot of cooperation, support from the customer to do that. 
There should not be lead lag there, which will hurt us badly. 
 
 
Second thing is, imports of this alloy wheel. What is the way going forward? Is 
there going to be some competition coming there again back after the BIS 
norms has been more or less settled down now? We have to wait and watch. 
The current capacity is more or less sold. We don't have any major issue on 
that matter. To expand further, which will give better operating leverage is a 
matter of question. We'll take a decision after this financial year. I don't think 
we'll take a decision in this financial year to further stretch the alloy wheel 
capacity. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
What about Sunbeam and DR Axion? Are they included in this? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
No. Sunbeam and DR Axion does not do alloy wheel. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
What are their capacities? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The Sunbeam is a new acquisition where we are downsizing the capacity, 
downsizing the customer base, downsizing the product lines. I think that was 
my first statement, that we are exiting customers. We are selling the -- some 
of the lines which has there been a public disclosure. Even with the same 
customers, some products we are exiting. Capacity utilization, which is around 
70%, will come down to around 45%, 50% in the near for the Sunbeam 
because some of them are legacy products unviable to continue 
manufacturing. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
That is one thing, and subsequently also the cost will come down. The 
operating cost will come down and no impact on -- actually margins will 
improve when we do that activity. That capacity will be utilized for new 
customers and new products in that way. That is a new acquisition which is 
work in progress. 
 
 
On DR Axion, I think, we are operating at a reasonable capacity, which is 
beyond this capacity we cannot really extend ourselves because we are a very 
critical component supplier to the 4-wheeler manufacturing customers of ours. 
We have received more orders with the same customer base and also more 
Indian OEMs also have given orders to us recently. We are expanding that 
capacity. Their capacity utilization is the tune of around 80%, 85%, I would say. 
Beyond that, it's again seasonal, so we cannot go beyond that. There will -- 
there is investments going on in DR. 
 
 
Craftsman side also the capacity utilization is a reasonable 70%, 80% level, 
but our incremental orders are quite strong, so we are increasing capacity. 
Sunbeam, as I mentioned, we are decreasing capacity. The capacity will be 
reallocated among that. That is one of the reasons for our restructuring, if you 
have seen, so that we can, with one vendor code or with the same customer 
base, we can operate the capacities. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
The other thing which I wanted to check out was what is this deal that you have 
done with Suprash Developers and Srikara Technologies for your 
Sriperumbudur project? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
That is DR Axion, we couldn't get the land on time from SIPCOT, which is 
equivalent to MIDC in Maharashtra. The land parcel what we wanted is 50 
acres, we couldn't get that. We got bits and pieces of 8, 10 acres and new sites 
which were still not allocated. There should have been a delay of 2 years in the 
project. 
 
 
The customer was giving an order, a time-bound order. Adjacent to the 
SIPCOT land at a lower price, which I had mentioned now in the same earnings 
call, we had taken a 15%, 20% lesser land parcel, which has been 
accumulated by some property developers by buying maybe from 150 
individual land users. We have taken over their -- as a vehicle, the investment 
in those 2 companies. We have taken around 50 acres of land at around 
INR150 crore cost, but we have taken over those companies. Those are the 
subsidiaries. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Okay. This will be developed, by when would that be commissioned? Because 
it's a greenfield project, right? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The greenfield project is already on. The civil construction is on, and the plant 
will be commissioned by December. So next year it will be in operation. All this 
will get merged when we are doing the scheme of things, whatever we have 
filed. There will be no subsidiary once that is. . . 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yeah. One last question, if you don't mind. Any development on the Sunbeam 
land sale? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We have put it up for sale. Now the prices have gone up. The government has 
taken some action for widening the road, and we are road facing. We have 
seen that the property prices are shooting up. But still, I think the sale is little 
elusive because whoever is looking for buying it is asking a discount from the 
current market price. 
 
 
Current market price has got reset by at least 15% in the last one year on the 
matter. It should get sold. It's only a matter of time. Initial price, whatever you 
wanted to sell, at that price there are too many buyers, I would say, but we are 
not willing to sell at that price. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vignesh from Ksema Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Vignesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just want to check on this manpower thing 
which we are focusing on rationalization or cutting costs. Could you throw 
some light on it, how are we planning to do it? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
This is by better operations in general. Better operations means also better 
equipment, better layouts, better processes, and some amount of ergonomics 
in the handling of the production. On top of it, some semi-automation and some 
automation where there is some volumes. This means that we're reinventing 
the production to a very high manpower productivity. 
 
Vignesh: 
Any approximate cost or like benefits we would be estimating from this move, 
sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I am sure that still it will be inflationary even after doing all that. When inflation 
of manpower cost is going to go up by 20% year-on-year instead of the 5%, 
10%, that will be good enough to have a manpower savings or without 
additional manpower growing. We'll mostly be able to offset the incremental 
manpower cost, but surely there will be incremental manpower cost. 
 
 
If not, otherwise, we will see huge amount of incremental cost, which will not 
be for Craftsman or Craftsman Group alone, it's across the industry. You can 
see that happening all over the place. Now everybody is talking about labor 
shortage. It's not really labor shortage, it is the cost of labor going up and labor 
not willing to work at that particular prices. We have seen protests in the NCR 
region, overall across three states, various reasons. 
 
 
I don't want to comment on that because it's very sensitive. I would say that 
there is going to be a reset in the labor cost, all the governments are working 
towards also increasing the minimum wages, which has been done on some 
states very recently in the last few months. Now the new labor code also is 
coming to picture, and this minimum wages will be getting reset. This is on the 
bottom of the pyramid. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
We don't employ too many people at the bottom of the pyramid except for the 
acquired company like Sunbeam. Otherwise, also the cost of manpower is 
going to go up in general. This is more than, as I mentioned, what is worrying 
us more is not the debt, as I mentioned. What is worrying us the inflationary 
manpower cost, which is very difficult to pass on to customer. This is where we 
are working on. 
 
Vignesh: 
Okay. Thanks for your perspective. Any timeline for the aluminum segment of 
reaching $1 billion, sir? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think it will be 2 to 3 years' time. It is also a little sensitive towards aluminum 
prices, but I would say that at the current aluminum prices, I think 2 to 3 years 
we should be there. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ram Seshan from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Ram Seshan: 
My question is primarily on the decision to consolidate the aluminum entities, 
Sunbeam, DR Axion. Could you walk us through, you know, your strategy 
behind this? You know, what are the steps that you'll practically be taking to 
extract more value from this consolidated entity? That's what I wanted to know. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
We look at our public disclosure, we also mentioned that not only Sunbeam 
and DR, we also looked at our aluminum business of Craftsman also. How we 
can have better leverage or better synergy between all the aluminum 
businesses. That is our target. The easy one was how to do it with the DR and 
Sunbeam. It's also related to Craftsman aluminum business. 
 
 
The way to look at is so that, for example, we'll be around INR6,500 crore in 
the aluminum business in the FY 2027 or so. Just an approximation. I don't 
want to give any guidance. Please, negate that if it is taken as a guidance. 
What I'm trying to say is that some equipment, some people, some processes 
may be redundant here. We may have customer base. It's difficult to do 
marketing with these small subsegments in the business. 
 
 
Our competitors across the world are $3 billion to $6 billion in revenue. These 
are the customers. Some of them are already present in India wanting to 
expand their footprint. When we go with each of the businesses at $200 million, 
$100 million revenue or $300 million revenue and try to take an order for $100 
million, $200 million, it is to share the resources and to grow the business, it is 
becoming unwieldy. It is very expensive. That is the reason for rationalizing the 
-- I mean, sorry, looking at the synergy and trying to merge these companies, 
businesses. 
 
Ram Seshan: 
Understood. So this will not just put us in good state to win more businesses, 
but will also make the operations more efficient, so it'll be a benefit on both 
ends. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yes. see, Craftsman doesn't have a plant in Chennai for the aluminum 
business, but all our peers from the north and west have aluminum component 
manufacturing like Craftsman. There are quite a few. Some of them are also 
listed. All of them have got a presence in the Chennai region. But Craftsman 
per se doesn't have a presence in the Chennai region. We are in Coimbatore, 
and we are in Bangalore and Hosur as of now. 
 
 
We want to create a separate campus for that and add aluminum business of 
Craftsman, which is high pressure die casting mainly. Then DR's plant is full, 
we have to expand DR Axion. When we going to put a plant there for the DR 
Axion, then again, one more plant for Craftsman doesn't make sense. It is 
better if you look at it in the future to share. That is the idea behind it. But the 
first step is about very clear carrying the Craftsman -- sorry, DR and Sunbeam 
subsidiaries. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Karthi: 
Sir, just on the leverage point, I understand philosophically you're thinking 
about leverage, but just from the outside, INR3,300 crore seems a bit on the 
higher side. Two questions. One is, are you looking at the consolidation of the 
aluminum business as a way to deleveraging, or do you believe that there are 
other ways to reduce debt? Some concrete guidance on that would be helpful. 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
It will be more to fund our future investments maybe, but I think this debt portion 
of it, debt to EBITDA-wise, if you look at it, the forward-looking EBITDA, I think 
we are already at 2.43 net debt to EBITDA. We are looking at, going forward, 
it'll be less than 2, I would say, in the coming, the current year itself, totally. 
And then it'll go down further to 1.5. That is a natural progression of the debt 
to EBITDA. 
 
 
The way to look at is, if you don't grow the business at the current level and -- 
the level, I think, the debt may be lower, but I think the EBITDA margins will 
start looking downward, I would say, with the new -- without the new products. 
The land sale of Gurgaon, if you take away the land sale of Gurgaon, then look 
at the debt, we should look at the debt at, say, INR2,700 on the consolidated 
basis, not at INR3,100. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a question from Shubham Batra from Ambit AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Shubham Batra: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry if it is a repetitive question. Could 
you broadly tell me what margins will you be clocking DR Axion and Sunbeam 
in FY 2026 for the whole year? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think that will come in the segment-wise results. I think we independently, I 
think, we are around the same range, I would say. It is a slightly different 
business. On the aluminum side, we have given the segment-wise results. 
There is absolutely no profitability at -- if you look at it at EBITDA level, it may 
be there at Sunbeam, but profitability is not there. You can just look at that 
number between DR and -- bulk of the EBITDAs come from these two 
companies, Craftsman and DR. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Shubham Batra: 
Got it, sir. Secondly, sir, how is our alloy wheel business ramping up? What 
kind of revenues are we clocking there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Sir, I answered that already, I think, on the alloy wheel, because the current 
run rate is around 3 million (nos) exiting out of that. The revenue-wise, if you 
look at it, last year it's not that much. Around INR240 crores, I think so. Or 
INR280 crores, is it? Around INR280 crores is the revenue in the last financial 
year for the alloy wheel. 
Shubham Batra: 
Got it, sir. And margins would be somewhere in the low single digit EBIT 
margins? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
For the Bhiwadi plant, it will be at the highest single digit or maybe even double 
digit, but at the Hosur plant it will be single digit because still it's ramping up. 
The plant utilization level is not high. That's the reason. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a follow-up from the line of Vinay Nadkarni from Hathway 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity again. If I look at the aluminum business EBIT 
level, we are at around 10.3%, which was same as last year. This year with the 
correction that you are trying to make in consolidation, etcetera, would you look 
at, at least a couple of percentage points growth there? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
The aluminum business significant capex has been done last year. If we had 
stopped capex in the second half of the year, I think the margins would have 
improved. Those capex has not been put to use at all. What is restarting the 
margin expansion is the new capex which is work in progress, 
it is under 
commissioning or just started production, which has not yielded to the full 
quarter revenue but surely not the full year revenue on the matter. When the 
base becomes higher on the installed capacity and then marginal investments 
are being made, that might not affect the depression in margins. But I think that 
is one of the reasons you see that it is not an apple-to-apple comparison. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Yeah, but could you look at -- I mean, should we look at around 100, 200 bps 
increase in the next year on this margin? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
If you're going at this rate, no. Because the future capex in this year will again 
spoil the margins. Whatever gains we are making on the installed capacity. 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Maybe another two, three years down the line, it could be much better. . . 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Yeah. If our base is 100 and we are expanding by 5%, then the margins will 
improve. But if our base is 100 and we are expanding at 30, and the result is 
shown as 110 on the practical results because still other things are not utilized. 
It's something like 20% the growth in capacity but a 5% growth in the revenue, 
so it is not -- it is disproportionate. 
 
Vinay Nadkarni: 
Understood. So, the coming years will be much better? 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
I think when we reach across $1 billion and then we slow down the capex and 
then it is an smaller portion of the installed capacity, then the margin should 
improve, provided we get the right products at the right prices, yes. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference 
back to Mr. Srinivasan Ravi for closing comments. 
 
Srinivasan Ravi: 
Thank you for all joining, and thank you for the confidence of the investments 
done. I think investments done a little earlier and the borrowing done earlier is 
a better choice because in the coming few years the capex, the same capex 
which has been done in this financial year, it will be 1.5x more because of the 
capex cost increase. This is one of the factors which we have taken into 
account that to put up capex a little earlier so that we'll become more 
competitive in the future. Thank you very much, and we'll sign off. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Craftsman Automation Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purposes) 
