 
 
May 24, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400051 
NSE Symbol: RISHABH 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
21st Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543977 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Earnings Conference Call Transcript for Q4 – FY 2025-26. 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the copy of transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on May 18, 2026 in 
respect of Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the Quarter and Year ended March 31, 
2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
For Rishabh Instruments Limited 
 
    
 
Ajinkya Joglekar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A57272 
 
 
AJINKYA 
JOGLEKAR
Digitally signed by 
AJINKYA JOGLEKAR 
Date: 2026.05.24 
09:31:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Rishabh Instruments Limited 
Q4 & FY ’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2026 
 
Errors and Omissions Excepted (E&OE): This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 18th May 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARENDRA GOLIYA – PROMOTER AND 
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – RISHABH INSTRUMENTS 
LIMITED 
MR. DINESH MUSALEKAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – RISHABH 
INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
MR. VISHAL KULKARNI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– RISHABH INSTRUMENTS LIMITED 
 
MR. NISHANT DUDHORIA – ADD. GENERAL MANAGER 
STRATEGY & FINANCE – RISHABH INSTRUMENTS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Rishabh Instruments Limited Q4 and FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements 
about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company 
as on date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference call over 
to Mr. Narendra Goliya, Promoter and Executive Chairman, for his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you. Good evening, all the participants. A warm welcome to all in this season of result 
declaration. Thank you for joining us on our Q4 and FY '26 earnings call. I have with me on this 
call, our Whole-Time Director and CEO, Dinesh Musalekar; our CFO, Vishal Kulkarni; and GM 
Strategy, Nishant Dudhoria. 
 
The financial results and investor presentation are uploaded to the stock exchanges and on the 
company's website. We assume you had an opportunity to evaluate them. Financial year 2026 
has been a defining year for Rishabh Instruments marked by all-round strong operational 
execution and resilient performance despite a dynamic global environment laden with war, tariff 
imposition and other challenges. 
 
The year for the Rishabh Group was marked by substantial improvement in profitability, overall 
adjusted EBITDA doubling and reported EBITDA at approximately 2.5x last year's 
corresponding numbers. Also, the fact that 1/3 of the total group business from high-pressure 
die castings also improved to an adjusted EBITDA of about INR33 million positive compared 
to a loss of INR150 million last year. 
 
All this was with better quality expansion into new markets, continued new product development 
and corresponding approvals and continued progress on long-term strategic priorities. Over the 
last quarters, we have strengthened our business parameter indices anchored in product portfolio 
mix and sourcing and technology capabilities. This disciplined operating model helped 
strengthen the Rishabh Group's diversified business and transmit the ability to execute 
consistently amidst geopolitical and supply chain uncertainties. 
 
We will continue these strategies with renewed efforts in the coming quarters. The stand-alone 
India business remained a key growth driver during the concluded year, supported by strong 
export demand, deeper customer engagements and growing traction across the electrical 
instrumentation portfolio. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
 
We continue to focus our business position both in the domestic and the international market 
through product innovation, improved market penetration and consistent quality and service to 
the customer to remain the preferred choice across segments for our business partners. Reported 
EBITDA grew by 72.6% over last year, and gross margin was 554 basis points higher at 54% in 
comparison to 48.6% last year, mainly on account of product mix and improved buying 
diversification and efficiency while keeping employee cost and other expenses under check. 
 
Lumel SA, the electronics business in Poland also delivered a good performance during FY '26, 
supported by new customer wins, product diversification and expansion into newer geographies. 
Adjusted EBITDA grew by more than 32% during the year. A key milestone during the year 
was the commissioning of one of Europe's most advanced electronics assembly lines, which 
significantly enhanced manufacturing flexibility and position the business well for future 
growth. 
 
We are also pleased to report a meaningful progress at Lumel Alucast during the year through 
decisive actions such as exiting low-margin legacy contracts, improving customer pricing and 
increasing focus on higher-margin non-automotive opportunities, the business moved towards a 
more sustainable and profitable operating model in spite of the fact that the turnover shrunk by 
21% in Polish currency during the year. All focus is on efforts to bring this business back to the 
earlier profitability by getting non-automotive business in the coming quarters. 
 
Also, Shanghai, V&A, Sifam Tinsley, U.S.A. and U.K. have all shown good growth with 
positive EBITDA in all the 3 entities. We are also working to grow them much faster in the 
coming years, albeit on a smaller base to add to the group revenue and profitability. On the 
industry front, the broader sectoral developments remain encouraging despite global macro 
volatility emerging from tariff imposition, West Asia war and supply chain disruptions. 
 
In India, strong government focus on manufacturing, renewable energy, transport and 
transmission infrastructure, smart metering and electronics localization continue to create long-
term demand for the electrical and instrumentation business. The progress on global trade 
agreements and continued policy support push towards renewable energy sources and mobility 
aim to create a favorable long-term environment. Global market landscape also remains 
structurally favorable. It is driven by long-term investments in electrification, automation, grid 
modernization and renewable energy integration. 
 
While Europe witnessed lower industrial activity, markets such as U.S., Southeast Asia and 
Africa are seeing increasing investments in power infrastructure and industrial automation, 
creating a strong long-term opportunities for companies like Rishabh who have always had a 
world vision in addition to the focus on domestic markets. These emerging trends align well 
with Rishabh's portfolio and reinforce confidence in the long-term business building. As we 
enter FY '27, we remain optimistic about the opportunities lying ahead. 
 
The upcoming state-of-the-art manufacturing capabilities built at Nashik and commissioned at 
the end of last financial year, expanding global customer base in Western countries, robust new 
product pipeline for India, Lumel, V&A, U.S. and U.K. position the Rishabh Group well for the 
next phase of growth in the coming years. We must thank all our teams of dedicated employees 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
led by our CEO, Dinesh Musalekar, without whom this would not have been possible. We 
remain very much committed and focused on delivering long-term value to all our stakeholders 
in the years to come. 
 
Thank you. I will now hand over the call to Dinesh for deeper engagement in operational 
performance for the financial year '26. Over to you, Dinesh. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Thank you, sir, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. So financial year '26 marked a year of 
a strong execution and significant strategic progress for Rishabh Group amidst the dynamic 
global operating environment affecting all countries adversely. I hope the war cloud settle down, 
and we can have even better financial year '27. 
 
At the beginning of the year, we had laid out a strong profitability road map, and I'm pleased to 
report that we have successfully delivered on our commitment with consolidated EBITDA 
reaching to INR 126 crores and adjusted EBITDA reaching to INR 136 crores in FY '26, 
overreaching on the earlier commitment of INR 110 crores at the start of the year. 
 
So we have continued to build a solid and resilient foundation anchored in our product and 
technology competencies with extensive sales and marketing efforts. This has pulled up our 
consolidated revenue, record growth of 9.3% year-on-year in Q4 FY '26 and 7.6% in FY '26 for 
the year. More importantly, the profitability has more than doubled compared to last year as a 
result of this foundation. Consolidated EBITDA saw a growth of 161% in FY '26, driven by 
better raw material sourcing, operational efficiencies, product mix improvement and operating 
leverages. 
 
Over the last 6 quarters, we have consistently improved margins across both the stand-alone and 
consolidated business through better planning, procurement, efficiencies, faster production 
cycle, inventory optimization, production automation and a clear focus on profitable growth. 
The EEI, that is Electrical and Electronics Instrumentation segment continued to be the primary 
growth engine for the group. The EEI segment has registered a growth of 17.5% in FY '26 on a 
year-on-year basis. 
 
This performance was supported by product diversification, new launches and improved 
geographical reaches. We continue to execute our long-term innovation road map where new 
products are expected to contribute meaningfully to the future revenues.  
The standalone Rishabh Instruments business remained a consistent performer. The team's deep 
customer engagement, new product development and successful conversion of opportunities 
across key international markets have resulted in bagging high-margin business across the 
regions. We continue to see healthy and sustainable demand momentum across export as well 
as domestic markets and remain confident of further growth in the same trajectory, supported by 
strong order pipeline. 
 
Now coming to Lumel SA, which has demonstrated resilience during financial year '26, while 
the European markets remained relatively subdued due to macroeconomic pressures and slower 
industrial spending. While the top line for us remained moderate, Lumel SA has contributed 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
51% of the group's consolidated PAT with a 23% EBITDA, backed by major wins in our niche 
market segments. 
 
We remain confident that several opportunities that we are working on will also convert into 
orders over the coming quarters. Profitability has always remained strong, supported by 
favorable mix of high-margin service revenues and project-based solutions along with 
disciplined execution. 
 
As mentioned by Mr. Goliya, another key milestone in financial year '26 for Lumel SA was the 
commissioning of the most advanced electronic assembly line, which we call as SMT line, 
significantly enhancing our manufacturing complexity as well as flexibility and for the future 
growth. 
 
40% of this investment was supported by European Union Funds as this setup will be used to 
design and produce the next generation of very complex medium voltage controllers. Our focus 
on STI USA, U.K. and V&A in China have started yielding results as these entities have recorded 
53%, 25% and 23% growth on the top line, respectively. 
 
And all these 3 companies together cumulatively have contributed 13% of our electrical and 
electronics instrumentation business. The solar inverter business delivered encouraging progress 
during financial year '26 with the successful launch of single-phase iUNO inverter, gaining very 
strong market acceptance and generating initial volumes. 
 
The business has now turned operationally profitable, thanks to the new designs and automation 
of production. With the introduction of hybrid and next generation of iUNO inverters in the 
product development pipeline, we are expecting that the sales in financial year '27 to ramp up 
for inverters. 
 
The long-term growth opportunities will continue in this segment as renewable energy adoption 
continues to accelerate both in India as well as abroad. Overall, in Electrical & Electronic 
Instrumentation segment, we continue to see significant opportunities across energy efficiency, 
metering, automation, testing and measurement instruments and renewable energy solutions. 
 
Now coming to Lumel Alucast, which continued its planned transition towards more sustainable, 
profitable and competitive operating model. While revenues declined as planned and 
communicated to all of you in advance, profitability improved significantly. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA for financial year '26 improved to INR33 million compared to a loss of 
INR150 million last year, reflecting the benefits of portfolio restructuring, pricing improvements 
and overall operational efficiencies. 
 
We continue to build a strong pipeline of non-automotive and selective automotive opportunities 
that will support future growth and profitability. To bring this business back on track, we 
continue to work on multiple RFQs and a few of which have been approved and few we remain 
engaged with several key global customers. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
The qualification cycles in this business are longer as is the nature of the business. We remain 
confident that this transition will create more profitable business in financial year '27 and start 
its mounting trajectory from financial year '28. 
 
The Nashik expansion capex is now completed with 2 manufacturing facilities almost ready and 
are under commissioning now. These facilities will effectively double our production capacity, 
enhancing our ability to meet rising export and domestic demand across the product lines that 
we serve and support future growth. 
 
In parallel, we continue to invest aggressively in R&D across energy meter, medium voltage 
products, automation solutions and solar products to expand our addressable market. We 
continue to advance our innovation road map with new products expected to contribute 
meaningfully to future revenues while expanding our global footprint beyond India and Europe 
into high-growth markets such as U.S., Latin America, Africa, Southeast Asia, where 
investments in electrification, industrial and road rail infrastructure modernization and energy 
efficiency remain very, very strong. 
 
Looking ahead for financial year '27, we remain optimistic on supportive policy developments 
around trade and domestic manufacturing which will create more favorable long-term tailwind 
to deliver us, say, about 20% to 25% growth in EEI segment in spite of geopolitical uncertainties 
and West Asia war and the consequent shortages of petroleum products throughout the world. 
 
I'd like to thank our stakeholders, which include our employees of the group, companies, 
customers, suppliers and of course, the shareholders for their continued trust and support without 
whom we may not be able to produce the results that we have. 
 
With that, I conclude and ask Vishal to give glimpses of our [inaudible 0:16:44]. Over to you, 
Vishal. 
Vishal Kulkarni: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening all. Before I start on the financial performance, please note that 
all the numbers are in INR. The consolidated revenue for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR2,049 million 
and for full year FY '26 stood at INR7,751 million, reflecting a growth of 9.3% over INR1,875 
million in Q4 of FY '25 and 7.6% from INR7,203 million in FY '25, respectively, on a year-on-
year basis. 
 
The consolidated EBITDA stood at INR333 million for Q4 of FY '26, marking 105.8% year-on-
year increase over INR162 million in Q4 FY '25 and EBITDA margins improved by 760 basis 
points to 16.2% from 8.6% in Q4 FY '25. 
 
In Q4 FY '26, the consolidated EBITDA is after provision of INR22 million, comprising INR20 
million towards ESOP cost and INR2 million due to the implementation of the new labor code 
bill. Further, annual consolidated EBITDA stood at INR1,264 million for FY '26, marking 
161.1% year-on-year increase over INR484 million in FY '25. 
 
The EBITDA margins improved by 960 basis points to 16.3% on a year-on-year basis from 6.7% 
in FY '25. In FY '26, the consolidated EBITDA is after provision of INR99 million, comprising 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
INR73 million towards ESOP cost and INR26 million due to the implementation of the new 
labor code bill. 
 
The profit after tax for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR200 million, increasing by 229.4% year-on-year 
from INR61 million in Q4 FY '25, while PAT for FY '26 stood at INR823 million, a substantial 
292.2% year-on-year growth from INR210 million in FY '25. 
 
Now with respect to the standalone performance of Rishabh Instruments, the revenue stood at 
INR788 million for Q4 FY '26, registering a 15.2% year-on-year growth from INR684 million 
in Q4 FY '25. In FY '26, the standalone revenue stood at INR2,676 million, reflecting 11.9% 
year-on-year increase from INR2,392 million in FY '25. 
 
The standalone EBITDA for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR161 million, up by 14.7% from INR140 
million in Q4 FY '25 with EBITDA margins at 20.4%. For full year FY26 the standalone 
EBITDA stood at INR604 million, which is up by 72.6% from INR350 million in FY '25 with 
EBITDA margins at 22.6%. 
 
That is improved by 800 basis points year-on-year from 14.6% in FY '25. It includes provision 
of INR57 million, comprising INR37 million towards ESOP cost and INR26 million on account 
of implementation of the new Labour Code bill in FY '26. The stand-alone profit after tax for 
Q4 FY '26 stood at INR107 million, up by 21.2% year-on-year from INR89 million in Q4 FY 
'25. 
While the PAT for FY '26 was INR417 million, registering a 78.2% year-on-year growth over 
INR234 million in FY '25. Now with respect to Lumel SA, Poland, the revenue stood at INR585 
million, reflecting a staggering 35.9% year-on-year increase from INR430 million in Q4 FY '25, 
while FY '26 revenue remained at INR2,286 million, growing by almost 15% year-on-year from 
INR1,989 million in FY '25. The adjusted EBITDA for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR167 million, up 
by 69% year-on-year from INR99 million in Q4 FY '25. 
And for FY '26, the adjusted EBITDA stood at INR535 million, registering a 32.2% year-on-
year growth over INR405 million in FY '25. The adjusted EBITDA margin expanded to 28.6% 
in Q4 FY '26 from 23% in Q4 FY '25, an improvement of 560 basis points, while margins for 
FY '26 remain at 23.4%, which is higher by 310 basis points on a year-on-year basis from 20.4% 
in FY '25. The profit after tax for Q4 FY '26 was INR141 million, up by 94% year-on-year from 
INR73 million in Q4 FY '25. 
And for FY '26, the PAT stood at INR419 million, reflecting a 19.5% year-on-year growth from 
INR350 million in FY '25. Now with respect to our Die Casting business at Poland, the revenue 
for Q4 FY '26 stood at INR575 million, reflecting a degrowth of 22.8% on a year-on-year basis. 
This is from INR745 million in Q4 FY '25. For FY '26, the revenue stood at INR2,383 million, 
down by 9.6% on a year-on-year basis from INR2,636 million in FY '25. 
The adjusted EBITDA for FY '26 remained at INR33 million compared to a loss of INR150 
million in FY '25. The adjusted EBITDA margins stood at 1.4% for FY '26, increased by 710 
basis points from minus 5.7% in FY '25. The profit after tax for Alucast's business for Q4 FY 
'26 remained negative at INR58 million. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
And for FY '26, it also remained negative at INR41 million, though a strong improvement from 
the negative INR252 million in FY '25. On the consolidated level, we remain net debt free with 
a strong balance sheet. Net cash and cash equivalents as on 31st March 2026 stands at INR1,276 
million. With this, I shall now leave the floor open for Q&A. Thank you. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. Before we move on -- thanks, Vishal. Before we move on this, I think we missed out on 
one point. I would like to highlight that in today's Board meeting, there was a decision made on 
the issuing of dividend. So I would like Mr. Goliya to announce this will be better because there 
could be some questions around that. Goliya please announce this. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes. So for the year concluded, since it was such a good year, we will give a dividend of 20% 
on the share capital. So for INR10 share, there will be a dividend of INR2 and all the formalities 
will be done before it goes to the stock exchanges and you'll see the hard cash. I hope it's good 
news for all the investors. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Rahul Jain with Credence Wealth. 
Rahul Jain: 
Congratulations on great numbers. And also thanks a lot for the dividend announcement. And I 
hope that we will continue to share dividends to the tune of 20% or more going ahead. Coming 
down to my question, sir, with regards to the EEI business. So with regards to that business, how 
do we look at growth going ahead in terms of the stand-alone sales and also the Lumel sales 
growth? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Okay. If I may answer this for the whole EEI business, we are looking at anywhere between 
20% to 25% around 20% top line growth and at a profit of, EBITDA level of about 20% to 22%, 
like same guidelines which we projected last year. That will continue. In terms of composition, 
Rishabh will also expected to grow around the same rate. And also Lumel SA also will be 
growing around the same rate. 
These are 2 big part of that, which cover almost like 85% of this EEI business. The remaining 
about 13%, 15%, which you are talking, this is at a lower base. So that I expect to grow faster. 
Like, for example, U.S.A., we have seen 50% growth year-on-year. We projected about 25%. 
We recorded about 25%, 22% with China and U.K. business. 
So they will be more towards 30% than 20%. So overall, it will be around 20%, 20% to 22%. 
For Rishabh and Lumel, the big companies will be around 20% top line and the other smaller 
companies will be around 30% growth average. I mean it all evens out with 20% to 22% growth. 
But on the profitability, we maintain the same level of profitability at all the companies. 
Rahul Jain: 
So if we look at overall profitability, sir, EBITDA is roughly around 24% plus in the current 
year on the EEI business. So going ahead with the kind of growth to the tune of 20% to 25%, do 
we feel there is some scope of margin improvement due to operating leverage? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So I'll answer that question by way of product mix because our product mix has got 
contribution level margin from 20% to 70%. So for example, solar business is around 20%. And 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
then for EMS is also around 20%. But if you look at some of the high-end products like power 
quality analyzers will be 60%, 70%, and there's a lot of business which is in between. Because 
we are spread across the geographies and companies, so the segments will go up and down. 
So generally, if the product range is very narrow and you have a same kind of cost of 
manufacturing and your contribution margins are same, then the sales grows up and you don't 
add so much cost to that, your EBITDA should potentially increase. But in our case, like, for 
example, this year, we may sell more solar. The top line will go up. That percentage in absolute 
numbers will always grow, all of them, but that percentage can be not 24%, can be 22% also. 
So we want to be very kind of conservative and aware of this fact. So we want to commit 20% 
to 22% as the EBITDA. It could be more. Same thing we committed last year. We delivered 
more. So that's a better way to project. So I'm not trying to project that we had 24% EBITDA 
now. I think I have dropped on the call. 
Narendra Goliya: 
No, no. You... 
Rahul Jain: 
We can hear you. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So because the sales is going to grow 20% next year, so EBITDA is going to become 30%. 
I don't want to say that. So I wish it happens that way. But the most realistic is more like 20% to 
22%. So we can have a couple of percent up and down, but that's where we want to put our 
guidelines. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Also, there's a lot of geopolitical uncertainty. So all of us are aware that if something happens 
and this oil shortage and shocks and lockdown, I mean so many rumors are floating. I don't want 
to put my time into that. But we should be conscious of that, that all this is subject to normal 
working and no offsetting at least in India. I mean, of course, if the world gets affected, we get 
affected, but I hope nothing gets affected. 
Rahul Jain: 
So wishing that we continue the trend of meeting our guidance. Sir, the second question with 
regards to margin also, given the current environment and the energy prices, do we feel on the 
energy side, typically for the European part of the business, we should not have any issues on 
the margin front? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
See, on the margin front, we try to, at least on the EEI business, we try to pass on the cost of 
manufacturing if it goes up, whether on material or something where we do it because we have 
our own brand, our own products, our own prices. So we do that. So that's not a big problem. 
But also the other side of it is advantage for our business because we are in the business of 
energy efficiency and we help companies to save their cost on manufacturing, save their energy 
bill. 
So a lot of people will look at it as an initiative to invest and do all those things. So in Europe, 
the regulations are driving to have more energy optimization. There is ISO 50,000, which has 
come in place, and you've got all those ESG compliances where you are expected to monitor, 
control your energy patterns, energy consumption and reduce that. So when somebody wants to 
do that, they have to come to companies like us to give solution. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Last question, sir, on the Alucast business. In the previous interactions, we have been 
talking about a sharp drop in the sales for the year FY27 and then for FY28 going back to the 
levels of somewhere near FY25. And also with regards to margin, our earlier guidance was to 
do around 5%, 6%, 7% margins for FY27 in this business and go somewhere trying to reach 
double-digit margins in the year ahead. So do we stick to those kind of numbers? Or is there any 
change over there? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. On Lumel Alucast business, the year which we closed was a transition where we phased 
out loss-making businesses, and we have that vacuum, which is created. So we had to do away 
with almost from INR250 crores business, which we are doing, we kind of dropped to about 
INR180-odd crores. So there's been a drop. And this drop was part of those business we are 
phasing out. 
So in total, those 2 businesses which went out accounted for about close to INR100 crores of 
business. So we have been able to fill in some of it already and some which is going on. So that 
filling up of those business is something which is a priority this year. This year also, we are not 
putting big margin numbers on that. So our focus for this year also for aluminum die casting 
business is not to lose the money and build these projects. 
Once these projects are because once we win the project, we have to prepare the tools and launch 
those. So that will not add volume. The volume will come from order booking plus 1 year. So 
we have started doing part of it. In the remaining this year, we'll build that and try to have no 
losses. 
Last year also, we said 0. We did about INR3 crores, INR3.5 crores. And this year also, the 
situation could be similar. Next year will be something where we are looking at getting double-
digit number, not this financial year, next financial year. That's more or less the trajectory on 
which we are heading. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Sure sir. Thank you so much for the insights. All the best. Best wishes. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Thank you. Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kiran D. with TableTree Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Kiran D.: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity, sir and congratulations on turning around this company. I mean 
it was in big trouble in FY25, and there's been a significant turnaround. So many, many 
congratulations. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt. Mr. Kiran, could you please use your handset? 
Kiran D.: 
Sure, sure. Is it better? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, I could hear you. Even earlier also I could hear you. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
Kiran D.: 
Perfect, sir. Sir, in terms of EEI business, we are now at about INR536 crores, INR540 crores, 
and you've given a guidance of 20%, 25% with 20%, 22% margin. Where are we primarily in 
the low-voltage business. Where are we on the medium voltage business in terms of is it still in 
the sampling stage? Or is it will it meaningfully add to our revenues in FY27? Or is that 2, 3 
years away? And any plans of getting into high voltage? So that's like the EEI question. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Okay. On this, we already have a few products which are already released. Some medium 
voltage current transformers we have already released. And also in the medium voltage, we have 
got protection relays, which Lumel is doing and CTs are done at Rishabh. So there is something 
which has already started to happen and this will continue.  
So with the new facility, which will be commissioned by June, July, so we will ramp it up more 
there. So our R&D team is already working on medium voltage VT and PTs. So the specs, 
drawings and design work is already started. So we expect these things to be ready by end of 
this financial year. So all there will be additional 4, 5 products to what we have by end of this 
financial year. And then the sales will start happening from the next year. 
And on the high voltage, as of now, we don't have any intentions or any plans to get into that. 
It's too diverse for us. And also medium voltage, we don't want to go into each and everything. 
We want to expand our portfolio where we are strong. CTs, current transformers, we are very 
strong. 
We are the largest manufacturer of CTs in the whole world by value, by number of products that 
we sell. We are making 6,000 CTs daily. Now we are expanding that capacity to 10,000 per day 
that as we speak, this is a plan which is ongoing with additional lines, additional equipments and 
manpower and floor space, etcetera. So it makes more sense for us to extend this current 
transformer business more into medium voltage. 
Likewise, we are already into power quality analyzers. So there, we can extend them into even 
we call this as medium voltage protection relay. It is not like a protection. It's actually controller 
of the heart of the whole medium voltage panel, which controls everything. So that's a natural 
progression for us. 
So we have that product. We are expanding more and more. We also won European Union 
project for Lumel S. A. As a part of that, we have put this new SMT line, which will have a lot 
of compliances, which will come into India eventually on the safety, cybersecurity at the level 
of manufacturing in the equipment itself. 
They call it as a SIL 1, SIL 2 qualification. So those are the things which we are doing. It's really 
very exciting and nice products that we are rolling out. So they will go into medium voltage. So 
high voltage, we at the moment, we don't want to touch. 
Kiran D.: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Thanks for the very comprehensive answer. And sir, on the HPDC business, I 
know there's been a long history and there is a particular history to HPDC business. We used to 
make very good margins way back in the past. Now we are barely breakeven. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Sir, 2-part question. One, in FY27, you will see it at least hitting INR200 crores sales. I know 
we have talked about breakeven, INR200 crores sales? Or is it lesser than INR200 crores sales? 
Point number two, is the management... 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Okay, go ahead. Yes, yes. Please go ahead. Complete your question. 
Kiran D.: 
And is there -- yes, sure, sir. And is there any plans from the management to demerge Alucast 
given it has completely different dynamics. There is a history to it, plans being side-by-side and 
all that stuff. But is there any plans or any vision for demerging this Alucast business? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. There are 2 questions in that. First of all, as we said last year, the sales dropped, but also 
we had some of those outgoing contracts, which were there for half of the year. So to that extent, 
on the volume of business, it's worse than last year. On the positive side, we don't have anything 
loss-making. So we are filling in. 
So our target is to come close to what we did, what we closed last year. So this is where we are, 
and we don't see, we have some gap to cover there. So I'm not expecting growth in Lumel Alucast 
than what we had last year on the top line. 
But on the bottom line, we really want to be there, we spoke in a few of the calls earlier also. 
The issues are not with profitability now. The issues are to, we have reduced substantial cost, 
people changing from three shifts to two shifts, many things whatever we could do without, we 
are at a stage where that resource which we need is bare minimum needed to run that facility. 
And we have to fill in there. So the question now is of the breakeven from the volume 
perspective, not from the profitability perspective. So there is some work to be done, which is 
in progress and which is encouraging also. So that's the challenge we have. So with these two 
things kept in mind, we still want to give the same guideline like we want to not lose money and 
also there may not be growth.  
It could be flattish. But we will have the target is to sign as many contracts as possible, which 
will come into play at end of the year or beginning of next financial year. And coming to the 
coming to the second question, that's something which we don't want to commit either yes or 
no, but that's a possible scenario also, but we are not committed yes or no on that. Maybe Mr. 
Goliya may shed some light on this. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes, that's a possibility. See, in business, you discuss many, many things. If you demerge it, how 
do you demerge it? Do you keep it within the group? Do you sell it to somebody? But as of now, 
absolutely no decision has been taken. We are doing our best to turn it profitable. Dinesh 
explained to you how we removed all the loss-making and turned it costs have been controlled 
very much. So I think if we do something, we'll definitely inform you at the right time. But as 
of now, there is nothing concrete. 
Kiran D.: 
Got it, sir. And just a clarification with Dinesh. Dinesh, the Alucast thing, this year, we did 
INR238 crores as per the presentation. So we are saying in FY27, we will be below INR200 
crores, right? So that's what we are saying. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes.  
Kiran D.: 
Okay. Around INR180 crores is a fair estimate? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
See, the thing is, Kiranji, there is also another element to that because forex also has some 
influence. So when I talk, I talk in local currencies here or euros. So the devaluation of rupee 
also has skewed a little bit on that. If it is at the same level, it will be similar. If the rupee becomes 
stronger, then that gap will be not so big. So this is also another element to that because we are 
talking in Indian rupee currencies and the whole business is in euros, that has some influence. 
Kiran D.: 
So in Polish currency, we are basically saying we are below INR180 crores, if you consider 
rupee at INR85 already. So next year also will be around INR180 crores. That's how you are 
seeing it on a constant currency basis? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. Exactly. 
Kiran D.: 
Got it. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prateek Giri from Subh Labh Research. 
Please go ahead.  
Prateek Giri: 
Hi, Dinesh ji, hi Goliya ji. Greetings on good set of numbers. Dinesh ji, I hope I'm audible. My 
first question is on solar inverter opportunity. So in fact, it's a part of a broader question, which 
is a growth lever for the company and I would like some objectives around them. So the first 
point I wanted to understand is solar inverter and second is U.S opportunity. If we see our 
development of solar inverter probably for the past 6, 8 quarters, we have invested a lot of 
bandwidth in it. 
Whereas the bigger players have already put their capacities and probably are churning out 
production also. I just want some objective sense that how much this business will do for us in 
FY27. Even this year, the growth is 8%, which is very, very tiny given the size of the business. 
And an add-on to this is U.S. opportunity. We were very bullish about U.S. opportunity. So if 
you can give the number of the revenue from U.S. this year? And what is the target we have kept 
for the next year? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. Let me answer your second question first because it's a very straight and small answer for 
that. So last 2 years, we have grown 50% year-on-year, 2 years back to back. So there is a great 
rate of growth, I would say. So that business used to be around USD1 million. From USD1 
million, we got it to USD2 million and from USD2 million, we got it to USD3 million now. And 
next year, we are targeting in spite of all this Trump and all this thing which was going on for 
the whole year. So we got USD3 million last year. 
And now this year, we are planning to get into another 40%, 50% growth. That's what is planned. 
So there is a steep growth plan for year and we are adding resources also for that. We started 
small Mexico operations as well. Many new customers and projects are initiated. We are having 
more and more products getting UL certified. So that is helping us.  

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
So this is all going good. So that will be a strong this thing. We want to get U.S. business to 
about INR100 crores in a couple of years' time, 2, 3 years' time. That's the plan. We'll see how 
we'll work on that. So there is a plan to get it to INR100 crores business in a 3, 4 years of time. 
That's the plan.  
So that's on the U.S. we're very bullish, and we are going. And then we may look at South 
America also. That's also in the trajectory to probably open an office in South America and 
connect all those Americas together and grow that. That's one part. Coming to -- your first 
question on solar, it's like this, you are doing a lot of groundwork and it's like this bamboo tree. 
A lot of work has happened and just the first leaves have started coming. So first, we are in this 
whole dilemma, whether we want to sell more because the more you sell, the more losses we are 
making. That is gone. Now we introduced this single-phase inverters, which we had really, really 
good response to that, but these launches happened in the third and fourth quarter of last year.  
So up to close to about 10 kilowatts, we have this single phase and also the second one up to 50 
kilowatt, the NEO 3 phase also has been there. Now it is done in three phases. First is to get the 
design and production to be competitive in the market because most of the other people which 
you are referring, they are getting SKDs from China and assembling it. It's no secret, but it's all 
Chinese thing. So if you have to bid them, we have to get our design, procurement costs.  
Prateek Giri: 
Yes. Dineshji, I'm sorry to interrupt you. So sorry. I understand we have perfected the product 
over probably past two, three quarters. And I am glad that now it's a unit level profitable product. 
If you can help me understand the sales strategy which we are following going ahead, are we 
going to partner with these solar players or are we going to? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
I was coming to that. I was giving -- if you want to share the numbers, I can give you the 
numbers. We are looking for INR25 crores -- INR24 crores, INR25 crores business in the coming 
financial year. It's doubling. That's one. And then we are also looking at three, four major people 
who are buying from China and assembling it.  
We are going to partner with them and we'll be an OEM supplier for them because they have got 
brand. And we will do our own brand also. We have got massive campaigns to drive it. It's not 
that we are just playing around with it. There's a complete concrete strategy for that, and we will 
do that. 
And INR1 crores or INR2 crores of manufacturing are going to be used for this one. So we are 
putting up a manufacturing setup, which Chinese do in their countries, how they manufacture 
mass automated production lines, we are putting all of that. If you have to build them, we have 
to play their game. This is how the strategy is. And I'm sure that we'll be successful with that 
and those are numbers and strategies, if you -- if I have to tell you very quickly. 
Prateek Giri: 
No, that is really helpful, Dinesh ji. I sincerely look forward for this segment to scale from here 
because it has taken a lot of our at least mental bandwidth in last 2 years. Just one last final 
question? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
[inaudible 0:49:37] I can tell you is we are also adding hybrid. If we add hybrid, we can export 
it because outside of India, mostly even in India also people are asking for hybrid because you 
want to manage your energy, which is generated when you want to consume. So hybrid version 
also, we started we'll be starting to work on single-phase hybrid. Once we do that, our markets 
to Saudi Arabia, even in Europe will open up. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood. I just have a follow-up, Dineshji. I'll join back the queue after that. $3 million US 
revenue to $4.5 million US revenue. I understand, Dineshji, 50% revenue growth looks very 
good. But in my opinion, in such a big market, just INR12 crores, INR13 crores of incremental 
business probably is an underachievement for Rishabh, given the kind of product portfolio we 
have. So, if we can do something there, I think that will give us another lever for kicking in the 
growth in the company. That’s all. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, we are aware of that. And all the products which Lumel or Rishabh made, they were made 
for India and European market. All those standards are quite uniform. When it comes to USA., 
you have to go through UL certification. It is a lot of investment in terms of time and cost, and 
we are doing all those products. You have to redesign the product. Unfortunately, America is 
totally a different animal. So, the products have to be done, if the box is square, they want round. 
if it's 50 hertz, that is 60 hertz. Everything is different. If you have 230 volts, they have 110 
volts. So all the products have to be redesigned and also have to go through UL certification and 
the labs also have a lot of queues. So, we are doing that. That's where there are some challenges 
for every market. So, we're doing, and that's where the direction is. 
Prateek Giri: 
Understood. Very helpful. Thanks a lot, Dinishji and good luck to the entire team. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ankur Gulati with Genuity Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Sir, just one clarification on solar inverter. Are we now cost competitive with Chinese product 
in India? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Not yet. We are close to it, but I mean, if we really want to make profits, we are not. But we are 
competing them and we are selling it in competition with them. But as Dinesh just pointed out, 
Chinese people, they really do mass manufacturing. They get a lot of government support. We 
don't get that government support. But we will do it on our own strength going ahead. And of 
course, we had also reached the volume. 
See, China has already reached volumes whereby they are able to do a lot in resource in buying. 
And that is still to be done. But again, as Dinesh said, we are conscious and we are doing all that 
is necessary to be done to become conscious. See, that was true in our other products also. When 
we went and we started, we were not able to compete China. But in course of time, we have 
done that, and I'm sure we will do it in this product also. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. To be more precise, we have started the whole product basket. From one end, we have 
started where we have completed, we are competitive and there are other areas where we have 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
to do. For example, the single-phase units, we changed the design from boxes to aluminum die 
casting and those are kind of profit. They are not as profitable as the rest of other things. 
The gross margins are in the range of 15% to 20% that we have already been able to achieve. 
And now we are expanding that. So, we are expanding to 20. Now on the drawing board, we are 
working up to 50 kilowatt. Once they are done, we are taking step by step. So, some -- I would 
say, half of the products we are competitive, half we are not. We are working on that. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And similar product, are we competitive with Chinese in European market? Or there also, we 
are still behind, if at all, we were to sell there? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. In European market, at the moment, we are not very aggressively looking at because Europe 
had its peak on solar and it's dropping. So maybe Middle East could be a better market for us. 
So in Europe, see, in India, we have this Make in India and there is a national pride associated 
with the product designed and made there. In Europe, that advantage we will not have. 
So all the Chinese big brands are already there for a very, very long period and penetrating that 
will be difficult. And also, the Europe went through this phase, and there are no subsidies, no 
support from the government. So as it is, the solar business in Europe is less now. So we rather 
look at markets in Middle East. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So, sir, at what revenue, whether it's 50, 100 or whatever, we'll have the same EBITDA margin, 
let's say, of 22%, 20%, whatever as our Electrical and Electronic Instrument business? What 
level? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
No. So the gross margins or contribution level margins for our other businesses will be much 
higher than this. So for these businesses, it's a mixed bag. So it will be lower. 
Ankur Gulati: 
And we are manufacturing this via contract factories? Or are we doing our own capex? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
We'll do everything our own. 
Ankur Gulati: 
Fair enough. What current capacity, if you can help me for solar inverters in terms of revenue? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
We said we are planning for INR24 crores next year. 
Ankur Gulati: 
So what I meant is what is the maximum we can produce from current capacities? That's INR24 
crores is your target, fair enough, what is the... 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. The current capacity is -- we can go up to -- it's a ramp-up process. So what we need for 
solar manufacturing is the space, which we are building this new building and one entire floor 
is going to be for that. Then we need assembly lines. We are putting one assembly line. 
And as the sales increases, we put the additional assembly lines. We can -- in this new building, 
we can go up to INR100 crores. So it is only incremental investment which we have to do. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Ankur Gulati: 
And can you give us more color on the new plant? What other new products, if at all, we are 
planning to launch? I mean are we getting into broader electronics space? Or will we stick with 
the current products? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So the one is to support the current product because we are almost running out of space 
before. So that's for supporting the organic growth. The other product lines which we want to 
expand there are medium voltage products like medium voltage CTs, PTs and VTs, which I 
think Kiran had asked this question before. So that's something which will be there. 
Solar will be a second expansion, which will happen. Cam switches is another expansion which 
we will do and general growth of rest of the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Zaki Nasser an Individual Investor. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Can you hear me? 
Narendra Goliya: 
Yes. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Congratulations on a healthy closing to the year, sir, and going forward, best wishes for going 
forward. Sir, as I hear Dineshji saying and the general trend, can we assume that by March '28, 
we'll cross the INR1,000 crores revenue mark and have a INR200 crores EBITDA on a 
consolidated basis, sir? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
See, we said that the EEI business is INR560 crores now. So, 20% growth on that will bring it 
to around INR670 crores and at the same time, the other business, which is aluminum die casting, 
which is not growing on the top line. So that will be around the same or at the best or maybe 
5%, 10% lower. So that's where the difference is coming. So, we may get close to that, but 
crossing INR1,000 crores may not be what we want to say now on the top line. On the bottom 
line, again, we had adjusted EBITDA of approximately INR136 crores. And I mean, we are 
talking about 20% growth on this one. 
So, around INR150 crores, INR160 crores is what we can expect as a broader guideline because 
it's not going to be like the last year to this year because last year, a lot of these changes happened 
because we had losses in Lumel Alucast, which did not happen. So we plugged it. And the 
growth on top line and bottom line are basically coming from EEI sector. So that is just adding 
value at the top for one more year. 
Zaki Nasser: 
So, I'm asking for March 2028, sir. So, I think reasonably, INR200 crores and INR1,000 crores 
should be doable. I mean, looking at the kind of numbers you are only talking of 2 years from 
now? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
If you project the same guidelines, so we can come close to that. March '28. 
Zaki Nasser: 
Yes. And what plans do we have for our liquidity on book, sir? Any kind of next level expansion 
or organic, inorganic? Could you just throw some light on that, sir? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
On inorganic growth, we are all the time looking for opportunities and a few we have engaged 
in U.S. and in other places in Europe and India also we are looking. But nothing significant to 
announce or talk about it. As Mr. Goliya said that if there is something at the appropriate time, 
we will announce it to the market for sure. But that is inorganic growth is part of our growth 
strategy also. We are looking at it to reinvest the profit that we have from the business. So that 
is all the time there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Mulesh Savla with Shah & Savla. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Most of my questions have been answered. But sir, I just wanted to have your thought on -- there 
are a few sectors which are growing faster in countries like India, like BMS, data center, semicon 
industry and all. So what are the efforts we are taking to directly target those industries and grow 
our businesses? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So the data centers, yes, data centers is a business. We have some global hotspots. India is 
one of them. And then Ireland is another one. U.S.A. is a big market for that. Canada is investing. 
Also Middle East wars, now we don't know after this Middle East war, whether Amazon has 
pulled out and we don't know. But what we have done is we have bundled our product. That was 
one of the reasons why Microsys was procured so that we can give solutions with our product 
and the software together. 
And I'm really happy to announce that we have some projects which we won and repeat projects 
are coming from Sify. It's one of the data centers in India. And we have similar in U.K., which 
is supporting our Ireland, and we are also developing some products because for U.S.A., every 
time you have to develop something because of what I explained in one of the questions before. 
So we are also developing these products for U.S. market. So there is a focus on those sectors 
which are there. 
Fortunately, all the sectors which you mentioned, our products can be customized bundled and 
we call that as a sectorial marketing, so we can have our products tailor-made for these sectors 
and sell them. So there is a focus on this. That's one of the reasons why we also hired a 
specification specialist, so that they can work with these consultants. And understand the 
requirement and get that feedback to our product development. We modify that and we 
preferably spec in our products as a preferred product to be used in these projects. 
Mulesh Savla: 
So what kind of revenue potentially we can target maybe 2 years down the line from these 
sectors? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So that is all getting absorbed into what projections we are talking about. So what happens 
is when new sectors and new things emerge out, so all these new solutions come into place and 
also some of the old things start going away like analog panel meters, those sales will be kind of 
lower in some areas. 
So this is kind of a thing where you do new product development and as the product life cycle 
goes down, some of the products also phase out. So I mean, yes, for everything, we cannot put 
a number actually. It's really fragmented and a lot of industries, a lot of product lines and a lot 
of markets. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Mulesh Savla: 
Great. Okay. And sir, I just had some doubt about solar inverter. You said that we will have our 
own brand also, and we will do it for OEMs also. Will that work because then in that case, we 
will become the competitors to our OEMs and whether they would be inclined to get outsource 
those manufacturing facilities from us? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
It's good and bad, but this is how the world is working today. So some of these Chinese 
companies are supplying the SKDs to these so-called Indian brands and also selling on their 
brand. It works like that. And we also supply some of our products to, say, ABB, Siemens and 
wherever it is possible, we collaborate wherever it is possible, we compete. Every customer has 
their own loyal customer base, their own distribution channels, their own network. 
If somebody is in kind of appliance support business, he wants to come into solar, he has a huge 
service network. So to do this. So these companies will be more like EPC companies, small EPC 
companies. So what they do is they are not selling only inverters. They are taking inverters from 
me. They're buying panels from somebody else. They're putting all of that as a kit and selling it 
like a bundle. 
So I'm one of the suppliers. I can be supplying to somebody and they want to supply in their 
brand, for example. So I make it for somebody, XYZ, whatever, I don't want to say the names. 
and they will put it. But my product is available for smaller EPCs who want to buy directly from 
me. 
Of course, somebody is buying thousands will have a different price proposition because it's a 
supply contract over a period of a few years. And somebody who is buying 5, 10, I will have a 
different pricing strategy. So this works. And it works in some of our existing products also 
already. And globally also, it works. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Okay. And just a small question on -- can you throw some light on what kind of product they 
are called these advanced automotive technology products? What are they exactly? And where 
are they used? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Advanced automotive, I mean, this looks very generic. Every industry has different. So if I can... 
Mulesh Savla: 
We have mentioned somewhere in our PowerPoint -- I mean, these PPTs that we are targeting -
- these are some of the -- it is there on Slide number 30. We say that PLI scheme will boost the 
domestic manufacturing of advanced automotive technology products. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So this PLI scheme has been a catalyst for many companies to go into semiconductor 
business and the advanced semiconductor business, etcetera, like, for example, the motherboards 
of laptops or those kind of manufacturing. So those EMS services we have started doing for such 
companies also. We have capacity and we have capabilities to do complex things. So those are 
the things which will come out of that indirectly to us. 
Mulesh Savla: 
Okay. Great. Great. I think we started supplying motherboard to some of the companies whose 
principal supplier was Intel. So how that business is doing? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, it has started. 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Mulesh Savla: 
It has started. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, my first question is earlier participant talked about the U.S. market and you kind of 
elaborately answered that question also. My question is, sir, next 3 years, there is a large capex 
lined up on the AI data center, electrification, everything. You're talking about the product 
development and approval and certification part of it. 
But by the time we get it, maybe the largest part of that capex may get over. So is there any 
opportunity possibility of us getting some acquisition in U.S. where we can kind of speed up this 
entire process? Are we thinking in terms of that as an option? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. It's really a very good question, and we are working on that. And also, we are very much 
aware of this capex, which is happening on data centers, and then we don't want to be in a only 
replacement market. So there is a lot of pressure on our R&D teams also to prioritize this and do 
this. So we are working on both sides. One is to get them as quickly as possible because this is 
going to be a phase of 5, 6 years of investment. And at least half of it, we want to catch up. If 
we miss this buzz, then we'll be only in replacement market later. 
So that's something which we are looking at closely. And we have products, like, for example, 
our current transformer sales have significantly increased last year. In my speech also, I covered 
or spoke about it. From a capacity of 6,000 per day, we are enhancing it to 10,000 per day. And 
this is one product which goes in every data center behind every meter that they use there. So 
we have all the UL certification for this product. 
And one of the significant growth driver for us in U.S. is coming from current transformers. And 
also this medium voltage stuff also, we are doing it with UL certification now. So this is all part 
of the plan. And what you said, we are really mindful of that and making some actions on this. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. Sir, second question is on the Alucast. So sir, Alucast, you talked about almost similar or 
slightly lower number on the revenue for FY '27 with a breakeven or early single-digit margin. 
But next year, you're talking about let's say, double digit, closer to double-digit margins. So do 
we have some see-through in terms of the product or the projects which are going to ramp up, 
which gives you a confidence on that kind of a number? Or it is more of our aspirational number 
that we want to get it to that number? That's one. And sir...? 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes, go ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
No. And the second part to that question is, sir, whatever -- my little understanding of that 
segment is that globally in that segment, you compete with global players with scale, which are 
outside of Europe, while the cost of labor and energy both is relatively higher in Europe. So with 
that kind of a setup, it's very difficult to compete and kind of gain business and operate it 
profitably. So again, maybe 1 year, we can do 10% margin, but on a longer duration basis, is 
that sustainable model? What's your thoughts on that? 

 
 
Rishabh Instruments Limited
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. So again, very good questions, both of them. So over a period of time, this situation of 
competing on a global landscape and all these cost disadvantages for European market vis-a-vis, 
say, China or India or Southeast Asia, they all existed in the past also and we still had good 
growth and good margins. So it is distorted because of auto industry for some time now. There 
are also other challenges when it comes to Die Casting business because the weight of the parts 
are so much and it's so much back-to-back supply, if there are any lapses on supply chain or 
quality of products, so then it creates a huge distortion. 
So we had these cycles of people going to China and then coming back to Europe and then 
having dual sources, all those things we have seen in many industries. This is one part. So that 
fairly remains. And the second part, which we are talking about is because this auto industry 
created so much of losses in the whole industry, many companies closed down. 
So those companies which closed down, their projects are shifting to somebody who is existing. 
So maybe about 20%, 30% of the companies still are able to be there on the ground and supply 
out of the Aluminum Die Casting kind of businesses. So you are like last man in the queue and 
people are coming. 
Major part is shifted to China or India, but also a lot of these companies have dual sourcing. So 
that will come in. And coming to this feeling, it's not feeling. I have concrete things which we 
worked on with how many crores of offers we have given, how many customer visits and audits 
have been performed, how many we have cleared and how many we are negotiating. 
We are in some, we are in a kind of a negotiation with on the prices, some we are in negotiation 
on other general conditions of business, etcetera. So there are at least about 3, 4 new customers. 
And from our old existing some 2, 3 where we are getting some new projects. So all that is going 
on. So those numbers which we are talking in a 2 years' line to get back to a better number are 
all based on real data. It's not wishful thinking. So that's where we are. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Thank you very much, everybody, for attending. There were great results. You will have a more 
detailed look at it. We promise to do all that we can to make sure that these results only improve 
over time. Of course, the war clouds are hanging all around us, but we hope in our Indian 
philosophy, this will clear off, and we will come back to a normal growth path. So thank you 
once again for attending. All the best until our next call. Bye-bye. 
Dinesh Musalekar: 
Yes. I just want to conclude. We have done our part now. The market has to respond. So yes. 
Thank you. 
Narendra Goliya: 
Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Rishabh Instruments Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
