 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
CIN: L23200MH1992PLC318353 
3B, 3rd Floor, Omkar Esquare, Chunabhatti Signal, Eastern Express Highway, Sion (East), Mumbai - 400022 
Phone +91 (22) 42441100 E-mail:secretarial@asianenergy.com Web:https://www.asianenergy.com 
 
Source to Solutions 
 
Date: 26th May, 2026 
 
To, 
To, 
The Listing Department,
The Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 530355
Trading Symbol: ASIANENE
 
Sub.:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results for Q4 & 
FY 26 of Asian Energy Services Limited (‘the Company’). 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we attach herewith transcript of the Earnings Conference Call pertaining 
to Financial Results for Q4 & FY 26 held on 20th May, 2026 at 05:00 PM (IST). The same is also 
available on the website at www.asianenergy.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shweta Jain 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: 23368 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
SHWETA 
VAIBHAV 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA VAIBHAV 
JAIN 
Date: 2026.05.26 
10:58:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Asian Energy Services Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAPIL GARG – MANAGING DIRECTOR – ASIAN 
ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. SUMIT MAHESHWARI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – ASIAN ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. NIRAV TALATI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ASIAN ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. AMAN GARG – DIRECTOR – ASIAN ENERGY 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS – 
ASIAN ENERGY SERVICES LIMITED 
 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Asian Energy Services Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Kapil Garg, Managing Director; Mr. Sumit 
Maheshwari, Group Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Nirav Talati, Chief Financial Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you will have an opportunity 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero, on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapil Garg, Managing Director, Asian Energy Services 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kapil Garg: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. Along with me, we have on the call Mr. Aman Garg, Director at Asian Energy; Mr. Sumit 
Maheshwari, Group CFO; and Mr. Nirav Talati, the CFO for Asian Energy and Adfactors PR, 
our Investor Relations Advisors. 
I will begin with some perspective on the operating environment and our strategic positioning 
before our Group CFO walks you through the numbers in detail. FY '26 has been a momentous 
year for Asian Energy, a year in which we transformed from a domestic energy services player 
to an integrated international energy platform. And the next 12 to 24 months represent an 
extraordinary opportunity for our group. 
The single biggest macro development for our industry has been the West Asia conflict. Rising 
geopolitical uncertainties around the Strait of Hormuz have created near-term volatility, but it 
has also reshaped the global energy investment cycle in ways that strengthen our outlook moving 
ahead. 
For India, with crude import dependence of nearly 85% to 90% and gas import dependence of 
around 50%, energy security has become an increasingly critical national priority. This quest for 
energy security applies not only to crude oil and natural gas, but also to mineral security, ranging 
from coal to critical minerals, which I will brief you on later. All of this is accelerating the push 
towards domestic exploration and production, supported by structural reforms to improve the 
attractiveness of private sector participation. 
After nearly a decade of constrained upstream capital expenditure globally from 2016, the 
industry is witnessing a sharp reversal in investment trends and elevated crude prices. India has 
committed nearly $100 billion of investment into the oil and gas sector by 2030. Similarly, other 
nations and global oil majors and NOCs are accelerating their capex programs and investments 
across the value chain. Much of that capital will be deployed through service providers like us. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
At the same time, higher energy prices have made the marginal fields more attractive and 
profitable than ever. 
Policy tailwinds in India, evident in the form of HELP, OALP, DSF bid rounds, as well as the 
recently announced royalty rationalisations are unlocking acreage at a pace unseen before. We 
have already submitted bid for 3 contracts under the discovered small field round 4, and we 
expect this pipeline to translate into multiyear revenue visibility. 
For Asian, the increasing industry shift towards integrated field development continues to create 
a significant long-term opportunity. The success of the integrated field development models 
demonstrated in projects, such as with Vedanta, is expected to accelerate the adoption of 
integrated field development contracts across C&P players. We are primed to take up 
opportunities for these large integrated multi-year contracts because our post-merger 
organisation, along with Kuiper, will make us the only listed energy services company in India 
that will be capable of self-delivering across the value chain. 
At the operational level, the planned production ramp-up at Indrora and Mevad fields, targeting 
approximately 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by FY '27, along with the plan to ramp it 
up further in the coming years, is expected to directly benefit from stronger crude realisations, 
thereby supporting higher revenue and EBITDA per barrel. Despite tailwinds, we remain 
disciplined on capex deployment and timing. 
For Kuiper Group, we believe that the acceleration in capex of global oil majors and NOCs will 
translate into stronger manpower and technical staffing demand across key markets. At the same 
time, elevated crude prices are reviving offshore EPIC and deepwater project activity, resulting 
in a broader increase in hiring requirements across the upstream value chain. 
Kuiper's presence across countries, combined with over 2 decades of established relationships 
with top-tier EPCI and drilling clients, along with a strong specialised talent network for long 
tenure master services agreements, positions the business advantageously in an increasingly tight 
manpower market. This acquisition is aligned with our long-term vision to expand our integrated 
operation and maintenance capabilities, diversify our service offering and scale our global 
presence. 
On the strategic front, we are pleased to share that the company has received approval from 
SEBI for the proposed merger with Oilmax Energy, and the NCLT convened shareholders' 
meeting is now scheduled for June 2026. We expect the completion of the merger process by 
September or October 2026. 
With respect to Oilmax's assets, we are commencing production from Tiphuk field in the coming 
months, where pipeline connectivity is expected soon. We will also increase production from 
the Amguri field this year once connection with the Numaligarh refinery and the national grid is 
established, which is expected over the next few months.  
We also expect production to start from the Duarmara field in this year. Work has already 
commenced in the CBM block after receiving the necessary permissions. Our Integrated Oil and 
Gas Services segment delivered a steady performance, supported by strong execution. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Meanwhile, the Minerals segment continued to be a key growth driver for the company. In the 
minerals infrastructure space, we are already the lowest bidder in one of the tenders and expect 
to secure a few more contracts in this vertical going forward. 
As I said earlier, energy security will be strengthened not only through domestic oil and gas 
production, but higher mineral production too, and the government policy is recognising and 
encouraging this more than ever. This applies not only to coal, but all other critical minerals as 
well, where India is expected to see a higher domestic investment in the foreseeable future to 
reduce import dependencies. 
In the coal space, we first saw, sort of, thrust on first-mile connectivity, and we capitalise on it 
at the most opportune time. The capabilities we have developed in the minerals infrastructure 
space in areas like bulk material handling and movement, paired with our expertise in oil and 
natural gas, will allow us to capture the current tailwinds in the mineral space in the form of coal 
gasification projects, critical mining projects, which are being auctioned by the government. 
Heavy investments are expected in these allied sectors, such as bulk material handling, logistics, 
processing of raw ores, which will lead to significant addressable opportunities for Asian 
Energy, and our unique strength will make us well poised to capitalise on them too. 
Before I conclude, I would like to emphasise the large structural shifts that have come from the 
additions of Kuiper and our integrated field development contracts have fundamentally derisked 
our earnings profile from seasonal and sensitive earnings cycles towards a multiyear recurring 
revenue stream for engagement and predictable cash flows, which are diversified across the 
plethora of clientele, climates and geographies. This is going to result in more predictable and 
higher-quality quarterly performances, earnings and visible cash flow conversions. 
Nevertheless, considering the impact of West Asia and the ongoing conflict on our path ahead 
in both good ways and bad ways, we continue to keep a close eye on any and all developments 
in this conflict, which could impact our operations directly or indirectly. 
In recognition of the company's strategic developments and strong operational performance 
during FY '26, we are pleased to propose a dividend of INR1.25 per share, subject to 
shareholders' approval. This reflects our continued commitment towards creating shareholder 
value while maintaining adequate financial flexibility to support our long-term growth 
initiatives. 
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our Board of Directors, our employees and our 
partners for their continued support and dedication. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Sumit 
Maheshwari, our Group CFO, to talk about the financials. 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Thank you, Kapil sir. Good evening, everyone. Talking about FY '26 financial performance, the 
company reported revenue from operations of INR791 crores compared to INR465 crores in FY 
'25, reflecting a growth of 70% year-on-year. EBITDA for the year stood at INR99 crores, 
representing a growth of 37%, while EBITDA margin came in at 12.5%. On the profitability 
front, adjusted profit after tax for FY '26 stood at INR60.6 crores compared to INR42.2 crores 
in FY '25, translating into an adjusted PAT margin of 7.7%. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
It is important to note that FY '26 PAT figure is after adjusting for an one-time exceptional item 
of INR 9 crores related to Kuiper acquisition costs and a write-off. Moving to Q4 FY '26. The 
company reported revenue from operations of INR338 crores compared to INR215 crores in Q4 
FY '25, growing 57% EBITDA for the quarter grew at 47% to INR49 crores compared to INR34 
crores in corresponding period last year, while EBITDA margin came in at 14.6%.  
During the fourth quarter, we witnessed certain challenges and disruptions related to the supply 
chain owing to the West Asia conflict and some delays from the client side, which has delayed 
execution and consequent revenue recognition in Q4. As a result, the company was unable to 
fully meet the previously communicated guidance for the year. 
However, we would like to clarify that this is largely a timing-related impact rather than a loss 
of revenue and the deferred revenue are expected to recognise in FY '27 over the coming quarters 
as the operating environment normalises and execution schedule stabilises. Despite this 
temporary disruption, our diversified business model, strong execution capabilities, and 
integrated operating platform enabled us to deliver resilient performance during the period.  
Within the Oil and Gas segment, revenue for Q4 '26 stood at INR256 crores with a segment 
profit of INR42 crores. For the full year basis, segment has reported revenue of INR633 crores 
with a profit of INR102 crores.  
In the Minerals segment, revenue for Q4 FY '26 was INR 82 crores with a profit of INR 18 
crores. For the FY '26, this segment reported revenue of INR 158 crores, while profit came in at 
INR 32 crores.  
As we step into FY '27, we do so with a robust, well-diversified order book of approximately 
INR 1,750 crores. This is excluding taxes and excluding the Kuiper portfolio. This combined 
with the deferred revenue from FY '26, gives us a strong and improving revenue visibility 
heading into the new year.  
We continue to remain a net zero debt company with a strong balance sheet and the recent receipt 
of INR92 crores from warrants conversion has further strengthened our balance sheet. 
 We are well capitalized, operationally focused and strategically positioned to accelerate our 
growth in FY '27. Our priorities are clear, tighter execution, deeper tighter integration and 
sustained margin improvement. We remain committed to delivering long-term value for all our 
stakeholders. 
We now open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Charchit Maloo from Genuity Capital. 
Charchit Maloo: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the Oilmax. So what was the revenue of Oilmax in FY '26 and 
what kind of revenue we can expect going forward in FY '27 and FY '28? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Regarding the Oilmax revenue, the FY '26 Oilmax revenue is on the similar line on FY '25. 
Regarding the going forward Oilmax revenue, we have already guided that in FY '29, FY '30, 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
we are looking for reaching an Oilmax revenue of between INR800 crores to INR900 crores, 
where the current existing producing assets and the assets which are coming into production in 
this year will start contributing to our revenue. 
It's difficult to give an exact guidance for FY '27 and FY '28 because a couple of our fields are 
coming into production in this year. But on the long-term visibility point of view, FY '29 and 
FY '30, we are looking at the revenue guidance of roughly around INR800 crores to INR900 
crores coming from Oilmax. 
Charchit Maloo: 
So we are saying in FY '26, the revenue was close to INR115 crores -- INR128 crores, right? 
Close to INR130 crores with I think, 35% PAT margin, right? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Oilmax, we have granted some ESOPs for the last year before the merger announcement. So the 
PAT margins and those numbers may not be comparable with the FY '25. But yes, on the revenue 
side and with the operating EBITDA side, the performance of Oilmax is almost similar to what 
we had in FY '25. 
Charchit Maloo: 
Great. Just one more question, we are still in line with our guidance of Asian Energy. That is 
30% Y-o-Y growth. 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Yes. So as we told you, FY '26, we had a Kuiper only for the 7 months for the stand-alone basis 
for FY '27 we hope to grow between 30% to 40%. And the Kuiper for the full year basis, we are 
looking at the top line of roughly around $60 million to $65 million. This is what we are guiding 
for the FY '27. 
Charchit Maloo: 
Okay. And what kind of blended EBITDA margin, PAT margin we can expect in FY '27 and 
'28? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
On a stand-alone basis, our EBITDA margin for the last year FY '26 was roughly around 16%. 
And we hope to improve our EBITDA margins at least by 100 to 200 bps in FY '27. On the 
Kuiper front, our EBITDA margins was 7% last year, we are hoping to increase our EBITDA 
margins by 100 to 200 bps. 
Charchit Maloo: 
And on the consol level, sir? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
On the consol level, I think our EBITDA margins will be roughly around 12% to 13%. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vaibhav Badjatya from Honesty and Integrity Investment. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
So, continuing the discussion on the previous participant, I understand FY '29, FY '30 we're 
looking at INR800 crores, INR900 crores. But drilling more on it, the largest asset that Oilmax 
have in terms of peak production is Duarmara. And Duarmara, I just wanted to have an update 
from you because that is critical to achieve the growth objectives. 
I think the production was supposed to start sometime last year and it is getting delayed. So, if 
you can just highlight what are the reasons for the delay and is the natural gas flow that has 
happened or there is a water cut on the well or it is now being converted to oil production story. 
What is happening currently on Duarmara, if you can provide details? 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Kapil Garg: 
So, on Duarmara, as you are aware, we are non-operator. The field is operated by Antelopus 
Selan. So the information we have got from them is that the well was drilled last year, as you 
correctly pointed out. And on the log, we have found good oil shows and gas shows. And during 
the testing period, oil was flowed to the surface along with gas. 
It appeared to be a little bit tighter. So Antelopus is doing a little bit more test as we speak today. 
And today morning also, there was some more oil flow in the well. The detailed testing is being 
carried out now with the workover rig, and we'll provide a further update to you, as we get 
information from Antelopus. 
Vaibhav Badjatya: 
Okay. When is the production likely to start with their oil or gas? When will production, 
commercial sales likely to start? 
Kapil Garg: 
I think within a month or so, we'll be able to give you much better prediction as the testing results 
come out. It's difficult for me to commit to a date to you today. So, we will follow up with more 
with our partner and both of us will come out with the tentative date. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Santosh from FundVeda. Please go ahead. 
Santosh: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the great set of numbers that you have 
provided. I have a couple of questions. One is with respect to again Oilmax Energy and AESL 
capabilities with respect to gasification, because recently government has released their interest 
in coal gasification. So, do we have any capabilities or are we planning to build any capabilities 
in that respect? 
Kapil Garg: 
So on the gasification side, I mean, as you are aware, we do build process plants for oil and gas. 
So, we do understand the basic chemistry and the process plants. But if you ask for a specific, 
do we have the knowledge, we don't. So, we are in the evaluation stage right now, and we will 
look for a technology partner. We're already in discussion with some potential partners. 
And hopefully, we'll finalize it in case we decide to go forward with this. But, for all the coal 
gas, what I meant in my speech earlier is that even large-scale coal gasification plants will require 
a coal handling element to it. And we are definitely looking to provide that service. 
Santosh: 
Okay. Got it. And my second question is regarding the coal handling plant itself. Due to this 
crisis in Middle East and raw material price increase across segments, are we seeing any 
challenges in coal handling plants, equipment or any other risk that you're facing from raw 
material side? 
Kapil Garg: 
On the coal handling plant side, we are not facing any challenge because almost all the material 
is domestic supplied. We're not really facing any challenge on the coal handling plant side. 
Santosh: 
Okay. And one last question, sir, regarding the Kuiper process. I believe if I'm not wrong, it is 
in UAE. So, because of the recent geopolitical tensions, are there any challenges on the Kuiper 
side of the entity? 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Kapil Garg: 
So, we did see some disruptions in March during the month only in Qatar. So Qatar, we are 
providing services offshore. So that was one geographical location we faced some challenge. 
But most of those clients have kind of remobilized now, and we are almost back to normal now. 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
And adding to what Kapil sir has told, Kuiper has a diversified portfolio and diversified locations 
also. So apart from the Middle East, Kuiper is active into Southeast Asia and other African 
market also. So yes, as we mentioned, there was a small disruption in Qatar in the March month, 
but most of the operations of the Kuiper have remained unaffected during this period. 
 
And once the things are getting normalized, we have seen the remobilization started in Qatar 
also. So, if the situation remains secure and safe, we do see a higher opportunity and the Kuiper 
operation returning back to the normal. 
Santosh: 
So, if I understand right now, there is some impact in the Middle East portion of the Kuiper, but 
not to a large extent. Is that correct? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Yes, that's right. 
Santosh: 
Thank you, sir. I have a few more questions, but I'll come back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Atul Dagga from Dagga Securities. Please go ahead. 
Atul Dagga: 
I have just 2 questions for you. First one is beyond Kuiper and Oilmax, does management see 
any further inorganic opportunities in the O&M services or mining services? If yes, what would 
be the acquisition criteria? 
Kapil Garg: 
I mean, obviously, we remain open to inorganic acquisition opportunities. But specifically, are 
we chasing something right now? The answer is no. And as we keep on talking about the capital 
discipline, even the opportunities, if and when they come along, we will evaluate them very 
carefully before making the decision. 
Atul Dagga: 
Got it. And secondly, sir, what is the expected consolidated capex requirement for FY '27 and 
FY '28? And how much of this will be towards upstream assets, field development and 
international services expansion? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Regarding the capex commitment for FY '27, so there is no capex commitment we have for our 
services business or for international expansion. The only capex as in Asian what we are looking 
at currently is drilling more wells in our Indrora and Mevad field, where we have found good 
oil success. 
 
So there, we are evaluating to drill additional wells. So the overall commitment, what we are 
seeing in over the next 1 year on the overall block level is roughly around INR100 crores. And 
out of that, our portion will be roughly around INR50 crores. 
Apart from that, there is no additional capex, which we are currently planned or which we have 
committed. And regarding the Oilmax assets, the couple of Oilmax assets which are already 
producing there, we will be doing the capacity ramp-up where we do not require any further 
capex and a couple of our blocks where our partners are carrying out the capex. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
So as such, there's no committed capex or large capex commitment from the Oilmax side also. 
And depends on the success what we get into our endeavour, we'll continue to keep evaluating 
the capex requirement, and we'll remain very, very disciplined in our overall capex assessment. 
Atul Dagga: 
Thank you so much and all the best for you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sunny Gosar from MK Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Sunny Gosar: 
My first question is regarding our guidance for the standalone business. So we have guided for 
about 30% to 40% top line growth for FY '27. So, what I wanted to understand is how much of 
this top line growth can be achieved only based on the current order book that we already have 
in hand of about INR1,750 crores? And how much are we dependent on some new orders coming 
in during the year to kind of achieve this guidance? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Sunny, to answer your question, so our current order book is INR1,750 crores. And as we told 
you, we are already L1 in one of the tenders where we are expecting the contract award. So, the 
guidance which we have provided is more or less almost 90%, 95% of the current guidance what 
we are providing is coming from our existing order book and the contract where we are L1. So, 
we have not factored in any new contracts or new order book built up into our current year 
guidance. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. That's very helpful. And in terms of the overall order pipeline and outlook for, say, maybe 
FY '28 and beyond. So what is the visibility there in terms of oil and gas, minerals business? So 
how should we think about, say, a 2, 3-year perspective on growth in the service part of the 
business, which is a standalone business? And how are we seeing new discussions or 
opportunities there? 
Kapil Garg: 
So Sunny, as I mentioned earlier in my speech, we are on this integrated development basis we 
are looking at, there are multiple opportunities on the radar. So based on the Vedanta model, 
which we have successfully proved, ONGC has recently come out with some tenders, which we 
are evaluating for decent sized field to provide end-to-end solutions. And I believe some other 
operators are also considering the same model. 
 
So, on the oil and gas front, I do see visibility of multiple tenders coming out for integrated 
service platform. On the coal handling and the material handling plant, also there are multiple 
opportunities on the radar as we expand more from coal to other minerals. So, we do see a decent 
pipeline to keep us going for the next few years for the targeted growth rate. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. And is it fair to assume that the growth rate like or maybe if you can give us some like a 
2-to-3-year view on how should we think about overall CAGR growth rate for the standalone 
business beyond FY '27? 
Kapil Garg: 
25% to 30% would be a pretty decent range, Sunny. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. My next question is on Kuiper. So, in the presentation, you have mentioned that you look 
to scale the business to about $100 million of revenue by FY '29. So that's largely between, say, 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
INR900 crores and INR950 crores of top line by FY '29 versus current annualized run rate of 
between INR530 crores to INR540 crores. 
 
So, like how should we think about drivers for achieving this growth? Is it new customers? Is it 
new geographies or enhancing wallet share with existing customers? So, if you can help us 
understand what would be the drivers of this growth over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Kapil Garg: 
It is a combination of all the factors you talked about and let me elaborate. Right now, the major 
chunk of the top line comes from providing manpower through drilling rigs. We have already 
started to diversify the base, and we are in multiple discussions, and we have started seeing some 
initial success with large EPC contractors in Middle East and Southeast Asia. 
 
We have started to diversify our portfolio of clients and services. So rather than being dependent 
on only offshore drilling rigs, we're already expanding into marine services, into offshore 
construction services, into cable link. 
And we also intend to diversify geography. For example, in Africa, we have limited presence 
right now, but we are evaluating that market very carefully with the intention of diversifying 
there. So, a combination of all the 3 factors we talked about. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Got it. And at about $100 million of top line, what kind of EBITDA margins can be achieved 
with operating leverage and efficiencies? So from current 7%-odd margins, what could be the 
target margins by FY '29? 
Kapil Garg: 
We are targeting 11% to 12%. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Okay. Got it. And one last question before I get back in the queue. So, in last year, I think in the 
AGM presentation, you had indicated some FY '29 guidance of top line EBITDA and PAT. 
Based on the current circumstances and whatever opportunities you are seeing, are we kind of 
on track to be able to achieve those numbers or any change in the broader guidance? I think you 
had indicated about INR450 crores to INR500 crores of PAT by FY '29. So, any colour on that? 
Kapil Garg: 
We are more or less on the same guidance still, Sunny. I mean as I mentioned earlier, there is a 
turmoil in the world. But with the plan we have and the opportunities we have on hand, there is 
no reason for us to believe that there's any change in that guidance. 
Sunny Gosar: 
Thank you for the detailed answers and I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hina Parekh from Solvaren Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Hina Parekh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, congratulations on good set of numbers. I have 2 
questions. First is on what is the status of Mevad production ramp-up? And what are the key 
operational steps to reach the 1,000 BOPD target by FY '29? And additionally, what is the 
expected consolidated capex and working capital requirement over the next 2 years? And how 
will it be funded as well? 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Kapil Garg: 
So, first question, how we will ramp up Mevad. We have already drilled 2 new wells, and both 
wells have performed better than the initial expectations, which has further confirmed our belief 
in the development of Mevad and Indrora field. So we are mobilizing a rig now. And within a 
month, we'll start drilling back-to-back wells. The initial plan is to drill 6 more new wells. 
We're already producing in excess of 200 barrels. And with the new 6 wells coming in, we should 
start getting closer to the target. It's an iterative process, oil and gas. So, as we drill more and 
more wells, we keep on refeeding the data into our system to keep on fine-tuning the well 
locations. But with the initial success we have seen, we are very confident that the guidance we 
have provided will be able to meet. 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
And specifically, the 1,000 BOPD guidance we want to achieve in this year. And in the next 
coming years, we intend to take Indrora production further to 1,500 BOPD per day in the next 
2, 3 years, depends on what type of results and success we get into the current guidance. 
 
Now in terms of your second question about the requirement of the working capital and other 
things. So, as you would appreciate, we continue to remain zero debt company and our debt-to-
equity ratio is virtually nil. So, we have a sufficient room to raise working capital debt and 
additional debt also, which require us to fuel our growth. 
We have been supported by 2 nationalized bank and private sector bank also, including Citibank. 
So, they are supporting us in whatever manner is required to get additional banking guarantee 
limits or additional working capital limits. So we remain confident that we'll have a sufficient 
working capital limit available to us to pursue our future growth also. And we remain very well 
decently capitalized. 
Hina Parekh: 
 
Got it. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nimesh Pandya from NP Invest. Please go ahead. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Thanks for giving me this opportunity. I have a couple of questions. First being, what are the 
main geography-wise growth opportunities for Kuiper across the Middle East, Africa and 
Southeast Asia? And are there any new countries or client segments being targeted in FY '27. 
Kapil Garg: 
So, Kuiper, if you ask specific geographies. I mean, Nigeria is one geography we are seriously 
considering because several current clients of Kuiper are operating there and they keep on 
requesting us to look at that. So, this is a specific country, Nigeria is definitely on the radar. But 
we are seeing a lot of activity in Southeast Asia, too, which is our current market. So,x between 
Southeast Asia, Middle East and Africa, especially focusing on Nigeria are the current target 
markets. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Okay. Got it, sir. So next question is, sir, how is the management prioritizing allocation, I mean, 
capital allocation across organic growth capex like Mevad field development, Kuiper expansion, 
Oilmax integration, debt reduction and shareholder return? 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Kapil Garg: 
I think Sumit explained earlier about we don't really have a very large capex program going 
forward this year. And most of our businesses in the service side do not require capex. They 
only require operating expenses, which we are kind of fully funded. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Thanks, sir. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kareena Kaur from Starklume Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Karina Kaur: 
Hi, thank you so much. Firstly, congratulations on such great numbers. My question is, could 
you provide details on the integration road map for Oilmax post-merger? Additionally, what will 
be the governance framework and business segment disclosures in place post the merger? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Regarding the Oilmax integration, as you would appreciate, Oilmax and Asian, the reason for 
integration is to build an integrated organization platform and integrated energy platform. So, 
the integration activities are already underway. 
 
In fact, Asian provides services to Oilmax at couple of the blocks which have been operated by 
Oilmax and one oil block is common between Asian and Oilmax. So, integration is already under 
the way, and we expect integration to be over by the time we receive the complete merger 
approvals and all other aspects. 
 
In terms of the governance, we already very highly governed company, and we put a very good 
focus on the corporate governance. So, after the Oilmax is being merged into Asian Energy, the 
entire promoter and all business of the promoter will be into the single entity. Currently also the 
promoter owns Asian Energy directly through Oilmax and then the entire businesses will be into 
a single entity, which is a large, listed entity. 
 
And we already have a strong corporate governance system and Independent Directors on the 
Board. And whatever additional things are required to make our corporate governance system 
more robust, we will implement those things. 
Kapil Garg: 
From the reporting question you asked, we'll be reporting in 3 segments. One is the oilfield 
ownership model, which is current Oilmax model. Second is the Asian current services model. 
And third is the global Kuiper model. So those are the 3 segments we'll continue to report. 
Karina Kaur: 
All right. Thank you so much. Good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Santosh from FundVeda. Please go ahead. 
Santosh: 
One quick question regarding the Mevad field, right? As you're producing around 100 BOPD 
crude in the field, how does the current Brent-linked pricing in current environment for the 
pricing impact these cash flows? How does actually the pricing work for the crude that we 
generate or produce from Mevad? 
Kapil Garg: 
So our crude from, we have a contract with Indian Oil Corporation, and the formula is linked to 
Brent, a monthly average of dated Brent. So as per the formula, we supply to IOC and we get 
paid. 

 
Asian Energy Services Limited 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Santosh: 
Okay. So, in that sense, the higher the price, the better the revenue from that particular field for 
us? 
Kapil Garg: 
That is correct. 
Santosh: 
Okay. And regarding the minerals thing that you have spoken before, right. So, can you shed 
more light on that, sir, with respect to critical minerals? Are you seeing any developments there 
from the government side or from the industry or anything going on in that industry? 
Sumit Maheshwari: 
Yes. So, if you have seen the government is awarding a lot of critical minerals blocks and the 
award process and that process is continuously happening. And now after the receipt of a lot of 
critical mineral blocks award, the work has started happening on those blocks. And one thing 
we need to appreciate any bulk material, whether it's a critical mineral or coal or any natural 
resources, they require specialized logistics solution and bulk material handling system. 
 
So, the opportunity that we are eyeing in that segment is more of setting up the logistics chains 
and the bulk material handling system there. And specifically in the critical mineral where the 
ore processing or critical mineral processing is required, the logistics required in 2 places. The 
first thing is bringing the ore to the processing plant and then taking back the entire ore, which 
has not been used back to the dump yard. 
 
So, the logistics supply, logistics chain, specifically the bulk material handling systems, becomes 
a very, very critical aspect for the critical mineral also. So, we are targeting that particular 
segment. And with the few mines, which have been awarded likely to come into the operation 
in coming years. 
So, we do see good opportunity coming from there. And the second segment, which we like to 
target in the critical minerals segment is the processing and setting up a processing plant or 
running those processing plants like what we have been doing into oil and gas segment. 
Santosh:  
 
This is very insightful. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take this as the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Kapil Garg: 
Thank you all for joining the call. I hope we were able to answer most of your questions. If any 
particular question remains unanswered, kindly reach out to Adfactors, and we'll be happy to 
clarify. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Asian Energy Services Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
