 
Pace Digitek Limited  
(Formerly Known as Pace Digitek Private Limited  
and Pace Digitek Infra Private Limited) 
Regd. Office: Plot No. V-12, Industrial Estate, 
Kumbalgodu, Mysore Highway, Bangalore - 560 074. 
T : +91 80 29547792 / 94 / 95 / 96. 
E : info@pacedigitek.com  
w : www.pacedigitek.com 
CIN-L31909KA2007PLC041949 
 
 
Ref No: PDL/2026-27/Q01_34 
Date: June 03, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code – 544550   
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol – PACEDIGITK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Transcript of the Investor call on the Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for the quarter and Financial Year Ended March 31, 2026 held on May 26, 2026 at 
11:30 AM.  
 
In continuation of our letter bearing Ref No: PDL/2026-27/Q01_25 dated May 21, 2026 and pursuant 
to Regulation 46(2)(oa)(iii) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find the enclosed transcript of the Investor Call held on May 26, 2026, on 
the Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for the quarter and 
Financial Year Ended March 31, 2026. 
The transcript is available on the website of the Company on: https://www.pacedigitek.com/investor-
relations/stock-exchange-compliance  
We hereby request you to take note of the same. 
Thanking You, 
For PACE DIGITEK LIMITED 
[Formerly known as Pace Digitek Private Limited 
and Pace Digitek Infra Private Limited] 
 
 
 
Meghana M P 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A42534 
 
Add: Plot No. V-12, Industrial Estate, Kumbalgodu,  
Mysore Highway, Bangalore - 560 074. 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Meghana 
Manchaiah 
Purushotham
Digitally signed by 
Meghana Manchaiah 
Purushotham 
Date: 2026.06.03 
19:28:38 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
Pace Digitek Limited  
 
Q4 & Full Year FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 26, 2026 11:30AM IST 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Venugopal Rao Maddisetty – Chairman & MD – Pace Digitek 
Limited 
Mr. Rajavendhan P – Chief Financial Officer – Pace Digitek 
Limited 
Mr. Ajay Tambhale – Head, Investor Relations – Pace Digitek 
Limited 
Moderator:             Ms. Khushbu Singhania – Go India Advisors LLP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This transcript has been edited to improve the readability. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and Full Year FY2026 
conference call of Pace Digitek Limited, hosted by Go India Advisors. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Khushbu Singhania from Go India 
Advisors. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Khushbu Singhania:  
Thank you Iqra. Good morning, everyone and welcome to Pace Digitek earnings 
call to discuss Q4 and full year FY2026 results. We have the senior management 
of the company on call, Mr. Venugopal Rao Maddisetty, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Rajavendhan P, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Ajay Tambhale, 
Head of Investor Relations. We must remind you that the discussion on today's call 
may include certain forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
May I now request Mr. Venugopal Rao to take us through the company's operation 
and strategic highlights for Q4 and full year FY2026, along with the business 
outlook, subsequent to which we can open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
M. Venugopal Rao: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone. I am Venugopal Rao, Chairman and 
Managing Director of Pace Digitek. I would like to welcome you all to our Q4 and 
FY26 earnings conference call. FY2026 was a landmark year with successful IPO 
listing, creating a strong platform for next phase of scale and long-term growth. 
We have transitioned from a telecom infrastructure execution company into an 
integrated infrastructure platform across telecom and energy infrastructure and 
Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS). 
 
During the year, we have built the capabilities across the complete BESS value 
chain including the manufacturing, EPC execution, deployment and life cycle 
services. We have operationalized BESS manufacturing facility with installed 
capacity of 2.5 GWh during FY26. We have also delivered 178 BESS containers 
during the last year, which was a record; there is no other company which has 
manufactured 178 containers within India. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
We have also successfully executed 480 megawatt hours (MWh)  of utility-scale 
BESS capacity during FY26. We are also in process of expanding our 
manufacturing capacity from 2.5 GWh to 5 GWh. The machinery and equipment 
have been received, installation is underway and the 5 GWh facility is expected to 
be operational from July 2026 onwards.  
In addition to this 5 GWh capacity, we have completed the necessary infrastructure 
and plant construction for expansion to 10 GWh. We have also placed orders for 5 
GWh production lines and which are expected to be operational in October 2026. 
As a result, by October, we would be operating with 10 GWh operational capacity 
for BESS manufacturing.  
This is actually ahead of our earlier plans where we thought that first we will 
operate 5 GWh and then take the call for the second 5 GWh, but we have advanced 
our plans considering the demand outlook and order book visibility and we have 
already progressed in that direction. By October, we would have a 10 GWh of 
operational capacity.  
We have also strengthened all the internal teams. We have built a strong team to 
manage this 10 GWh capacity at the manufacturing level. At the same time, we 
have further strengthened our field operations and project execution capabilities to 
support the growing scale of our business. 
 
On the telecom side also we are progressing well. In addition to our earlier orders, 
we have secured further orders from BSNL and Railways in the last quarter. We 
have also secured an order from RailTel for Railway Kavach and digital 
infrastructure projects. We are also strengthening our position beyond traditional 
telecom infrastructure, for example in Railways we are deploying CCTV systems 
across coaches and for Kavach projects we are providing solutions as well. 
 
On the growth part, the outlook is very good because we already have a very 
healthy order book in hand coupled with the integrated manufacturing and 
execution capabilities. We have a strong demand visibility across energy and 
digital infrastructure. We have a diversified executable order book of Rs.11,338 
crores, comprising Rs. 8,854 crores in the Energy sector and Rs. 2,484 crores is 
form the Telecom & ICT side . The order book distributed across BESS, telecom, 
OFC and digital infrastructure projects. 
 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
Our long-term opportunities are emerging from renewable energy integration, 
where BESS is required in at scale as well as grid stability requirements and BESS 
expected to play a critical role. Our opportunities also come from Railways in 
terms of modernization and digital infrastructure expansion. We are also seeing 
the utility-scale storage market in India growing significantly because it is still at 
an early stage of development and the growth potential looks very solid. 
 
Our strategic priorities for the next two years would be to scale up this BESS in 
the C&I segment in addition to the grid-scale BESS which we are already 
executing. We are also focusing more on the Commercial and Industrial (C&I) 
sector. In the grid-scale segment we use MW scale BESS, whereas in the C&I 
segment, smaller-scale systems like kilowatt-scale are required, so we are focusing 
on that. 
 
We have already launched some products in that direction and the certifications 
are also coming through. We are addressing that market as well, which is quite 
large and attractive. Keeping in mind the various state government policies in 
states such as Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan, which have launched their 
BESS policies recently and stipulate that wherever you have 50 MW and above 
solar installations, you need to set up BESS on a mandatory basis. This would 
bring significant opportunities for BESS at the C&I segment level as well. 
 
Our focus for the next two years will be on increasing the contribution from 
product-led manufacturing and capacity building. As I said, we are expanding to 
10 GWh, which itself would give us a very good top line. Going forward, we will 
be focusing more on increasing the contribution from manufacturing-driven 
revenues along with selective project-driven revenue. Therefore, our next strategic 
priority would be to focus on manufacturing-driven revenues. 
 
We also want to improve operating leverage through integration and scale. As we 
mentioned, from 2.5 GWh we are scaling up straight away to 10 GWh considering 
the healthy order book and the demand in the market. We are also expanding our 
participation across telecom, OFC, Railways and digital infrastructure projects, 
which will also give us a healthy telecom order book and contribute to both our 
top line and bottom line. 
 
We do have a confident long-term growth trajectory supported by strong expansion 
visibility across telecom and energy businesses. We are driving both sectors in 
parallel with independent teams so that both can grow simultaneously. We are 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
increasing the contribution from the utility-scale BESS projects which we already 
have. We are also taking a leadership position in the sector, with our BESS order 
book being the largest in the country among individual companies today. 
 
We are also trying to scale up this integrated manufacturing plant where not just 
the lithium-ion cell to the container assembly, but also the container 
manufacturing, including the fabrication of containers will be undertaken in-house 
because there are a lot of logistical challenges when we procure containers from 
outside, including transportation, costs and related challenges. To optimize this, 
we are doing in-house fabrication. The plant is ready. It would also be operational 
from July onwards. 
 
That was a quick summary of the plans that we have and now I hand over the call 
to our CFO to discuss the financial numbers that we have announced yesterday.  
Thank you and I will be happy to take any questions at a later stage. Thank you. 
Rajavendhan P:  
Good morning, this is Rajavendhan, CFO of Pace Digitek. On behalf of the 
management, I welcome you all to this Q4 and full year FY26 earnings conference 
call. I will take you through the financial and operational performance for Q4 as 
well as the full year FY26. 
 
I will start with the top line and most of my numbers will be consolidated basis, as 
we operate as a group across manufacturing, projects and services. Our 
consolidated revenue from operations for the Q4 FY26 stood at Rs.1,097 crores 
compared to Rs. 683 crores in Q4 FY25, representing a 60.5% year-on-year 
growth. The growth in this quarter was primarily driven by the project execution. 
 
For the full year FY26, we have reported revenue from operations of Rs. 2,641 
crores compared to Rs.2,439 crores of the last year, which indicates a year-on-year 
increase of 8.3%. During the year, we had a mix of telecom and energy businesses, 
with a larger contribution from energy sector orders. This business mix supported 
the growth in revenue compared to the previous financial year. 
 
As mentioned earlier, we operate across both telecom and energy businesses. The 
energy contributed to about 78.1% of the total order book, whereas telecom & ICT 
accounted for 21.9%. From revenue perspective, the telecom & ICT has 
contributed 55% to the overall top line and energy contributed to 45%. This reflects 
a significant growth in the energy business and further diversification from our 
existing telecom business.  

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Coming to profitability, the gross profit for Q4 FY2026 stood at Rs.249 crores 
compared to Rs.130 crores in Q4 FY2025. The increase was primarily driven by 
the increase in the turnover. During the quarter we had a combination of telecom 
and energy businesses and in energy we had a combination of both product sales 
and Build-Own-Operate (BOO) projects execution. 
 
Employee expenses for the full year were Rs. 96 crores for FY2026 compared to 
Rs. 67 crores in the previous year. The increase in the employee expenses was 
mainly driven by: 1. diversifying the business from telecom to energy; 2. 
deployment across a couple of projects and; 3. commencement of a BESS 
manufacturing plant. Therefore, this has impacted employee expenses during the 
year. Moreover, this is in alignment with the company's long-term execution 
roadmap, manufacturing expansion plans, strong order book and visibility. 
 
At the EBITDA level, the Q4 number was Rs.163 crores compared to Rs.76 crores 
Q4 FY2025. This was significantly impacted by increase in revenue. For the full 
year, the EBITDA stood at Rs.455 crores compared to Rs.482 crores in the 
previous year. There is a dip in the EBITDA margins because the composition of 
revenue has changed from a telecom-focused business to a mix of telecom and 
energy businesses.  
The margins continue to reflect the execution mix and the ongoing investment 
towards manufacturing and deployment capabilities. However, over the medium 
term, we expect operational efficiencies to improve through: 1. manufacturing 
scaling up; 2. localization initiatives as our MD explained; 3. backward integration 
which we are already doing; 4. improved supply chain efficiencies; and 5. 
increased contribution from product-led revenues. 
 
Full year finance cost was Rs. 60 crores compared to Rs.115 crores in the previous 
year. This indicates the reduction of borrowings and the borrowing cost post the 
IPO and treasury optimization. As our rating has improved from BBB negative to 
A negative, the treasury cost also has come down. 
 
PBT for FY2026 stood at Rs.430 crores as against Rs. 384 crores in the previous 
year. PAT for FY2026 stood at Rs. 307 crores compared to Rs. 279 crores of the 
previous financial year, indicating a YoY growth of 10.1%. PAT margin increased 
to 11.4% from 11.3% in FY2025. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Moving to the balance sheet, the total equity has increased to Rs. 2,252 crores 
during FY2026, supported by IPO proceeds and increased reserves and surpluses. 
The total debt as on 31st March 2026 stood at Rs. 961 crores compared to Rs.161 
crores of the previous year. The increase reflects 1. investment towards BESS 
manufacturing expansion; 2. energy asset creation and 3. execution scaling up for 
the energy projects. 
 
We are comfortable with our current leverage profile. The debt-to-equity ratio is 
at about 0.43x. Cash and bank balances stood about Rs.769 crores. The net debt-
to-equity ratio stood at 0.09x. Return on equity for the FY2026 stood at 13.6% and 
return on capital employed stood at 14.3%. The return ratios moderated during the 
year primarily because of capital deployed towards long-term energy assets, 
manufacturing expansion and the execution of energy projects. 
 
From a working capital perspective, there are two points to note. First, on the 
inventory side, our inventory stood at Rs.540 crores as on 31st March 2026. This 
increase in inventory reflects a strategic initiative undertaken by the Company. We 
are considering two different aspects:  1. raw material cost, specifically lithium-
ion cell prices and 2. exchange rate effect. To mitigate these two, we have 
increased the inventory levels as on 31st March 2026 . This inventory will be used 
in current quarter for the consumption. This will benefit Q1 FY2027 in terms of 
the reduction in cost compared to prevailing commodity prices. 
 
Second, trade receivables stood at Rs. 2,442 crores. Significant portion of 
receivables is associated with telecom debtors and also infrastructure projects 
where billing is based on project milestones and retention amounts held by 
customers. We continue to focus on these milestone-based billings which will 
enable collections to reduce debtor levels and further optimize working capital. 
 
Coming to order book, the total executable order book as on May 25, 2026 stood 
at about Rs.11,338 crores, consisting of energy at Rs. 8,854 crores and telecom & 
ICT at Rs. 2,484 crores. On the manufacturing side, we have operationalized 2.5 
GWh BESS manufacturing plant last year with ~ 80% utilization during the year 
and delivered 178 BESS containers. 
 
Looking forward, we continue to see strong opportunities across, utility-scale 
BESS deployment, renewable energy integration, grid stability infrastructure, 
telecom modernization and OFC deployment. Based on the current execution 
visibility and order book, we maintain  our revenue guidance for FY27 at Rs.3,200 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
to Rs.3,400 crores and for FY28 at Rs. 4,000 crores to Rs. 4,200 crores. This is 
supported by diversified order book that we have in both telecom and energy and 
energy being a major contributor to this order book. The company is well-
positioned for the next phase of strong growth across both telecom and energy. 
 
With this, I end my presentation and open the floor for questions. We are happy to 
hear from you. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Sahil Jinesh Seth from Anand Rathi Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
Hi, congratulations on the great set of numbers. My first question would be, our 
manufacturing capacity commissioning date has been postponed by almost a 
quarter across all our facilities. Is there any bottleneck we are facing in terms of 
commissioning? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
Hi, good morning. Yes, it has been delayed by two months, not a full quarter. The 
primary reason was delay in shipments arising from the conflict in West Asia. 
Shipping lines were  disrupted which affected movement of equipment. The 
equipment has now arrived and it is under installation. As we mentioned earlier, it 
will be operational by July this year. From July, this line will also commence 
production of BESS containers. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
From which country are we importing the manufacturing equipment from? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
It's from China. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
Even from China we facing any shipping challenges due to the Middle East war? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
Yes and I know your point is that problem is on the other side, so why was the 
impact felt in the eastern part of the world? Basically, these liners, when they work, 
let's say they don't just operate only between China to India. To give an example, 
an aircraft may fly from Bangalore to Hyderabad, then from Hyderabad to Delhi 
and from Delhi to Jammu before returning. 
 
If there is a disruption at any point in the supply chain, it impacts entire supply 
chain and the freight network. We almost lost one month due to delays in shipment. 
But now the problem is over, the equipment is already in our factory and under 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
installation. It will be commissioned within June itself and become operational 
from July. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
My second question is many players have announced capacity for BESS assembly, 
the cell-to-pack manufacturing, which will be commissioned in mostly in the later 
half of this year. Are we planning to backward integrate into cell manufacturing to 
keep our market share? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
As you know, we are already in a leading position in cell to pack and pack to 
container manufacturing in India. Point number one, we would like to maintain 
this lead by building further capacity as I mentioned from 2.5 GWh to 5 GWh and 
from 5 GWh to 10 GWh. This capacity expansion happening within next four to 
five months. By October, we will be at 10-GWh. That is a big capacity compared 
to what other people are planning now and we will have our capacity already built 
up by September, whereas others may take some more time. 
 
Point number two, it is not just the manufacturing, it is a complete chain including 
field operations, execution capabilities and business visibility. The open order 
book as we speak, is around 6 GWh . Our products are being deployed in the field 
and they are already working. This itself is a significant learning curve of almost 
one and a half years for us and everybody has to go through this learning curve. 
We will have to maintain that lead and we are already working towards that.  
Point number three, cell manufacturing is very much on the cards. We will be 
coming up soon with an announcement. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
Okay. On the recent China rebate reversal policy which has already decreased from 
9% to 6% and set to expire in the next year. What is our current cell cost we are 
facing and what change are we expecting and how much of would be pass on to 
our realization on the container side? If you can give us in terms of dollar per 
kilowatt hour or any number. 
Rajavendhan P:  
As we mentioned earlier, as part of strategic initiative we have stocked cells at the 
older prices. Yes, you are right, from 1st  April the rates have increased due to 
regulatory changes. The rates have increased by almost 20%. The inventory built 
up as of 31st March has helped us during the current quarter, by reducing the 
consumption cost for this quarter. 
 
But subsequently, we expect prices to moderate and moreover what we have done 
for all our bidding is that we have kept some contingency factors for all these rate 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
increase scenarios, which will take care of our margin protection. We expect that 
prices will start easing from the next quarter onwards. So that's our expectation. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
Sir, can you provide your current realization per container and what would be the 
cell cost out of it? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Cell cost is almost 60% to 65% of the overall container cost.  
M. Venugopal Rao:  
The current container realization is about $82 to $84 per kWh, while cell costs are 
currently elevated levels in the range of $48 to $50 per kWh. Therefore, cell costs 
account for ~ 60% of overall BESS system value.  
We hope commodity prices will come down because we believe that these prices 
are not sustainable.  
However, at least for one quarter, we do not expect much impact because we 
already stocked material at earlier prices. This inventory position provides some 
protection against the recent increase in cell prices. Many industry participants are 
evaluating project timelines in the current environment until there is greater clarity 
on input costs and supply chain conditions. 
 
We are not delaying projects at this moment because we have some stock. 
However, if this situation continues there could be some impact on project 
timelines because the government has also issued a guidelines under which 
projects can be extended by two to four months due to this war. We may evaluate 
the available force majeure provisions, if required. 
Sahil Jinesh Seth:  
Got it sir. Last question, what savings are you seeing due to in-house container 
fabrication plant? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
There are two reasons for this in-house container manufacturing. One, the 
logistical challenges are quite significant. I'll tell you one example. First of all, in 
India the container manufacturing is not there as of now. While some limited-scale 
manufacturing exists, we have not yet found a suitable partner for large-scale 
BESS container manufacturing. We are developing one or two potential partners, 
but that process is taking time. Therefore, at present, most containers are imported. 
 
The cost of the container includes almost 30% of overheads cost incurred to bring 
it to India by sea freight and along with risks relating to handling and transit 
damages. It is more of logistics advantage in addition to the cost. If we manufacture 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
within our factory, we will be able to use it for our own consumption, that 
convenience is very high. In addition to that, we expect overall pricing and 
operating efficiencies to improve by approximately 4% to 5% through in-house 
container fabrication. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanket Sadh from Aarth AIF. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanket Sadh:  
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. My 
first question is, our EBITDA margins in the energy segment are slightly lower 
than EBITDA margins from telecom. And in the previous call, you had given an 
estimate of PAT margin becoming around 11% in FY27. In your view, would those 
margin projections remain intact or are you expecting some dip in margin in FY27 
given our order book is mostly in energy? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes. Your observation is right. Energy EBITDA margins are lower than telecom. 
Across our current order book, the EBITDA margins are comparatively lower than 
the telecom business. With this backdrop, execution of energy orders will increase 
in FY27. The margins you are referring to, whether the PAT margin of 11.4% or 
the EBITDA margin of 17.2%, may reduce slightly as the contribution of energy 
orders to the overall revenue mix increases. 
 
Considering the fact that energy is going to play a significant role to the top line in 
FY2027 we are expecting PAT margins in a range of 10% to 11% for next year. 
Sanket Sadh:  
Okay. And, regarding the receivables which I noticed on the balance sheet which 
was just posted last night, so in the FY26 result, it says that the receivables are Rs. 
1,565 crores. However, when we look at the annual report or the RHP filed by the 
company last year, the receivables are Rs.1,843 crores. It's almost a Rs.300 crores 
difference in receivables. If you could just shed some light on why the difference 
has occurred. 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes, I think you need to see the complete balance sheet. There is one more line 
item where a portion of the receivables has been reclassified as non-current. 
Considering the fact that one of the telecom projects from BSNL has a five-year 
payment schedule the related receivables are recoverable over a longer period, and 
therefore we have classified that portion as non-current. Accordingly, a part of the 
trade receivables has been moved from current to non-current receivables. You can 
see about Rs. 295 crores in the non-current portion. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Sanket Sadh:  
I added the non-current as well as the current portion receivable in the FY2026 
result balance sheet and I believe in the RHP and annual report, there's only one 
line item and that is only in current. Despite that, there's still a difference. If you're 
able to give an answer or maybe I can email you later for this question.  
Rajavendhan P:  
Ok, let me explain. As I stated, we have regrouped a portion of receivables into 
non-current receivables not only for FY2026 but also for the comparative FY2025 
numbers. So, it is about Rs. 295 crores plus Rs. 1,271 crores. These are two line 
items of the trade receivables shown for FY2025 in the balance sheet as 
comparative figures. Accordingly, the receivables have been presented under 
separate current and non-current categories to ensure comparability with the 
FY2026 presentation. 
Sanket Sadh: 
My last question is, as you continue to grow in BESS, are you going to continue 
in the Build-Own-Operate projects via debt funding only? Or are you going to raise 
through any warrants or a fresh round as internal accruals do not look sufficient 
enough to continue funding this expansion? 
Rajavendhan P: 
As we stated in our opening remarks, the strategy for FY27 and FY28 is to increase 
the product business. So wherein the product business in terms of BESS is what 
we are trying for the external customers. 
 
In line with this strategy, out of the four BOO projects we have, the first three are 
already funded either through the IPO funds or the internal accruals. The fourth 
project is being funded through external resources. With this, we are not stepping 
into further BOO projects unless we have some external investment in place. 
Currently we don't have that plan, so the FY27-FY28 we want to concentrate more 
on the product business in terms of selling it to the outside market. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Shreeya Kamble from 
Elios Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Shreeya Kamble: 
Hi Sir, I wanted to ask as it was mentioned about the changes in accounting policies 
that were going to happen in Lineage Power, your subsidiary. Are they being 
changed keeping in mind the changes in Ind AS? 
Rajavendhan P: 
Lineage Power is a manufacturing entity and it is manufacturing BESS. We don't 
have any accounting policy change in the Lineage Power. What happens is that 
Lineage Power manufactures BESS products which either sell its products to 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
parent company which is Pace Digitek or to the external market. That's the only 
difference, otherwise there is no major change in accounting policy. 
Shreeya Kamble: 
Also sir, since the manufacturing facility is more of assembly, are you immune to 
whatever technology changes happen, right? 
M. Venugopal Rao: 
Yes, as of now we are technology-immune in the sense that we buy the cell as a 
input and we convert them into a product. Currently, LFP is the most widely 
adopted technology and that is what we are using. 
 
Having said that, our internal R&D teams continuously evaluate the latest 
technologies being developed globally and we will continue to adopt the most 
suitable technologies until we commence manufacturing our own cells. But yes, as 
of now technology is not going to impact our business because we buy the cell as 
input for our products. 
Shreeya Kamble: 
Also, the revenue guidance that you've given of Rs.3,200 to Rs. 3,400 crores for 
FY27, is it a net of intra-company transactions? 
Rajavendhan P: 
Yes, the top line that we report is always net of all the inter-company transactions. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes, thank you very much sir for this opportunity. I just wanted to understand the 
execution of Rs. 3,200 to Rs. 3,400 and next year around Rs. 4,000 to Rs. 4,200. 
How much is contribution from BOO coming through? 
Rajavendhan P:  
In FY27, we expect around 20% to 25% has to come from the BOO project. 
Deepak Poddar: 
That is about Rs. 800 to Rs. 1,000 crores. And what about FY28? 
Rajavendhan P:  
For the FY28 the BOO project may give another Rs.1,000 crores. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay. And how are we accounting for it because this BOO project are being 
executed through subsidiaries, right? How are we accounting this, can you just 
briefly explain? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes, it is based on the project structure. For the current MSEDCL project we are 
executing, we follow the dealer-lessor model as per Ind AS standards. Under this 
model, the project has been classified under lease accounting, where revenue and 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
the related receivable are recognized. Therefore, it differs from project to project 
based on its structure. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kaushal Sharma from Equinox 
Capital Venture Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kaushal Sharma: 
My question on your working capital side. In FY2026, working capital seems to 
be stretched out because of the receivables significantly increased. Our revenue 
from operations increased 8.3% YoY but receivable has grown 56% YoY. And 
same side the payable has also grown 77% YoY. What is the reason of increasing 
the working capital or the receivable side? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes sir. There are two points to note as I explained. First, the inventory has been 
built up as a strategic measure considering the increase in commodity prices and 
foreign exchange rates. We have specifically built up this inventory for Q1 
consumption.  
 
Second, on the receivables side, in FY2026 the sales were concentrated in Q4. In 
Q4, we have recorded sales of Rs. 1,097 crores. Normally, for projects where 
revenue is booked, the receivable comes over a span of 90 to 120 days.  Therefore, 
a significant portion of the Q4 sales is reflected in receivables. 
 
Another point is that creditor have also increased. What we normally do is try to 
match the debtors and creditors. If you see the numbers, the net of debtors and 
creditors is about Rs. 650 crores with a 90-day cycle, so that is the relevant metric 
to consider. 
 
What we normally do is maintain creditors with extended usance periods based on 
the projects we execute and the customer milestone schedules. We also operate on 
a B2B model wherein most of our customers are government-based customers with 
milestone-based payment mechanisms. 
 
These factors account for the increase in receivables. Further, as on today, we have 
already collected about Rs. 300 crores relating to Q4 sales. Between April and 
May, we have collected Rs. 300 crores and receivables are expected to ease further 
by September 2026. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Kaushal Sharma: 
Got it sir. And my question is on your BOO model, where we are having 50% 
BOO projects. Could you please explain the unit economics taking the Telangana 
projects into consideration, what is overall capex net of VGF and the debt-equity 
mix, IRR, EBITDA per MW hour and other unit economics, so that I could 
understand the BOO model? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Sure. I'll take a live example of the MSEDCL project in Maharashtra. The overall 
cost of the project is about Rs.1.3 crores to Rs.1.35 crores per MWh. This includes 
a GST portion of about Rs. 0.2 crores. Excluding the GST component, the net cost 
is about Rs. 1.2 crores per MWh. 
 
This Rs. 1.2 crores again includes the VGF. In other words, a part of the project 
cost is offset through VGF from the government of about Rs. 27 lakhs per MWh.  
After adjusting for the VGF support, the net cost reduces from Rs. 1.2 crores to 
Rs. 93 lakhs. Rs.93 lakhs is the net cost per MWh, net of GST and VGF funding. 
 
This Rs.93 lakhs per MW hour mostly consists of the battery storage system as a 
material cost. The government pays us in terms of rupees per MW, not MWh. For 
example, if this is a project for about 1,500 MWh, the revenue will be based on 
750 MW. In terms of MW capacity, the government pays us Rs. 2,19,000 per MW 
per month.  
Kaushal Sharma: 
And what is IRR in this project? 
Rajavendhan P: 
At SPV level, IRR will be about 12% to 13%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Paras Chheda from Purpleone Vertex 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Paras Chheda: 
Out of the current outstanding receivables that we have, what proportion is already 
billed versus milestone linked that is outstanding versus retention money? 
Rajavendhan P: 
Out of the total outstanding, we have ~ 5% retention money. 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay. What is the split between billed receivables and milestone-based 
receivables? 
Rajavendhan P: 
The milestone-based outstanding which is yet to be billed is about Rs. 900 crores, 
which will be billed over a period of next 3-5 years' time based on project 
milestones and the related billing schedule. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Paras Chheda: 
Okay, understood so under the BOO project you mean to say? 
Rajavendhan P:  
No, this is for the telecom project. We have a milestone-based billing under which 
every year, over the next five years, we will bill around Rs.150 to Rs.175 crores. 
Paras Chheda: 
Understood sir. When do we expect the cash flow from operations to turn positive? 
Rajavendhan P:  
The cash flow from operations in this financial year was impacted by inventory 
built up plus increase in receivables. We expect this to ease out by September 2026 
because, as I explained significantly higher sales were recorded in Q4 FY2026, 
which resulted in higher receivables. We expect this to normalize by September 
2026. 
 
For this financial year, we are focused on ensuring the top line is more evenly 
distributed quarter-on-quarter instead of being concentrated in Q4. Last financial 
year, what has happened is that the order book available with us started execution 
in Q3, which resulted in a significant portion of sales being recognized in Q4. This 
is expected to normalize during the current year because at the beginning of the 
year we have an order book under which we have already commenced execution 
for a few projects in this quarter. 
Moderator:  
Can we therefore expect FY28 to be CFO positive? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhagwat from Prosperity Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Bhagwat: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on the strong quarterly results. My 
question is regarding the revenue guidance provided for FY28. Post 
commissioning of the ongoing capex, the total base capacity for FY28 would be 
10-GWh. Assuming 5-GWh utilization for this capacity for BESS EPC 
manufacturing, the potential revenue from the BESS EPC segment itself could be 
around Rs. 6,000 crores considering Rs.1,200 crores per GWh. 
 
In addition to this, if we include revenue from telecom and BESS BOO segment, 
the overall revenue guidance of Rs. 4,200 crores seems quite conservative. Could 
you please comment on this please? 
Rajavendhan P: 
Your observation is correct. Mostly, we will not operate at 100% utilization but at 
75% to 80%. Further BOO and other EPC projects currently account for 5.32 GWh 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
which are to be executed. Accordingly, the revenue realization would be different 
from project to project. 
 
We expect that the other projects will have a fixed asset accounting model rather 
than the lease accounting model. For this and the next financial year, majority of 
the BESS manufacturing will go to these BOO projects and 50% to 60% is 
expected to be allocated to the direct product business or the EPC business. That 
is how we have arrived at this guidance of Rs. 4,000 crores for FY28. This would 
change based on the composition of orders that we execute. 
Bhagwat: 
Okay. In the presentation it's mentioned 2.72 GWh, but you mentioned 6 GWh. 
M. Venugopal Rao: 
Total overall order book stands at 5.32 GWh and out of that, 2.72 GWh is for the 
BOO. Out of these four BOO projects, two of them are the solar plus BESS where 
it is energy selling business, whereas the projects we are executing like MSEDCL 
and KPTCL follow a lease model. 
 
Solar plus BESS projects are different because revenue is generated from the sale 
of energy. Therefore, project capex will not be counted as revenue. If we put 
everything together, numbers are a bit conservative, but it is quite possible that we 
will achieve this or even exceed it. 
Bhagwat: 
Okay. For FY27, I think the previous comment was Rs. 800 crores top line and 
next year another Rs. 1,000 crores, is that what I have listened? So, on PAT level 
what the contribution it would be from the BOO segment for these two years? 
Rajavendhan P:  
The 5.32 GWh that I referred to comprises BOO plus EPC. For BOO it is about 
2.72 GWh, out of which the first project form MSEDCL is expected to generate 
revenue of about Rs. 1,000 crores in the current financial year. 
Bhagwat: 
Okay. And at the PAT level if you could comment on what it contributes for the 
BOO segment? 
Rajavendhan P:  
At the PAT level for the BOO segment, as an overall business, we are trying to 
maintain PAT margin of around 10%. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shrinatha Panduranga, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Shrinatha Panduranga: Yes, thank you. So, congratulations for the great set of numbers. In the initial 
remark, you have mentioned regarding Kavach project solutions. Can you throw 
more light on it? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes sir. These projects come under our Telecom & ICT vertical. Kavach project is 
a government initiative for the Railway sector. There are two different areas of this 
Kavach project; one is the core signaling equipment; second is the infrastructure 
for the Kavach. We are focused on the infrastructure segment of the Kavach 
project, where we provide network infrastructure solutions. 
 
Till now, we have bid for a couple of projects and we will continue bidding for 
further projects. Various Railway divisions are coming up with these projects in 
smaller project sizes ranging between Rs.100 and Rs. 250 crores. The tenders are 
floated for specific corridors, for example Mumbai to Ahmedabad or Chennai to 
Bangalore.  
We are participating in these tenders because we are in the telecom segment and 
have expertise in tower infrastructure and optical fiber deployment. 
Shrinatha Panduranga: Yes. Currently we have 2.5 GWh of 80% capacity and when we have 10 GWh by 
October, by when do you expect utilization to reach ~80%? 
Rajavendhan P:  
By end of the full financial year. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from PL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Hi, thank you for giving me an opportunity. My first question is related to your 
order book related to energy. Can you give the timeline and second, the revenue 
recognition for different segments like solar plus BESS, standalone BESS and 
solar EPC? 
Rajavendhan P:  
The energy order book stands at Rs. 8,854 crores and it includes both BOO and 
EPC projects.  
For standalone BESS EPC projects, the execution timeline is approx. 1.5 to 2 
years, whereas for solar plus BESS mix project, it would range between 1.5 to 2.5 
years. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
In terms of the BOO projects, if it is a standalone BESS, execution timeline is 
approximately one and a half years and if it is a solar plus BESS project, it can 
range between two to three years.  
In terms of accounting, standalone BESS projects typically qualify for lease 
accounting, whereas solar plus BESS projects are generally accounted for under 
the fixed asset accounting model. The accounting treatment differs from project to 
project depending on the structure of the agreement with the customer. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Second question is just a clarification regarding the earlier discussion related 
to the receivable of FY2025. As per the Q4 and full year FY2026 filing, there is a 
difference. Even after considering both current and non-current receivables 
together, there is still a gap of Rs. 399 crores. Can you give a clarification where 
this amount accounted for in FY2025? 
Rajavendhan P:  
I am not seeing any difference. The amount has been regrouped between current 
and non-current. If you can email it across to me separately, I can clarify this. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Aaditya Sharma from 
Holani Venture Capital Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aaditya Sharma: 
Hello sir, first of all congratulations for the excellent set of numbers. My question 
is that your BESS business is going well. Apart from this, does the company plan 
to expand into other areas like data center, EV charging? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
Hi, good afternoon. Yes, data centers are focus area for us because most data 
centers, particularly AI data centers are looking for green energy on a round the 
clock (RTC) basis. Our teams are currently working on understanding their power 
configurations and requirements, and we are developing solutions for this segment.  
As for charging stations, since this is primarily a retail-oriented market, we are 
more focused on the industrial sector. Therefore, EV charging infrastructure is not 
a focus area for us at this point in time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yash Jain from NVS Brokerage. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Jain: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I just had two quick questions. First, 
regarding the NEC XON partnership that Pace Digitek has, which provides Pace 
Digitek exclusive OEM access across African markets. Can you share the 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
addressable BESS demand across these African markets and what revenue 
contribution do you expect from this channel in FY27 and FY28, if any? 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
Yes, the NEC is group originally from Japan and they have a very good setup in 
Africa and they have strong in-roads in terms of power infrastructure. After almost 
six months of deliberations, they have signed an exclusive agreement with us for 
some regions in Africa. 
 
They already have some projects for which they are trying to find a financial 
closure. Once that happens, the order should come. In Africa, addressable market 
is primarily in grid-scale BESS. The grid is also very unstable in most African 
countries and the power availability is very low. Therefore, there is a big 
opportunity in terms of green energy coupled with BESS. 
 
For FY27 and FY28, we expect approximately 300 to 500 MWh of orders, starting 
from FY27. We have already identified two to three potential projects, and the 
teams are actively working on them. Achieving 300 to 500 MWh of orders in FY27 
appears achievable. In FY28, we may grow by a further 20% to 25% over FY27 
levels.  
Moderator:  
We will take our next question from the line of Kartik Mittal, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Kartik Mittal: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers. My first question on BOO projects at 
the SPV level, where you mentioned project level IRRs are 12% to 13%. I wanted 
to know what is the transaction structuring where holding company provides EPC 
services and books EPC profits and then the subsidiary company books the BOO 
revenues. Is there any other profit pool or value capture mechanism at the holding 
company level as well? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes, you are right. Pace Digitek as the parent company will undertake the EPC 
execution of the project for the subsidiary which is the SPV. At the SPV level, the 
project IRR is about 12% to 13%. There will also be a margin for the EPC. 
 
 What we are trying to say is that, on an arm's length basis, if the same project were 
being executed by another SPV developer, the EPC contract would typically be 
awarded to an independent third-party contractor. Accordingly, whatever price a 
third party would charge to SPV, same pricing principle is adopted here as well.  

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
The strength of the company lies in backward integration of project execution. We 
do not have a subcontractors involved in the project execution. 
Kartik Mittal: 
Good, but doesn't it account for extra taxation on the profits you're booking within 
the consolidated entity? 
Rajavendhan P:  
Sir, this is required on an arm's length basis. As I mentioned earlier, if the EPC 
work for a similar project were awarded to an independent contractor, the SPV 
would incur a comparable EPC cost. Therefore, the same arm's length pricing 
principle is followed in our case as well. Only because we have the capabilities, 
we are doing this at the parent company level. Yes, the additional margin does 
attract additional tax. These are standard market practices. 
Kartik Mittal: 
Yes, good. Just one more question. You said that currently we have a first-mover 
advantage in the BESS market, but other players are also ramping up their 
capacities. One year from now, what will be our right to win projects? Is it L1 
bidding or large-scale execution capability or something else? 
M. Venugopal Rao: 
The BESS business is a complete ecosystem and not just manufacturing. If 
somebody puts up a plant, it does not mean that they will automatically get the 
business.  
There are two sets of customers we have; one is the government business. Yes, in 
the government business you have to bid and win as L1. That is one route to 
market. However, in the private business, customers look at manufacturing 
capabilities, field operations, support availability in India, and technical 
knowledge and know-how. All of these factors are important. 
 
For example, our first customer other than our own internal consumption is L&T. 
Earlier L&T was buying from China. They have awarded us an order of 250 MWh 
in January after completing their evaluation and validation process. 
 
It is a complete ecosystem, not just BESS manufacturing. It also involves PCS and 
EMS as well. First of all, we are supplying a solution, not just a product. We have 
around 200 engineers who are supporting field operations. This is also very 
important because the battery systems don't work in the field on their own. There 
is a lot management required, where we have an upper hand. 

Pace Digitek Limited 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
We have built a Network Operating Center and we are monitoring our plants 
remotely. The entire operation is managed online, with no manual intervention. 
These are the things that customers also look at.  
For example, our first project was commissioned in September last year, so that 
also serves as a credential that our products have been working in the field for 
more than a year. That also gives confidence to customers when they make 
business decisions. We believe that we would have that upper hand. Yes, 
competition will grow because demand is also growing. But yes, we will have our 
own share of the market. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Rajavendhan P:  
Yes, so we have delivered strong FY26 and are entering FY27 with a good order 
book. So, we are confident that with the order book and execution visibility we 
have, the growth and topline targets we have projected will be achieved. 
 
With this, I thank all investors who have attended this call and participated through 
their questions. We hope we have answered them satisfactorily. If there are any 
further questions, you can reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you 
very much. 
M. Venugopal Rao:  
Thank you very much everyone. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
***end*** 
