 
 
                
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3rd June, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street,  
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400 001.  
 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 544443 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: TRAVELFOOD 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Earning Call Transcript – Q4 FY2025-26 Audited Financial Results   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings/conference call hosted 
by the Company on May 26, 2026, post declaration of Audited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026.   
 
The above information is also being uploaded on the website of the Company- 
www.travelfoodservices.com. 
 
This is for your information and records.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours truly, 
For Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
 
Neeta Arvind Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
NEETA 
ARVIND SINGH
Digitally signed by 
NEETA ARVIND SINGH 
Date: 2026.06.03 
12:34:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Travel Food Services Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 26, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VARUN KAPUR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TRAVEL FOOD 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS VINOD KAPOOR – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – TRAVEL 
FOOD SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MS. CHHAVI AGARWAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
TRAVEL FOOD SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Travel Food Services Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
A wonderful good afternoon to everyone. Representing ICICI Securities, it's our absolute 
pleasure to host the management of Travel Food Services Limited, once again for the results 
call. This time it's the Q4 FY26. Without much ado, over to Chhavi from the management for 
the detailed introduction of the management team and beyond the call. Thank you. 
Chhavi Agarwal: 
Thank you, Manoj, and good afternoon, everyone. This is Chhavi Agarwal, Investor Relations 
at Travel Food Services Limited. Welcome and thank you for joining us on the Travel Food 
Services Limited earnings conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended March 31, 
2026. I have with me, Mr. Varun Kapur, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Vikas Vinod Kapoor, 
Whole-Time Director and CFO of TFS, to discuss the operational and financial performance for 
the fourth quarter and for the full year and address the question-and-answer session. We will be 
referring to the earnings presentation, press release, and the financial results uploaded on the 
stock exchanges.  
                                                Before we proceed, here is a disclaimer to the call. A few statements by the company 
management in the call can be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. We now will be starting the call, and 
I would like to hand over to Mr. Varun Kapur for opening remarks. Thank you. 
Varun Kapur: 
Thank you, Chhavi. And thank you, Manoj, for the introduction. So good afternoon, ladies and 
gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for today's earnings call. We hope you had the 
opportunity to go through our Q4 and full year results and the presentation that was released 
yesterday. 
 
FY26 has been a defining year for us. Not only as our first full year as a listed company, but at 
the same time, being one that has been marked by multiple disruptions, ranging from war-like 
events to airline-related challenges, which tested the resilience and adaptability of our business 
in a dynamic operating environment. As I talk about the fourth quarter and the full year, I would 
frame our performance across three dimensions. First, the evolving industry backdrop. Second, 
our operating performance, and third, how we are positioning the business to capture the next 
phase of growth. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Let me begin with the industry environment for the quarter and the year. Passenger traffic in the 
fourth quarter saw a continuation of trends observed through the year, a sector that remains 
structurally strong but with some near-term volatility.  
                                                The quarter opened with encouraging momentum supported by seasonally strong travel demand. 
However, growth moderated following the escalation of the Middle East conflict in early March, 
which weighed on international travel sentiments and impacted Gulf-bound routes and NRI 
travel. As a result, passenger traffic across our network airports was broadly flat year-on-year, 
during the quarter. 
 
It is apparent to all that the Indian aviation sector has faced multiple challenges during the 
financial year. It started with the India-Pakistan geopolitical conflict in May 2025, which caused 
temporary air traffic disruptions at the outset of the financial year. The second quarter was then 
impacted by reduced flight schedules due to maintenance and safety reasons, following the 
unfortunate aircraft crash in June of last year. 
 
In December 2025, airline-related operational disruptions arising from the implementation of 
FDTL Crew Rest Regulations temporarily curtailed the capacity at India's largest carrier. And 
in the last quarter, traffic growth was impacted, as we all saw, by the ongoing Middle East 
conflict. 
 
Due to these reasons, passenger traffic at TFS managed airports saw a muted growth of 1.2% 
year-on-year for the full year FY26. That said, we observed that passenger volumes recovered 
quickly following each disruption, reinforcing our view that underlying demand remains strong. 
Structural drivers which include low penetration of air travel, rising disposable incomes, 
expansion of airport infrastructure, and increasing propensity for travel, continue to support 
long-term growth in the sector. 
 
During the periods of disruption that I spoke about earlier, we were able to maintain operational 
continuity supported by our agility and disciplined execution. This same operational resilience 
continued during the conflict situation in the last quarter. We reduced our reliance on gas 
wherever applicable, menus were re-engineered to prioritize centrally supplied items, reduced 
on-site cooking load, and raw material stocking was monitored closely to avoid stock-out 
situations. Our centralized operating model, strong supply chain capabilities, and scalable 
platform have enabled us to respond effectively to such situations at airports. 
 
Moving to our performance. Despite these sectoral headwinds, TFS has delivered a strong and 
resilient performance for the full year. A key highlight of the year has been the continued 
expansion of our system-wide footprint. We have strengthened our presence across airports, 
growing our network to now 20 of them. We have opened outlets at newly entered airports like 
Cochin and Navi Mumbai, as well as further strengthened our position in existing key airport 
hubs. During the year, we operationalized new outlets across Terminal 1 and 2 of Delhi Airport, 
which meaningfully enhances our presence across all terminals at one of India's most strategic 
aviation hubs. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
In terms of network, our system-wide presence now exceeds 550 travel QSR outlets and 
lounges. This expansion has been driven by the successful mobilization of 76 travel QSR units 
in FY26 across airports, including Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Cochin, and Navi Mumbai. 
And on the lounge front, we've opened a lounge in Cochin and we opened a new lounge, Kyra 
Lounge, at the Hong Kong International Airport in partnership with SSP and Airport 
Dimensions. This marks an important milestone in our international lounge journey and 
highlights our ability to deliver premium lounge experiences in international environments. 
 
Alongside network expansion, we have continuously focused on premiumization and curation 
of our offerings to enhance the passenger experience. Our brand portfolio has expanded 
meaningfully and now spans over 145 brands with a wide mix of global, regional, and in-house 
brands. During the year, we added several well-recognized international brand partnerships such 
as Gordon Ramsay, Nando's, and Wagamama, which have further strengthened our premium 
positioning across key airports. At the same time, our in-house brands like idli.com, Cafeccino, 
and Delhi Street, to name a few, and regional brand partners like Sri Krishna Sweets and 
Bikanervala continue to play an important role in driving localization and relevance across 
different geographies. 
 
A key area of focus for us has been curating differentiated food and beverage experiences for 
passengers. This includes introducing regionally inspired menus, premium dining formats, and 
experiential offerings across both travel QSR and lounges. At our travel QSR outlets, we 
introduced specialized breakfast, regional menus, innovative beverages, such as Signature Filter 
Coffee and Boba Tea, value-led combo offers to cater to evolving customer preferences. Within 
lounges, we have enhanced customer engagement through seasonal activations and thematic 
offerings, including festival-led menus and experiential formats. These help drive higher dwell 
times and increase the frequency of visits. During the year, initiatives such as culinary 
masterclass with Master Chefs and food festivals like ‘Swad-e-Watan’ have seen strong 
customer engagement and participation.  
                                               Further, we continue to make steady progress on upcoming opportunities. With Noida Airport 
on track for commencement of operations in the coming months, and this continues to 
strengthen our committed pipeline and visibility for further growth. 
 
On the technology front, we continue to make steady progress in our journey towards becoming 
a tech-enabled travel hospitality company. FY26 has been a landmark year in this regard with 
the launch of our EATS platform, enabling direct banks-to-lounge access as an integrated 
service. The platform has been stabilizing well and we are encouraged by the response. 
 
Our EATS platform remains a key enabler, enhancing customer access, improving convenience, 
and supporting our ability to drive higher engagement and monetization. As we look ahead, we 
are also working on the addition of ancillary services on the platform to further deepen customer 
engagement and unlock incremental revenue opportunities. 
 
Our financial performance also reflects our strong and disciplined execution. For the fourth 
quarter, our system-wide sales grew by 27.7% year-on-year, and consolidated PAT grew by 
15.1% year-on-year. Similarly, for the full year, system-wide sales grew strongly by 25.4% 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 5 of 20 
 
year-on-year to INR32 billion, and adjusted consolidated PAT grew by 21.5% year-on-year to 
INR4.5 billion. This was achieved against the backdrop of a year that saw just about 1% 
passenger traffic growth across airports, therefore clearly showcasing the strength of our 
commercial model. 
 
I would also like to highlight the importance of our people. We have continued to invest in 
building a strong organizational culture, focused on performance, collaboration, and customer 
excellence. We have been recognized as The Most Admired Retailer of The Year 2025, for 
Employee Practices at the MAPIC Awards, and have been certified as a Great Place to Work 
for the second consecutive year. These achievements showcase the strength of our people 
practices and our continued commitment to building a high-performance organization. 
 
Looking ahead, the near-term macro environment is likely to remain dynamic, driven by 
external factors such as geopolitical developments, airline capacity changes, and input cost 
pressures, which can impact passenger traffic. We are closely monitoring these developments 
and have the action plans and clearly the experience, to execute efficiently to navigate the 
evolving landscape effectively. 
 
At the same time, I remain very confident in the long-term growth trajectory of the Indian 
aviation industry, and our focus will be on capturing the opportunity as we navigate any short-
term disruptions. We will continue the mobilization of our committed pipeline across new 
airports and terminals. Further, based on our initial success in Malaysia and Hong Kong, we are 
actively working towards expanding our international footprint through new lounge 
opportunities as well. The company is also exploring wayside amenity opportunities at access-
controlled expressways, a segment backed by strong government intent and investment plans in 
the medium-term.  
                                               With that, I would like to thank all our stakeholders for their continued support.  I 
will 
now 
hand over the call to our CFO, Vikas Kapoor, who will walk you through our financial 
performance in more detail. 
Vikas Kapoor: 
Thank you, Varun, and good afternoon, everyone. I will now discuss in detail the financial 
performance for the fourth quarter and the full year.  
                                               For the fourth quarter, system-wide sales reached INR9 billion, registering a growth of 27.7% 
year-on-year. This growth has been supported by like-for-like growth of 6.1% year-on-year and 
net contract gains of 17.3% year-on-year in the quarter. Like-for-like growth reflects the 
continued impact of our focused initiatives around menu engineering, premiumization, and 
customer-led innovation, which has helped drive higher throughput and sales. Net contract gains 
is driven by mobilization of new units across key airports. At a consolidated level also, revenue 
grew to INR4.6 billion, up 25.7% year-on-year, driven by like-for-like growth of 9.4% and net 
contract gains of 21.3%. 
 
Gross profit margin increased to 87.3% compared to 83.0% in the same period last year. This 
improvement was led by strong sales growth, higher contribution from value-led combos, and 
procurement efficiencies. In addition, there was a one time reclassification of INR78 million 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 6 of 20 
 
cost of services from cost of goods sold to other expenses. Adjusting for that impact, gross profit 
for Q4 would have been 85.6%. Correspondingly, other expenses increased to 33.6% of sales, 
primarily on account of lounge aggregation business-related service costs now being shown in 
this line item. Moving to operating profit for the quarter, EBITDA increased by 38.3%, 
benefiting from lower manpower costs and flow-through of higher gross profit.  
                                                Now, if you look at the bridge from EBITDA to PAT for the quarter, the following factors need 
to be considered. A one-time provision has been created for litigation-related matters on a 
prudent and a conservative basis, though we believe our position on these matters remains 
strong. Share of profit from JV and associates declined year-on-year, primarily due to a higher 
base in one of the JVs, where there was a higher deferred tax reversal in Q4 of last year, which 
we had also highlighted in our Q1 FY26 call. Hence, overall, PAT grew to INR1.2 billion, 
registering a growth of around 15% year-on-year. 
 
Moving to full year performance. FY26 has been a strong year of growth and execution, despite 
being characterized as a year with passenger disruption. Before I go into the detailed numbers, 
I would like to briefly touch upon the accounting treatment relating to our JV entity, Semolina 
Kitchens. This entity was consolidated in our financials until October 14, 2024, and was 
subsequently deconsolidated. Accordingly, to ensure a like-for-like comparison and consistency 
in performance evaluation, FY25 numbers have been adjusted to exclude the impact of 
Semolina Kitchens. The details of these adjustments are provided in the investor presentation. 
 
System-wide sales for FY26 reached INR32.1 billion, registering a 25.4% year-on-year 
increase. Like-for-like sales growth stood at 9.4%, supported by strong execution across 
markets, while net contract gains were 13.1%, driven by network expansion across key airports. 
At a consolidated level, revenue from operations grew to INR16.5 billion, representing a 13.9% 
year-on-year growth on an adjusted basis, driven by a like-for-like sales growth of 6.3% and net 
contract gains of 8.8%. 
 
In terms of revenue mix, our business continues to remain well balanced across both travel QSR 
and lounges. This balanced growth shows the strength of our integrated platform, with travel 
QSR benefiting from throughput and menu-led initiatives, and lounges benefiting from 
premiumization and higher dwell times at airports. Travel QSR forms nearly 55% of the 
consolidated revenues, and lounges form 41%, with 4% being contributed by management and 
other services. 
 
In terms of profitability, we have seen margin expansion supported by operating leverage, scale 
efficiencies, and disciplined cost management. For full year, gross margins improved to 84.7% 
compared to 81.7% last year. Employee costs remained well controlled, reflecting productivity 
gains and operating leverage from scale-up across locations. Consequently, EBITDA was 
INR6.5 billion in FY26, an increase of 21.3% year-on-year.  
                                                Profit after tax for FY26 was INR4.5 billion, reflecting a strong growth of 21.4% year-on-year, 
driven by revenue growth, margin expansion, disciplined cost management, and higher 
contribution from joint ventures due to faster mobilization of units in the JV. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
As of March '26, trade receivables are higher by around INR1 billion, due to the initial ramp-
up of our EATS business, which we are seeing to normalize by end of H1 of current year. Our 
balance sheet continues to remain strong. We remain a zero-debt company with a healthy cash 
and investment position of approximately INR8.4 billion, as of March 31, 2026, providing us 
with significant financial flexibility to invest in growth opportunities and support long-term 
value creation. 
 
Overall, FY26 reflects a year of strong growth, margin expansion, and disciplined execution, 
despite multiple short-lived disruptions, highlighting the resilience of our business model. 
Company is happy to announce an annual dividend of 10.25 per share for FY26, subject to 
shareholder approval. 
 
Looking ahead, as Varun mentioned, while the near-term environment may remain dynamic, 
we remain confident in the structural growth drivers of the aviation sector as has been proven 
time and again, and in our ability to continue executing on our growth pipeline. We remain 
focused on maintaining this momentum through continued scale-up, operational efficiency, and 
prudent financial management. 
 
With that, I will hand it back to the operator for Q&A session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes 
from the line of Achal Kumar with HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question, I just want to understand, how do you see the 
first quarter and especially given the fact that the last year's first quarter was impacted by India-
Pakistan, and we are already in mid of May, what kind of indication are you getting or you can 
share, in terms of trading in the first quarter, please? 
Varun Kapur: 
Hi, Aachal. Varun here. Thanks for your question. So, in terms of where we are seeing it, I can 
maybe talk a bit back and give a sense of how it's looking at right now. So, where we saw it 
kind of the year start-off and I think the calendar year, which is our last quarter of the financial 
year, January actually was quite strong as one would have seen anecdotally at airports and even 
in our numbers we were seeing that. 
 
February, I would say, started off a bit strong, but because of the last few days showed a muted 
growth. And I think obviously, the war effects hit off in March, so we saw March, a dip come 
largely fuelled by a drop in international traffic. That continued to April. April probably was 
actually slightly worse off than March, probably similar to as you said for May, April was a 
strong year last year, so we saw year-on-year across airports a bit of a depressed growth. 
 
Now May, we’re in early, I think we're in the month of May, but early to get the traffic data out, 
because that comes a bit later. But the signs are May is showing improving trends in passenger 
traffic. A, obviously from a base of last year, it's showing much better, but I think even just from 
a trend versus what we saw in March and April, there seems to be a clear improvement in trends 
playing out in May. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. And in terms of full year FY27, what sort of inorganic growth you think you could 
achieve? And do you see any risk from the political changes in West Bengal in case the Kolkata 
Airport goes to Adani? What kind of risk do you see from there? 
Varun Kapur: 
So, I can maybe talk in two parts. First part, I think for this financial year, see while we don't 
particularly talk on the numbers, but I think what will be relevant for you to look at is normally 
the most important indicator for us as it has been, I think it’s been quite clear for one looking at 
the stock over period is passenger traffic. Obviously, our commercial model success is the fact 
that, in spite of traffic being weak, we deliver delta in terms of performance. 
 
But in terms of passenger performance, last year was, leave aside the year of COVID, which I 
think was an exception, but last year, probably in the last decade, was a year of unexpected 
multiple short-term disruptions. Therefore, traffic was just about a little more than 1% for the 
whole year, which is very rare, right. It used to be 8% to 9% levels historically, as the annual 
passenger traffic growth. 
                                                I think the first quarter obviously of this year is continued to be affected by the war-like 
situation. But with the bounce back expected in the year, and expected to get back to normalcy, 
one can probably expect somewhere, I think whatever you read in the public forums, and in 
reports is generally the expectation of recent is FY27, maybe a 5% passenger traffic kind of a 
level is what's anticipated. I think that's again a lot of these things you essentially see as time 
passes. 
 
In terms of your second question, I think so the government obviously announces privatization 
of airports, and it's obviously a national subject. So, in that sense, there is a clear pipeline of 
privatization. It is normally announced well in advance and then these things move towards 
fruition. 
 
So, I think obviously, post-COVID, that pipeline was announced. There are currently 11 airports 
that had been called out much earlier for privatization. The government I think has reinforced 
that number as well, and the name of airports, and these airports have been combined together. 
So I don’t believe that has changed and probably, I don't think Kolkata for example being added 
in or anything or any changes at a state level currently may change that privatization schedule, 
at least what's public in terms of information that we've seen around it. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. And then my final question is around the pricing environment at the airport QSRs and 
business lounges, especially given the fact that energy prices are escalated or increased. So, you 
guys are able to pass on that pressure to the customers, or do you see that could actually have 
an impact on your profit margins? 
Varun Kapur: 
One thing just to make note, one is obviously input cost pressures generally are there, but if you 
see particularly our industry, as a starting point, a large part of our real estate in any event is on 
electric equipment by nature of being in airports. So that’s a nuance of our business is very 
different to many other F&B players, that natural hedge is just there in this time. But aside from 
that, the inflationary pressures on the ground on food have not played out as significantly, 
probably I’m guessing as some other parts of the economy may have mentioned out. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
So there are elements playing out in food in terms of inflation until now, I think whatever we 
read, I think has been around the 3% to 5% mark in April. So, we’ve been able to manage that 
quite effectively. Plus, I think that much you pass on to consumers in the way we are operating, 
it is an environment where we take price hikes in line with inflation. But currently we’re not 
seeing anything dramatic on food inflation playing out.  
                                                And also, our supply relationships tend to be anchored in annual contracts for many of our key 
products. These are larger suppliers. And therefore, on their side as well, I'm sure they hedge 
and all play out when they do with large players like us, annual contracts. So, we've made our 
business model quite robust, in terms of how we deal with these year-on-year, irrespective 
whatever the underlying reason is. But I think our business model itself, our commercial model 
is quite robust in dealing with these situations. 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay, perfect. Thank you so much. I'll come back in the queue. 
Varun Kapur: 
Thanks, Achal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Akshay Krishnan with ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is on the airport side. Now we've been seeing 
that the airport is actually getting sophisticated, with a lot of F&B standards, also the lounge 
operations have been growing up, because you have the aspect of more international brands 
that's coming in. So, the part of the question is, are we seeing the airport operators retaining the 
higher concession fee? And how should we think over the long-term sustainability of the TFS 
economics in this? 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes. Thanks, Akshay for the question. I mean this has been a trend throughout. Obviously, 
what's generally changing and accelerating in a country that’s fast growing like ours, is per 
capita income is rising, people wanting to travel, people wanting to experience. So therefore, 
undoubtedly, F&B, I think that's a general trend even on the high street, people are spending 
more money towards experiences, F&B dining, premiumization, very much obviously, playing 
out to a much greater degree in airports. 
 
So the first part of what you said very true, we are getting the brands I mentioned earlier when 
I was giving my initial intro, I spoke about some brands, Nando's, Wagamama, Gordon Ramsay, 
considered world's most famous chef, those brands coming to India, opening first in airports, 
like a Gordon Ramsay came with first store there in airport. That's opening up experiences for 
customers and Indian consumers are excited by, they understand these brands. And yes, there's 
a good amount of spend going there.  
                                                At the same time, the point on concession fee, that's a normal exercise. That comes up whenever 
there's a – I don't think there's anything changing there. These are constant rental discussions 
that at every point in time, some rentals you're paying more, some rentals you're paying less, 
but it's a portfolio approach. So, across our real estate, we look at the portfolio. That's why our 
presence is not driven by any individual store, it is driven by entire approach across the Board. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 10 of 20 
 
So, there's nothing dramatically different. This is constant as it would be and that's how the 
rental model runs.  
                                                I think our skillset is our commercial model, our scale, allows us to deliver the profitability we 
do, irrespective of any of these situations, which is a good example would be this year right, 
one would expect with a traffic number just being about flat or 1%, but we are still able with 
our commercial model to deliver delta in terms of performance. And I think that's what is the 
ability and the scale that our company is able to do. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Perfect. My second part of the question is on the lounge business. So, we've been seeing the 
banks metrically tightening up the credit cards and the swipe systems. Now have we reached a 
point or is there an inflection state, wherein the consumer, the lounges are more being driven by 
the consumer habits or is the industry still heavily dependent on the bank funded access of the 
lounge? 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes, no doubt. So, lounges I think starting off are proving a very important element for the 
consumer journey. Just premiumization, lounges are a great avenue for that. But if you see in 
reality, a lot of the news on banks or credit cards etc., reducing access or this has actually been 
happening. If you're to look back for the last 18 months, so every quarter obviously, there's a 
bit of news but it's actually been happening for 18 months. 
 
But the reality, the way it's happening is, so the larger part of credit cards, no doubt is if you 
could call it that is the mass market credit card pool, right. Those area is where the growth is 
much less. In terms of new cards coming in. And those are the areas banks are looking and 
saying, okay, that consumer maybe spends a bit less, so therefore, restrictions are there on 
access. 
 
But in reality, the other end of the segment, which are your premium cards and from whatever 
you read out there, premium cards are growing versus maybe probably high single digits for the 
mass market, low double digits, premium cards are growing in a completely other end of the 
spectrum of more than 50%. 
 
You read any sort of numbers out there in different reports, so that segment is growing 
dramatically fast for banks, because of premiumization, and that is where actually access is 
going the other way. So many more cards than before are now giving unlimited lounge access 
or you even take a guest, like you go for some of the premium cards, you can actually take a 
guest out there. 
 
So what's happening I think Akshay, very clearly is that the market is diverging and banks are 
approaching it from a nuanced perspective. Saying okay, mass market card, you spend 
thresholds are being introduced, you spend more I'll give you access. Whereas the premium 
cards, where consumers are coming in maybe paying a entry fee or they have a very high spend 
already, and they are getting actually more access. 
 
And in reality, if you actually go and scratch below the surface, the reality is the premium 
cardholder is your frequent flyer. So mass cardholder may fly once in six months for a holiday 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 11 of 20 
 
or for work. The frequent flyers, who may be going three, four, five times a month, are the guys 
with premium cardholders. 
 
So for us, it actually matters that consumer is coming five times, spending five times, versus the 
mass market cardholder who may have three access in the year, but he probably flies three or 
four times in a year. So in reality that's why you can see our numbers actually, even though this 
has been in play for 18 months being quite strong through this entire period as well. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Right, got it, got it. Very true, sir. And one final question on the EATS. This is becoming more 
valuable. So my question is it more on individual airport concession part or should we think that 
it's purely it is a support layer of existing businesses? 
Varun Kapur: 
In terms of sorry, I missed that question Akshay  
Akshay Krishnan: 
Could EATS become more valuable than an individual airport concession part or should we 
think that purely it is a support layer of existing businesses? So, what are the growth levers for 
the EATS business do you foresee in the medium term basis? 
Varun Kapur: 
No correctly. So, I think EATS is obviously a technology platform that we put in place that 
provides a direct, basically, a LAM or a Lounge Access Management for banks and card 
networks for a direct bank to lounge access. 
 
Now that is where it starts off, obviously starts focused on our biggest reason was customer 
experience improvement. You understand the consumer better, you work with your banking and 
credit card partners, network partners and say okay different experience for different consumers. 
Someone goes to A lounge, someone goes to a VIP zone, someone gets complimentary- say 
during an IPL match I want my premium customers to get a beer at the bar, you can access that 
because you're today directly talking to the lounge operator, us, through our own technology 
platform. 
 
Now that is where it comes in. And I think at the next level, so while this puts in and obviously 
builds also to some degree a financial upside as well. But also, tomorrow once you have a 
platform in place, additional services right, today we are providing meet and greet, doing porter 
services in airports, we're doing that in some of our airports we have lounges. What stops you 
from integrating that in step two? And that's the plan. 
 
So, once you have this platform once users are there, once tie-ups are there, you leverage, you 
add value and that's the advantage of having that direct connection. So, no doubt it's both, it 
makes consumer experience better which is a starting point, it makes it seamless, but also 
provides tomorrow, obviously better financial upside, but tomorrow larger growth opportunity. 
I think it addresses all three avenues which is why it was a critical area we worked on and 
successfully executed in the last year. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Okay got it, got it. And one question, if I may, The Q4 EBITDA margin was particularly 
stronger. Now if we look at what is the margin improvement was structurally versus the 
temporary benefits and how should we look at going forward? 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Varun Kapur: 
I can ask Vikas to jump in here and take you through those as well. 
Vikas Kapoor: 
Yes sure. In terms of the margin that we have seen specifically on the gross margin side, as I 
mentioned, we did have a one-off reclassification of cost of services of roughly around 78 
million. But even if you take that impact out, you are roughly around that 84% on a Y-o-Y basis 
-- on a full year basis. 
 
Like I have said in the past, that due to the procurement efficiencies and the scale at which we 
operate, our gross margin will be in the range of 80% to 83%. What we have also seen is, as a 
go-forward, we do anticipate a bit of inflationary impact due to the Middle East conflict in terms 
of the LPG price increases and various other factors. So, we believe that our gross margin for 
the next year will be in the same threshold of 80% to 83% on an overall basis. 
Akshay Krishnan: 
Okay. Thank you and good luck, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Purva Zanwar with 360 ONE Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Purva Zanwar: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, I had a question on the new contracts, which you got for 
Bhogapuram Airport. So, can you specify a little more details about it, the number of outlets 
and the tenure and when should it start contributing? 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes. Hi Purva. So in terms of Bhogapuram, it's one which we've got, it's under GHL where 
we're operating there. Bhogapuram is a new Greenfield airport coming up in Vizag. There it is 
a long term contract once again that we've got in that place. And in that mobilization, while the 
exact phasing and all may happen, but roughly, our anticipation is probably, we look at about 
seven outlets happening originally, and probably as we get closer to the date, we'll share more 
details around the mobilization and other aspects of that contract. 
Purva Zanwar: 
Sure. And the second was that finance cost has increased drastically. So, what could be the 
reason for the same? 
Vikas Kapoor: 
Hi, Purva. So our finance cost has increased mainly on account of a provision for litigation 
matters that we have made during the year of roughly around 212 million, which has been 
provided. While we are on a conservative and in terms of our own contention we believe that 
we have a strong case on merits, but as a matter of prudence, we have provided the full amount 
of 212 million in the finance costs. 
Purva Zanwar: 
Okay. And lastly, you mentioned that because of the scaling up of the EATS business our 
receivable, days have increased. So can you just explain in detail more what led to this increase 
in receivables? 
Vikas Kapoor: 
So, as you are aware that we kick started our EATS business somewhere in the Q3 of this year 
or more towards the start of December, wherein we were tying up contracts with various banks 
and card networks. So, a large part of the EATS billing and the revenue unlock that has 
happened between the last 4 to 5 months. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
From that perspective, this was a new relationship that we were developing with the banks in 
terms of operational efficiency, billing procedures and the cross checks that the banks wanted 
in terms of system efficiencies and integrations, the debtors for the year end have shot up to 
roughly around INR264 crores from an average of INR100-110 crores that we have seen.  But 
what we believe is this is the current collections that we have received subsequently, as well as 
overall basis, that this should normalize by the first half of this year, and we should be back to 
our average of around 40 to 45 days of outstandings. 
Purva Zanwar: 
Got it. Thanks. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Aachal Pal with MNCL. Please go ahead. 
Aachal Pal: 
Hello. Yes, hi. So, my first question is on how should we view traffic growth trend across key 
airports especially after disruption related to Middle-east conflict? 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes, thank you for your question. So, in terms of the way I think you look at traffic and probably 
relating it back to what I mentioned earlier. So, for the full year obviously saw traffic as I 
mentioned, about 1%, just over 1% for the full year. Now this started as you go into particular 
Q4, this was a thing where January was a bit up and then we saw February flat and March being 
the one where the depression happened.  
                                                You can look at that basis, And the main reason for that has been international traffic. 
International traffic saw nearly a double-digit dip during the March and that April period. So 
while domestic was quite robust, it was largely flat. It was actually international traffic and more 
in airports that are in the south that are flying to the Middle east more and a few other areas 
which have international traffic like Goa Dabolim and other airports which are a bit more 
affected. So, we saw those type of airports being traffic logically going down a bit more. 
Aachal Pal: 
Okay, second is on the lounge business side. So, are we seeing any challenges as the growth has 
moderated slightly? 
Varun Kapur: 
Actually -- it’s quite robust if you see the numbers potentially probably it’s been more robust. 
So obviously the factor which is played out has been traffic. So obviously irrespective of traffic,. 
I think we’ve been able to grow if you look at our, whether you look at our, system-wide sales 
or consolidated. But if you look at broader perspective, system-wide gives you a perspective of 
the entire business. Our sales have grown for the year 25% more than that, gives us that even 
though traffic has been just 1%, sales still have grown quite robustly out there. 
 
So that’s where we’ve been able to, whether it be travel QSR or lounges, we’ve been able to 
grow quite strongly and keep it independent, While yes, the tax is a key determinant. And yes, 
if tax numbers were better, I think the year could have been even more superlative. But I think 
that’s where the robustness of the commercial model steps in. 
Aachal Pal: 
Okay, and so how are we seeing the revenue ramp up trajectory for newly added outlets and 
airport lounges? 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Varun Kapur: 
It’s quite strong. So we’re seeing traffic generally across the board coming back quite well in 
May. I think that you’ve seen, anecdotally happening from what was there the weakness in 
markets. I think that’s been evident throughout the last year. Every disruption that’s been there, 
just bounced back so quickly. Just showing you that, I think no one doubts the long term 
structural story, but obviously even on the short term, it’s surprising with the speed at which the 
recovery happens, obviously the amount of disruptions that happened last year, still for a PAX 
growth to happen, has been something that has been very robust. 
 
So, I think that continuation of recovery looks to be very much on the cards now. And especially 
once the war like situation, which you all hope gets resolved at the earliest, the anticipation is 
that the demand will be strong. But like I said, domestic is still maintained to be quite robust, 
irrespective. I think it’s just this element of international traffic which logically does come back 
when the Middle east places open, when some of the pressures around crude hopefully fall away. 
The combination of those would have an effect on getting a bounce back in that traffic.  
                                                But yes, currently you can see domestic actually probably recovering and likely with some of 
the travellers who are planning maybe international, are actually going domestic. And you may 
fly more domestic, you may fly one international trip cost X, you may spend domestic half of 
that, or maybe one-third of that, and you therefore could take three trips. 
 
But for us, we are agnostic to whether a consumer is international or domestic, because he 
ultimately spends on food or something like that, a similar type where for an airline ticket, yes, 
you spend more, but for food it’s not that you’re going to eat more International versus domestic. 
So actually to some degree, as the bounce back happens and hopefully domestic comes back 
quicker, it may actually have a positive effect of the bounce back. 
Aachal Pal: 
Okay, got it. So my last question is any new airports in the pipeline that the company is bidding 
for? And also what would be the capex plan for the next two years? 
Varun Kapur: 
So, I may let Vikas jump in for the capex, but as a general plan, we do look at airports in this 
sector consistently. So as opportunities come, we constantly bid for them. We obviously look 
at the larger airports. As you’re aware from our scale and size today present, I mean the entire 
footprint is 20 airports, obviously Bhogapuram and Noida coming up. Two more airports are 
currently in the works in the coming months. So that’s the pipeline. 
                                                At any point in time you have multiple outlets in the pipeline, which we also currently have. I 
think it’s roughly about more than 50 outlets currently in pipeline. It’s a site for many future 
bids and all these are things already committed. So, we have quite a robust pipeline. We’ve 
always had it. I think everyone who has been part of our calls, every quarter we’ve been quite 
strong in terms of openings. That looks to be even stronger going forward. But yes, the sector, 
irrespective of short-term disruptions, looks to be very robust. And maybe Vikas, if you like to 
jump in on capex. 
Vikas Kapoor: 
Thanks. So just to add to what Varun said, we do have visibility of more than 50 odd outlets in 
the pipeline, and we expect the capex on an average to be in the range of INR50 crores to INR60 
crores every year, which would also be the case for FY27. The capex would be predominantly 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 15 of 20 
 
for mobilization of units that we have to do to fund recent concessions of Delhi, Cochin and 
upcoming Noida projects. 
Aachal Pal: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Praneet Kumar Reddy with Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Praneet Kumar Reddy: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. My question is to 
understand the steady state LFL for the business. So, the objective is to understand what 
percentage of LFL growth can come from pricing and premiumization, and what percentage can 
come from rapid growth and penetration. Just to understand the breakup of LFL that you are 
looking at in more of a steady state? 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes. Thanks Praneet, thanks for your good wishes. Thanks for the question as well. So, in terms 
of, what we've seen, a general trend we tend to see historically, and its’ been playing out, at all 
points, so when we look at it, our LFL is normally divided into three components, In one part is 
passenger traffic, which again largely out of the hands. But that's driven by what the airports -- 
so normally in India, we've always seen kind of a 7% to 10% level of passenger traffic 
historically. But this year, like I said, was a year of multiple disruptions. You saw that quite 
wide from that. But that's been the level. 
 
And then on top of that, what we see above that, a combination of price inflation, that obviously 
influences the growth, and the LFL plus our initiatives. So maybe 5%, 6% price, 5%, 6% our 
initiatives could be around -- changing a brand, could be around combo offers, could be around 
new products in a unit, premiumization that we play. So multiple levers like that every year 
we're doing something. 
 
I mean, if you go to our investor deck, we can't put every single marketing probably every 
month. We have multiple initiatives, but we just give you a flavour of what we do in every 
quarter. We try to add something that can give a sense of flavour to stakeholders about what's 
happening. So in a sense, all of that kind of coupled together, you can say kind of pax plus 
roughly, maybe somewhere in the range of 7% to 10% incremental above that is a combination 
of price plus initiatives. So that's the best way to look at, it in terms of you add and kind of look 
at LFL. 
 
Now again it's you want to look probably look at it over a year, because you have elements that 
play out new outlets opening in certain terminals. Some outlets changes all of that. But over a 
period of a year, it tends to average up to that general rule. We've seen that play out over the 
many years we've been operating in the segment. 
Praneet Kumar Reddy: 
Got that. Thank you for that. And my second question would be on the capital allocation part. 
Now we have a strong cash balance of more than INR8 billion, including investments. And 
that's as it was called out capex requirement might not be more than INR60 crores. Now what 
is our views in terms of capital allocation? And how do we see areas like duty-free or retail in 
the airport space itself? Is that an area of interest for you or we are just focused on F&B part of 
business? Thank you. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Varun Kapur: 
So yes, I think the cash we've been quite disciplined as a business over the many years. And 
you can see that, we are hopefully in a quality of earnings. We make sure that ultimately cash 
is king. So, we made sure consistent part of generating cash, building up a reserve and obviously 
investing it as well. 
 
I think this year, like Vikas spoke about the investments, we already have visibility. Obviously 
new opportunities come international lounge piece. The sector, if anything is growing 
exponentially, our ability as a company today where it is not only catering to the sector in India, 
the speed is growing. And I think in the next few years will be probably the best period for 
Indian aviation. I think in every statistic you see that call out.  
                                                But in terms of even the opportunity with the scale and size we have, and the success we've seen 
in international lounges, that's a very, very attractive opportunity for us to go globally. We've 
already gone, as you know, into Malaysia. We've gone now, we've opened a second lounge in 
Hong Kong in the last quarter, showing our continued success in that area in coupled, on top of 
that as well, expressways, what the government is currently doing. 
 
Again, it just started. The investments have started. This probably is a bit more long term 
opportunity, but we've got today the capital to be able to do that. You know, we're completely 
debt free. And so, I think the combination of looking at those opportunities is strong. And as 
you can see, our ROCE have been at north of 40%, about 45% ROCEs. So very compelling 
investments. 
 
We're quite disciplined about it. We have been quite disciplined about it throughout our period. 
I think it's not that something that's come now. It's been the last, since very beginning last 17 
years of being there have been clearly driven, built on those principles which are very much part 
of our DNA. So, I think that's the way we approach investments. And the ability obviously, 
we've got these funds and we'll continue to make prudent and aggressive use of it. I think a good 
combination is the right way to look at it. 
Praneet Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you so much. 
Varun Kapur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Ladha with Bastion Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. And congratulations on a good set of numbers, 
sir. So, I wanted to understand our strategy on international markets, since we are so much 
focused on international market, how the SSP group has given us the LOI for Middle East. And 
you are also talking about Hong Kong and Singapore. How we are placed on and what is the 
strategy going forward, is there similar to Indian domestic market or we are doing something 
differently over there. How -- because these markets are already there and they are, quite mature 
compared to Indian market. So how you think on that side? 
Varun Kapur: 
Thank you for your question, Sanjay. And thanks also for your good wishes for our results. So, 
in terms of where we see and the right question, so where we see our opportunity on 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 17 of 20 
 
international. Yes, we have been a very successful business in India. We've become a market 
leader clearly, in the segment of both travel QSR and lounges. 
 
What we do see, and we call this out even, when we had come on previous calls as well, that 
we do see the international lounge opportunity or lounges, particularly going through a very 
interesting, as you say, a development globally. I think India has been largely at the forefront of 
it, but you're seeing that trend play out globally, more and more lounges coming in. And these 
are not only airline lounges, credit card, other services, banks. This is happening globally across. 
So, the opportunity of what I think we've done in India, in terms of lounges being a bit ahead of 
what's happening globally, and taking those learnings and actually going globally.  
                                               The fact what we did, we were very successful in Malaysia. We expanded the footprint 
considerably there now to three airports. In Hong Kong as well, we opened one lounge in the 
previous year. We've opened one lounge now in the last quarter as well. We've opened, part of 
that strategy, we've opened a subsidiary in Dubai to look at Middle East opportunities. We're 
also looking at Indonesian market, a very large market, we've opened a subsidiary there as well, 
in the second half of last year. 
 
So these are clear opportunities for us. Our skill set which is there, which is the advantage of it, 
a lot of the relationships we built up over decades, whether it's your airline, whether it's your 
card networks, lot of these are relationships that transcend borders, right? The same card 
network, the same airlines are there in every country. 
 
So, developing those relationships for over a decade when we go in those markets, coupled with 
Sanjay to what you said as well, rightfully so, the SSP presence in these markets. They are there 
on the travel QSR side, they've been many of these markets for years. You know, leveraging 
that relationship, they know who the right contractors are there to construct outlets. They've had 
experience, they have suppliers in place. So therefore, our journey to go in is assisted with that 
as well, when a key stakeholder has that. So therefore there's a clear right to win for TFS in that 
segment. And that's why we're very clear strategically focused on this area. And we're confident 
to deliver on it over the next few years. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir but all these, international expansion would be, with our parent entity or we see as a 
standalone entity going outside there as well, how these things? 
Varun Kapur: 
The starting position always you go as a stand-alone entity, but if you have, the ability to take 
advantage of, it could be SSP because obviously they are as a key stakeholder, they would 
provide assistance, but it could be other partners as well. So, those are decisions that are taken 
based on the rationale or the benefits of each opportunity. So that is on a case-by-case. But yes, 
the starting position is always to go and look at these opportunities on a stand-alone basis. That's 
the way we strategically look at it. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sure. So my another question would be on growth prospects. So wanted to understand that the 
industry volume over the longer term is expected to grow by 9% to 10%, as you rightly 
mentioned in, in the con call, and our LFL growth remained at around 9% to 10% with inflation 
at 3% to 5%. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
So combining all together, it is it fair to assume that, without adding new airport, our revenue 
growth should be, roughly at around 22% to 25%. And this is there over the last years as well, 
so is it the right understanding? So I'm not talking about for FY27 onwards, I'm talking about 3 
to 5 year time frame wise, therefore I am asking this. 
Varun Kapur: 
So, while I won’t call out an exact number where I would sit on because, external factors, but 
just using your logic that tomorrow, yes, if traffic comes back to levels we're used to of 9% to 
10%. And on top of that, what – yes, we have seen historically that 7% to 10% delta in terms 
of, combination of obviously inflation plus our initiatives as well. Yes, with that kind of 
underlying thing, one would expect to see, you know, 18%, 20%,  around that part of LFL, I 
think would be a normal perspective. 
 
Obviously, our business is a combination as our results show of quite healthy LFL plus net 
gains, right? We're in a market which is fast growing where, India is, from any sort of statistic,  
where today our population at 1.4 billion, we have just 30% or 0.3 of our population flying. I 
mean, don't look at the U.S. I always give the example, U.S. is at 5.5 times its population flying. 
But even China. China is almost you know more than one time it's about almost one time its 
population flying if you see it at 1x. 
 
So we are already 0.3 versus 1x of the population. And China ten years ago was at the same 
statistic of about 400 million passengers. And India, the way we are growing, the propensity to 
spend, the way today, per capita, the way the government is doing initiatives around, fuelling 
the aviation industry, there's no reason we should actually do it quicker. So, that's why we're 
very bullish on the trajectory of Indian aviation, as I think both Vikas and me very clearly stated. 
And I think that's something across the sector that anyone in the sector has that very long term 
approach undoubtedly. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir. My last question would be…. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Sanjay, sir, we request you to return to the queue. We'll move on to our next 
question. Our next question comes from the line of Achal Kumar. Please go ahead. 
Achal Kumar: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for another opportunity. So basically, one, I wanted to understand how do you 
see this, Mumbai airport allowing Blinkit to set up a shop and deliver at the doors or at the gates. 
So do you see it as a threat to your business and what happens if it expands beyond Mumbai? 
Varun Kapur: 
Achal hi. So, in terms of this particular thing, not would be exactly relevant for us because 
obviously what it is, is more of a retail, So retail presence while obviously doing this with Blinkit 
and, not something that we're monitoring or doing, how successful or not it is, but generally 
retail presence has always been there at airports. People are there already, there are shops, they 
have smaller footprints, limited products. Probably what Blinkit is trying to do is that some 
products which can't fit in there, they'll have some presence outside. So you order it and you 
can get it for consumers because otherwise, you see these shops in airports that do, chocolates, 
books, other retail products, etcetera, etcetera. I mean apparel, whichever it is. 
 
So that's one piece. I mean, guess from our point of view, ultimately an airport F&B is very 
different, right? As a starting point, we already have food at gate. I've spoken many times on it, 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 19 of 20 
 
which is where we already delivered to gates. We have grab and go all of that. Plus ultimately 
food, unlike retail where you have dark food, you need to pick it up from the stores. 
 
In an airport, assuming we operate the stores, we are providing that through food at gate. We 
are providing that already there. So I don't see how it very different probably from food I guess 
is more of a pilot, it probably Blinkit’s trying in terms of seeing from a retail piece. But yes, 
surely not relevant to food as a piece because, that's a bit different where that's you order from 
your favourite restaurant that comes to you. It takes some time for delivery in there. This has 
got a secure area. 
 
So retail, you probably keep some products in the secured area, food you need actual kitchen, 
which is where the outlets is already operating in the airport, have that kitchens, those type of 
things is probably the way to look at it. 
Achal Kumar: 
You're right, you're right, Varun. that there are other shops, but of course they are selling it at 
sort of MRP. And that that could make a huge difference, isn't it? 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes. But in the food you won't like, for example, like they would be selling more retail products 
or something, person coming to the F&B outlets would come for the F&B experience. They 
would come for the brand, they would come for those elements, which today also you go to a 
retail shop in the airport, you can buy a food item or something there. 
 
So in other words, the food experience you're coming for. And ultimately if to deliver on the 
food, there was always, vending machines CTN and anyway, was there in an airport. So in terms 
of this, this probably addresses by saying, okay, items that are not there, I'll have a dark store. I 
can maybe get those items to you, something of that nature.  
 
Because I mean, visibly, I don't know how it has actually done, but from a food point of view, 
you can't do that, right? If you want a dosa, you want a food product, you want a burger, 
ultimately it has to be made at a kitchen and produced. So, I don't see it -- unlikely to happen 
from a food angle play out in that manner. Probably very different consumer subsets there, so 
there's no really probably overlap in a consumer need state with them. 
Achal Kumar: 
Right. A small confirmation just to cross check, this Terminal 3 is going to move to your, GHL 
in September, right? Is that confirmed? 
Varun Kapur: 
No. So our, tender for Delhi T3, which we've always called out was expiring in February. I think 
we also mentioned that we got a short term extension on that for six months. It was operating 
through a special purpose vehicle, which had a life tied into that concession. 
 
So obviously when it comes up, we look to bid from our existing JV, which is GHL, because 
obviously that -- when that expires. So which was supposed to happen in February, it's got a six 
month extension there. 
Achal Kumar: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Varun Kapur: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Travel Food Services Limited 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as our last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Varun Kapur: 
Yes. Thank you. Thanks for that. Thank you, everyone for joining in. And thanks to the ICICI 
Securities team for hosting us. And we genuinely appreciate all of you taking this time today, 
joining us for this earnings call, post our Q4 and full year results. If you have any further queries 
as well, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you, everyone 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
