 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 400051 
NSE Symbol: ATHERENERG  
 
To  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street Mumbai – 400001  
Scrip Code: 544397  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call pertaining to the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in furtherance to our earlier letter dated May 04, 2026 on the audio 
recording of earnings call of the Company pertaining to the Audited Financial Results for the quarter and financial 
year ended March 31, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said earnings call. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: https://www.atherenergy.com/investor-
relations/financials#earnings-call-transcript  
 
Kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Thank you 
 
For Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Puja Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A49310 
 
PUJA 
AGGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
PUJA AGGARWAL 
Date: 2026.05.08 
15:03:26 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Ather Energy Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Results Conference Call” 
May 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TARUN MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ATHER ENERGY 
LIMITED 
MR. SOHIL PAREKH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ATHER ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. MURALI SASHIDHARAN – HEAD OF 
COMMUNICATIONS – ATHER ENERGY LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Good day and welcome to Ather Energy Limited's Q4 FY '26 Results Conference Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during 
this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone 
telephones. Please note that this conference call is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murali Sashidharan, Head of Communications, Ather 
Energy. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Murali Sashidharan: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Ather Energy Limited's Q4 FY  '26 
earnings conference call. From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Tarun Mehta, 
Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Sohil Parekh, Chief Financial Officer.  
Before we begin, let me draw your attention to the fact that today's discussions may include 
certain forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections, or other estimates about 
future events. These statements reflect management's current expectations about the future 
performance of the company and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that may cause 
actual results to differ materially.  
With that, I now request Mr. Tarun Mehta to share his opening remarks. Following his 
comments, we will open the forum for questions. Over to you, Tarun. 
Tarun Mehta: 
Hey, thanks Murali. Very excited to be here. Good afternoon, folks. Today's call will probably 
be a slightly longer walkthrough as we try and summarize the entire year's performance, 
particularly as we come here at literally the eve of, or very close to the eve of our listing, which 
happened on 6th May last year.  
So, first, FY '26 was definitely a very massive important year for us. It was truly a breakthrough 
year. We had originally set out to establish that on the back of a new product like Rizta, Ather's 
rightful market share and volumes are going to be substantially higher. In fact, that was part of 
the, a large part of the story that we had gone public with, and clearly in FY '26, results showed 
that, overall volumes are up almost 66%, with Q4 itself delivering 83,000 units, which is almost 
80% of the volume that we did just a couple of years ago.  
And a large part of this, in fact, I would say almost all of this growth is ascribed down to the 
new product Rizta, which has grown remarkably well and today is almost three-quarters of our 
sales. It's also improved our market share, improving by about 1100bps from about 11% -- from 
about 8% to about 18.6% in Q4 FY '26. So, a fantastic growth through the course of the year.  
The second thing that we were confident of delivering was a new product will unlock new stores 
for us, and those stores can drive a fantastic growth trajectory for the business - which has 
happened. We doubled our store count through the course of the year from 351 to 700 stores by 
March '26 and all of that's been built on the back of a very solid and reliable product and 
operations engine, with R&D firing on full gear, 643 patents filed till date with 283 patents filed 
just in FY '26 alone.  

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
We also launched AtherStack 7 in FY '26, which had a lot of new features like Infinite Cruise, 
Vernacular Dashboards, pothole detection, so on and so forth. And finally, we are in the midst 
of our build-up of Factory 3.0, which is our new capacity, which is the largest capacity and will 
help us scale up our new platform EL later this year. 
Distribution was particularly a growth lever that we were very bullish on. Many folks had been 
-- many investors, many shareholders had asked us before the IPO that why not add more stores, 
and we were very clear that we will add stores when they are independently viable and we will 
add them on the back of a new product, which is what we were finally able to do on the back of 
Rizta, scaling up about 80, 90 new stores every quarter like clockwork through the course of the 
entire financial year.  
What's really heartening is to see that a large part of this store expansion happened with our 
existing partners. 75% of stores have opened with existing dealers. We've focused a lot in the 
last one, a couple of years particularly, in ensuring that our dealers have strong unit economics 
and strong underlying businesses, which is what's translated into them adding a very large 
network with Ather, becoming an important partner for them.  
Not only stores, but they've also added a lot of service centers. Our service centers actually have 
more than doubled this year, and particularly in the last two quarters, they've become a large 
part of what we are focusing on and scaling up across the country.  
In this growth journey, instead of going with a plain vanilla, expand everywhere where you're 
not kind of a strategy, we chose a far more targeted approach. We'd called out a zone which we 
call as Middle India, which are the five states of Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Odisha, 
and Maharashtra. And we had called out that we're going to focus here in FY '26. We believed 
that given that these states have high scooter penetration, they have high share of premium 
scooters, and Ather's brand equity is actually decent, Middle India can start behaving very much 
like South India, where Ather has historically always done well.  
So, we'd bet that Middle India can be taken to a South India kind of performance very quickly. 
We put a lot of our eggs on this basket, doubling down in marketing, doubling down in 
distribution. So, for example, in the doubling of stores last year, Middle India got the highest 
share of new stores with 125% EC expansion -- store expansion year-on-year. And that's led to 
an almost unbelievable result where Middle India, which was at about 4% market share at the 
start of FY '25, today has more than quadrupled market share for Ather to 17.3%.  
Rest of India's done well, going -- tripling its market share from just under 4% to 12%, and even 
in South, where we've added 80% more stores, we've seen a market share growth from 13% to 
23%. This strategy of adding a new product which expands addressable market and then adding 
new stores on the back of that larger TAM is something that I think paid the most clearest results 
possible in the Middle India -- in the Middle India zone for us. 
So, if you see our slides, we've added a couple of slides to make this point. Gujarat and Odisha 
were two states where our estimate was that Ather has decent brand equity but is lacking the 
right product, and something like Rizta can really unlock market share for us - which is what 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
happened. Introducing Rizta in Q2 FY '25, our market share tripled in a matter of just few 
quarters from 4% to 14% in these states. And then on the back of this really strong response, we 
were able to unlock a lot more new stores, and those stores took us further upwards from 14% 
to 19% and almost 20% market share.  
In effect, the states of Gujarat and Odisha today are almost behaving like any other South Indian 
state for Ather today. Newer places, newer states like Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh for 
Ather, and fiercely competing large markets like Maharashtra, the story's been a bit different, 
but we took the same leap. Given the strong performance in Gujarat and Odisha, we started 
adding stores here really rapidly post-Rizta, and we've seen a very similar trajectory. We've gone 
from about 8% market share to 16% plus market share, and we do believe that there is a lot more 
headroom here, particularly as we're able to unlock much more supplies in the coming quarters.  
Rest of India's done incredibly well for us too, ending at about 12% plus market share. States 
like Rajasthan, Punjab have done, and Himachal Pradesh have done incredibly well, and even 
Bihar and Uttar Pradesh are about to enter double-digit market shares for Ather, unlocking large 
potential markets, particularly as we build up our markets for EL later this year. 
South is a little bit of a surprise for us in how it's expanded. Frankly, given that South is the most 
penetrated EV market and one with -- and it's also the largest EV market, we frankly expected 
South's growth to be considerably lesser than the rest of the country. And which is what 
happened for a large part of FY '25 and even till early FY '26. So, our focus was frankly on 
capturing market share and getting to 20%, 25% market share as soon as possible. But the last 
few quarters have completely surprised us because South has actually grown as fast as the rest 
of the country.  
Basically, the most penetrated and the largest EV market has also grown the fastest. and hence 
we've been -- basically the performance of South has to be seen from the perspective of a really 
fast-growing market, which is also why our EC count, our store count has been increasing really 
rapidly because the market's just becoming deeper.  
So, our quarterly sales have gone from about 27,000 units in a quarter to about 41,000 units by 
the end of Q4, and we've been able to broadly maintain our market share. We do believe even 
now that the rightful market share for South lies even higher, and we'll need to unlock more 
capacity, more supplies in this zone in the coming quarters. 
All of that takes us to unit economics. Unit economics, we've entered the FY -- we've ended FY 
'26 at a great place, improving our AGM by about 5 percentage points. This is with subsidy, up 
from 19% to 24%. Without subsidy, margin improvement has been even sharper, from 12 
percentage AGM to 21 percentage AGM and this has been driven by a consistent reduction in 
COGS, which reduced by about 9 percentage through the course of FY '26.  
This was supported by a very strong performance by AtherStack and Pro-Packs. Honestly, 
completely against our expectations, as you will see in the slide that we've uploaded, even as our 
quarterly volumes have really compounded up from 43,000 units to 81,000 units, Pro-Pack 
attach rates not only have held steady, they've actually gone up, with Q4 FY '26 being the highest 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
ever Pro-Pack attach rate at 93%. This has definitely and certainly helped our margins and has 
really helped differentiate the product and the business. 
Charging infrastructure has played the role of a really differentiated ecosystem experience and 
has deepened the moat. We now have more than 6,000 fast charging points on the LECCS 
standard across the country. And in the recent years, the number of charging sessions on public 
fast chargers has compounded faster than the total number of chargers, which is a really positive 
thing for the underlying unit economics of these fast chargers, one that already obviously has 
had positive unit economics and we believe will have a line of sight of positive EBITDA as a 
standalone business in the coming years too.  
All this scale for charging infrastructure has also been built on the back of LECCS, which is the 
charging protocol that Ather has now created. It no longer is the Ather charging standard, but 
it's an Indian charging standard, and we're very happy to report that it's no longer just Ather that 
is using it. There are more than 20 plus stakeholders of OEMs, CPOs, and suppliers and 
providers who've joined the newly created consortium called LEAF, which is now pushing this 
as not just a national but also soon an international charging standard. 
Finally, coming to EBITDA, so all of this has translated into strong EBITDAs. The work on 
vehicle, the work on software, the work on all the ecosystem products together, and the EBITDA 
improvement is where the story is hands down the sharpest. We saw more than a 1500-1600 bps 
improvement in EBITDA losses from FY '25 to FY '26, with Q4 being an incredible 2,000 bps 
improvement in EBITDA losses, with EBITDA losses coming down from 23% to about negative 
2%.  
So, a very sharp improvement. This has been possible because EBITDA has enjoyed two 
advantages: one, continuously improving unit economics; B) also very solid operating leverage. 
About three-fourths of the cost below gross margin is fundamentally fixed in nature, and hence 
the operating leverage has been very powerful and has been a very strong translation of all the 
gains built upwards of that. 
FY '26 was not without challenges, particularly supply chain challenges have been building up 
through the course of the year. What hit us were three big things, which is rare earth magnet 
prices, the spike in memory costs across the entire world, and the spike in lithium-ion battery 
prices because of commodity inflation. What we did was a lot of work in strategic sourcing, pre-
buying, and inventory planning, which is what allowed us to sidestep or at least push out a lot 
of these hits in FY '26.  
Engineering for alternate technologies, for example, like LFP, which allowed us to mellow down 
or even again buy our way out of the spike in lithium-ion battery prices overall, and definitely 
obviously the continuous work in alternate technologies and product-led design changes, which 
was the constant VAVE work that delivered the overall COGS reduction that we've seen till 
date.  
But this is not the end of it. We are living in an extremely volatile macro, as you're all aware, 
and we do expect the impact to be there in the short term. We've put out some content this time, 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
we spoke about it during Q3 results also. We expect the hit on -- not just the supply of material, 
but now also the cost of all raw materials to remain inflated for a while.  
While the current commodity costs are obviously crazy and we don't expect this to be a new 
normal for our industry going forward, it is also true that in the short term, the inflation is real 
and will be here with us. Which means there will be a pressure on margins, one that we will try 
and mitigate as much as possible with price hikes and even more work on things like accessories 
and software, but they can't be fully mitigated.  
So, expect a short-term impact on margins. But the silver lining in all of this cost pressure is that 
commodities eventually will find their natural level once again. And every time a business like 
ours will go through this kind of a phase, it emerges out much more stronger. We saw this during 
FY '23 when the build-up of pressures of reducing subsidies created a climate which led to the 
birth of Ather's Pro-Pack business model and the entire AtherStack approach.  
We believe the entire spike in commodity prices, which we hope will be short-term, will end us 
up with better cost structures, better margin structures, better price structures, which will survive 
the elevated prices today and will land up in an even better than estimated eventual cost 
structures in the long term. And one big thing that we're excited about, which will also help, by 
the way, with the cost structures and particularly sidestepping really expensive commodities, is 
our upcoming scooter platform EL.  
We spoke about EL in FY '26, unveiling the platform and a few concept vehicles on it in the last 
Ather Community Day in August last year. Just a quick recap, it's an extremely versatile platform 
focused on safety, convenience, and designed with cost in mind. It comes with a lot of significant 
technology upgrades like the Ather Charge Drive Controller, which brings onboard charging, 
reducing the size of the charger.  
It comes with larger wheelsets, it comes a new technology called AEBS, Advanced Electronic 
Braking System, a technology that mimics an ABS-like braking experience in a large percentage 
of the same safety scenarios at a fraction of the cost of traditional ABS technology. So, all of 
this goes live in ABS -- in EL later this year. It also has a substantially better cost structure 
because it's been designed with this cost in mind, particularly moving away from aluminum 
frames to steel frames and a much simpler transmission system. 
The expectation that we have is, if you see the overall E2W market today, there are broadly four 
categories, four price segments the way we see the market. There is the entry segment, which is 
below INR1 lakh ex-showroom price. Then there is the mass segment, which is from INR1 lakh 
to INR1.25 lakhs. Then there's the mass premium segment, where Ather operates heavily today, 
from INR1.25 lakh to INR1.5 lakh. And then there's the premium segment, which is greater than 
INR1.5 lakh, where Ather absolutely dominates the market, particularly with the 450 product 
line.  
If you see the larger market, particularly with the key five players, our competition, our peers 
have a lot of variants in increasing order as the prices come down. So, they will have four variants 
in the premium segment, six in the segment below in mass premium, 12 in mass, and 10 in the 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
entry segment. While Ather has a completely inverted pyramid with 6 variants in the premium 
segment, 3 in mass premium, and none in mass or the entry segments.  
Our understanding is that the mass segment of INR1 to INR1.25 lakh is the largest chunk of the 
EV market today, electric two-wheeler market today. And with EL, we are particularly targeting 
this segment. In fact, EL will play a dual role in our expectation. It will give us the opportunity 
to expand margins with less dependence on really expensive commodities like aluminum, even 
reduced copper, and considerable cost reduction fundamentally with how we've designed this 
platform.  
We believe EL products and variants will improve our margins in the premium and mass 
premium space, while giving us really, really viable products in the INR1 lakh to INR1.25 lakh 
space where Ather does not have any presence today. In fact, this is one of the cleanest product 
introductions one can imagine because we're talking about adding a product in a segment, in a 
price segment where Ather literally does not play and operate today, giving us a large upside 
with very limited cannibalization concern overall. So, that's the reason why we're excited about 
EL, and work is on in full swing, and we expect EL to be commercialized and in the field before 
end of this year.  
And to scale up EL and obviously talking about production because I've already hinted that we 
are supply constrained, comes our next big topic, which is Factory 3.0 in Chhatrapati 
Sambhajinagar. This is our largest factory till date, initially planned for a 10 lakh total capacity 
with 5 lakh capacity going live in Phase 1 itself. Expecting commencement of Phase 1 by end 
of this calendar year, Q3 FY '27. This plant, apart from it driving the bulk of EL's growth in the 
coming quarters, it also will help unit economics because it has higher vertical integration than 
what Ather does today, with battery pack assembly, transmission assembly, painting, electronics 
assembly, and CED coating coming in-house.  
It's also in a really vibrant supplier ecosystem, with Aurangabad, Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar 
itself being a really, really large and active supplier base. And also, it's inside a park which has 
now become a really large EV OEM geography. Ather was probably one of the first ones in the 
EV world to go into AURIC, but since then we've seen really many several large names also 
announcing the plants here, which really gives us a lot of confidence for the future of this plant 
and this entire geography.  
It'll also long-term help our logistics cost because we expect Middle India to remain one of our 
largest and most important markets, followed by North India, particularly with EL. So, scaling 
up EL production out of AURIC will be an important part of our operations strategy in the 
coming years. 
Coming to marketing, we get a lot of these questions and we used to get a lot of these questions 
particularly during the IPO journey, that why don't we invest more in marketing? So, we have. 
In fact, Q4 you will see a slightly higher other expenses, partly driven by an increased spending 
on marketing. And not just plain vanilla spending, our marketing's been evolving very 
strategically with clear growth pillars, clear pillars on which we will build our strategy on.  

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
The first pillar which we spoke and we've already acknowledged -- already highlighted over the 
previous quarters was the "Zayada Mat Socho, Ather Lelo" campaign, which is going to become 
a long-term pillar driving assurance in the market, particularly in North India. But the latest pillar 
which we went live with in Q4 is a new campaign called "It's Easy on an Ather". This is the 
marketing lead that really focuses on why our products deserve a premium, why Ather's 
experience remains the only real magical experience in this market.  
Highlighting experiences like skid control, superfast charging, the really accurate range 
prediction, so on and so forth. This has become an important part of our marketing strategy 
overall. All of it culminated with Ather becoming in Quarter 4 the number one searched EV 
brand across the country. A thing that we've finally -- that we're incredibly proud of, particularly 
given the fact that we are still some distance away from becoming number one in volume, it 
really hopefully portends to where Ather's brand equity today already is. 
Not only in searches, we saw very healthy increases across the board. Our internal brand track 
interviews suggest that our awareness has gone up almost 100% up over the course of the 
previous 12 months from December '24 to December '25. Our consideration scores have gone 
up 31%, and finally, the most important criteria, which is preference, has gone up by a solid 50 
percentage. So incredible results out of a really focused and strategic marketing investment and 
campaign over the last one year.  
And this has been happening in the context and the backdrop of an incredibly fast-growing EV 
market. Now, one question that probably every analyst has asked everybody in this industry over 
the last one or two years is that why is the EV market not really growing fast? And I think over 
the last three, four months, five months, that's starting to change quite massively. We've shared 
some data for everybody's consumption.  
If you look at EV category searches, they've surged 140% from Q1 to Q4 FY '26. If you see the 
overall volume, the volume growth has been fantastic, particularly in the last couple of quarters. 
In fact, we've been highlighting this for the longest time, that the EV industry is actually been 
growing incredibly well. It was the abnormal growth of the sub-INR1 lakh industry and its 
eventual decline that kind of hid the fact that products priced above a lakh have been actually 
growing incredibly well for years now.  
And for now that the sub-INR1 lakh category has settled at a more sustainable level and is in 
fact also starting to grow, and you see the compounded growth on top of it of the greater than 
INR1 lakh category, you're seeing both these growths add up together, and which is why finally 
the entire industry growth has become visible even to an outsider. We believe this trend will 
continue, and particularly with the current macro, we believe electric vehicles will continue to 
find even more favor with the consumer. And ultimately, it's the consumer who will vote with 
their wallets and will continue to buy more electric.  
With that, I am at the end of my section. I think we can open it up for Q&A now. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Krupashankar from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Krupashankar: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Congrats on a great set of numbers. My first 
question is on the Pro-Pack. Just wanted to get a sense -- so 93% overall attach rate is quite 
impressive. Just wanted to get a sense around, what would be the difference in the attach rates 
in newer markets like Madhya Pradesh or Uttar Pradesh, or as you call it, Middle India and Rest 
of India, versus more mature markets like Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, if you can share that? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, hi. so it follows -- so the highest attach rates are in South India, particularly states like 
Kerala where there is nearly 98%, 99% kind of attach rates, followed by Middle India, followed 
by rest of India. But to give you a sense that the gap is really narrow, Rest of India, which is our 
weakest zone by far, is also at 81% attach rate now. Overall attach rates are quite healthy.  
There is a trend, however, that every time we open up a new store, every time we particularly 
open up a new city, the attach rates start at a much more humble level. We've seen, for example, 
Madhya Pradesh like less than a year ago was at 40%-50% attach rates. Today Madhya Pradesh 
consistently does more than 80%, 85% attach rates. It takes between two to four quarters for 
those new stores, for those new teams, the sales teams that join Ather, to you know sort of 
become comfortable with the idea of upselling anything beyond the vehicle.  
Traditional automotive comfort and wisdom and experience ends at upselling things like, I don't 
know, like throttle covers and, you know, rain jackets and mats. Which we also sell very 
profitably because, you know, that stuff's also been fairly profitable for us. But the entire concept 
of selling a Pro-Pack has been very alien to our industry.  
So, there's a little bit of a learning curve for newer sales teams, newer stores, and particularly 
newer cities. But within a year, they all ramp up to a pretty healthy number. So, I wouldn't be 
surprised if even rest of India, which is North India particularly, gets to 90% attach rate over the 
next couple of years. 
Krupashankar: 
Right. So, considering the fact that you've opened close to about 170 branches in the last two 
quarters, 93% attach rates looks quite impressive. Do you see that ramp-up in the newer stores 
being much faster than what you had initially anticipated? Any trend around that? 
Tarun Mehta: 
So, in terms of volume, just absolute sales? 
Krupashankar: 
Absolute sales with newer branches, the attach rate getting better.  
Tarun Mehta: 
So, sorry, I won't be able to immediately comment on the attach rates in the -- oh Yes, okay. So, 
sorry, there is one trend where if the new store is opening with an existing dealer partner, which 
is also three-fourths of our case, then the ramp-up is certainly much faster because the partner is 
already aware about the incentives, is already excited and believes in the power, and hence is 
able to push their teams much faster. With a newer partner, there will be a little longer ramp-up 
time.  

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
In terms of just sheer volumes of scooters sold, yes, definitely new city, new store growth has 
definitely surprised us. we I think we generally tell all our new partners that with a new format 
stores, it'll take you a couple of years to sort of get to operational break-even and a little longer 
to get to actual break-even. But the reality has been much, much, much faster.  
Operational break-evens on average being achieved by every cohort of stores that we open in 
about a quarter, max two quarters. So, in about two quarters, they're getting to on average 
operational break-even. And so the overall ramp-up journey has been very, very, very 
heartening. 
Krupashankar: 
Thank you. My second question is on the near-term EV tailwind which you were talking about. 
Given that you've already stated that you're going to expand close to about 400 branches this 
year, are you seeing an accelerated branch opening in the first half to capitalize on this trend? Is 
that something which is on the cards? Can you talk a little bit more about that? 
Tarun Mehta: 
We're not giving any specific guidance for new store expansion in FY '27. In FY '26, because 
this was the most important growth driver for us, we publicly put out a number because we 
wanted people to understand where we're really betting on. For us, the big growth driver in FY 
'27 and FY '28 is going to be first and foremost EL, followed by the continuous expansion of 
new stores.  
In a sense, new store expansion's becoming a little bit of BAU for us. So, yes, I certainly hope 
that the current pace of EC opening on a quarterly basis will more or less continue, but we're not 
putting out a specific guidance of new stores in FY '28. 
Krupashankar: 
Got it. Thanks for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question and thanks for the comprehensive comments in the 
beginning. I had a few questions. I think firstly on the more near-term cost headwinds that you 
called out. I think, we'd generally understand the aluminum and metal really to some extent, but 
could you also give us some color on lithium? You know, there's been such a huge rebound on 
the lithium prices as well, right? So, how are we working to mitigate that and more 
fundamentally, how do we think about the impact of lithium prices on the overall BOM cost if 
you can share some color on that? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Sure. thanks Gunjan. And Yes, and actually, this is why we've been trying to drive awareness 
around this, people are never surprised. Lithium particularly was a pretty crazy commodity, has 
been a pretty crazy commodity, going up from I think a base of $8 per kilogram to about $24 
per kilogram in a very short span of time. It's cooled down a little since then, but Yes, it's still 
up more than 2x to 2.5x.  
So, and we've seen very similar trajectories from most NMC commodities. So, nickel's been up 
crazy, manganese been up, cobalt's been up, lithium's been up. So all of it has created a situation 
where the even the finished good in lithium-ion cells, because the underlying raw materials have 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
been up so much, the final price of a lithium-ion cell is up quite considerably. Depending on 
where you buy from and when did you actually procure, prices could be up like 30, 40, 50 
percentage also.  
So, prices have been up, that's true. Unfortunately, even producing them in India is not really 
unfortunately an answer because the underlying raw materials which we all import are up a lot 
more. Aluminum, as we've already highlighted, is up and actually I believe will be up will go up 
a little bit more given the Hormuz crisis. So Yes, that's all we're dealing with. 
We believe that the overall commodity price inflation is between 40 to 50%. Obviously, which 
will not increase the BOM by 40 to 50 percentage. The overall BOM increase is going to be a 
fraction of it, but this is still I think larger than any commodity supercycle I think our industry's 
ever seen. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
And this 40% to 50% or 30 to 50% that you mentioned on the lithium or the cell cost, like 
everything is up, is it fair way to think that the cell in itself will -- is there a number that you can 
give me in the sense that what will be the cell as a percentage of BOM cost? Because this number 
has changed over the last two, three years as the cost structure has improved, right? So, what 
should be the ballpark number of, the battery cell, pack, motor, anything that you can give us, 
that can make us think better on this? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, so overall cells used to be 15%-16% of the overall BOM, sub-20% of the BOM until a few 
quarters ago. But obviously, since then it's seen a reasonable amount of spike up. So, now it's a 
slightly larger part of the overall bill of material of the vehicle. Aluminum, there's a fairly healthy 
amount of aluminum in most electric vehicles. In fact, on our current platforms, I would say the 
content of aluminum is comparable to that of ICE, which uses otherwise a lot of aluminum in 
transmission and engine.  
Something that we should be able to de-risk substantially once EL comes in because it uses far 
lesser aluminum than in the past. What else? I think these are the big ones. There's a long tail of 
small other precious metals which are also up. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. This is very useful. And the second question that I had was on the slide 24 of the industry 
structure that you have on the presentation. Can you give us some idea on how the market, 
market sizes are in different segments and what I'm trying to really get at is that what is the part 
of the market, addressable market that Ather is currently addressing? You know, just a bit more 
on the sizing of this different price buckets that you've called out on slide 24. 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, thanks Gunjan. So, you know, for everybody's benefit, I'll just call this out again. We 
believe there are four price segments in the Indian market: the sub-INR1 lakh ex-showroom 
price is what we call as entry; INR1 to INR1.25 lakh rupees is mass; INR1.25 to INR1.5 lakh is 
mass premium; and INR1.5 lakh and beyond is premium. It's hard to exactly nail down what is 
the size of each of these segments, but a few months ago, Vahan website did put out some beta 
data around specific variants. 
So, unfortunately, the website is down, so we are not able to refer to it right now, but the data 
was up there a few months ago. If you were to study it, what it would tell you is that it looks like 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
the premium market is between 10 to 15 percentage. The mass premium market is a little larger, 
between 15 to 20 percentage. The mass market -- so basically everything INR1.25 lakh and 
above where we play today is give or take about 25 to 30-ish percentage of the overall E2W 
market.  
By the way, this I'm only looking at the volume of the top five manufacturers. There are other 
manufacturers also whose volumes I've not considered while I'm talking about these indicative 
sizes. Our understanding from that data back then was that mass market could be as high as 45 
to 50 percentage of our industry, and the sub-INR1 lakh segment which has shrunk is probably 
between 15 to 20 percentage of the industry. Again, please take this with a pinch of salt. These 
were our very rough estimates from an early beta site that we saw and our field intelligence.  
I could be off here, but directionally I do feel that this sounds about right in the market. So, what 
we are excited about is that EL opens up the mass market for us, where Ather today and, when 
you look at our price points with Pro-Pack, today Ather actually has no product in the mass 
market at all. So we're missing almost half of the industry. So, we are excited about EL because 
that unlocks that entire segment to us. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. And last question, just going to the Delhi EV policy news which came through. And it is 
not about, what happens to that policy, but I think fundamentally if the push from the policy 
makers is towards EVs, I think at this point of time we're essentially just catering to scooters, 
right? So, I just want to hear from you how do you think about the viability of electric bikes? Is 
it possible now?  
And I think the fact that, we are seeing significant shift or rise in inquiries for EVs, it'll still cater 
to only the scooter part of the industry, right? So, how do we think how soon can electric bikes 
come through? Is it viable? What do you, just is -- should we see this as an opportunity or a 
challenge? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, so thanks Gunjan. I think the Delhi EV policy conversation is very interesting because I 
believe this is the first time when we are seeing very strong signs of a strong support by almost 
every section of the society for a clean vehicles-friendly policy like this. There were -- there've 
been previous conversations, including the famous odd-even policy, but I think they've had 
mixed support from grounds up. I think this is the first time I'm seeing in my experience where 
there seems to be a groundswell of support from all corners.  
So, let's see, but it looks like something may actually make its way to final execution this time 
around. And I think it's also happening -- you should also see this in the context of the larger 
macro, which is definitely pivoting towards becoming EV-friendly now. I think this entire oil 
crisis has, while it's not changed petrol prices yet, and that in fact that change if it does happen 
could create an even bigger demand upside for our business and the industry, but even without 
that, just the LPG crisis itself I think has put this question in the mind of every customer that 
maybe it is electric and electricity which is the most reliable commodity.  
So I've been joking about internally that we're hearing signs of, you know, the consumer going 
from "if you're buying an electric, then at least keep one petrol in the family, one petrol vehicle" 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
to "well, you can have all vehicles, but at least keep one electric vehicle in the family, for that 
rainy day." so I think there is a larger shift underway here. Details like, you know, whether 
motorcycles are there or not, I honestly believe are secondary layer.  
And if there's going to be a very strong pull from the market, I think we'll all build electric 
motorcycles. They're not rocket science, they're definitely buildable. There's just not been 
enough or any meaningful proofs that establish them to be a large market yet. But when the time 
comes, I'm sure all of you will see all of us, not just startups but incumbents alike, build a massive 
portfolio of them. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. I'll join back the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, Tarun. Tarun, and congratulations on a very strong performance. Firstly, 
I wanted to talk about industry growth itself, any thoughts there, how should it shape up? And 
also for Ather, you seem to be operating in a supply constraint scenario, I think you mentioned 
that as well. How much can you extract from the current facility and how should we expect the 
ramp-up of new facility? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, thanks Kapil. So, the current facility is running at -- it's not still at full capacity, so I do 
believe there is a little bit more juice to extract out of it. But we're definitely now on the edge, 
and which is why we've decided to talk a little bit more about AURIC and the new factory in 
this earnings call to give everybody a little bit of a sense of how work is shaping up there. The 
current capacity is designed to do 35,000 a month, and now multiple times we've been at 90% 
to 95% of that utilization over the last few months.  
So, we're definitely running at the edge, and hence any gaps are very unforgiving. But kudos to 
all the operating teams involved to have run a really tight ship with all the constraints. And hence 
the excitement around AURIC. AURIC in Phase 1 should unlock 42,000 units a month 
incremental capacity, hopefully paving the way for at least another couple of years of solid 
growth and uninterrupted growth for us. 
Kapil Singh: 
So by when can we expect 42,000 per month from a capacity point of view that you can extract? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Okay. So, we are expecting commencement of trial productions by before end of this calendar 
year, likely around festive or just around that timeline. And the full 42,000 should be 
operationalized before end of this FY for sure. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. Great. Second question, just following up on the cost side. Can you also talk about how 
much price hike we have taken? Is it enough to cover the cost increase? And should we expect 
more price hikes to come through? And also some comments on the cost reduction. You know, 
last year we had a very impressive run. So how much cost reduction can we expect as we go 
through the next year? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Right. So, in Quarter 4, we took a roughly about a INR1,000 to INR1,500 kind of a price hike. 
and in Quarter 1, like basically this April last month, we took on a blended basis about roughly 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
another INR2,500 price hike. So, just in this calendar year, we've already taken roughly about 
just under INR4,000 kind of a blended price hike. We do believe the market might be okay to 
support a little bit more, particularly given the competitive scenario where, like the underlying 
cost structures have gone up. So we could likely look at another price hike in the coming few 
months. Sorry, and sorry, did I answer your questions around price hikes and... 
Kapil Singh: 
No, I was looking for cost reduction as well, if you can talk about what is the cost reduction 
targets or potential, I should say, that is... 
Tarun Mehta: 
So, the biggest cost reduction that's coming ahead of us is EL going live. Obviously, that'll take 
a few quarters to become visible in the P&L from it going live. But expect that by the end of FY 
'27, the largest source of cost reduction and COGS reduction that'll come in a P&L would be 
largely EL-linked. While the current platform products, which is 450 and Rizta, can see a 
meaningful more cost reduction, they will be slightly lower priority in the short term over the 
move to EL first.  
So, in priority order, cost reductions will come from EL over the course of FY '27, a little bit 
more backloaded. There will be some cost reductions that'll also come on the 450 platform, 
particularly on Rizta first, followed by 450. They may not be as large as the last two years 
because the bigger focus will be in operationalizing EL first. But once EL is operationalized, I 
think the actual improvement will be lot more than previous years. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And just one last clarification. On slide 25, you have mentioned in the premium and mass 
premium segments, EL to expand margins. Can you explain this? Are we going to have EL 
products there in premium and mass premium also? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, so we do see that there is a lot of potential. What we've been building with EL over the last 
few years has shaped up incredibly well. And while obviously it has a substantially better cost 
structure and opens up the mass market for us, what we've realized is given our DNA, we've 
actually built a pretty fantastic product even in the higher price segments, one that can actually 
go after current Rizta price points quite aggressively.  
And financially, we are quite immune whether there's cannibalization between Rizta and EL 
because fundamentally EL unlocks better margins for Ather. So, Yes, there will be likely variants 
of EL even in the mass premium segment, potentially even in premium, but certainly in mass 
premium.  
Fundamentally, Yes, just last point I want to make is I do want to like make sure everybody 
understands that EL is fundamentally a platform and not just one product. So, the number of 
variants, the number of products we can build on it even this year and definitely in the coming 
years can be quite large, and hence expect this platform to have products across all price 
segments, while obviously the early focus will be the mass premium and the mass segments. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. Since you mentioned that, let me ask whether EL is capable of having motorcycles also 
or for motorcycles you need a new platform? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Kapil, that'll be a stretch too much. We’ll need a new platform. We call that the Zenith platform. 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Kapil Singh: 
Oh, okay. Thank you. That's all from my side and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipul Agrawal from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Hi. thank you for taking my question. So, my first question is on the margin side, like 
understanding that current commodity cost inflation is pretty steep. Can you help us understand 
how is it getting distributed across supply chain, assuming that obviously Ather will not be 
absorbing the complete -- the inflation part? So, how it will be absorbed across the supply chain, 
that is one. Second is on like how much of the commodity cost inflation in last six months has 
been passed on so far? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Right. So, Vipul, I would say only a small part of the inflation's been passed on till now. Because 
of how we've managed procurement and how we've managed stock-piling, we've been able to 
push out most of the hikes till date. And honestly, if the commodities had cooled down by now, 
I would have not even talked about it because then we would have just managed through the rest 
of the year.  
It's a fact that till now we haven't seen commodities cool down, in fact in Q1 we see signs of it 
going up further, is why we are highlighting them here. So, expect the hits in the coming quarters. 
How much is distributed? Honestly, I think given that volumes are rising up really rapidly and 
we are in the middle of a fast-growing industry and on top of it Ather has a fair bit of market 
share that it can further expand into, I believe that there is an opportunity for us to trade off some 
of these hikes with the suppliers.  
But it's also a fact that suppliers ultimately have limited leverage because it's the underlying 
commodity that is becoming more expensive and not their processes. So, we're trying and we're 
hoping to share some of the burden with the supplier, but I expect the bulk will come to the 
company or the customer. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Understood. Thanks for that. one question on ASP. Like you have taken a price hike in January 
and your AtherStack attachment rate has also increased in this quarter, but your ASP seems to 
be flat Q-o-Q in 4Q. So what's the reason? Like ideally there has to be some increase in that. So, 
what am I missing over here? 
Tarun Mehta: 
So, I believe the INR1,000 to INR2,000. change is likely ascribed down to how offers are 
structured in Q4, particularly the start of Q4, and some of the expansion in Middle and 
particularly North India with specially newer stores leading to a lower ASP. That trend typically 
tends to cool down as or typically tends to sort of go away as stores age up a bit, their ASPs do 
tend to inch up. So, I wouldn't read too much into it right now. Beyond that, is there anything? 
No, I think that's pretty much it. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Okay. So, we can expect some increase in ASP in coming quarter before you launch the EL 
platform. That would be a fair understanding. 
Tarun Mehta: 
ASP, so actually also just a highlight, just a reminder, what you see in our financials is our 
realization, so which will obviously whenever the FAME subsidy expires over the next few 
months, take a INR5,000 hit because that incentive will go away. But if you see ASP at the ex-

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
showroom average price in the market, then that will continue to inch up because we've been 
taking very disciplined price increases every few months. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Makes sense. Another question is on other expenses. Like you have talked about increase in 
marketing spend, but your other expenses was up by around 34%. So, is this something has to 
do with the new plant as well or just the marketing expense or something else is also there? 
Tarun Mehta: 
So, actually because warranty and logistics sits in other expenses, and that's technically for all 
practical actually a variable expense. Given that volume sold was up 23% compared to the 
previous quarter, that number definitely went up. So that's a considerable part of apart from 
marketing what went up this time.  
Sohil Parekh: 
So, basically, Vipul, the warranty cost also is calibrated, if you recall in the last year's earnings 
call, we do a calibration at end of the year. So, that adjustment is also reflecting, and when you're 
doing a provisioning for warranty, you want to be a little conservative with the commodities 
prices shooting up, right. So, that is the calibration that we have done. So, with the increase that 
you see in the other expenses over Q3 is the combination of marketing and warranty. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Makes sense. Just one last question on the depreciation part. So, my understanding, correct me 
if I'm wrong there, understanding was that it should have increased with the launch of EL 
platform, but it has increased on a sequential basis in fourth quarter only. So, is it because of the 
new plant or what is the reason behind increase in depreciation in fourth quarter? 
Sohil Parekh: 
So, for the depreciation, let me give a larger context for the entire year because that will explain 
the entire movement as well. So, there are three things: one is the Ather 450 platform as a 
platform, so today the 450 product and Rizta product is built on one single 450 platform, EL is 
a separate platform. Just like that, 450 is a separate platform. In our books, it has a useful life of 
seven years, and now that platform is amortized and depreciated, that is why it is sitting in the 
depreciation line.  
Of course, we continue to build and do enhancements on that platform going forward also, but 
from an accounting provision point of view, the platform life was ascribed as seven years and 
that has gone into depreciation. Then there is a -- because of increase in terms of volume that we 
do out of the existing plant at Hosur, and slowly as the ramp-up is happening and as we keep on 
doing more and more production over the -- which has actually happened if you see the Q2 to 
Q3 to Q4, we have started operating multiple shifts. So, we moved from a single shift to dual 
shift to a triple shift. So, the depreciation will also follow that suit. And again, at the end of -- so 
that is the second point.  
Third is the useful life calibration which happens across various tools, jigs, platforms, because 
you are doing more shots and that is why the useful life has to be calibrated based on the actual 
usage. So, this is the entire depreciation charge is a combination of that. And EL is still in the 
development phase, so once so the amortization for EL as a part of the entire platform and the 
amortization will come in next financial year once we do the start of production. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Makes sense. Thanks for the detailed answer. That's all from my side. 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pooja Seth from Yes Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Pooja Seth: 
Thank you and congrats for the good set of numbers. I just want a clarification on the other 
financial assets in the current assets, because I am seeing that it was increased too much. So, can 
you throw some light why it all increased so much? 
Sohil Parekh: 
So, that is largely the fixed deposits or the term deposits as we call it, which is the IPO money 
sitting there. 
Pooja Seth: 
And is there anything because of the EV subsidy receivables that we used to get? 
Sohil Parekh: 
Yes, that also sits there, but that's a very nominal sum because all the FAME-related incentives 
or the PM E-DRIVE is coming in regularly. Only the Maharashtra state subsidy, which is 
something new which got introduced in the recent months, so that is a very small amount which 
is reflecting in the other financial assets. But largely, most of it is the term deposits or the FDs 
as we call them. 
Pooja Seth: 
Okay. And sir, another question, as we are going to launch a new product in the EL platform, so 
it is still the same in this festive season we are going to see those models? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Yes, most likely. We're not giving an exact month of launch for obvious reasons because we 
can't, we don't want to at this stage, but we believe by this festive would be a good timeline for 
the products to come out. 
Pooja Seth: 
Okay. Sir, one more question. Do you guys anticipate any kind of supply issue because some of 
your competitor is facing? So, any kind of supply issue you guys are facing? 
Tarun Mehta: 
So, we had -- actually the biggest challenge for us is trying to ramp up as quickly as the market 
is ramping up. Over the last few months, there've been localized challenges in supply ramp-up. 
For example, in November-December, there were particular variants which were becoming 
really fast-growing in the market for which we had some constraints. We've come over that and 
you've seen increased supply and sales every month. But frankly, retail demand has been running 
higher than estimate.  
So, for example, in Q4, while wholesale is what it is, retail was actually a little higher. And by 
retail, I'm saying what dealers have already sold to customers even if they're pending registration. 
So, retail number was higher, which is actually quite a crazy stat because Q4 is also the quarter 
when you need to dial up your wholesale quite materially because in December you've cleaned 
up the channel stock quite a lot. So, we're not able to, we're definitely ramping up. Even in April, 
there was a little bit of a specific challenge given the election season and the disruption to labor 
there, but looks like that's also behind us.  
So more localized challenges, not like a secular, not like we are not able to access materials, but 
squeezing more out of the current capacity until the next capacity goes live. Also, last point, 
we've been trying to secure material as -- so one big true north for us has been secure production, 
secure supplies at almost all cost. Big true north for supply chain for us has been de-risking on 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
technology, vendor, and geography, which is how we brought in LFP, NMC, NCA, which is 
how we've been working -- we've been adding more and more suppliers for every single 
component.  
For things like memories, for example, we don't mind paying a little bit more if it allows us to 
secure long-term more capacities, and which is probably avoided some -- which has helped us 
avoid some disruptions that otherwise could have hit us. So, I do want to call that out because 
we've invested actively towards it. 
Pooja Seth: 
Okay. Sir, recently we have started a Phase 1 in capacity that we are going to set up. So, when 
we can start the top lines coming from there? 
Tarun Mehta: 
Before end of this financial year, most likely Q4 from the new factory. 
Pooja Seth: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, Tarun and Sohil. So, Tarun, you mentioned about the macro tailwind 
with respect to EV demand. Have we noticed any major difference in the customer profile over 
the past few months in terms of maybe more share of first-time buyers or any regional disparity 
which gives confidence that the current EV demand momentum could be sustained or probably 
we could see an acceleration in terms of EV adoption? 
Tarun Mehta: 
I would say it seems like the demand is becoming more mainstream in nature, which is also 
what's helping us go deeper and deeper in the country. Today Ather's present across 500 cities 
and I was just looking at this data a few weeks ago, our growth in market share in Tier 3 cities 
is right now higher than Tier 2 cities, very funnily. So, while obviously that presents us with an 
obvious opportunity to grow further in Tier 2, but it also tells a really, really, really happy story 
that demand is not just in the tech-forward markets but across the length and breadth of the 
country.  
So, we've been definitely seeing this, we've been seeing this build up continuously. Last few 
months, we've seen a little bit of acceleration of this trend. We've also seen a higher comfort for 
paying for more assurance. So, products that end up -- even internally in our portfolio, products 
that communicate more assurance seemingly are finding more and more buyers.  
For example, our 8-year battery warranty product has been selling really well. We are seeing a 
really strong demand in every time we communicate assurance as a message, we see strong 
traction, which is also really symptomatic of a market that's becoming more mainstream, where 
assurance becomes a very important part of the reason to buy or reason to buy a specific brand. 
Chirag Jain: 
Understood. And you've discussed about Pro-Pack. Can you also discuss in terms of how the 
other non-vehicle revenue stream has shaped up over the past let's say few quarters or years and 
probably how one should see going ahead and how that could support the overall profitability? 

 
 
 
Ather Energy Limited 
 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Tarun Mehta: 
So, there are four streams of revenue in non-vehicle. First, you've got the Pro-Pack, followed by 
the service revenues, followed by our accessories division, and finally followed by the charging 
infrastructure division. So, right now we're only sharing trends for the Pro-Packs. I did have this 
stat available, but we just figured we'll talk about it later.  
One thing that's been accelerating really fast has been our accessories division, where the 
revenue per unit has been growing really, really rapidly. In the last few years, it's I think grown 
more than 30, 40 percentage. So, it's still on the larger scheme of things, it's still like a sub-
INR100 crores P&L, but it's growing well and at some point, in the coming few quarters, we 
will try and bring some visibility onto those other P&Ls also. 
Chirag Jain: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
Tarun Mehta: 
Thanks Chirag. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Murali for closing comments. 
Murali Sashidharan: 
Thank you, everyone. We appreciate all of you joining us today and for your continued 
engagement and support. We look forward to updating you on our developments in the coming 
quarters. Wishing you all a pleasant week ahead. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Ather Energy Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
 
Contact Information: 
E-mail: ir@atherenergy.com 
 
Registered Office: 
Ather Energy Limited (formerly known as Ather Energy Private Limited) 
3rd Floor, Tower D, IBC Knowledge Park, 
#4/1, Bannerghatta Main Road, Bangalore, 
560029, Karnataka 
 
Website: www.atherenergy.com  
