 
 
Date: 11th May, 2026 
 
To,  
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Security Code: 544176  
Security ID : AADHARHFC
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. 
C/1, G. Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051  
 
Symbol: AADHARHFC 
 
 
Kind Attn.: Listing Corporate Relationship Department 
 
Sub:- Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our prior intimation filed in this regard please 
find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on the financial performance of the 
Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 held on Tuesday, May 5, 2026. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at: 
 
https://aadharhousing.com/disclosures-under-regulation-62-of-the-sebi-lodr-regulation-2015-
pdf/schedule-of-analysts-or-institutional-investors-meet-and-presentations-made-by-the-listed-entity-to-
analysts-or-institutional-investors  
 
The above is for your information, records and dissemination please. 
 
Thanking you. 
For Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
                                                        
 
Mitali Sanap 
Junior Vice President 
Secretarial 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
CC:- Debenture Trustees- 
1. Catalyst Trusteeship Limited 
2. Beacon Trusteeship Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Mitali 
Madan 
Sanap
Digitally signed by 
Mitali Madan 
Sanap 
Date: 2026.05.11 
16:55:18 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 05, 2026 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEO SHANKAR TRIPATHI – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. RISHI ANAND – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH VISWANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY MOOLCHANDANI – HEAD FINANCIAL 
PLANNING – AADHAR HOUSING FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AJIT KUMAR – JM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONAL 
SECURITIES LIMITED. 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aadhar Housing Finance Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Ajit Kumar from JM Financial Institutional Securities 
Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Ajit Kumar: 
Thank you Rutuja. Good evening, everyone. Apologies for the slight delay. Welcome to 4Q FY 
'26 Earnings call of Aadhar Housing Limited. On behalf of JM Financial, I would like to thank 
Aadhar management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. Today, we have with us the 
entire top management team of Aadhar represented by Mr. Deo Shankar Tripathi, Executive 
Vice Chairman; Mr. Rishi Anand, MD and CEO; Mr. Rajesh Viswanathan CFO and Mr. Sanjay 
Moolchandani, Head of Financial Planning.  
I'll now hand over the call to Rishi sir for his opening remarks and then we can open the floor 
for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you so much, Ajit, and a very good evening to all of you. First of all, apologies for this 
slight delay. Technology sometimes plays its own role, but there we are. Thank you for joining 
us today to discuss Aadhar Housing Finance performance for the fourth quarter and full year 
ending March 31, 2026. We are pleased to close the financial year on a very strong note with 
consistent execution across growth, asset quality and profitability metrics. 
 
I am happy to share that during the year, we have achieved a critical milestone with our asset 
under management crossing INR30,000 crores. This reflects the strength of our business model 
and our continued focus on Affordable Housing segment. In addition, we have delivered our 
highest ever disbursement of INR3,087 crores in a single quarter in Q4 FY '26, driven by steady 
demand and improved execution across our branch network. 
 
The operating environment during the quarter remained very, very supportive for the housing 
finance sector as a whole. We saw healthy demand momentum across markets. Importantly, 
demand in our segment continues to remain largely end user driven with significant share 
coming from first-time homebuyers, particularly across emerging markets. This provides 
stability to growth and limits speculative activity in the segment. 
 
At the same time, competitive intensity remains elevated in certain segments, particularly in the 
urban segment, where banks continue to be active. However, in the low-income segment where 
we operate, demand trends remain very steady with well-supported structural drivers. Overall, 
the combination of supportive policy measures, stable demand and healthy asset quality trends 
provide a constructive backdrop for Affordable Housing Finance segment.  
Now coming to Aadhar's performance for the quarter and full year. As of 31st March 2026, our 
AUM stood at INR30,571 crores, crossing the INR30,000 crores milestone which I just 
mentioned, registering a 20% Y-o-Y growth. Disbursements for FY '26 stood at INR9,556 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
crores, a 17% Y-o-Y increase, reflecting steady lending momentum across our core markets and 
a PAT of INR1,096 crores, a 20% Y-o-Y growth.  
On all the 3 critical parameters, we have stood by our guidance and commitment to the market. 
As we go ahead, we would continue with similar guidance of 20% AUM, 20% profit and 17% 
to 18% disbursement growth. Disbursements during the quarter 4 was highest in the company's 
history with INR3,087 crores, which was 20% Y-o-Y increase, supported by strong on-the-
ground execution and consistent sourcing through branch network.  
Our portfolio continues to remain fully secured and retail in nature with a balance between home 
loans, which is 73% and non-housing loan, which is loan against property at 27%. We continue 
to maintain a well-diversified book with an average ticket size of INR10.9 lakhs and a 60% loan-
to-value ratio, which is well within comfort levels. The salaried segment continues to be at 55% 
share of the AUM.  
Balance transfer outflows during the financial year FY '26 improved by 60 bps as compared to 
FY '25, supported by focused rate retention efforts and data-driven customer engagement. Asset 
quality remains pristine with gross NPA standing at 1.08%, a sequential improvement of 30 bps 
versus quarter 3 FY26. Collection efficiency continues to remain strong, above 99.8%, reflecting 
consistent on-the-ground execution.  
Importantly, early bucket delinquency remains stable and Stage 2 assets continue to show 
improvement by 30 bps compared to last quarter. 1 plus DPD also reflects improvement of 78 
bps on a sequential basis. Our underwriting discipline, combined with strong field-level 
collections and analytics-led monitoring continues to support overall portfolio quality. We 
continue to expand our distribution footprint in a calibrated manner. 
 
We have added 5 new branches in quarter 4 and 46 branches in the full year, in line with our 
strategy, taking our total network to-date to -- as of March 31 to 626 branches across 22 states, 
covering over 550-plus districts. We are beginning to see encouraging traction in our urban 
markets, along with continued support -- sorry, continued strong performance in the emerging 
markets.  
This gives us confidence in our approach of building a balanced presence across geographies. 
Our deep local presence and branch-led sourcing model continue to be key strengths, enabling 
us to understand customer profiles better and drive consistent growth. Our geographical 
diversification remains strong with no single state contributing disproportionately to the AUM.  
We continue to maintain less than 15% exposure in any state on all 3 critical parameters, that is 
AUM, disbursement and distribution. Our approach of combining branch expansion with 
productivity improvement of existing branches continues to support sustainable growth. 
Technology continues to be a key enabler in our growth.  
During the year, we are increasingly leveraging AI and analytics across sourcing, underwriting, 
collections, which is helping us improve turnaround time, strengthening risk assessment and 
enhance collection efficiencies. We have also started incorporating AI-led tools in select part of 
our loan life cycle.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
And while this is still evolving, we are seeing early benefits in terms of productivity and 
decision-making. Looking ahead, we remain confident about the operating environment. The 
Affordable Housing segment continues to benefit from structural drivers, including favourable 
demographics, increasing formalization and continued policy support such as PMAY. 
 
We believe demand in our segment will continue to remain stable and end user driven, supported 
by first-time homebuyers and increased penetration in underserved markets. While we remain 
mindful of competitive intensity in certain segments and in the evolving markets, our current 
portfolio trends and operating metrics give us confidence in our growth trajectory. 
 
With a strong balance sheet, stable asset quality, diversified distribution network and continued 
focus on execution, we remain well-positioned to sustain our performance and deliver on our 
medium-term guidance. Aadhar remains committed to its mission of enabling homeownership 
for low-income families while delivering consistent and sustainable returns to all the 
stakeholders.  
With that, I would now hand over to Rajesh, our CFO, to take you through the financial 
performance in detail. Rajesh, over to you. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thanks, Rishi. Good evening, everyone. I would like to take you all through the financial 
performance for quarter 4 FY '26 and full year FY '26. In quarter 4 FY '26, our AUM has grown 
by 20% on a Y-on-Y basis. Our overall borrowings on 31st March 2026 stood at INR18,744 
crores compared to INR16,322 crores as at the previous year-end, which is a growth of 15%. 
The borrowing mix at the end of 31st March '26 is 51% from banks. 
 
NHB share is 22%, NCD share is 19%, ECB share is 5% and others is 4%. Our incremental 
borrowing for quarter 4 FY '26 stood at INR2,430 crores coming at 7.6%. And for the full year, 
it was INR6,396 crores, which came in at 7.8%. Currently, we have 42 strong and diversified 
borrowing relationships. In quarter 4, fresh NHB borrowings were INR705 crores, which came 
in at 6.9%. 
 
Of this, the Affordable Housing finance fund was INR141 crores, which came in at a rate of 
4.3%. Full year FY '26, NHB borrowings were INR1,304 crores, which came in at 7.2%, of 
which the Affordable Housing finance fund was INR261 crores, which came in at 4.7%. As a 
strategy to diversify the funding mix, during quarter 4 FY '26, we have upheld term loan of 
INR500 crores from domestic DFI NABFID, which is National Bank of Financing Infrastructure 
and Development. 
 
The exit cost of funds on 31st March 2026 stood at 7.71%. In terms of fixed and floating nature 
of our book, 76% of our borrowings and 73% of our assets are on floating basis. Undrawn 
sanctions as at 31st March '26 is INR1,687 crores, of which we have INR246 crores undrawn 
from NHB. Liquidity at the end of quarter 4 FY '26 stood at INR1,425 crores. 
 
The exit spread stood -- at the end of 31st March '26 was 5.82% as compared to 5.7% at the 
previous year-end. Our cost-to-income ratio for FY '26 came in at 35.9% as compared to 36.4% 
in FY '25, an improvement of approximately 55 bps. This is in line with our guidance of dropping 
cost-to-income ratio by about 50 bps in the current financial year.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
GNPA has seen a marked improvement, which is also a seasonality impact in quarter 4. GNPA 
came in at 1.08% as compared to 1.05% in quarter 4 FY '25. Capital adequacy ratio for quarter 
4 FY '26 stood at 42% for Tier 1 and 0.5% for Tier 2. Finally, the PAT came in at INR1,108 
crores without the impact of the new Labour Law Code.  
This is compared to INR912 crores in FY '25, rendering a Y-on-Y growth of 22%. Quarter 4 
PAT came in at INR311 crores as compared to INR245 crores in quarter 4 FY '25, a growth of 
27%. FY '26 ROA and ROE, again, without the impact of the new Labour Law code is 4.4% and 
ROE is 15.9%. 
 
For quarter 4, the ROA and ROE is 4.8% and 17.1%. This is compared to 4.4% and 15.9% in 
quarter 4 FY '25. Now the impact of the Labour Law code, which we have already taken in 
quarter 3 FY '26 is INR16 crores, which as per the ICAI guidelines is shown as an exceptional 
item.  
Also included in the manpower cost for quarter 4 FY '26 is an amount of INR13.5 crores, both 
in quarter 4 FY '26 and full year FY '26, which is the impact of fresh ESOPs that we have granted 
to employees in the quarter 4 of the current financial year. The impact of this is in the quarter 4 
and full year is INR13.5 crores.  
Number of employees as at 31st March '26, on-roll was 5,400 and off-roll was 3,900 as compared 
to 4,600 on-roll last year and off-roll was 4,300 in March '25. We are focusing on maintaining a 
healthy book and delivering consistent performance on a quarter and yearly basis. With that, we 
can open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Renish from ICICI. 
Renish: 
Yes. Hi, sir congrats on a good set of numbers. Just two things, sir. One, on this impact of West 
Asia war. So I mean do you foresee or do you see any impact on ground let say in month of 
March-April. And if yes, are we intending to calibrate disbursement in near-term just as a 
precautionary measure? 
Rishi Anand: 
Hi, Renish. Thank you for your question. West Asia war or the current geopolitical issues, the 
first line of defense, and I always make this statement for us, the first line of defense is always 
if there was something to be going wrong, it would be the bounce rate increase or decrease in 
the bounce rate. Fortunately, the last -- the current month, 3 cycles of bounce rates have not seen 
any trend whatsoever. 
 
Our bounce rates have been stable for the last 6 quarters. So from that perspective, we are, I 
would say, safe as we speak. That is one. Second is from a ground-up perspective, all our 2,000 
people in the collections have been given heads up to be very careful and closely in connect with 
the customers. 
 
That is point number two. Point number three is most of our customers actually deal in essential 
commodities. And if I can go back and relate to various situations that we have all seen, for 
example, the COVID situation, et cetera, the essential commodities was people dealing in 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
essential commodities got hardly impacted because that's what the cycle of essential 
commodities continues. 
 
That is number three. And lastly, our belief and the way we look at the West Asia crisis is the 
first people who will get impacted are companies which would be highly exposed to NRI 
communities. Fortunately, in our case, we hardly have any exposure to NRI consumers. I hope 
that helps, Renish. 
Renish: 
Yes. I think most of these indicators are actually showing no sign of stress at least as of now. 
Rishi Anand: 
That's right. 
Renish: 
And sir, my second question is on this growth, right? So I'm not too much keen on upheave you 
about FY27. Just from a 3 to 5 perspective, I mean, can you share just your thoughts on the 
broader industry-wise data points in a sense less than INR25 lakh ticket size, the total 
disbursement market and our market share. And how that market shares have been trending 
towards the last 2 to 3 years. So just to get some idea about how we are positioned and whether 
had this INR30,000 crores AUM and 20% plus growth are sustainable or not? 
Rishi Anand: 
Right. Okay. So Renish, a few data points, total outstanding of the entire housing portfolio across 
various financial institutions would be close to about INR37 trillion. If I break that structure 
down into low-income housing, that's where we belong. So low-income housing basically would 
be average ticket size of the book at the book level below INR15 lakhs. 
 
That's where we belong. And if I were to further -- which approximately housing finance 
companies in the total pool holds about 20% market share. And if I come to low-income housing 
finance companies and look at our share in that peer group, we have been trending around 16%, 
17%. If I look at the current numbers, we are at about 18% market share. 
 
And these are ballpark numbers. How do I look at our numbers and how do we look at our 
growth strategy as we go ahead? We've been delivering constantly, we've been delivering an 
AUM growth of upward of close to about 20%, 22%. And I have just in my opening statement, 
clearly mentioned that we will look at similar numbers from a short-term to medium-term 
perspective. 
 
And as an organization, on a lighter note, we work on something called milestones when we 
opened this year, and I remember interacting with you as well that we had a milestone number 
of INR30,000 crores. We fortunately crossed that number with all the efforts of the entire Aadhar 
team. If I look at the trajectory of numbers that I've guided 20% growth, if I look at 3 years from 
now, the next milestone, obviously in 3 years should be INR50,000. 
 
That is one perspective number two. The third point is there is -- and I've been making this 
statement and the more I travel and go out to state levels, etc, I get little more pulse about it that 
there is a little too much that is happening at the ground level right now, right from state level 
government authorities to central level. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
And then recently, I was in the state of Odisha last week itself, and I happened to catch up with 
the -- or I was fortunate to meet up with the additional Chief Secretary, Housing Development, 
Finance Secretary, Odisha. And you could clearly see how the BLC projects under PMAY and 
AHP projects, which is Affordable Housing projects are shaping up 25,000 plus units up for 
grab. 
 
And similar is the situation across multiple states. You talk about Tamil Nadu, you talk about 
Karnataka, you talk about MP, you talk about Gujarat. Every state government is sitting on 
almost ready structured houses, BLC advances being given already. So there is too much that is 
happening at the ground level, and I don't foresee any reason why demand should be under 
question. It can be unless unforeseen situations like COVID, etc, happen, which obviously touch 
wood -- we are not looking at those situations. But steady state, INR50,000 crores 3 years from 
now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
So three questions. Firstly, with respect to the left growth, both in terms of disbursements, I think 
maybe it is lagging a bit on the home loan side. Would it be more kind of a seasonal phenomena, 
any particular reason like last 2, 3 quarters, in fact, the overall nonretail home loan part, maybe 
non-home loan part that is growing relatively slower. 
 
So if you can address that and how should we look at it in terms of the overall AUM growth? 
Second is on the fee income side or maybe on the noninterest income side, both the assignment 
income is quite high. So was it like equally larger proportion of assignments done during the 
quarter or it was more in terms of the spreads, which have led to this assignment? 
 
And even other income seems to be slightly higher. Is there any one-off out there? Yes. So that's 
the second question. And thirdly, on ESOP cost. So this is just Q4 cost, which is there. This is 
not going to accrue even in FY '27. This is like a onetime cost which we have taken, and it is 
over. There will be no impact getting into FY27 too? 
Rishi Anand: 
Okay. So I'll take the first question first. LAP growth -- and you're right, when you read at the 
data that LAP growth has been slightly slow, I would say this was deliberate and it was kind of 
completely planned. And this plan or deliberation started when the tariff issue happened, and we 
cautioned our teams to be very careful and go -- I will not say go slow, it might be the wrong 
choice of words, but be very careful. 
 
We don't want to do something in haste, which will go out and look at our delinquency numbers. 
So we kind of cautioned them. Right now also, I would say, given the current situation of West 
Asia, and I spoke about it a while back, I don't want to again hast things. We are today at the 
book level at the AUM level, we are 73-27.  
We have a lever of about 3%, and we would want to play at the right time. We did incrementally 
about 26% loan against property in Q4 FY26, and we want to maybe take it to about 27%,28% 
in the current quarter, and we'll wait out, as I said. So there is -- I wouldn't say there is anything 
which is growth or degrowth in loan against property. It was purely our management call to wait 
and watch. And we still maintained 23% at AUM level. But do we have a room of increasing it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Yes, we have a room of increasing it, but we'll wait for the right time. On your next question, 
Rajesh will comment. 
Kunal Shah: 
No differences in the delinquency or bounce rate trends between LAP and home loans?  
Rishi Anand: 
Fortunately, no. But when it comes to Stage 3, we all know that there is a differential of about 
0.75%. The loan against property is always 0.75% to 1% in our current book, it will be 0.7% 
higher NPA, but risk-adjusted spread will be about 3.35%. So obviously, that sets off 
completely. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
In case of DA income, you're right. The total fresh DA that we did for the whole year was in the 
range of about INR1,725 crores, similar to last full year. And the upfront income, which seems 
higher is on account of better spreads that we have got. Spreads are better in the range of about 
80 bps to 85 bps. So that's a benefit that we got. 
 
Quarter 4 DA looks slightly higher because some of the deals which ideally we would have liked 
to consume in quarter 3 got pushed to quarter 4. So to that extent, it looks slightly higher. But 
otherwise, if you look at it, this would be broadly divided by 4 in our case, the impact -- and the 
way we look at DA income is that the net impact of DA in FY '25. 
 
When I say net impact of DA, it is the upfront income that we book on fresh assignment and the 
unwinding of the existing book. If you look at it for FY '25 and FY '26 is exactly the same figure. 
So the overall impact on P&L is actually positive to that extent in the current financial year. 
 
So -- and the other -- the way we look at DA is probably you will see in overall DA compared 
to the INR1,725 crores that we did in the current year, probably next year, we would be trying 
to grow that in the range of anywhere between 10% to 15% in terms of overall DA. In terms of 
other income, you are right, there were some 2 one timers to the extent of about INR6 crores to 
INR7 crores. 
 
One was an IT refund of about INR2.5 crores that we have taken back to the P&L. And the 
second was some old write-backs that we had, which we had not done for a long time, and that 
is about to the extent of about INR3.5 crores. So put together, it is the extent -- in the range of 
about INR6 crores to INR7 crores that we had as a onetime, which is sitting in the fee income. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sorry, IT refund was? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
It was at INR2.5 crores. Okay. 
Kunal Shah: 
And total was INR7-odd crores? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from Nomura. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have one question for you on the yields. So can you 
help me understand, you've taken a PLR reduction from February '26. The interest rate 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
environment seems very -- I mean, it's very volatile depending versus what you would have -- 
how you would have thought in February 2026? 
 
So how are we thinking about the yields for the year of FY '27? Also, as you spoke about the 
LAP book, can you just clarify how much does that -- if you increase your LAP mix for example, 
how much of that -- how much boost does that give to our yield? So just the commentary on 
yield basis the interest rate environment we are in right now? And what would we do with that 
PLR cut we have taken in Feb '26? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Shivani, Rajesh here. I will chip in and then probably Rishi will top it up. The February rate pass 
on that we did of 15 bps was the impact that we had received over the financial year that we 
passed on as per our RPLR formula that we had. And as is guided by the ALCO and our Board, 
we had to pass it on, and there was no questions on that pass on. Yes, things have changed 
significantly when we look at February and when we look at now. 
 
Our view is that the interest rate cycle has stagnated and to a certain extent, will be stagnant for 
at least two, three quarters. And we -- post that, if inflation doesn't come under control, then 
there will be some interest rate surprises on the other side. But as we look at it, at least from the 
next 2, 3 quarters, I think to a certain extent, there will be status quo. 
 
Now coming to the other important thing, the way we like to look at it instead of yields is 
basically spreads. As we look at it, our exit cost was about 7.7% and our exit spreads were 
5.82%. We have always guided that our spreads year-on-year will probably see some contraction 
to the extent of about 8 bps to 10 bps. 
 
This is predominantly because our incremental business that we do in terms of yields is lower 
than the book yield that we are carrying. Our book yield is, if I'm not mistaken, about 13.52% -
- and if you look at our incremental yield, the incremental yield will be in the range of about 
13%. So yes, the other question which you asked was will there be a kicker that you will receive 
by doing more of LAP. 
 
So for example, the benefit that we get by doing more NHL versus HL is almost to the extent of 
400 bps. So if my incremental disbursements was theoretically 25% LAP and if I swing 5% 
towards NHL, I would obviously get a benefit of 400 bps on that particular portfolio that I 
disbursed. And to that extent of that, we think that we have one lever that is available for us to 
ensure that the spread doesn't contract in a very fast manner. 
Rishi Anand: 
I can add to that, Shreya. Rajesh spoke about spreads and another data point at the company 
level is 74% of our asset side is floating in nature and similar 76% of our liabilities is floating in 
nature. So while we are talking about the current scenario, etc, and if at all, there is a substantial 
increase in our cost, we being a majority floating book, it's going to be passed on to the consumer, 
of course, subject to ALCO and Board approvals, etc. So at any stage, we will try and -- we will 
definitely protect our spreads. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Just one clarification we needed. The part you mentioned about 8 bps to 10 bps year-on-year 
reduction in spreads is if the mix between LAP and home loan stays where it is. If you do 
anything about the LAP that -- does that reduction still play out for you? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So when we talk about 8 bps to 10 bps reduction, we are -- the data that we work on is about 
25%, 26% LAP. But yes, you are right. We have -- we still have room of about 3%, 4% of 
enhancing LAP, and that can be a play area. But I also -- if you remember my opening statement, 
I said -- in fact, to the first question and Renish, I said that on LAP, we are wanting to look at it 
very carefully. We are not in a hurry. So I'm sure in the current quarter, I'm not going to be 
taking substantial jump on LAP. We will wait out. But yes, we have a room. So if push comes 
to shove, that's the play area. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arun Antony from JM Financial. 
Arun Antony: 
First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers and crossing the milestone of INR30,000 
crores. Just a couple of questions from my side. First of all, I just wanted to know what has led 
to the increase in 1 plus DPD by approximately 80 bps? And then another question would be on 
the disbursement growth. 
 
So disbursement growth has been quite robust in this quarter, approximately 30% Q-o-Q. So is 
there any specific states or state which has led to this strong momentum? And then one last 
question is that the incremental cost of borrowings have also gone up by approximately 10 bps. 
Is there any reason which -- why it has gone up during this quarter? That's all from my side? 
Rishi Anand: 
Great. One correction, a clarification. You mentioned 1 plus increasing by 80 bps. Actually, it 
has reduced by 80 bps. So I just wanted to clarify that. I will not -- I can't be singling out any 
one effort on a reduction of 80 bps of 1 plus. I think it is a continuous effort. All our foot soldiers 
in collection side, about 1,800 of them on a daily basis track that. 
 
As an organization, I would say about 18 months back is when we started driving down 1 plus 
as a deliverable number from purely focusing on NPA to also coming back to 1 plus because 1 
plus gives you that bulge of 61-90 bucket and we wanted to avoid that at any given point in time. 
So I think it is a combination of concentrated efforts, multiple efforts right from our basics of 
call center, calling to the customer, banking cycles, field efforts.  
It's a combination of multiple things, which has reduced the 1 plus by 80 bps. Your second part 
of the question was 30% overall growth for the quarter on a sequential basis. Has any particular 
state given me a huge jump on disbursement? I would say if I can -- I don't want to single out 
any state, but I will still give you some names which are standing out.  
Maharashtra standing out for us, Madhya Pradesh standing out for us. Tamil Nadu did 
surprisingly well, Delhi, Karnataka, Uttarakhand. So these are a few top line numbers, I thought 
I'll mention. But these states have given the required numbers. The third part was on cost, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
In terms of cost, the cost for quarter 3, as you rightly said, was 7.45% and quarter 4 was 7.54%. 
This is predominantly because we had kept bank borrowings to the extent possible. We had 
deferred the drawdowns of that. Some of the drawdowns or incremental higher drawdowns 
happened in quarter 4 vis-a-vis quarter 3, and that is precisely the reason the 10 bps is playing 
out. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Anyhow, we are saying that our exit cost, which is 7.7% and we believe that for a significant 
point of time, there is not going to be a significant downward movement on this cost considering 
the interest rate scenario that we just talked about. If we are able to maintain 7.7% cost 
throughout the entire next year, I'll be very, very happy to be very honest. 
 
As we said, we will have to wait and watch for the interest rate movements. Rishi says we -- 
anyhow, we are floating -- specifically floating book. If we see any incremental interest rate 
movements, which is very significant we have an ability to pass it on to our borrowers based on 
our internal ALCO and Board approvals. And we will then wait and watch and do it. But we 
personally believe that there is going to be a stagnancy in interest rates at least for the next 2 to 
3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithviraj Patil from Investec. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
So I just -- I was looking at the opex to AUM, and it has increased sequentially. So I just wanted 
to know like the branch count has grown by only around 4 branches. So what has led to this 
growth? Have we added on new employees here? 
Rishi Anand: 
I think opex to AUM, it is always a quarter 4 phenomenon because we run various competition 
and contests in quarter 4 for our employees. And if you look at -- I'm just flipping it to cost to 
AUM or even the cost-to-income ratio, if you look to the cost-to-income ratio, if you look at 
quarter 4 last year and quarter 4 of current year. 
There has been an improvement in cost-to-income ratio from quarter 4 to quarter 4, but 
sequentially, between quarter 3 and quarter 4, there will always be a growth because there are 
some onetimers which typically get booked into quarter 4, which is predominantly related to 
contest and competitions that we roll out for our sales employees in the field. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Y-o-Y reduction 50 bps. 
Rishi Anand: 
Yes. On a Y-o-Y basis, if you look at cost-to-income ratio, there has been a reduction in cost-
to-income ratio from about 37.9% to 37.1%. And even if you take the full year, it has reduced 
from 36.4% to about 35.9%. 
Prithviraj Patil: 
Sure. And what is the employee count as of March '26? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
The off-roll -- on-roll count is 5,430, off-roll count is 3,965. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Chatterjee from Ageless Capital Finance. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So my first question is a bit -- if you could give a bit more 
granularity on the 20% AUM growth that you are guiding for on the basis of the states which 
you see the higher number of growth or which you think will grow faster? And also on the ticket 
size, meaning your average ticket size is INR1.1 per million, INR11 lakhs around. But in the 
EWS and LIG space, like are you seeing a higher amount of growth in the INR2 lakh to INR5 
lakh space or higher than INR5 lakhs, if you could give some color to that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Rishi Anand: 
One is you wanted -- the first part of your question was 20% AUM growth, which are the states 
that are going to contribute. So broadly, all of the states are going to be contributing substantially 
where we are present. But as in the previous question, I had highlighted, if I can call out a few 
states, Uttar Pradesh will be contributing the largest chunk for us, followed by -- and it is not in 
any order. 
 
So I'm just naming a few states, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Delhi NCR, 
Karnataka, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, these are the top 8 or 10 states which contribute 
the largest chunk for our business, followed by the other states. And on a lighter note, we see 
some potential now in West Bengal, too, as we look at the political change. That is one.  
Second is you spoke about INR11 lakh of ticket size, EWS, LIG, below INR5 lakhs, hardly any 
traction. And even if I talk about our AUM numbers below INR5 lakhs, it will be close to about 
3%, not much. The real traction is actually between INR5 lakhs to, I would say, INR25 lakhs. 
And that's where we are able to -- we have our concentrated efforts across urban and emerging, 
we are able to maintain that INR11 lakh kind of average ticket. Incrementally, our average ticket 
size will be about INR12.5 lakhs. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Got it. And sir, my second question is on this opex to AUM ratio or the cost-to-income ratio. So 
where do you see it going forward? And like what will contribute to it? Like what is your branch 
productivity right now? And how many branches are above that average branch productivity and 
how many branches are related to -- just elaborate a bit more to that? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So the way we look at cost-to-income is and if you look at it consistently over the last 2 financial 
years, we have dropped almost to the extent of about 150 bps, 160 bps. We're looking at another 
50 bps probably in the next financial year. What will be driving this is a combination of 
productivity, some of the projects that we have taken up on sales productivity, which will come 
from our AI-driven models that we will be able to deliver on productivity.  
In terms of how productive are our branches. Typically, the branch that we set up in a 9- to 12-
month period, if it's a small branch, they become profitable or productive, if I can use the word. 
And the slightly bigger urban branches, they take anywhere between 12 to 15 months to become 
productive.  
So going by that scenario, I think majority of the branches that we have set up to quarter 1 of 
last financial year have in that sense becoming -- become productive, I would say. And the way 
we look at contribution of the branches is how fast they can achieve this 9 months and 12 months 
for a smaller branch and for a bigger branch, 12 to 15 months. And I dare say that majority of 
the branches do turn productive within this period of time. 
Rishi Anand: 
I can comment there quickly, Shreya, I think Rajesh explained it very nicely. But just as a point, 
when we talk about branches at Aadhar, we follow a very differentiated structure as against 
anybody else in the market. We follow something called -- we have 4 categories of branches, 
starting from a very small 50, 60 square foot office called ultra micro moving to a micro branch, 
small branch and then main branch. So that's the category Rajesh spoke about 9 months to 18 
months. Every branch will have a different trajectory of becoming breakeven or profitable. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
That was really helpful. Just my last part of the question is on the cost of funds, do you see any 
meaningful improvement in FY '27 or will it continue? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
As I said, considering the overall macro, I would be very happy if I'm able to maintain the exit 
rates of the current year. To be very honest, we don't think that anyone is expecting a drop in the 
cost of funds from here or a drop in interest rates from here. And the pass on for us also has 
come through majorly. 
 
So I think there will be, to a great extent, next 2, 3 quarters, at least we see a status quo right 
through our cost of funds. And if we are able to pull the lever on the LAP business that we do 
and some of the emerging market business that we do, we believe that we will be able to take 
the yields a bit higher. And technically, our spreads, spreads will get protected. That is basically 
the strategy we are trying to play out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
If you could give some color in terms of how your incremental ticket sizes have moved over the 
last 4 quarters. I mean you mentioned a number of INR12.5 lakhs in this quarter, but how would 
this be like a year back? 
Rishi Anand: 
Just a minute, Nischint. They're just pulling it. Just a minute. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
So the movement has been in the range of -- so INR10.5 lakh as I told you, is INR10.8 lakh is 
on the book. I will do a club of home loan and nonhome loan. So INR13.6 lakh was in quarter 3 
FY '26, INR12.6 lakh is the last quarter, slight drop. Prior to that was INR13.8 lakh, INR14 lakh. 
It's been in the range of, I would say, INR12.5 lakh to INR13.5 lakh, Nischint. 
Rishi Anand: 
And Nischint, the point to note over here is our LAP contribution has dropped slightly in quarter 
4. We have done only about 24%, 25% of our disbursements in LAP. Typically, we do about 
28%, 29%. If we did more LAP, probably that ticket size would have come in slightly more 
lower. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Got it. Got it. So you're actually going down the ticket size. You're not going up the ticket size, 
right? I mean is that? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, I will not say we're going down the ticket size, I mean, that is where our emerging and urban 
strategy plays out. When we focus more on emerging locations, and I have called it out in the 
previous call as well, emerging ticket sizes will be much lower. Today, my emerging C ticket 
size will be in the range of about INR8.5 lakhs, INR8.6 lakhs. 
 
Emerging B will be again INR10 lakhs. Emerging A will be INR12 lakhs. So that's what plays 
out. So if the team start and urban will be typically INR17 lakhs, INR18 lakhs, depending on 
which city we are talking about. But if the strategy that we want to drive of urban emerging is 
right, the ticket size should be under control. 
 
The intent is to maintain the book level ticket size even in the shorter term in the range of INR10 
lakh to INR11 lakh, INR11.5 lakhs. So that's the aim. Some quarters it will go up, some quarters 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
it will come down. If emerging performs in 1 quarter, emerging performs over the targets, your 
ticket size suddenly will jump a little bit, that's how it works. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So basically, you are -- emerging essentially, you mean deep impact branches, right? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Sorry? 
Rishi Anand: 
Basically deep impact, yes. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Smaller -- deeper impact branches, right. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Yes. So you are comfortable to go down the ticket sizes is what we are seeing, but probably the 
deep impact strategy doesn't change, but maybe in terms of focusing on LAP, that's something 
which you probably kind of be a little bit more careful at this stage. Is that a fair way to read it? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
No, I will not say we are comfortable by ticket size going down. We are very, very comfortable 
by sustaining the ticket size. And we know with cost of construction, etc, going up, there will be 
a slight increase in the ticket size, which we are fine with. Today at a book level, 10.9 lakh 
moving to 11.5 lakh eventually doesn't bother me too much. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And, sir, the reason I'm asking all of this is your disbursement growth in the retail side or 
essentially in the core portfolio is almost 26% on the home loans is almost 26% this quarter, 
which is obviously a phenomenally good number. So just curious as to what is it that has driven 
this? And how should one think about it? I mean it's something which I guess is way ahead of 
probably your peers? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
I would say 2 things, Nischint. One is just as a slight correction, we just do retail. So not on retail 
side, we just do retail. We don't do any. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sorry, I was meaning home loans, sorry. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, yes, yes. So in home loans, yes, this quarter has been -- there has been a 26% growth on 
home loans. I think it is also to -- also go to the various government initiatives like PMAY. We 
are the largest player in PMAY play today, close to about INR50 crores of our subsidies have 
gone to the consumers about 15,000, 16,000 customers. 
 
So that obviously has started playing out. And I will come back to my emerging word again, a 
lot of trust and focus from the senior management on emerging is giving a little push on more 
home loans. And that is also evident that is point number two. Point number three is I called out 
saying that for the last 3 quarters since the tariff issue happened post that, we've been very careful 
on non-home loans. 
 
The non-home loans, you see a slight dip in the way the quarter-on-quarter non-home loans has 
moved. But the teams still have to do business. They still want to meet their budgets and 
incentive structures. So home loans started coming in, which is good news. Higher the home 
loan, the better it is. But -- and with a clarification that we will want to maintain at about 70-30 
in the medium term. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And just finally, so this also means that there could be some small lever to your margin or 
basically yields if the emerging kind of loan book goes up? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Sorry, Nischint, you'll have to repeat that, please? 
Nischint Chawathe: 
No, no. So this also means that there could be some small lever to yields if your emerging book 
goes up? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes, absolutely. The 2 levers that we have got to yields is obviously pushing more business in 
emerging B & C and LAP. And the second lever is actually, as Rishi said, LAP, if we can take 
the disbursements rates in a calibrated manner back to 28% to 30%, that is a good. And third is 
our overall strategy where we always tell that. 
Always have guided that self-employed business will -- as a percentage of the AUM will move 
towards self-employed from -- overall book will move towards self-employed by 1%, 1.5% 
every year. And the more emerging B & C that we do, the more self-employed business that we 
will underwrite. So I think this all works out to a slightly higher yield generating strategy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from Valentis Advisors. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So first question is with regards to the funding sources. So just wanted to know that in the last 1 
year or so, like in this declining interest rate scenario, so what portion of nonbanking funds 
would have got repriced and to what extent? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
A significant portion of our floating funds are only banking funds and NHB funds. And NHB 
also approximately 50% of our NHB is fixed and 50% is floating. So that NHB floating portion 
will always get repriced. It would have got repriced in the range of about 50 bps, 60 bps, if I'm 
not mistaken, NHB. And in the terms of banking funds, I think banking funds, I'll just get the 
number to you. The banking funds would have got -- in terms of bps, it would have got repriced 
by in the range of about 50 bps. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
And the nonbank -- so like from Q4 FY '25 to Q4 FY '26, we have a drop of approximately 80 
bps of interest rate, the borrowing cost number. The interest rate number for us, the diversified 
funding number that has fallen from 8.4% to 7.6%? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
That's right. That's the -- that is the incremental cost of fund has fallen from 8.4% to 7.6%. And 
the benefit which has been passed on to the banks to us is about anywhere in the range of 70 bps 
to 75 bps. It was not 50 bps, it is 70 bps to 75 bps. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
So if I take like 75 bps and so basically 30 -- so out of this 80 bps, 35 bps benefit has come from 
bank. That is what you are saying? 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Yes. The other way of looking at it is my exit cost of funds in last year was 8.14% and the exit 
cost of funds in the current year is about 7.72%. So that is the benefit of the entire book that has 
actually come through to us, and we have passed on 15 bps to the customers also. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
         Aadhar Housing Finance Limited 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Rakesh Kumar: 
No. So passing on to customer is just like -- so this is the secondary thing. So what I'm just trying 
to understand is that nonbanking resources that we have, what portion of that can get further 
repriced and to what extent? So that is what I wanted to arrive at. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
See, our NCDs is about 22% is our NCD. So NCDs typically are 3-year, 4-year NCDs, which 
typically don't get repriced. These are all -- these are NCDs are broadly fixed type of instruments. 
Now it comes to banks, banks are 51%, which gets repriced, which are all floating rate. 
 
NHB, as I said, 22% is NHB, NHB 50% is floating, 50% is fixed. Now NCDs will also include 
a small portion, which will also get fixed. So typically, out of our NCDs, 32% is floating and 
68% is fixed. So we have 22% of our overall portfolio -- borrowings is NCDs. Of the NCDs, 
32% is floating and 68% is fixed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Rishi Anand: 
Thank you all for coming in quite late for this call. And I hope that we have been able to answer 
and manage to answer all your questions as per your expectations. If there are any pending 
questions, you can always reach out to Sanjay Moolchandani, our Head of FP&A, and we'll be 
happy to answer these questions. Thanks, and happy to meet again in quarter 1 of the next 
financial year. Thank you very much. 
Rajesh Viswanathan: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
