 
 
Cummins India Limited 
  
Registered Office 
 
Cummins India Office Campus 
 
Tower A, 5th Floor, Survey No. 21, Balewadi  
Pune 411 045 Maharashtra, India 
Phone +91 20 67067000 Fax +91 20 67067015  
cumminsindia.com  
cil.investors@cummins.com 
             
 
CIN: L29112PN1962PLC012276 
 
 
 
 
Ref: STEX/SECT/2026 
June 03, 2026 
 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers,  
 Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 500480 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East),  Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: CUMMINSIND 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 and FY 2025-26 Results Conference Call 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Schedule III and Regulation 46(2) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and with reference to our stock exchange 
intimation dated May 16, 2026, regarding Q4 and FY 2025-26 Results Conference Call, 
please find enclosed herewith transcript of the said conference call held on May 29, 2026. 
Kindly take this intimation on your record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cummins India Limited 
 
 
Vinaya A. Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A25096 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vinaya 
Abhijit 
Joshi
Digitally signed 
by Vinaya Abhijit 
Joshi 
Date: 2026.06.03 
17:30:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Cummins India Limited 
Q4 FY25-26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SHVETA ARYA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 
 
MS. SOMA GHOSH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CUMMINS INDIA LIMITED 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to Cummins India Limited Q4 and FY25-26 
Earnings Conference Call. We hope you all are keeping safe and healthy. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shveta Arya, 
Managing Director, Cummins India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Arya. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I am Shveta Arya, Managing Director of 
Cummins India Limited. I hope all is well with you. Soma Ghosh, CFO of Cummins India 
Limited, joins me on the call. Thank you all for joining us today. Now I would like to share the 
financial results of quarter 4 FY26 and year-end March 31, 2026 through this call. 
For the year ended March 31, 2026, with respect to last year, our sales at INR11,950 crores are 
higher by 18% compared to INR10,166 crores recorded in the last year. Domestic sales at 
INR9,961 crores are higher by 19%, exports at INR1,989 crores are higher by 12%. Profit before 
tax before exceptional items at INR3,104 crores is higher by 24% compared to the last year.  
Profit before tax after exceptional items at INR3,054 crores is higher by 22% compared to the 
last year. Let me give you the segment price breakup for the year ended March 31, 2026 for the 
domestic business. Power Generation domestic sales at INR4,758 crores are higher by 24% 
compared to last year.  
Distribution business sales at INR3,278 crores are higher by 22% compared to last year. 
Industrial domestic business sales at INR1,650 crores are marginally lower by 1% compared to 
last year. For exports, high horsepower exports at INR984 crores are higher by 20% compared 
to last year. Low horsepower exports at INR807 crores are higher by 3% compared to last year.  
Now for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 with respect to the same quarter last year. Our sales 
at INR2,963 crores are higher by 23% compared to INR2,414 crores in the same quarter last 
year. Domestic sales at INR2,513 crores are higher by 30%. Exports at INR450 crores are 
slightly lower by 6%. Profit before tax before exceptional items at INR820 crores is higher by 
20%. Profit before tax after exceptional items at INR852 crores is higher by 25%. 
For the quarter ended March 31, 2026 with respect to the last quarter. Our sales at INR2,963 
crores are broadly stable, though marginally lower by 1% compared to INR3,006 crores recorded 
in the last quarter. Domestic sales at INR2,513 crores are lower by 1%. Exports at INR450 crores 
are lower by 5%.  
Profit before tax before exceptional items at INR820 crores is higher by 14%. Profit before tax 
after exceptional items at INR852 crores is higher by 44%. The sales breakup segment-wise for 
the quarter ended March 31, 2026. Power Generation domestic sales are at INR1,294 crores, 
which is a 48% increase over last year and 21% increase over last quarter.  
Distribution business sales at INR766 crores, 21% increase over last year and 18% decrease over 
last quarter. Industrial domestic businesses at INR381 crores, 1% increase over last year and 
18% decrease over last quarter. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Exports. High horsepower exports at INR217 crores, 1% decrease over last year and 7% decrease 
over last quarter. Low horsepower exports at INR127 crores, 18% decrease over last year and 
5% decrease in the last quarter. 
 
The company expects moderate growth across segments in the financial year 2026/'27. With 
stable domestic demand, we remain cautious and continue to closely monitor the potential 
impact of ongoing geopolitical developments on the broader economy. I'll now open the session 
for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi, Shveta, congratulations on a great quarter and the year. So my first question is on if I see the 
business over the last few quarters, so we are seeing incremental growth coming from data 
centers, both from Colo and Hyperscalers. And also after the transition of CPCB IV+, we have 
seen after treatment products gaining momentum. 
 
So, my question is, as we move to services on the distribution side of CPCB IV+ engines and 
also on the data center has the potential of scaling up, our related party transactions are 
significantly lower because we are sourcing this from CTIPL or to imports. So in light of this, 
how do you think about localization? How do you think about margins? Because higher growth 
comes from these segments, it could be potentially margin dilutive to the overall company. So 
that's my first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thanks, Parikshit, for the question. As you rightly pointed out, the data center growth as well as 
growth in the CPCB IV+ segments in power generation, while we do have products that we buy 
from related parties, localization content for us, for both the products that go in the data centers 
and the ones that go in CPCB IV+, the localization content is already very high. We are only 
importing some of those parts which largely don't have very significant supply chain in India. 
The most significant components are all localized in India. 
 
So that is not a challenge for us. And the content that we put beyond what we buy from related 
parties as a percentage is also very high. So we do not see these impacting our margins as much. 
They have not. In fact, in the last few quarters, you have already seen how the growth has been 
and how our margins have been. So these transactions have not impacted our margins 
dramatically. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
In particular, I was talking about QSK60, which is done by CTIPL and then QSK95 which we 
import. So as of now, if you can give some color on the percentage of revenue, how both of these 
could have contributed. And since we are expecting these to come in data centers over the next 
3, 4 years, and the data center contributes 25% to the PowerGen overall revenues, and if it grows 
faster than the non-data center business, so don't you think over the next 3 to 4 years, this could 
actually start diluting it? Maybe right now not meaningful contribution to revenues, but then if 
it increases, then it will start hurting us? 
Shveta Arya: 
The way we look at it, you're right, yes, the 95-liter is imported. So the India market is still 
largely on the 60 liter. And as the market moves, we always evaluate what is that we can do 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
more in India. So going forward, the way we look at it and our outlook is that we continuously 
evaluate what more can we do in India. We like to keep our margins intact for growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Parikshit, I request you to come back for a follow up question. The next question is 
from the line of Atul Tiwari from JP Morgan. 
Atul Tiwari: 
My first question is on the data center revenue contribution. So what was the proportion in FY 
'26 full year and 4Q? 
Shveta Arya: 
The data center business contribution, so for the full year, the data center business would have 
contributed between 30% to 35% of our overall power generation domestic revenue, and for the 
quarter, approximately 35%. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay. And then in your opening remarks, you said that this year, you expect moderate growth 
across product segments. So what would be moderated? Is it low double-digit, mid-teens, high 
single digit? And how should we think about that objective, moderate? 
Shveta Arya: 
Two ways to think about this, Atul. So from a demand perspective for our segments, power 
generation, industrial, distribution, across our segments for now, we are seeing robust demand 
from the domestic market. Exports, I have always been mentioning that it is difficult to 
completely put our fingers down on the export demand given the geopolitical situation. 
 
From a domestic demand perspective, for now, we still see robust demand. We are watching 
what's happening largely to the economy and everybody else in the country. Commodity prices 
are increasing, inflation is likely to hit. So we are watching all of that. And that is why that brings 
us a little bit of caution despite the fact that our demand, inquiries and order book are robust 
today. 
 
The second way to think about this is that we have been taking quite a few supply constraints 
and not just us, the industry has been facing quite a few supply constraints. We are all facing 
labor shortage issues at our supplier and commodity pricing has hit our suppliers, fuel cost 
increments have hit on suppliers. And of course, the ongoing war which delays movement has 
also impacted. So that is another way to think about it, so there is a little of caution while the 
demand seems robust. 
Atul Tiwari: 
Okay, ma'am. Thanks a lot. Very clear. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, good morning and thanks for the opportunity. My first question, can you help us with the 
inquiry pipeline of data center compared to the last year? And are we seeing Hyperscaler inquiry 
building up? 
Shveta Arya: 
Inquiry pipeline right now after October last year has picked up in industry. Both Hyperscalers, 
more than that, Colo players. So the inquiry velocity definitely increased quite a lot since 
October last year, and we continue to see that, Mohit. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. My second question ma'am, industrial was weak for the quarter in the fiscal. Are 
we seeing signs of revival in the demand across your various segments? Can you please comment 
on that? 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes, I will do that. From an industrial segment perspective, last quarter, you might probably see 
the railway coming in as much for us. But this quarter, railway has performed very well and we 
continue to see robust demand on the railway side. That is the segment where we have a good 
order book and it continues to be so. 
 
Mining, for the last 2 years, we were not seeing good tenders coming in. The order velocity and 
the tender velocity was lower. But in the last 6 months, mining has picked up, and so our order 
book has started building up. 
 
Compressor segment will now undergo its low cycle, as it always does after a few years. So that 
may not see the kind of robust demand that we have seen in the last year or so. Construction, 
largely stable road construction. We all know the amount of road construction that was 
happening 2 years ago is moderate. So, we will also see moderate orders in that segment. I hope 
that gives you a little bit of color on the overall segments in the Industrial business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Mohit, I'll request you to come back for a follow up. Next question is from the line 
of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. First question on the exports outlook. We have seen an uptick 
in terms of our annual revenues this year. Anything specific to look out here? Is there a change 
in trend? Or probably that range round sort of low range still continues going ahead? Your 
comments, please. 
Shveta Arya: 
Exports, we have been seeing markets like Europe and Asia Pac continuing to grow modestly 
for us. There is nothing specific that has changed. Middle East and other markets actually have 
not grown as much. So for the last 2 quarters, it has been Europe and Asia Pac, and those are the 
places where we continue seeing moderate demand. So nothing has changed in that outlook. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. And secondly, on the Industrial side, you did mention towards some of the segments seeing 
some uptick there, especially railways. How will you look at the growth outlook here considering 
will it be only railways who will be driving growth for us? Or how do you see the overall growth 
outlook on that side? And if you can share the annual numbers in terms of the specific segments 
as well? Thanks. 
Shveta Arya: 
I will do that. Railways, yes, for now, we continue railway good demand for the industrial 
business as well as DBU. So railways as a segment, we see growing. Mining, as I mentioned, 
new tenders coming in and building order book. So those are the two where we see order book 
building up. 
Construction, I mentioned is moderate because, largely, we are related to the road construction. 
And the assets that are used in road construction that is happening in pockets, but not at the speed 
and velocity which it has happened a few years ago. And compressor goes into its down cycle, 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
which is very regular after every few years. So that is how we see it, Ankur, both railways and 
mining growing for us in this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Renu Baid from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes. Hi, morning and thank you team for the opportunity. So, Shveta, my first question is while 
data center clearly has emerged as the fastest growth driver for us for the domestic PowerGen 
business. What in your view would change from a portfolio perspective as we move towards the 
increasing installed base from 1.5 gigawatts to 6 to 10 gigawatt? 
And as more larger scale data centers are coming up, 80 to 100-megawatt range, close to 200-
megawatt range, how does the spec and the multiplier effect intensity of backup are going? Also 
with this, as we see the larger size engines being deployed here, which are largely imported 
today, how does the competitive landscape for you look like versus the current 60 liter where 
we are deeply localized versus players? 
So do you see market shares tapering for Cummins in the data center market over the next 4 
years or even 2 years to look at in the near-term as we see larger size of data centers getting 
planned and deployed in the country? That's the first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes. Thanks, Renu. From a data center shift perspective, the sizing that you're talking about of 
the gensets and the engines thereby, largely, you're right, it is the localized QSK60 which goes 
in this market. In the near-term, which is 2 years, it will continue to be Q60. That is the clear 
line of sight that we have. 
Yes, this could shift towards higher sized engines as well, to a 78 and 95 liters. 78 liter looks 
more likely. And if that happens, it would always evaluate what is it that we can do in India as 
the volumes start coming in for the 78 liters. From a competitive landscape perspective, no one 
is making 95 liters in India. Everybody is importing them. 
So in that space, I don't see the competitive landscape changing from where those large engines 
are built because, largely, 95 liters are sold in the U.S. market. And for us as well, they get built 
there. And obviously, all our competition also decides where those sell today and place their 
manufacturing and supply chains accordingly. 
Renu Baid: 
Right. This question was specifically on the backdrop that over the last couple of quarters, 
especially in the last 3 months, we have seen large orders being finalized on the data centers and 
one by our competition, whether it's the likes of Perkins, Baudouin, be it Adani etc. 
So just trying to understand that incrementally, if competition is based at equal footing on 
imported engines, the relative cost benefit which Cummins was having on a 60 liter fully 
localized base will definitely narrow off versus peers. So how do you think our margin of 
profitability profile and our go-to-market strategy on pricing may change as we move towards a 
larger size of data centers which are in plans? 
Shveta Arya: 
Renu, the way we look at it, it is not just about the cost and the pricing of these engines and 
sensors. It is the whole value proposition that we provide to the customers. So, from our 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
perspective, even before the tenders come in, we engage with our customers to really understand 
what are the kind of sites they are planning, how are they really thinking of setting up their site? 
How can we help them from that stage onwards to think of our impact of power. 
 
And then after installation -- during installation, we help them, after installation through our 
Distribution business. And please also remember that we are doing this around the world. So, 
there is a lot of learning that we bring in to our customers. In our view, it is not just a cost and 
pricing gain. It is the whole value proposition on the solution end to end that we provide to our 
data center customers. And we continue to see our customers valuing that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
The first question, maybe the clarification that I had to seek over here is that you say 30%, 35% 
Powergen in data center, you still separate distribution piece outside? And so how large is it? 
Shveta Arya: 
Is there a separate distribution -- did you mean is there a separate aftermarket business for it? 
Aditya Mongia: 
That is true, yes. 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes, yes. For data center players, as I just mentioned in the answer before this, we look at data 
center customers very specifically because they want 99.99% upturn. So, from an aftermarket 
perspective also, it is a very separate focus to make sure that our service teams and our parts are 
available to them in the way they need. So, it is a very separate focus in our Distribution business 
on data centers. 
Aditya Mongia: 
So, is there separate quantum beyond the 30%, 35% exposure in Powergen? Let's say, in 
Distribution, could you quantify the numbers for that, the absolute contribution... 
Shveta Arya: 
There is distribution revenue over and above the 30%, 35% I spoke about. We'll not be able to 
quantify that fully today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Macquarie Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
The first question I've got is on Cummins parent investing close to $450 million to raise 20 gigs 
of capacity by 2030. So, I would imagine ideally this should compress the import timelines. So, 
as we speak today, how much is the timeline for import of this QSK78 or 95? And along with 
this, you could also comment on how much time does it take for locally manufactured QSK60? 
That's the first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Your first hypothesis that this will crunch in both timelines for us is correct because we are 
adding capacity as our parent has mentioned, and this largely goes towards engines that go into 
data center market. It is likely to crunch in post timelines. I will not be able to give you the exact 
numbers on what our lead times are and what they're likely to go to. 
Rahul Gajare: 
No, you can talk about it at this point in time, how it has changed maybe in the last 1 year, if it 
has changed at all. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Shveta Arya: 
It has definitely increased. The lead times has increased because we need to appreciate that the 
data center demand through the world at this point in time is very high. So, the lead times have 
in the last few years increased. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Teena Virmani from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Teena Virmani: 
Shveta, congrats for a great set of numbers. I have two questions, one on exports and Powergen. 
So, on exports, can you please quantify or give a broad range as to possibly the element of 
currency depreciation in the overall export growth number or export number. And are all gains 
by Cummins India, even if you are doing exports to the parent entity? 
Shveta Arya: 
Teena, currency depreciation, I will not be able to give you a number of exports, largely happens 
in Europe, Africa, Middle East, Asia Pacific, Latin America, everywhere. So, I won't be able to 
give you a currency depreciation number. Are all gains kept by us and not share, see, over a 
longer period of time, depreciation is a known fact available to everybody. And to our customers, 
after the period of time, we do pass on the benefit, including to our parent. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay. So, it would vary from geography to geography. I mean, it would all depend particularly 
on the negotiations that you are having with the clients. 
Shveta Arya: 
Absolutely. And geography to geography, what is happening in that geography, how much 
distributable inventory we have over there, how are we moving back depends on all those factors. 
Teena Virmani: 
Understood. And my second question is related to your Powergen facility. So, what would be 
the capacity utilization levels right now at your facilities? And any kind of capex are you 
planning to do on the Powergen side to stated to demand that is coming from both your non-
HHP and HHP side? 
Shveta Arya: 
So, we don't separate out our facilities for Powergen and Industrial separately. We have 
combined facilities. And our overall capacity utilization is hovering around 70% today. We have 
consistently been putting in capex over the last 10 years and, more specifically, even in the last 
5 years. 
 
And we continue to do that towards modernizing our lines, towards building more on each one 
and doubling what we are doing. The output of each line has been increasing over the past few 
years, and we are continuously doing that. That is how we have been able to cater to the demand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. 
Jason Soans: 
My first question just pertains to just wanted to know that -- I mean, we are seeing fast-growing 
market of data centers, not only locally but also in the U.S. and other geographies especially the 
U.S. So, I just wanted to know if there's any possibility of leveraging the Indian entity in any 
meaningful way to cater to that fast-growing data market as well, in the U.S. particularly? 
Shveta Arya: 
We, for the data center market, these are very heavy engines. And largely, our strategy is to 
make them as close to the customer responsible. Do we utilize our India base? Absolutely, we 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
do. Where we can source components from India, we do that. So, the engines are largely 
manufactured and the gensets are manufactured where the customer is. We do absolutely utilize 
the supply base out of India already. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Sure. And last time around also, you have been mentioning that competition especially in 
the HHP space, whether it be the data center or the mega infra space, which is the main stay, it's 
quite heating up. So just want to know, just could you add some color to it, what's happening 
there and also whatever steps we are taking to basically counter the competition? 
Shveta Arya: 
Competition has been there. And as we see that there is growth momentum in the data center 
and high horsepower range, so there is competition. The intensity has remained the same. Our 
endeavor is to work with the customers prior to the order coming in, so not just treat a genset 
sale as onetime asset full but overall provide a solution to the customer during installation 
commissioning, post installation commissioning, fulfilling their service needs, helping them 
with predictive maintenance, helping them with diagnostics and just helping them utilize their 
space and their assets betters. 
 
And that we can do because, one, we have our own teams sitting here, both in manufacturing, in 
engineering and in service. And also, we have many of these resources sitting around the world 
who share all this knowledge with us and help us compete better in the market and provide better 
value to the customer. That is how we work to improve our value proposition to the customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the Priyankar Biswas from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
Congratulations, ma'am, for a great set of results. My first question is, you had mentioned in the 
press release that there was significant commodity inflation. And we also see that there has been 
a significant rise, almost we are doubling DEF prices, the Diesel Exhaust Prices. So, in that 
context, can you say what are the pricing actions has been taken? And is there any impact on the 
distribution side of things? Because if I understand that, the DEF is used as a key component 
like in the after-treatment systems. So, if you can say something about that. 
Shveta Arya: 
I'll split this answer into two. Let me first talk about commodity inflation overall. Yes, we have 
been seeing commodities increase. As far as possible, we try and pass them on. There is always 
a challenge because we would have generated orders this prior to the period of commodity 
increase. So, with a little bit of lag and a little bit of challenge, we pass it on to the market. And 
we continue to see that challenge across various commodities. Specifically, from a diesel exhaust 
perspective, DEF is a very small proportion of our distribution business. So, it is not that 
impactful. 
Priyankar Biswas: 
And then if I may ask what we have seen is some of your local competitors specifically, it seems 
that they are engaging into significant hiring of personnel, especially relatively senior from the 
likes of Cummins itself over the last 1 to 2 years. So, is there any impact that is there on our 
business? And if I can just squeeze one more in, like the customers you keep out the breakup by 
subsegments of Powergen industries, if you can do that as well. 
Shveta Arya: 
Okay. I'll answer your first question, and then I will give you the subsegments data. Local 
competition hiring from Cummins, Cummins has been a ground where almost all competition 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
hires from Cummins. So, this is not new to us. The company has been around in India for 60-
plus years, backed by a great brand, technology and innovation, and we continue to have 
excellent manpower with us already. So no, that is not in that. 
 
And subsegments breakup from a Power Generation perspective, I can give you the quarter 
numbers. Low horsepower, INR55 crores, medium range, INR177 crores heavy duty, INR108 
crores and then the remaining is high horsepower. And then from an Industrial business 
perspective, construction at INR164 crores rail at INR111 crores compressor, INR59 crores and 
then the remaining is mining and defense. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit Pandey from Citi Research. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Ma'am, first question is what's the Hyperscaler revenue this quarter. HSP number looks like 
INR954 crores based on what you just disclosed. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thanks for the question, Mohit, yes there was. So, we had about INR250 crores of value. 
Mohit Pandey: 
Understood, ma'am. And second is if you can please comment on the demand trends barring data 
centers and Powergen. Your initial commentary did suggest you see robust demand. So that 
would be very helpful. And secondly, on distribution, as CPCB IV+ products start coming out 
of warranty from June onwards, how should we think about it on the impact on distribution? 
These are my two questions. 
Shveta Arya: 
Sure, I'll answer your second question first. CPCB IV+ as it comes out of warranty, absolutely, 
our endeavor is to encircle our customers so that, this is integrated technology products, are more 
sophisticated technology, than prior in Tec-product engines after treatment systems. So, we do 
want to provide the services to our customers for the entire CPCB IV+ range as it comes out of 
warranty. 
 
We have service packages available for extended warranty as well for our customers, which 
gives them a lot of peace of mind. And we do anticipate our distribution business to be able to 
cater to these customers, as they get out of warranty. In fact, we are already working on that 
through our extended warranty schemes. 
 
And then from a Power Generation demand perspective beyond data centers. We have been 
seeing demand from manufacturing, specifically a lot of solar cell manufacturing plants being 
set up, pharma. So these are some spaces we have been seeing demand. And then on quick 
commerce, their dark stores are being set by quick commerce players. We've been seeing 
demand there. Luxury residential realty, commercial realty continue to show us good inquiries 
and good orders. So that is largely where we see power generation demand. Industrial, I already 
shared mining and rail is where we are seeing the building order books. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Shveta, my first question is, are there any product 
gaps that you see today that you want to bring to the market? 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Shveta Arya: 
Puneet. We don't see product gaps. What we always endeavour to do is pack more power into 
each of our products. And we continuously work on that. So we didn't have product gaps, we 
have lots of opportunities to pack in more power into existing products so that they become more 
value for money for our customers. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. And secondly, you talked about extended warranty scheme. How do you book your 
revenues for that product? Is it at the time it you sell or through the life? 
Shveta Arya: 
I don't think I'll be able to share all the details for this. This is booked just as per the service of 
vendors. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to ask your thoughts on the BESS. So we talked about 
it, I think, 1, 1.5 years back. Any thoughts on BESS since there's a lot of planning in India also 
over the next 5 years in terms of BESS targets. I just wanted your thoughts for the Indian entity 
on BESS? 
Shveta Arya: 
Thanks for the question. We have generated a lot of interest and a lot of inquiries. We have to 
see some good sales coming in. For now, there's a lot of interest and a lot of inquiries for battery 
energy storage systems coming out. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. And second, I wanted to ask you told me about the Colocation inquiries, especially from 
October that has picked up. I just wanted to understand in terms of our portfolio currently, So is 
there any product gap in terms of servicing probably the large-scale data centres if the 
opportunity comes for next 2, 3 years? 
And second, in terms of capacity, are we kind of thinking of major expansion? You said 70% 
utilization. But seeing the kind of demand which we are sensing for the next couple of years, at 
what point we will be thinking of capacity expansion in a big way? And I would probably 
frontloading, any thoughts on, any major capex you might be thinking? These two questions. 
Thanks. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thanks. From Colo players, we do not have a product gap. They continue to buy our QSK60. 
And for the next 3 years, we see the demand for that note from Colo players. So, no product gap. 
From a capacity perspective, I did mention that we have been investing, in fact, in the last 5 
years. In Cummins India Limited, we have invested more than INR1,000 crores. What we have 
been using it for is continuously modernization of our plants and expanding our line capability, 
more output from the same line. And that has been happening over the last 5 years. 
We also have very, very integrated supply chains around the world. So as capacity is, similar 
kind of output generation from different plants around the world happens, we can tap into that 
as well. For now, no major capital expenditure plan. The continuous capital that we have been 
investing in the last 5 years, we will continue to invest that to get more output from each of our 
installed bases today. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Lastly, if you can share the non-data centre growth in domestic power gen. How has been 
the growth this financial year? 
Shveta Arya: 
Non-data centre growth in power generation has also been very good. It is higher double digits 
as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Uttham Kumar from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Uttham Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the power gen segment. I just want 
to understand that post the transition to CPCB IV+ kind of technology, initially, we have 
highlighted that the price hikes were as much as about 30% to 35%. Is the pricing still sustaining? 
Or have you seen kind of pressures because of competitors also trying to maintain at the lower 
end? That's the first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Pricing is largely sustaining across the range. Of course, in lower ranges, which we call very low 
cost power products, there always in this market, there has been a lot of price-related competition 
which continues. Largely pricing has sustained at the levels we have. 
Uttham Kumar: 
Got it. The second question is on distribution business. So we are seeing for the full year, around 
22% growth. Could you highlight what would have been the price-led growth for this particular 
category? 
Shveta Arya: 
Price-led growth is in the distribution business is very less. In the distribution business, the 
growth that we have been building is through the actions we have been taking. So Distribution 
business is providing more and more solutions to end customers, be it power generation or in 
railways. 
 
They have been working towards providing service packages for predictive maintenance. We 
have been working on expanding sales beyond parts related to the engine, so a lot of dual fuel 
kits, retrofit emission control devices and many other such opportunities. So really from a pricing 
perspective, that is not the major contributor to the 22%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mayank from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Mayank: 
Yes. Hi Shveta and team. Good morning to you. One first question on the data centre project 
cycle. I just want to understand the ordering and execution that happens there. So let's say, if a 
data centre build-out takes 3 years to build, at what point will the customer order gensets on to 
you? At what point will you deliver it to the customer and how the revenue recognition takes 
place during that time? That's my first question. 
Shveta Arya: 
Yes. Mayank, 6 to 12 months before the site is ready, we would get those orders. It could be 
much earlier than that also, depends on how people plan their site, largely on an average 6 
months to 12 months before their sites are ready. 
Mayank: 
Okay. And revenue recognition is most, the majority of it is on the revenue input? 
Shveta Arya: 
As we install the gensets on the site, we recognize the revenue. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you Mayank. Kindly come back for a follow up question. Next question is from the line 
of Kishore Kumar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So my question is a follow-up to the question of Amits on BESS. 
How do you see this segment scaling up over a period of 3 to 5 years? And what would be the 
overall contribution of this to the business? And second is, do we have localized supply chain 
for this? Or it's more of an import dependent here? 
Shveta Arya: 
We do see we are, we have a positive outlook on the BESS business in India. We see it scaling 
up. We see it becoming part of the overall backup power solution for our customers. As of today, 
because we do not have very good sales pipeline yet and we are still seeing customers evaluate 
how they want to add a BESS in their overall power solutions, we are not able to share with you 
what we see as the contribution. 
As the market moves, as we see more installations, as we get feedback from customers, then we 
will be able to share contribution. Over the longer-term period, we do remain very positive on 
the outlook of battery energy storage systems. From the supply being localized. No. For this 
product, we do not have a local supply chain yet. We are working towards that, but we do not 
have a local product yet. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Got it. Who are the customer cohorts that currently we are targeting? 
Shveta Arya: 
That is something I will not be able to share with you. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Okay. Thank you, ma’am. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vijay Bhasin from InCred Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Vijay Bhasin: 
Hi Shveta. Is it possible to have a split of revenue growth over the last 2 years into pricing versus 
volume given the CPCB IV+ core price hikes has been completely absorbed by the market? 
Shveta Arya: 
Vijay, that would be very tough to do. If I were to give you some indication, that would be a lot 
of volume-led growth. Price and content addition, yes, in the CPCB IV+ range. But please 
remember that beyond the CPCB IV+ range we have the high horsepower range and we have 
the industrial business and the distribution business. So overall, it actually volume led growth. 
Vijay Bhasin: 
Fair. Second, you mentioned to an earlier participant that India data centre demand is more of 
Colocation than Hyperscalers. What we understand is that the Hyperscalers now picking up 
pace, what we have seen in the US and Europe markets. And given there's low competition in 
the HHP space, above 800 kV levels, is it fair to assume that the margins would potentially be 
better hereon from, let's say, a medium-term outlook, if not immediately short term? 
Shveta Arya: 
Thanks for the question, Vijay. Vijay, a lot of inquiries and orders from the Colo players, and 
yet I would mention that both the Hyperscalers and Colo players are developing in India. Just 
back in the prior year, we did not see this kind of order velocity from Colo players, which we 
are seeing now. But both Hyperscalers and Colo players are growing in India at this point in 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
time, and we are getting to see enquiries and orders from both. So as for the margin question, 
that is very difficult to answer. Of course, every business tries to maximize the margins. Then 
you provide higher value to your customers. And it is rightful to say in the high horsepower 
range, beyond the technology, the service and the solutions we provide, we try to provide higher 
value to our customers for sure. So that is our endeavour. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashish from MLP. Please go ahead. 
Ashish: 
Hi Shveta, congratulations hello? Hello? 
Moderator: 
Go ahead sir you are audible. 
Ashish: 
Hi Shveta, congratulations for the good set of numbers. I just wanted to understand what would 
be the lead time for HHP ordering because with the higher commodity price, would we assume 
that the orders which were taken previously will have some margin pressure, but then going 
forward, as we take new orders that should abate? 
Shveta Arya: 
So the lead time for high horsepower orders, I did answer the data centre lead time earlier, but 
overall high horsepower portfolio lead time will be between 3 to 6 months. 
Ashish: 
Okay. And so should we expect some near-term commodity impact and then it gets passed on 
to the customer? Or do we have any price escalation on the orders that we have already taken? 
Shveta Arya: 
This is quite challenging for us to manage. We, of course, try to pass on the commodity increases 
to our customers. There usually is some lag in the way we are able to deal with it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Hi Shveta, thank you for taking my question. Just one question, right? On the moderation of 
demand that you envisaged because of how the macro is panning out, but just your thought, right 
in terms of the criticality of the pipeline that we have, how much of short-term commodity prices 
could impact decisions from some of these very long-term projects, right? So versus, let's say, 5 
years back, the quality of pipeline that we had and right now, how inelastic, so to say, is the 
demand versus what it was 5 years back? 
Shveta Arya: 
The way to think about this would be that from projects which come in the high horsepower 
range, from a power gen perspective, the demand should largely be inelastic because these are 
more project-based, which was planned earlier, and only commodity price increases, will not 
make changes to how the projects are planned and how they will get executed. 
But on the lower ranges, below high horsepower, which is CPCB IV+ range, yes, because the 
lead times are shorter for these orders and the inquiries also keeps coming in regularly. There 
could be impact. There could be impact which the commodities go higher and if inflation hits 
even higher, then that is the space where we can start seeing demand to be more elastic or the 
velocity reducing. 
Prolin Nandu: 
That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Hi Shveta, good set of numbers. So, congratulations. Could you help us with? 
Moderator: 
Bhavin, sorry to interrupt. Can I request you to speak a little louder, please? 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay. Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, thank you. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So, Shveta, good set of results, congratulations. I have one question there is a set of couple of 
nodes which are imported which are for the data centres. Could you help us with the lead time 
on this? Beyond that, if you could also talk about the supply chain-related aspects? Because in 
the COVID times, there were issues related to electronics which impacted. These are the two 
questions that I have. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thanks, Bhavin. The imported nodes for data centres, I won't be able to share with you the exact 
lead times. But on the supply chain impacts on those nodes, unlike COVID times, at this point 
in time, the supply chain impact on the imported nodes is largely because demand on these nodes 
is coming from all across the world. 
And that causes a situation where the demand is moving far higher than the pace of addition of 
capacity. But it's not supply chain issues like electronics or other. It's a regular part of the way 
we manage our supply chain. Of course, when you see high demand on some nodes throughout 
the world, you deal with supply issues in various different parts. But we have been working 
through those in the last 2 years or so. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. On the electronics front? 
Shveta Arya: 
We don't see a challenge. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Great. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Shveta a few questions. The first one, the context of the first 
question is that you said 30%, 35% power gen share of data centres this is actually even higher 
than what the global parent has at about 25%. I would want to assume that the global parent does 
a lot more in power gen versus what India does. And I recall you talking about transmission 
earlier as well. Could you kind of relate to us where the differences and what power gen globally, 
the parent is doing, and what we are doing and where there are pockets of opportunities from 
India perspective? 
Shveta Arya 
Yes, Aditya, thanks. Aditya, 30% to 35% is data centre share for India power gen. For the parent, 
that 25% number is not just the share of power gen. We'll have to relook at those numbers. This 
is a share of the broader business. So it is not comparative. Their share of data centre only for 
power gen will be higher because the US market and the China market have been growing in the 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
data centre space much faster than us. And that is why their share, if you were to take a similar 
comparison, only data centre revenue compared to just overall power gen revenue will be much 
higher than ours, owing to the fact that their data centre market has been growing much faster 
than ours. Ours has started picking up pace since last October. 
So power gen globally versus India, I think the key difference is that in the India power gen 
market, since we have shifted to CPCB IV+, we are at the highest emission norms that we see 
anywhere else in the world. We have been seeing growth both across CPCB IV+ ranges and the 
high horsepower ranges. 
For our parent, the high horsepower growth has been far faster than any other segments growth. 
For us, it has been more broad-based growth given that growth in manufacturing, growth in 
pharma, growth in commercial and residential realty and other segments have also been very 
good. 
So that, I would say, is the primary difference between the growth in power gen for us and the 
growth in power gen for parent. Now the pockets of opportunity. pockets of opportunity for us 
will be if India data centre market starts growing at the pace at which US and China. That would 
present to us a very, very good opportunity, which is not happening yet today. 
Aditya Mongia: 
I'll probably put my second question related to this one. So the parent is also talking about the 
new products that they are launching, wherein the genset just doesn’t work as a backup 
application, but also the prime mover application, let's say, in peak shaving times and so on and 
so forth. There are a few more that the parent has added to it and again, I'm trying to kind of 
suggest or seek from you that beyond BESS, are there other allied, lets say power solutions or 
aspects that we can focus upon that may have a life to them over the next 2, 3 years? 
Shveta Arya: 
You are right. So the parent has spoken about a gas product very specifically for the US market 
to operate when there is peak shaving in the power. In India, we do not see those kind of 
opportunities. And beyond the BESS, there are some opportunities that we are evaluating. As 
and when we have some maturity on those, we will share with you. As of today, there's nothing 
that I can share yet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi Shveta. So my question is on distribution business. So in the last few calls, you've been saying 
a lot of effort has been put, to build up this business. And so just wanted to understand now 
CPCB IV+ is now already implemented, so do you think that, I assume that a large part of our 
installed base would have already been covered. So do you think that there is still scope for this 
business to grow in excess of 20%, which it has been delivering for the last couple of years? 
Shveta Arya: 
We do think there is scope for distribution business is to grow, owing to the fact that the asset 
base is continuously increasing in India. And of course, I did mention CPCB IV+ and also in 
high horsepower range, it really happens to the customer that the asset is maintained and serviced 
and is ready for use as and when they need it. So yes, there are those opportunities. 

 
 
Cummins India Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
In railways and in mining as well, as the asset base increases, there are opportunities. There are 
some pockets in the construction segment, there are pockets in defence. So yes, all of these 
present us opportunities, which come with the growth of the asset base, with distribution 
business going out and creating solutions for the customer and also helping them with predictive 
maintenance and such services. Also, we are adding to our distribution portfolio, to distribute 
parts and services beyond engines as well. That is added growth opportunities, we definitely see 
distribution business continuing to be on this growth trajectory. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Second question on the residential real estate, Shveta. So I mean we are, I cover that sector for 
long years now. So what I have seen is the trend change that before 2020, it was more like mid-
income, mid-luxury housing. But the transition over the last 4 years, 5 years has been super 
luxury and beyond and the volumes have also significantly increased over the last 4 or 5 years. 
So on the ground, I mean, when we see that next 3 to 4 years, there are huge deliveries of these 
apartments being planned in the last stages of delivery, so do you see any sense on the ground, 
whether the per capita consumption of the backup power, given these are luxury projects, have 
you seen that more units are getting deployed on the ground? So could there be a scale change 
altogether in the growth, which real estate portfolio can deliver on the power gen side, on the 
non-data centre power gen side? 
Shveta Arya 
Parikshit. Simple answer, no. The segment has been growing for us both. You are right, it is 
luxury residential realty which has been growing. We don't see a dramatic scale change. And 
they still remain backup power. So we do not see even the utilization going up. So we do not see 
dramatic scale change there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Shveta Arya for closing comments. 
Shveta Arya: 
Thank you so much for all your questions, and thank you for your participation and engagement. 
India's economic outlook remains steady supported by government initiatives, focus on 
manufacturing and capital investment. The company remains focused on timely execution of 
orders, maintaining supply chain resilience and leveraging its technological strengths. With this, 
I would like to close this call. Thank you so much for all of you for joining us today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Cummins India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
