May 14, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
              Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
              Dalal Street, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
 
Mumbai- 400001 
(SYMBOL: THYROCARE)  
             (SCRIP CODE: 539871) 
Sub: Transcript of post results earning conference call held on May 12, 2026, with 
Analyst/Investors.  
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 and other applicable regulations of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with Analysts 
and Investors held on May 12, 2026.  
The same has also been made available on the website of the Company 
https://investor.thyrocare.com/  
We request you to please take the same on record. 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Thyrocare Technologies Limited,     
Brijesh Kumar 
 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl. A/a 
Brijesh Kumar
Digitally signed by Brijesh Kumar 
Date: 2026.05.14 12:48:29 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL GUHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJDEEP PANWAR – CHIEF COMMERCIAL 
OFFICER – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
DR. RAMESH KINHA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKRAM GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PREET JOSHI – STRATEGY AND INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ALOK KUMAR JAGNANI – NON-EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR - THYROCARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Thyrocare Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call, hosted by Thyrocare Technologies Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Preet Joshi from Thyrocare. Thank you. And over to you, 
sir. 
Preet Joshi: 
Thank you, Swapnali. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm Preet 
Joshi from Strategy Team at Thyrocare. It is a pleasure to welcome you all to the Q4 FY '26 
earnings call for Thyrocare. Joining me on the call today are Mr. Rahul Guha, our MD and CEO; 
Mr. Rajdeep Panwar, our Chief Commercial Officer; Dr. Ramesh Kinha, our Chief Operating 
Officer; and Mr. Vikram Gupta, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I hope you have gone through our results release, the quarterly earnings presentation and the 
press release, which has been uploaded on the stock exchange website. A transcript of this call 
will be available in a week's time on the company's website.  
 
Please note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in 
relation to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any 
further questions, please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Rahul Guha to make the opening remarks. Over to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, Preet. Good morning, and welcome to the call. Thank you for taking out time from 
your busy schedules to join us this evening. As in all my calls, I will start with a quote from 
Nelson Mandela in recognition of our foray into Africa. It is in your hands to make a better world 
for all who live in it. We believe Thyrocare can take its business model to Africa and make 
affordable, high-quality diagnostics accessible to all. 
 
Before I get into specifics, I want to take a step back and talk about how we see the diagnostics 
industry evolving. In today's health care landscape, diagnostics is no longer a back-end support 
function. It is central to clinical decision-making and increasingly to preventive health 
management. 
 
Patients today expect convenience, speed and reliability as a baseline and are actively looking 
for trusted partners who can deliver end-to-end diagnostic solutions seamlessly. This shift aligns 
closely with our own mission at Thyrocare to make preventive health care easy to deploy, 
consistent in quality and accessible to all. 
 
Against this backdrop, FY '26 has been a year of meaningful progress for us, not just in terms of 
growth, but in terms of strengthening the foundation of the business. We are very proud of some 
of the key milestones that we achieved in FY '26. Thyrocare was certified as a Great Place to 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Work, a recognition by the global authority on workplace culture, reflecting our commitment to 
fostering a positive, inclusive and empowering environment for our people. 
 
We were recognized at the 4th National Diagnostic Forum & Awards by Voice of Healthcare 
with two prestigious awards, Best Diagnostic Lab Chain of the Year, National, and more 
importantly, Patient-Centric Diagnostic Company of the Year, National. During the year, we 
onboarded Madhuri Dixit as the brand ambassador for Thyrocare, which is an important step in 
strengthening brand recall and consumer trust at a national level. 
 
Our diagnostic portfolio continues to do well, Aarogyam growing in line with the company 
growth rate. But the highlight was Jaanch, which grew at 66% this quarter year-on-year, showing 
the move towards more specialized disease-specific testing even in the annual health checkup 
space. 
 
We expanded our diagnostics portfolio significantly into the specialty space. One key addition 
was allergy testing, which was introduced using the Phadia platform and currently has over 250 
SKUs. We started our foray into genomic testing on May 1, a segment that is nascent but 
directionally significant for Indian diagnostics. 
 
The global genomics market is projected to exceed $100 billion by 2030. And India with one of 
the highest burdens of genetic disorders, including thalassemia, sickle cell disease and hereditary 
cancers 
represents 
a 
structurally 
underpenetrated 
opportunity. 
Carrier 
screening, 
pharmacogenomics and cancer pre-disposition panels are seeing early but accelerating demand, 
particularly amongst urban health aware consumers with a franchise network of almost 11,000 
collection points and a deep brand trust in preventive testing.  
 
Thyrocare is well positioned to bring genomic testing to a broader patient base at accessible 
price points, democratizing a category that has largely remained confined to metro hospitals and 
specialty clinics. We are approaching this methodically, starting with defined panel offerings, 
particularly non-invasive prenatal testing, building clinical validation and layering physical 
education before scaling aggressively. 
 
Now we have more than 10,800 franchisees. As a result, we processed 210 million tests in FY 
'26, which grew by 23% year-on-year. It's important to contextualize that this volume is higher 
than some of our biggest competitors combined. We serve 19.2 million patients in FY '26, which 
increased by 15% year-on-year. 
 
As we continue to scale, our focus remains anchored on delivering high-quality diagnostics with 
consistently faster turnaround times. In Q4 FY '26, 97% of our samples are processed in NABL-
accredited owned laboratories, with every reports being reviewed by qualified MD Pathologist. 
 
We have also made significant progress on our quality metrics, with complaints reducing to 3.06 
per million tests, thus sustaining a Six Sigma level of performance. Also, during the quarter, we 
delivered an average turnaround time of 3.43 hours from sample receipt, supported by our 
laboratory operations and a strong well-integrated logistics backbone. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
This allows us to ensure timely access to critical diagnostic information across the country. Thus, 
overall, FY '26 has been about building scale with consistently, while continuing to invest in 
capabilities that will drive the next phase of growth. 
 
With that, I will now hand it over to Rajdeep to take you through the business and commercial 
updates. Over to Rajdeep. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Thank you, Rahul, and good morning to everyone joining us today. I'll take a few minutes to 
walk you through how the business performed during the year and the key drivers behind this 
performance. At an overall level, we delivered strong growth this year, with consolidated 
revenue delivering 21% year-on-year growth in FY '26 and 20% year-on-year growth in Q4 FY 
'26, primarily driven by our core pathology business. 
 
For the year, our flagship brand, Aarogyam, continues to lead preventive health care segment, 
growing at 20% year-on-year this quarter, complemented by Jaanch, which caters to curative 
and chronic health needs. Though just being 2% of overall pathology revenue, Jaanch has also 
grown at 66% year-on-year this quarter and is becoming a strong pillar of our lifestyle offering. 
 
Let me now break this down across our key business segments. In FY '26, franchisee business 
delivered 18% Y-o-Y growth and in Q4 FY '26, 21% Y-o-Y growth. It has now been almost 3 
years since we implemented the pay-for-performance structure, which has led to renewed energy 
and motivation within our franchisee network to move up volumes and enter higher slabs.  
 
Supported by this renewed energy, along with strong brand equity and market demand, our 
franchisee base has reached its highest ever level of 10,800 active franchisees in Q4 FY '26. To 
further accelerate growth, we have expanded both our field and central teams, enabling us to 
penetrate deeper into India and open high transacting stores more quickly. 
 
The activation of our specialty division will complement our broader growth strategy by 
strengthening our omnichannel presence. enabling us to become a one-stop solution for our 
partners and drive higher wallet share within our existing network. To further strengthen 
engagement and relationship with our franchisees, we regularly conduct structured interactions.  
 
This year, to further drive franchisee engagement, we hosted 13 franchisee meetings across 
different locations in India, with a healthy participation from our franchisee partners, where 774 
partners attended. Insights and feedback from these interactions directly inform how we 
strengthen process, service delivery and quality outcomes. 
 
Moving to our partnership business. As we know, this continues to be a strong growth engine 
for us. In FY '26, partnership business grew at 32% year-on-year. And in Q4 FY '26, the growth 
was 23%. This growth has been led by strong momentum in insurance and healthtech segments. 
 
Along with continued scaling of existing accounts, our API-based integration are also enabling 
partners to expand diagnostics offering across multiple cities seamlessly, which is strengthening 
our positioning as a preferred B2B partner. In Q4 FY '26, growth at 23% in our partnership has 
been lower than expected versus previous quarter in this financial year. But it is important to 
note that this is a one-off dip. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
This dip is primarily because last year, we had a one-off boost in our partnership business, 
primarily due to an aggressive push on camps, especially during the Maha Kumbh period and 
the initial investment to build traction in the insurance segment as well. This year, we have 
normalized our pricing into the insurance segment, and therefore, the growth has been slower in 
this segment. 
 
And of course, the scale of camps this year has been much lower. The extent of the one-off was 
approximately INR4 crores in Q4 FY '25. And normalizing for that, the partnership segment still 
grew at 32%, which is in line with the historical growth across the previous 3 quarters in the 
year. 
 
Thus, our overall focus has been on building depth across channels, improving partner 
productivity and expanding the value we deliver through a wider test portfolio and stronger 
service capabilities. 
 
With that, I will hand it over to Dr. Kinha to walk you through operations and lab initiatives. 
Ramesh Kinha: 
Thank you, Rajdeep. Good morning, and a warm welcome to everyone joining us today. I'll 
focus on three areas today. First, our lab network expansion; second, operational capabilities and 
research; and third, on how we are improving patient experience. So let me start with our first 
area of the lab network. 
 
Our lab network now stands at 40 labs in India and one in Tanzania. This year, we expanded our 
geographic footprint further across India and opened seven new labs, each at Bhagalpur, Mandi, 
Roorkee, Kashmir, Davanagere, Vijaywada and Gwalior. This helped us expand our reach in 
significant geographies and add capacity there where nearby labs capacity was about to get 
exhausted and meet better TAT commitments.  
 
But beyond capacity, lab expansion plays a much larger role. It builds patient trust at the first 
point of contact, especially in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets, driving repeat usage and referrals. It 
also strengthens our B2B proposition, making us a more compelling pan-India partner for 
corporates, insurers and hospital networks.  
 
And finally, our hub-and-spoke model ensures strong economics, allowing incremental volumes 
to flow into existing infrastructure, driving better utilization and operating leverage as the 
network scales. Now, let's move on to the second area of operational capabilities and research.  
 
During the year, we continued to strengthen our test portfolio and operational capabilities, 
including the addition of Phadia-based allergy testing platform and other 20-plus specialized 
tests, including histopathology, a new HPLC platform, specialized coagulation test, next-
generation sequencing and the BioFire PCR platform to the portfolio.  
 
Our genomics expansion is underway, with a strong focus on building a comprehensive specialty 
test portfolio. Starting with NIPT, we are adding tests in a structured phased manner to enhance 
clinical depth and drive growth in precision diagnostics. We also continue to translate real-world 
diagnostic data into actionable clinical insights.  

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
For example, our fever study based on approximately 3 years of data from our Jaanch fever 
panels revealed that 1 in 3 fevers are linked to more complex infections such as dengue, typhoid, 
malaria and influenza. This reinforces the need for timely and comprehensive testing, which we 
address through our Jaanch fever profile.  
 
One more example is our Bharat Aarogyam Score study, which is based on the data collected 
between 2023 and 2025 from over 1 lakh patients over the country, reveals 96% of individuals 
exhibit risk for at least one health condition, indicating that very few people have completely 
optimal health parameters. 
 
Now, coming to the third focus area of patient experience, which is something I care deeply 
about. Diagnostics is fundamentally a trust business. Every improvement we made this year was 
driven by a simple question. Does this make the patient feel more confident on us? To maintain 
credibility, we continually reinforce the four foundational pillars that underpin trust in medical 
diagnostics. 
 
First is accuracy and quality. This continues to be non-negotiable for us, supported by NABL-
accredited labs and ongoing equipment upgrades, whereas our 90% samples are processed at 
NABL-accredited labs. Second is faster resolution when things go wrong. I agree no service is 
perfect every time, but what sets a trusted brand apart is how quickly and transparently it resolves 
the issues.  
 
We strengthened our complaint management channels, reduced resolution time lines and 
improved proactive communication with the patients. This year, we achieved Six Sigma levels 
in complaint management, with the set metric standing at 3.06 complaints per million test for 
Q4 FY '26.  
 
Third is faster reports. We have worked extensively on improving logistics and lab processes, 
bringing our turnaround time to 3.43 hours in the quarter. And fourth, strengthening trust with 
the doctors, who are often the first point of contact for patients. We continue to deepen our 
engagement through multiple forums, meetings and on-ground interactions. 
 
During the year, we conducted nine doctor meets with participation from approximately 300 
doctors. Additionally, we recently started inviting doctors to visit our labs, where 256 doctors 
had visited our labs across India, where we showcased our quality systems, advanced equipment 
and strengthened quality control processes, while also addressing awareness gaps around our 
capabilities. Thus, overall, our focus has been on building an operations backbone that can 
support scale without compromising on quality or experience. 
 
With that, I'll now hand it over to Vikram for financial performance. 
Vikram Gupta: 
Good morning, everyone, and a warm welcome. Thank you for joining us today. I am pleased 
to report that we have delivered another strong quarter, along with a solid full-year performance 
for FY '26, driven by consistent revenue growth. We continue to deliver growth in the early-20s 
with all our key strategic drivers performing well.  

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Our stand-alone business remains strong and continues to grow higher than industry average. 
Both our franchisee and partnership business continues to execute very well. On the international 
front, our Tanzania operations, though small in base but has also grown by 75% for us year-on-
year.  
 
In radiology, as covered in earlier calls also, we undertook some strategic consolidation of 
centers during the year. While this has temporary impact on the growth, the overall financial 
performance has improved with a stronger bottom line. Overall, our steady performance reflects 
disciplined execution, and we remain focused on delivering consistent growth going forward. 
 
Now, let me take you through the key financial highlights for the current quarter. Starting with 
revenue, our stand-alone revenue came in at INR210 crores, which is up 21% year-on-year, 
driven by strong growth across franchisee and partnership business. On a consolidated basis, 
revenue stood at INR224 crores, reflecting a healthy 20% year-on-year growth.  
 
Moving to margins and profitability. Our consolidated gross margin has improved to 74.7%, an 
increase of over 113 basis points year-on-year. This was largely driven by better negotiations 
and a strong growth in test volumes, which has helped improving operating efficiency. 
Employee and other overhead cost has increased year-on-year, primarily due to annual inflation, 
higher volume growth and continued investment in the new growth areas like specialty.  
 
Our EBITDA margin for the quarter was 34%, with EBITDA growing 31% year-on-year, 
supported by strong revenue growth and improved gross margins. Profit after tax stood at 
INR48.7 crores with a PAT margin of 21.7%. This represents a 128% year-on-year growth. 
 
Now moving to our full-year performance. For FY '26, stand-alone revenue reached INR774 
crores while consolidated revenue stood at INR829 crores, reflecting a strong 21% year-on-year 
growth. Pathology revenue grew by 22% in FY '26, while radiology revenue saw a decline of 
6% during the year.  
 
On profitability, in absolute terms, EBITDA for the year stood at INR262 crores and profit after 
tax was INR163 crores, reflecting strong growth of 38% and 81% year-on-year. Earnings per 
share adjusted for last year bonus issue came in at INR2.99, which is up by 64% from INR1.82 
last year. 
 
Our balance sheet remains strong with a net cash and investment of INR230 crores plus and zero 
debt as on 31 March, '26. On the cash flows, we generated INR213 crores from operating 
activities after tax during the year. Before I hand over, I would also like to share that Board of 
Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR7 per equity share for the year ended March 
31, 2026. 
 
With that, I now hand over to Rahul for the strategic updates. Thank you. 
Alok: 
In the meantime, if Rahul is unable to connect, can we ask Rajdeep to update the strategic piece 
on behalf of Rahul. Rajdeep, are you on the call? 
Moderator: 
Rajdeep, sir, your line is unmuted. Please go ahead. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Yes. I'll take it from here. 
Alok: 
Yes, Rajdeep. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Thank you, Alok, and thank you, Vikram. Briefly, I would like to take a few minutes to recap to 
the strategic direction, and then we'll open it up for Q&A. First, I will reiterate our value 
proposition to customers. We will continue to remain an affordable option to all patients with 
good quality and on-time reports.  
 
All our efforts on our value proposition is towards ensuring low cost to the patient, assurance on 
quality of testing through our certifications and engagement with doctors. We have made 
substantial progress on this, which I updated in my initial comments and is reflected in the 
presentation as well. This will remain at our core, and will continue to guide all that we will do.  
 
Second, our strategy. We continue to maintain our strategy of being the B2B partner of choice 
to all front-end diagnostic services companies in India, whether it is a small diagnostic center in 
a semi-urban area, a pharmacy in a metro, a small nursing home, an individual doctor or a leading 
online diagnostics platform and healthtech marketplaces.  
 
We are happy to work with them through our genomics expansion underway, with a strong focus 
on building a comprehensive specialty. And we are ensuring to provide a low-cost, robust testing 
solution so that they can serve their patients in the most effective manner. 
 
If they require phlebotomy, we are happy to mobilize our phlebotomy network of over 2,000 
phlebotomists, including our network partners to serve them better. This strategy has been 
working well for us, with both our franchisee and partnership business posting strong growth.  
 
As a natural extension of this strategy and in line with our vision to make quality diagnostics 
affordable and accessible, we are expanding our specialty segment, that is allergy and genomics 
by deploying an on-ground technical sales team to drive deeper doctor-led engagement, thus 
also making our strong entry into the curative segment, where we are extending the same quality 
standards we have already established in preventive diagnostics, while maintaining affordable 
pricing for patients, further strengthening our position as a comprehensive partner to our 
network. That in brief is our mandate as management. 
Rahul Guha: 
I'm back. I'll cover the last. 
Rajdeep Panwar: 
Yes, please. Please, Rahul. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, everyone, for giving us a patient hearing. I will once again end with the quote from 
the Mahatma. Find purpose. The means will follow. And our purpose remains to provide 
affordable, high-quality testing to the masses. With that, we will open up for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We will take the first question from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: 
Good morning to the team. I have two questions. The first question to Mr. Guha is a forward-
looking one. How do you see Thyrocare growing over the next few quarters in diagnostic and 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
preventive space? What are the main priorities on your table, like adding new tests or using 
digital platforms and improving customer trust? 
 
All of these, what do you feel will help the company stay ahead of the competition and build a 
stronger position in the market? That's my first question. I will ask my second question after 
this. 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. Our strategy remains more or less the same. So, the key drivers of growth for us are 
franchise expansion. If you see over the last 4 years, we have been able to maintain a 25% CAGR 
on our franchise expansion, culminating in almost 11,000 franchisees by the end of this financial 
year. 
 
And if you go through the disclosures, we've also shown how an FY '22 franchisee matures, FY 
'23 franchisee matures, '24 and so on, right? So actually, if you look at the next 4 quarters, it's 
actually work that has been done almost 2 years ago because those are the franchisees that were 
added 2 years ago that will start contributing to the growth in this financial year, FY '27 to speak.  
 
The franchisees that we are adding now will contribute in FY '28 and '29. -- right? So, franchise 
expansion remains at the core of our execution. The other is our partnerships, right? As I had 
mentioned earlier, if you look at every major healthtech player, we work with them.  
 
If you look at every major, what we call wellness provider, we work with them, but we have just 
started to scratch the surface on insurance and other allied segments. So, I believe there's a lot 
of work to be done to capture the opportunity in that business because there are many players 
now who are in the healthtech or healthcare space that also want to offer their patients 
diagnostics, right?  
 
And Thyrocare being a B2B partner is actually the only partner who offers them that ability to 
expand their portfolio of offerings in health care to their patients. So, I think those two have been 
our traditional drivers of growth and will continue to remain the traditional drivers of growth. 
 
The only new element that we have added for FY '27 is specialty, right? As Rajdeep had covered 
and I had covered, we have made quite a few investments in genomics, allergy, histopathology 
and other areas more towards moving the mix of Thyrocare into the specialty space.  
 
Of course, FY '27 will be our first year of the foray into specialty. So, it will be on a very small 
base. But definitely, if you look a 3-year out horizon, specialty will be a very large component 
of our growth going forward. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My second question to Mr. Gupta is looking forward, how will you balance spending on 
technology, new labs and shareholder return while keeping costs under control? What long-term 
and short-term measures, maybe such as automation, supply chain improvements or vendor 
partnerships will be put into place to make sure margins stay strong here, even if the costs rise 
or if there's any compliance changes that happen? 
Rahul Guha: 
And maybe before I hand over to Vikram, I'll just give you a little bit of our operating 
philosophy, right, which is more like a Warren Buffett kind of operating philosophy, which is 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
first, savings, then expenditure, right? So we -- or in our case, first, margin protection, then 
expenditure, right? And so what I have always been guiding is that any operating leverage that 
comes out of the growth, obviously, we are growing at 20% plus and your cost doesn't increase 
that much. 
Any operating leverage that comes out of the business is what we invest in growth, but we try 
our best to preserve the base margin. So, very much a philosophy of first margin preservation 
and then surplus goes towards investment, towards capex, growth, new initiatives and so on. So, 
that's at a philosophy level. But I'll let Vikram take it at a more detailed level. 
Vikram Gupta: 
Yes. I think you have covered it, Rahul. So basically, though we are investing into new things, 
but as Rahul said, we are very calibrated into the investments, but we are going into the new 
things. Let's say, for the genomics, we are starting with the top 10 cities, North of India. So, we 
are calibrated in the investments, which we are doing. And plus on the supply chain also, as you 
covered, let's say, you have seen that our gross margin has improved by 113 basis points over 
the last year. 
So the benefit of scale continues to come, and we continue to invest that thing into the growth. 
So, we will protect our margin, whatever operating leverage that will come, that is going to be a 
guiding factor for the investments, which we will do into the new things. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Raman KV from Sequent Investments. 
Raman KV: 
Congratulations on good set of results. I have just 2 questions. One with respect to the margins. 
We have seen during the quarter, there is a strong uptick in the gross margin. Can you just help 
us understand where the gross -- the reasons for the gross margin expansion? And is this the new 
normal? 
And can you also help us understand that whether the Tanzania business has breakeven, which 
led to the contribution towards the higher gross margin, as well as the diagnostic business has 
rebounded with sharp margins during the quarter? So, can you also throw some light on that 
aspect? 
Rahul Guha: 
Understood. See, on the margin front, a large part, if you look at quarter-on-year, I think margins 
are more or less stable, right? So, I think if you look at it going forward, I think margins will be 
in that 73% to 74% range. 
It's a mixture of basically good negotiation with the vendors to be able to realize volume benefits 
from the volume that we are able to purchase as well as last quarter, there would have been some, 
how do you say, catch-up effect of the ROU, but that is now fully baked into Q4 '24.  
 
So, I think you can expect the steady-state margins for the business to be around 73% to 74%, 
barring any abnormal price hike in reagents that may come out as a consequence of the war or 
the supply chain side. But otherwise, it should be in that range. I forgot your second question, 
actually. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Raman KV: 
Sir, the follow-up on that was whether the Tanzania business has breakeven, which contributed 
to the higher margin. And also from the PPT, I can see that your -- even though your diagnostic 
business revenue declined by 9% to 10%, your margin has increased in the diagnostic business. 
So with the latest acquisition, which you announced of Think Diagnostics, are you planning to 
expand your diagnostic business as well? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. See, we still haven't broken even in Tanzania, right? So, I would say we've been in Tanzania 
now about 18 months odd and we still haven't broken even. So, that is not the reason. Though 
the Tanzania losses are minimal. I think it's less than INR1 crores is the overall Tanzania 
quarterly losses. 
So to that extent, we have come down quite a bit on the Tanzania front. And if you look at it 
overall, I think our gross margins, as I said, have sustained because this year has been a fantastic 
year in terms of test volume growth, and we were able to get a significant amount of volume 
discount from our vendors. 
Raman KV: 
Understood, sir. And sir, my last question is there has been a huge uptick in the test volumes 
during the quarter. So is it because there -- have you been seeing any GLP-1 traction starting 
from this quarter? And going forward, can we expect the same like 15% test volume growth in 
the coming year -- for the coming year? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. I think, look, this quarter, the test volume growth was a bit of a strategic investment. So for 
the quarter, I think we delivered almost 29% test volume growth. And that comes largely from 
-- we received actually some good deals on the biochemistry side. And we were able to, as a 
result, reduce our prices a little bit on the biochemistry side. And we became very competitive 
in biochemistry. Just for background, Thyrocare was always known for thyroid, which is a 
particular technology called immunoassay and we've been very, very strong in that space.  
 
But this quarter, because we were given some good offers in biochemistry, we launched a set of 
biochemistry parameters at an attractive price. And actually, we were very pleasantly surprised 
by the test volume uptick that we saw. 
Raman KV: 
And sir, the second part of the question, whether this will be the new normal, like 15% test 
volume growth in FY '27. Can we expect that? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, we always try to overall guide to a mid-teens kind of number and mostly from volume and 
mix. I think this year, we are now reasonably confident to revise it marginally upwards. I'm, of 
course, very cautious. So, I would say a mid- to high teens is a good growth expectation for next 
year, of which I expect volume growth to be the maximum driver, right? I would say almost 
75% of the revenue will come from volume and maybe about 25% from mix. We have no 
intention at this point in time to increase prices. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Yash Doshi from Unifi Capital Private Limited. 
Yash Doshi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Actually, while going to your press release, I found 
that you have mentioned that we will be venturing into allied business of consumables and 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
diagnostics. So, maybe can you just clarify on that? Which type of segment we are planning to 
enter in near future? 
Rahul Guha: 
I would like to keep it internal to the company for the next 1 or 2 quarters because we are just 
working on the overall launch plan. So, I think it will become clear to you by June or July of 
what segments we are entering into, right? But I will tell you the strategy is we have realized in 
many segments, we are a large consumer of allied diagnostic tests, right, and sufficient that we 
can also launch our own brand. 
And so we are planning to launch in that space. I can't share too many details because it's just in 
the launch phase. If I could request if you can be patient till June, July, it will become very clear, 
which areas we are entering by then. 
Yash Doshi: 
Okay. Understood. So basically, it's kind of -- if I infer, it's kind of some backward integration 
as we are the consumers of those consumer goods? 
Rahul Guha: 
You could say to some extent that. Just think of it as in the allied services space. That's it… 
Yash Doshi: 
Understood. And another part, I wanted to know is during the quarter, samples, I think in the 
presentation, it was not mentioned that how many samples have we processed? 
Rahul Guha: 
During the quarter, we would have processed -- I have -- it's there in one of the disclosures. We 
processed 80.3 lakh samples in Q4 of FY'26. 
Yash Doshi: 
Okay. And another part was on the Specialty segment. Can you throw light on the investments 
made, the field force, how many people have we employed? And what is the strategy around 
basically communicating to the franchisees, doctors? Just a light on Specialty segment. Can you 
just... 
Rahul Guha: 
See, the capex investments would not be much. They would be in the tune of about INR5 crores 
to INR8 crores, right? The real investments are on the opex side. We've put a team of, I think, 
about 40 people on the Specialty side. Their effective job is to go out and explain to doctors that 
Thyrocare is in the specialty space. 
 
This is our test menu. And of course, we always approach it with our philosophy of good quality 
testing made affordable to all, right? So, I think that's the extent of investments that we have 
made. The large investment, of course, is on the pricing side. We always come in with a 
disruptive pricing. 
 
So to that extent, the percentage gross margin in Specialty will be lower. But of course, given 
our realization per test is only INR30 to INR40, specialty test can be in the INR1,000, right? The 
absolute gross margin per test is of course much, much higher and the overhead costs are not to 
that extent. So, we should get a decent amount of operating leverage, but we will be very 
aggressive on price. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt in between, Yash. I would request you to kindly rejoin the queue for more 
questions. Thank you. We will take the next question is from the line of Chintan Sheth from 
Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, my question pertains to -- we are trying to expand test 
menu getting into the specialty, increasing the share of allied test, which you guys will be 
working on over the course of next year. How do you see vials per franchisee move? Because 
when I look at our past few quarters, we have been in the range of 450 to 550 kind of number 
vials per franchisee? 
 
With this test menu, does that entail that number to inch up linearly upwards going forward 
given that we have expanded our test menu over there? And if you can spell out how this scale-
up happens between the mature -- from the new franchisee to mature franchisee? 
How that vials per franchisee number moves? And if you can spell out what is the current mature 
vial number, which they are consistently doing? And is there any seasonality to it as well? That 
will be my first question. 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. See, franchisee addition, I expect to remain at the 500 per quarter run rate, right? Some 
quarters will be good. Some quarters will be bad. Seasonality-wise, during the festive season, 
Q3, typically, people do not open franchisees, whereas in Q1 and Q4 is when people open up 
franchisees. And so therefore, we see a good boost typically Q4 to Q2. 
And then, of course, it slows down in Q3 and then picks up again in Q4. But I expect about 500 
per quarter is -- because we have resourced that way, right? The constraint is not at the demand 
side. The constraint is our ability to onboard and scale up the franchisees to make them 
successful. So, I believe we are resourced for 500 a quarter. 
I think that's a good run rate to be able to maintain. Now coming to your second question, which 
is with the new test menu expansion. I expect our average revenue per franchisee to go up, but I 
don't expect a huge increase in the franchisee count, right. 
 
If you have -- if you look at it, Thyrocare has always been a routine and semi-specialized 
company. And so many of our franchisees, they will not turn away a customer because Thyrocare 
doesn't have the particular test in the menu. They will give it to someone else. 
Management: 
So, it is our hope that by launching these tests in our network. 
Rahul Guha: 
Right, that these franchisees now will not give it to someone else, but actually now move it to 
Thyrocare. And so therefore, the benefit will be in the average revenue per franchisee, not in 
virgin franchisees who have never worked with Thyrocare coming in. 
 
To your last question on the scale up, actually, in the presentation, we have shown exactly how 
the scale-up works. If a franchisee gives us x in year 1, it gives us 2.5 in year 2, 3.5 in year 3, 4 
in year 4 and 5x in year 5. So 1, 2.5, 3.5, 4, 5. And that number has stayed pretty stable over the 
last 4 years. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
And that goes to my opening comments where I said, look, the work that we are doing in 
Thyrocare and franchise addition is not for this year. It's for next year and the year after. The 
benefit we are getting in FY '27 is the work that was done in FY '25 and FY '26. And so that 
momentum continues. We haven't seen a decline in that. And I'm hopeful that as the franchise 
addition quality increases, that number will only get better. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Got it. And this 500 seems to be a little higher than what we earlier guided around 1,200 annually 
or 1,500 annually. Now, we are targeting 2,000, means we are kind of aggressively trying to 
onboard and penetrate the market. That would be the right reading? 
Rahul Guha: 
No. See, you should take 500 into 3, which is about 1,500. So for Q3 there are no additions. So 
to that extent, yes. So against 1,200, I think we are now comfortably achieving 1,500. So, that's 
what we are doing. Yes. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Got it. And this quarter, I'm seeing test per vials to inch up to 7.5 versus 6.77 historically. Is this 
the new normal? Or there is some -- you mentioned some scheme you guys have run in the test 
menu, which led to higher tests this quarter. So it will normalize to 7 per vial that would be -- 
that should be going ahead number? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. Just to clarify, at least it is my impression that it is closer to 10 in this quarter. Preet, can 
you clarify? 
Chintan Sheth: 
I'm just dividing the test by vials, number of vials. 
Rahul Guha: 
Okay. That is on the higher side. Because, see the test per patient is about 11. And typically, it's 
about 2.5 vials per patient. So, I don't know that calculation where it comes from. 
Chintan Sheth: 
I'll check with Preet then. 
Rahul Guha: 
It should be closer. See, if you take 80 million vials and 209 tests, it's roughly 3 tests per vial, 
which is kind of where I thought the figure would be. 
Chintan Sheth: 
Okay, I'll check and confirm. I'll turn back. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Congratulations for the great set of numbers. My first question is on the investment priorities. If 
I see for FY '26, the capex number looks really low, while we have already invested into 
genomics, the way that we have been talking about and also talking about the new specialty 
areas. So hence, what is the capex likely to be for FY '27? And what investment priorities that 
we will be having for the next year? 
Rahul Guha: 
All right. On capex, I think there is some up and down because of the ROU. So, I'll ask Vikram 
to explain it fully, right? Vikram, you can just take that, okay? 
Vikram Gupta: 
Yes. So, yes, that INR20 crores is the capex payout number, which you are looking in the cash 
flow. There is some opening capital advance and the opening stated number approximately 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
INR15 crores. Total capitalization during the year is around INR35 crores besides the machines 
which we have taken on lease rental.  
 
So to answer you, we have invested into the capex for the capacity also and we have opened new 
7 labs also. So, there is no conservatism or there is no underspend in the capex. We will continue 
to invest into the capex as per the requirement. So, total capitalization of approximately INR35 
crores across new labs, new capacity, etcetera, what we have done in -- which includes genomics. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. So in fact, that is also relatively low looking at the kind of operating cash flow that we 
are generating, sir, because we know this is a business where cash requirement is limited, rather 
it is a cash flowing business. So hence also it indicates that, okay, the kind of investment that we 
will be making, that will be indicating the quantum of growth that we can see. So from those 
angle, any investment plans and priorities that we'll be having and the quantum, if you can share 
for next year? 
Rahul Guha: 
Let me take that, Vikram. Just to explain, see the growth of this business is actually not 
determined by capex. We have sufficient lab capacity. We are present all over India with 40 
labs. Our average lab utilization is roughly about 65%. And you drop up in everywhere -- 
anywhere in India, you will find a Thyrocare lab within 150 kilometers. 
So from that point of view, our growth driver is not lab count and capex. Our growth driver is 
actually franchise addition and that is very asset-light, as you know, because we don't have any 
company-owned stores. It's all franchise-owned, franchise operated. So to this business, it has 
always been asset-light. Maintenance capex is roughly about INR40 crores with new expansion 
and all of that. We expect the capex to be in that range. And as a result, the cash flows to be 
available ex the capex as well. Our major focus is franchise addition. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure. Yes. So second question is on the kind of a specialty area that you have mentioned, 
particularly the genomic investments and genomic opportunity that you have highlighted in your 
opening remarks. Sir, is it possible to kind of give a sense that what is the quantum or what is 
the kind of business mix that -- or test mix that we can anticipate, let's say, 3 years down the line 
in the area of a genomic or specialty as a whole because you have also mentioned in your 
presentation about the ImmunoCAP BioFire Panels and all those kind of things. So, what is the 
share of a test mix from the specialty side, let's say, in the next 3-year time considering FY26 as 
a base year? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. See, our competitors specialty mix is roughly about 15% to 20%. I anticipate in 3 years 
reaching that level within Thyrocare as well. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. And regards the genomic, the kind of a strength in terms of the revenue potential that you 
have mentioned, so it is significantly underpenetrated as of now, it looks like mainly because of 
the price point. Is that understanding right, sir? 
Rahul Guha: 
That is correct. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Surya Patra: 
And just one question, book-keeping question about the financial year-end, sir. What is the kind 
of a lab number that we are currently having? What is the wellness mix? And also, if you can 
share what is the mix of your franchisee in terms of the urban and non-urban region? 
Rahul Guha: 
Understood. I missed the middle question. We have 39 labs plus 1 in Tanzania. I missed the 
second question. 
Surya Patra: 
Wellness mix, sir. 
Rahul Guha: 
Wellness mix? 
Surya Patra: 
Preventive, Aarogyam. 
Rahul Guha: 
Aarogyam will be about 33% of our overall mix and year-on-year growth it would have grown 
at about 19%, 20%. So, that is the wellness mix. Jaanch is also in my opinion, considered 
wellness. That is only 2% of our revenue today, but grew at 66% year-on-year. So, I think these 
are our two major wellness brands. And then on the mix of franchisees, I would say we are 
roughly about 20% urban, metro Tier 1 and I would say 80% Tier 2 and beyond. 
Surya Patra: 
And whether this ratio was same in the last year? 
Moderator: 
Surya, I request you to join back the queue, please, as we have participants waiting for their turn. 
Thank you.  
Surya Patra: 
Yes, sure.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Hi, good morning Rahul and team. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Rahul, just a clarification on capacity and lab expansion, just to understand it better. So for a 
given capacity at a lab, as you are seeing your test per patient increasing from 8, 9, 10, 11 
touching this year, the number of patients served then reduces for a given capacity either that 
happens, then you need to open a new lab or you have the technology present in the current lab 
to accommodate even more patients at an even higher test per patient rate. So if you can just 
clarify on that because you mentioned 65% capacity utilization, but I'm just seeking a 
clarification from you on this? 
Rahul Guha: 
Sure. See, the driver of capacity in a lab is the tube, not the number of tests in the tube because 
once you load a tube in the machine, whether the machine has to process 1 test or 10 tests, right, 
the capacity doesn't vary that much. 
My capacity is largely linked to how much time it takes to load a tube into a machine and unload 
a tube from a machine and take it to another machine. If you see, actually, our revenue or our 
tests per patient has increased. So in a way, tests per patient actually doesn't consume any 
additional capacity or very marginal. So to that extent, we are good on the capacity front. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Lokesh Manik: 
Understood. Rahul, my second question was since you are foraying into specialty now, do you 
foresee an increase in test -- revenue per test because the specialty will be at a much higher 
pricing. You won't take price hikes, but they'll be at a price higher. So, your blended revenue per 
test will increase. Would that be a fair understanding? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. And that is something we are all tracking to see how that mix moves. But yes, one would 
expect a material movement in revenue per test over the next couple of years. 
Lokesh Manik: 
So how much can -- any ballpark rough figure, how much in a percentage term increase that we 
can expect? 
Rahul Guha: 
Difficult at this point to speculate. Give me one or two quarters, and I will come with a concrete 
number. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Sure. That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi, good morning gentlemen. Congrats on a great set of numbers. Just a follow-up on the Middle 
East situation and the impact on reagents. In an earlier comment, you highlighted that as a risk. 
As of now, what's the situation? Are you seeing any availability issues or price -- significant 
price increases? 
Rahul Guha: 
No, availability has not been a concern as of now because the supply chain actually doesn't route 
via the Middle East. It routes mostly from Europe this side. So to that extent, yes, it has taken a 
little longer, but we always carry 2 to 3 months of inventory. So, we haven't faced any disruption 
on availability front.  
 
Of course, with the dollar being where it is, right, many of our vendors has come back requesting 
for price increases. But given our volume growth, we have been able to mitigate a large part of 
that. But should the situation continue, I think, definitely, raw material prices will increase and 
then we will have to evaluate how we pass it on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yash Doshi from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yash Doshi: 
Yes, sir. So just one book-keeping question. So, current year, if you see, your tax rate has been 
around 23%, 24%. So, I get to know that it's based on deferred tax benefit. So, can you just 
enlighten me on what are components of deferred tax and going forward, whether your tax rate 
will be close to 27%, 28%? 
Rahul Guha: 
I'll let Vikram take this question. Vikram? 
Vikram Gupta: 
Yes. That is because of the deferred tax timing difference. And going forward, we expect our 
tax rate of 28% to 29%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ibrahim an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Ibrahim: 
Hi, I just want to know the market opportunity for the specialty testing and allied services, which 
we are going to announce. So, what will be the market opportunity in next 2 to 3 years? How 
big will be the opportunity? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, specialty testing, overall pathology market is estimated to be between INR50,000 crores 
and INR60,000 crores. And of that, roughly 15% to 20% is estimated to be the specialty space. 
So if you do that, we are talking about INR7,000 crores to INR10,000 crores market. That's a 
top-down estimate of the overall industry. 
Ibrahim: 
And what about the allied? 
Moderator: 
Ibrahim only one question please. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubham Harne 
from Purnartha Investment Advisers.  
Shubham Harne: 
Hello. Sir, my question is on insurance business. How the insurance business has done in past 
year and what are your growth expectations for next year? 
Rahul Guha: 
Yes. Our insurance business overall has done very well. If I look at the year-on-year growth for 
the insurance business, we started very aggressively last year, but year-on-year, we've grown at 
almost 45%, right, in the insurance space. Insurance is of two parts. There is pre-policy medical 
checkup and annual health checkup.  
Typically, a lot of insurance companies offer a free annual health checkup with their policy and 
Thyrocare serves both these business lines. It's, of course, on a very nascent size of business. As 
I said, we are just scratching the surface and as you know, insurance policies itself has grown by 
about 25%. That being said, we still managed to grow this segment by about 45% and this 
continues to remain a focus area for us. 
Shubham Harne: 
And what's your plans for next year, expectation? 
Rahul Guha: 
I don't comment on individual segments. As I said, I have given an overall revenue guidance. At 
an individual segment, there will always be plus/minus depending on execution. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our last question from the line of Yash Doshi from Unifi Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Doshi: 
Yes, sir. What will be the EBITDA margins going forward? It will be close to 33%, 34% or due 
to specialty segments, we expect margin expansion? 
Rahul Guha: 
See, specialty segment will be at a nascent stage. So, I don't expect -- and I will not build any 
major upside from the EBITDA margin side on the specialty sales in FY27. We can discuss in 
FY28 and onwards. But then till then, I think it will be difficult. For the full year, I think we 
delivered roughly about 32% reported EBITDA and a normalized EBITDA at around 34%. 
I expect that to be stable into the next year. As I mentioned, any further operating leverage that 
we get, we will continue to invest in growth. So, I would expect, if you take full-year FY26 as a 
base, we anticipate to maintain that EBITDA margin. 

 
Thyrocare Technologies Limited 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rahul Guha for closing comments. Over to you. 
Rahul Guha: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us and spending time with us this day. My apologies for having 
had to cancel the conference call at the last minute on Thursday. That was because the Board 
Meeting took longer than expected and therefore, we did not have enough time to upload the 
presentation and the results. So, we had to reschedule.  
 
So, thank you for being patient with us and joining us this morning. As always, we continue to 
remain focused on our strategy, which is to be the most affordable, good quality diagnostic 
testing partner for anyone in the healthcare business and we continue to execute on that strategy.  
 
We have been investing in improving our quality, improving our reach and ensuring our 
turnaround time is as close to best-in-class. And we've made substantial progress on all of this, 
and that is what is driving the results that you see. I'm also very happy to see Rajdeep Panwar, 
our new Chief Commercial Officer. 
Dr. Ramesh Kinha our new Chief Operating Officer and Vikram Gupta, our CFO, leading the 
call and driving the strategic direction for the company. And I'm sure, we with this core team 
fully in place, we will continue to drive the exceptional execution that you have seen in the last 
2 years. Thank you for all your support in this journey and I wish you all a good evening. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Thyrocare Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
