SHWETA 
BHARDWAJ
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA BHARDWAJ 
Date: 2026.06.01 
16:00:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“ECOS (India) Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
Q4 Financial Year '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
                     
                            
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJESH LOOMBA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ECOS (INDIA) MOBILITY & 
HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
 
MR. HEM UPADHYAY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ECOS (INDIA) MOBILITY & HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. HASHIKA MUTREJA – ADFACTORS PR 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ECOS (India) Mobility & Hospitality 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hashika Mutreja from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Hashika Mutreja: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. A warm welcome to you all and thank you for joining us 
today for ECOS (India) Mobility & Hospitality Limited's Quarter Four and Financial Year 2026 
earnings conference call. We truly appreciate your time and continued interest in the company. 
We are pleased to have with us the senior management team led by our Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Rajesh Loomba, who will share his perspective on the company's performance for 
the quarter and financial year 2026. He is joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Hem 
Upadhyay, who will take us through the financial highlights. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during this call 
may be forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on current expectations and are 
subject to risk and certain uncertainty that could cause actual results to differ materially. 
With that, I now hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Loomba for his opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thank you, Hashika. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all of you. Thank you for 
joining us today for ECOS (India) Mobility & Hospitality Limited's Q4 and the full year FY26 
earnings conference call. I would like to extend a sincere welcome to all our long-standing 
investors and analysts and a special welcome to those joining us for the first time. 
As many of you are aware, ECOS is India's leading organized corporate managed mobility 
solutions provider. We operate in two core segments; one is employee transportation services, 
which we call ETS; and chauffeur-driven car rentals or CCR. Our clients include major Fortune 
500 companies, BSE 500 companies, global capability centers, IT-ITES companies, consulting 
companies, manufacturing, pharma, and a fast-growing list of Indian enterprises and SMEs. 
We currently operate across 130 plus cities in India and have a presence in more than 30 
countries globally where we provide our services. The common thread across all this is our focus 
on delivering organized, compliant, and technology-enabled mobility solutions. In a market 
where a significant portion of corporate ground transportation continues to remain fragmented 
and unorganized, we believe this remains an important differentiator for ECOS. 
Our strategic partnership with SIXT SEQUENTIAL. Now, SIXT is one of the world's top four 
or five car rental companies, this strengthens ECOS' positioning as a global mobility solutions 
player beyond India. 
Through its exclusive India GSA arrangement, ECOS customers now get access to SIXT's 
premium self-drive car rental network across 100 plus countries. This partnership enhances our 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
international mobility offering, while creating new cross-sell and enterprise-level travel 
opportunities for ECOS. So, this SIXT is used both by business travelers and leisure travelers. 
Our strategic focus has always been to drive sustainable growth by onboarding high-quality new 
clients, deepening the wallet share with existing customers, and expanding our presence across 
new geographies. During FY26, we accelerated our efforts across all three areas simultaneously, 
while continuing to strengthen our execution capability. 
Starting with our operational performance now. For the full year FY26, we completed 
approximately 5.23 million trips compared to 4.04 million in FY25, so this is a growth of 
approximately 29% year-on-year. Both our ETS and CCR segments have contributed to this 
growth and the demand environment from the large corporate clients continues to remain very 
healthy for us. 
In ETS, we have seen stable demand from IT and ITES companies and a very good demand 
surge from our GCC clients. While in CCR, there has been a good demand growth across our 
highly diversified client base. 
On client additions, we onboarded 223 new clients in FY26, out of which 64 were added in the 
last Q4 alone. This compares with the 188 new clients added in FY25. Today, our active client 
base now stands at over 1,750. 
What I want to highlight is not just the number of new clients, but the quality of these 
relationships as well. Many of the accounts added during FY26 are large enterprise relationships 
where onboarding involves a structured and often lengthy evaluation process. 
So, these wins reflect the strength of our service standards, compliance framework, and our 
execution capabilities. The strength of our existing relationship continues to be the cornerstone 
of this business. 55% of our FY26 revenues come from clients who have been associated with 
ECOS for more than five years. This level of client retention reflects the consistency of our 
service delivery and the trust we have built with customers over time, one trip at a time. 
Coming to our fleet capacity. During FY26, we serviced customer requirements through our 
vendor partner network of 20,000 vehicles across India compared to around 14,000 vehicles in 
FY25. This represents a broader supply ecosystem available to ECOS to service demand across 
all our client segments. 
The increase was driven by geographic expansion and onboarding of additional supply partners 
to support the new customer acquisition and strengthen the service reliability across 130 plus 
cities. This continues to remain and keep us asset-light and on an asset-light model with a large 
portion of the fleet sourced through our vendor partners. 
On the technology front, more than 14% of our CCR bookings from corporate clients are now 
powered through either our CabDrive Pro platform or our API connections or our customer app 
during Q4 FY26. We also launched our direct web booking portal during Q4 FY26, enabling 
customers to seamlessly pre-schedule safe and reliable rides in advance. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Now, this initiative is not aimed at entering the mass B2C space, but at better serving customers 
and users who specifically prefer the ECOS experience and service standards. We believe this 
is an important step in extending our enterprise-grade services and platform to individual 
premium users and SMEs to broaden our reach beyond the traditional long-term contract 
channel. 
We have launched also a new core backend platform, which will help us optimize process 
efficiencies while further enhancing the customer experience. So, technology for us continues 
to be a key differentiator in this business, particularly in the CCR segment, and we remain 
focused on strengthening our digital capabilities. 
So, as we enter FY27, our focus is on translating the scale we have built over the last few quarters 
into a stronger growth, a sharper execution, and improved operating discipline. Over this period, 
we have continued to strengthen our operating capacity and execution capabilities across 
markets in line with business growth and we are seeing encouraging traction across client 
additions, trip volumes, and the large enterprise client engagements. 
At the same time, we remain disciplined in balancing the growth with profitability and as 
accounts mature and utilization improves, we expect operating efficiencies to improve 
progressively over time. 
More importantly, the broader industry opportunity continues to remain strong, particularly as 
large enterprises increasingly consolidate mobility spending with organized and technology-led 
partners. We believe that ECOS remains well-positioned to benefit from this structural shift. 
With that, I hand it over to our CFO, Hem Upadhyay. Over to you, Hem. 
Hem Upadhyay: 
Thank you, Rajesh sir, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me now take you through our financial 
performance for Q4 and full year ended March 31, 2026, and provide some important context 
around the key movements. 
Beginning with Q4 FY26, revenue from operations for the quarter was INR2,067.60 million, 
showing a year-on-year increase of 16.65% over Q4 FY25. The quarter witnessed continued 
traction across our core business segment, supported by deeper engagement with existing 
enterprise clients, onboarding new accounts, and sustained demand across key markets. 
EBITDA for the quarter came in at INR241.53 million as compared to INR264.67 million in Q4 
FY25. Profitability during the quarter was impacted by continued investment towards business 
expansion, technology, and strengthening organization capabilities for future growth. 
Coming to the full year performance, revenue from operations for FY26 stood at INR8,081.58 
million, reflecting a growth of 23.58% over FY25. During the year, we continued to expand our 
enterprise footprint, strengthen our nationwide network, and enhance execution capability, all 
while maintaining our asset-light operating model. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
EBITDA for FY26 stood at INR939.29 million. Margin during the year was influenced by higher 
manpower cost, expanding leadership bandwidth, investment in tech, and competitive pricing 
environment, especially in the ETS segment. 
In addition, during the year, we made a one-time provision for doubtful debt of approximately 
INR80 million as a part of our prudent approach. The company remains focused on execution 
discipline and improving operating efficiency going forward. 
From a balance sheet perspective, we continue to remain in a strong financial position with 
healthy cash flow, low leverage, and disciplined capital allocation. As on 31st March 2026, our 
cash and investment stood at INR1,373 million, providing us with significant flexibility to 
support future growth initiatives while maintaining financial prudence. 
Overall, FY26 has been an important year in terms of the strengthening the scale, depth, and 
resilience of the platform and we believe that business is well-positioned to capitalize on long-
term structural opportunity in organized corporate mobility space. 
Thank you. I will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jainam Shah with Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jainam Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Hope I'm audible clearly? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, Jainam. 
Jainam Shah: 
Yes. So, first question is related to the West Asia crisis. So, two things to it, how it is impacting 
our demand? What we see is that in nine months the growth rate has been more than 20% across 
the quarters. This quarter also we had a good growth rate on a Y-o-Y basis, but on a sequential 
basis, fourth quarter has always been the strongest quarter, but revenue was flat versus 3Q. 
So, is it because of the West Asia crisis impacting let's say our CCR segment or how do we see 
this particular thing along with that let's say if any growth guidance that you wanted to give for 
FY27? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, of course, the Middle East crisis did affect our CCR business where the growth was not as 
well as I expected in the March, in March. Till February, it was going great, but post the -- this 
Middle East crisis in March, we saw a little bit of dip in the growth. 
So, to that extent, we and I think maybe a lot of other players in the travel trade have been 
affected, but we saw a good bounce back going ahead. So, eventually we see if this does not 
continue for too long, we don't see much of an impact coming in. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir.  
Rajesh Loomba: 
And as for the second, what our growth considering all this, we what we would look at is around 
an 18% to 20% growth in the coming year is what we can aspire to. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. And what has been the contribution between both the segments for this particular 
quarter and for the full year? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
For the full year, the for full year it is 58% to ETS and 42% to CCR and in this quarter, it is 57% 
to ETS and 43% to CCR. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. So another question is also on the West Asia crisis because of that eventually the fuel 
price, both petrol and diesel, has now increased by around let's say 6% to 7% and even the other 
CNG price has also increased. 
And what we see is that going forward let's say how we will be able to pass on this increases to 
our clients because our contracts would be let's say getting renewed on a timely yearly basis. Do 
we have any built-in escalation to pass on everything? How our let's say the supplier community 
has passed on this hikes to us and how do we see this impact on our margins overall? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, as far as the fuel escalation is there, it varies with the various contractual obligations from 
client to client, but in most of our contracts, it is a pass-through. Once either the price increases 
over a certain threshold, typically anywhere between 5% or so, we pass on the entire hike to the 
client. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay. And so largely our margin is not much impacted because of this, maybe time lag would 
have been there, otherwise things would be largely stable and pass-through. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes. There may be some time lag, some places it may be a few days and some places it may be 
a few weeks. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay, okay. Got it, sir. So, any broader margin guidance you wanted to give for this time along 
with the revenue guidance of 18% to 20%? Any broader range? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, if you look at EBITDA, I think with a disciplined approach and maintaining operational 
efficiency, we should be this year able to deliver anywhere between 11% to 13% in terms of 
EBITDA. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. And sir, what's your view on the competition? Like given the price hikes or the fuel 
price has also increased similar to us, everyone would be passing it on or they'll be holding on 
price to let's say get some market share from us or maybe any other person? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
We have seen the especially in ETS we've seen a competitive price environment where it 
depends on strategies from company to company where how much of pricing one wants to give 
to, you know, acquire a client et cetera. 
So, we have seen some competitive pressure over here, but we feel there is a certain threshold 
which more or less exists in the market beyond which it doesn't make sense for people who are 
not willing to burn money as such to go below. So, we are well within that range. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. So, just last one question from my side. What we have seen during this year is that in 
FY26, two of the costs, one is other expense because of the provision that we have created and 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
another one the employee expense because the investments that we have done in our employees 
to have the better growth going forward, these two has impacted margin a lot. 
How do we see this run rate going forward with the 18% to 20% growth? Will this expense will 
be eventually down to let's say provide some operating leverage to us and what's your view on 
the receivable that we have provided for around let's say INR8 crores in this year? Are we seeing 
any movement over there? Are we getting it in FY27 or anything like that? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
As regards the manpower cost is concerned, definitely we are going to see we saw a good 
increase last year given, you know, the that we had given good hikes to everybody. This year 
what we are seeing is we'll be seeing a much more muted growth in our manpower cost, which 
should give us some operating leverages over there while we are looking at also expanding our 
leadership bandwidth in senior positions this year. 
Your other question was regarding other costs, increase in other costs, right? 
Jainam Shah: 
Yes. So, the INR8 crores provision that we have provided, overall other costs would have not 
been that high as a percentage of revenue, so that will also place provide some operating leverage 
for us in the next year. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, of course. So, that was a one-time and we have already that is under legal proceedings for 
recovery of that money and we are very hopeful of the recovery. And as regards your what was 
your last question, Jainam? 
Jainam Shah: 
Yes, this was on the recovery only, so what's the status over there? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, Yes. So, legal proceedings are on and we are very, very hopeful of recovery. It may happen 
this financial year or maybe it goes into next financial year, that's the matter. 
Jainam Shah: 
Okay, okay, sir. Thank you so much. This is from my side. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dixit Doshi with Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, some of my questions have been answered. So, just a couple 
of things. Firstly, you mentioned that now 14% of our CCR business comes through our app. 
So, still a large portion is coming through the emails. So what, you know, stops client from 
switching from email to app and how in terms of cost and everything it helps us better when it 
comes through app? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Coming through email is more about client behavior which changes only over time. Typically 
in the corporate B2B space, people have become more used to and comfortable just sending one 
line email to book their car or it comes through their centralized administrations or travel 
booking offices. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
So, where they end up also same using the email while we are, you know, constantly at it and 
offering various, you know, user interfaces and incentives for clients to shift over. Cost impact 
is there, more than cost impact it's we are trying to convince our customers about it about the 
speed of our response which is much faster if they will use our app and our online booking 
platforms. 
So, we have almost a 50 member central contact center team which of course does all the 
tracking and 24/7 and also answering customer queries in addition to entering the reservations 
which come over email. So, we see that also as a factor of creating stickiness and pampering our 
clients as per what they need, at the same time pushing them to adopt technology more and more. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And in terms of client addition, you mentioned, you know, 223 clients and now we are at 
1,750. Can you give some idea about how much client would have stopped using our service 
this financial year? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
See, we have a long tail of clients if you look at, you know, over 1,750. But our major clients if 
I were to say are top 200 clients, the churn is minimum, there may be 2% or 3% is what's over 
there. While clients who may be using you know two-three times in a month, they keep coming 
and going and depending on their needs which may not be constant and consistent. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And last question, any thoughts on dividend this time? I think there was no dividend was 
announced. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, dividend was not on the agenda on the board meeting we had yesterday. We are going to be 
setting up a separate board meeting to discuss about dividend or other alternate, you know, ways 
that we can increase the shareholder value. So, that's on our mind, but no decision as yet. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay, okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jigar Jani with Nuvama PCG Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Jigar Jani: 
Yes, hi sir. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a steady set of numbers. 
Sir, a little bit theoretical at this point, but have you seen any impact on the ETS business from 
the PM's appeal to kind of go for work from home as much as possible to save fuel cost? Have 
you seen any demand impact on the ETS business on that front? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Not as yet, Jigar. We were also a little worried about when we saw that, but there has been no 
impact as of yet. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood. Yes. So, you are not seeing any demand slowdown or companies kind of adopting 
it voluntarily? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
We are constantly in touch with our customers and most of them already have well-matured 
work from home policies already in place where a certain segment of the people are working 
from home and those who need to be in office then they just need to be in office and that they 
have determined over the last three, four years post-COVID, when this return to office aspect 
started and there was a lot of has been a lot of, you know, debate and discussions on this matter 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
already and people are pretty well settled into the final outcome of that debate and discussion as 
to, you know, who all needs to be in office and who can work from home. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood sir. And just in relation to the previous participant's question on benefits from 
operating leverage, just trying to quantify. So, we have been around INR22 crores of quarterly 
run rate in employee expenses, about INR8 crores to INR9 crores in other expenses. How much 
increase do you see in these numbers for the build-out of the senior management team and any 
employee addition that you guys are planning to do? What kind of number or increase can we 
see? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Voice is breaking. Can you just repeat, Jigar? 
Jigar Jani: 
Yes, just a moment. I'll just switch. Just give me one. Hello, is this better? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, better. 
Jigar Jani: 
Yes, Yes. So, what I was trying to understand is on your employee and other expenses part, we 
are about at INR22 crores employee expenses and other expenses are about INR9 crores. 
Considering the senior management build-out, what kind of increase can we expect? Would it 
be lesser than the revenue growth that we are expecting? What could if you could quantify some 
number, what kind of plans you're looking at on both employee and other expenses? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, in our in terms of our HR cost, we would expect approximately, you know, anywhere 
between a 13% to 15% or 16% growth in the employee cost. That is what we are budgeting for 
in the latest AOP. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay, okay. And other expenses also similar range? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Other expenses would stay around 8% to 9% increase, not more than that. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay, okay. And sir, this growth that you are guiding for 18% to 20%, tentatively how much of 
this will be organic growth from existing clients and how much would be new client addition 
that would contribute? Just trying to understand where the growth is likely to come from? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, our -- both of them are our engine drivers of growth. The organic growth by increasing the 
wallet share of our customers, you know, wherein we know there is still every year there is a 
headroom to grow with more and more vendor consolidation happening. 
At the same time, we have a very large and well now well-established sales team who is also 
gunning for the growth. So, I would say most of the growth, I would say around 60% to 65% of 
the growth should come from new client acquisitions and the rest from the organic. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood. And sir, lastly on this margin guidance of 11% to 13%, does that assume that fuel 
cost won't go higher or you have accounted for the pass-on and the impact of the fuel cost and 
that will be partially offset by the operating leverage that you guys will get? Is that accounted 
for as of now? 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Most of the fuel cost is a pass-through only. There may be some impact because of certain lag 
periods which may be there in some accounts, but most of it is a pass-through, so we are not too 
worried on that account. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay. So that your guidance accounts basically for those variations that might come in? Sorry? 
Your guidance of 11% to 13% accounts for these variations that are likely to come in on some 
of the contracts that might pass? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, yes. Most of the fuel cost is a pass-through only. There may be some impact because of 
certain lag periods which may be there in some accounts, but most of it is a pass-through, so we 
are not too worried on that account. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay. okay. And sir, lastly, so just to summarize what I would assume is that if since the last 
three-four years we have grown very nicely on the top line, but due to one or other factors our 
margins have been impacted. 
From here on would it be fair to assume that your top line growth will reflect largely into your 
bottom-line growth going ahead if everything remains the same and there are no exceptional 
circumstances in the environment? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Of course, the objective and effort always is to have a, you know, sustainable growth. There are 
periods when there is a spurt in the top line growth by new client acquisitions et cetera and it 
takes a little while for us to get the focus back for those clients into the bottom line growth and 
the margin expansion at with, you know, with regard to those specific clients, especially if they 
happen to be large clients. 
So, it's kind of cyclical in that manner wherein a large spurt of growth in terms of top line is also 
accompanied by a little bit margin shrinkage, but then it makes up with more concentration on 
margin expansion in the future quarters. 
And as I mentioned about the lifetime value of our customer is very high with an average is more 
than six months six years that a customer stays with us. So we have good amount of time to 
expand margins with that client. 
Jigar Jani: 
Understood, sir. Thank you so much for patiently answering my question and best of luck for 
the future. Thank you so much. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pulkit Singhal with Dalmus Capital Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on, you know, the -- our view around usage 
of EVs in the fleet. I think again because of the West Asia crisis and, you know, the higher 
pollution thing which has been going on for a while, many corporates would also probably want 
to internally move towards fleet vendors who have lot more EVs in their fleet. How do you think 
about investing in that area as a way of creating a competitive advantage going ahead for the 
next three to five years? 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes. So, while there is no -- we don't have any dearth of capital to invest, but we are still cautious 
in our approach to allocating capital towards EVs in spite of the, you know, there is a certain 
demand, but we are still approaching cautiously because we feel there are now a very, very few 
products earlier there were none, now we feel there are very few products which are mature 
enough to handle the rigor of, you know, our kind of business in the EV segment. 
Plus we also our decisions are also based on our assessment of the charging infrastructure which 
is available for these vehicles and also things like the residual value of the vehicles et cetera. 
So, we still approach this cautiously and are ramping up in a sustainable manner the number of 
EVs that we have and that we offer to our clients. So, there are still a lot of challenges and still 
a lot of myths about even the efficacy of EVs that continue. So, we have to be cautious in that 
regard. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Right. So, this is more to do with lot of the technology change. So, in three years out, I mean 
there are lot of new launches that will happen, but your stance could change three years out? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Our stance could change three months down if we feel that, you know, the everything is see one 
two things. One, the product in terms of the vehicle has to be something which is not, you know, 
in workshop 25% of the time, number one. 
Number two, the if I'm running IC vehicles, I am not putting up my petrol pumps and CNG 
stations, correct? Why should I have to put up charging station, right? If I have to run EVs. So, 
these two questions need to be answered very, very simple. Lot of things in life are pretty simple 
as long as you don't get carried away by media hype. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Yes, Yes. In terms of your capex, I mean you've done almost INR120 crores of capex last four 
years, averaging INR30 crores a year. How do you see the next three years? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, unless we see a so what your -- the first question about EV investments, if we see those 
conditions developing where, you know, EVs are a very much a norm and they are sustainable 
financially, we will see a larger investment in EV capex over there. Otherwise, we expect the 
same trend to continue. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay. Lastly on the margin bit. I mean given the new realities of the market, the amount of 
investments you're doing for growth et cetera I mean how would you think of the band three to 
five years out? You used to operate at 14% to 16% in the past, but is it fair to say 11% to 13% 
reflects some the newer reality or how would you think about things? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
ETS we feel yes, the price competitiveness will stay for a while, but in CCR which is more of a 
brand play and our focus on building up our brand, we feel we would be able to, you know, 
somewhere offset that with growth of our CCR business also. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thanks. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nilesh Doshi with Prospero Tree AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. Most of the participant have asked about the increase in the cost, 
operating cost and future outlook because our revenue growth is around 23% to 24%, but the 
two major cost, two major operating cost, employee cost and other expenses increased by 42% 
in which the other expense include the one-time INR8 crores write-off in the quarter two which 
you mentioned that it is likely to be recovered. That's okay. 
But sir, what is the future outlook for the revenue growth and will this cost remain as it is or will 
increase in the same proportion to the revenue growth because our revenue growth is 23%, 
operating cost increased by 40%. The generally the -- there must be some component of the 
fixed cost which is not increasing in the same manner, but here the -- our operating cost increased 
more than the revenue cost. So, kindly explain the future outlook for these two cost and revenue 
growth? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
No, sir, it is a valid question and I think I've answered part of it in the other question also just a 
while back. So, we will we do not expect a similar growth in cost this year. It will be much more 
reasonable is the expectation in terms of our cost growth and we hope to kick-in some operating 
leverages starting this year. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Because sir, when at the time of the IPO our operating margin was around 15%. Now, it fell to 
11.50%. If the if there is a revenue growth, but it does not convert into the operating profit, then 
how the -- our bottom-line will be improved? It is the revenue growth is more important for the 
startup. Now, we are the established and mature player. Is it the only the revenue growth is 
important or the profit growth for the shareholder is also important, sir? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
I think both of them go hand-in-hand. We are looking at it as a mature business for the long-
term. The revenue growth and demand generation remains the lifeblood and lifeline of the 
organization of the business. 
At the same time, we have to be focusing on our margin expansions, on building our brands also 
and that is how the margin growth also keeps happening. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
If possible, kindly explain how what is our focus area? It is the revenue growth or we will control 
the cost also? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
It has to be both. I mean there cannot be one focus area. I cannot sacrifice revenue growth for 
expanding the margin in any one year because then I'm compromising my business for the future. 
So, we have to focus on both and we have to see how we are able to draw a balance between the 
growing the revenue and also expanding the margins. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Okay, sir. So, let's look in the first quarter that there will be some improvement in the operating 
margin. Okay. Thank you. All the best, sir. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thanks, sir. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Hiten Boricha with Sequent Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, my question is again on the revenue. So, when we 
say we have very we have seen a very good growth in our number of trips which is I think 30%, 
29%-30% odd growth, but when we see our revenue per trip, it is consistently coming down. 
So, last year it was around 1,600 and this year it is 1,550. In FY24, it was somewhere around 
1,750-1,780 odd per trip revenue per trip I'm talking about. Can you throw some light on that 
what is happening on that side, sir? Are we not like are we not increasing our realization or the 
pricing to what about the pricing side? If you can explain on that. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, there have been some competitive pricing pressure because of which we have seen some dip 
in the average ticket size, but this average ticket size in some ways it can be a little misleading 
also not just because of pricing. Yes, there is a pricing pressure and because of pricing also they 
have the ticket size has come down, but it's also have come down because of shorter trips in the 
ETS or more airport transfers in CCR. 
So, it's a combination of factors, but yes, there is a competitive pricing pressure. A little bit in 
this it has been more in ETS than in CCR, but yes, you are correct, there is a little bit of 
competitive pricing. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. So what kind of growth then we are expecting in terms of number of trips, sir? And sir, 
connected to related to this question only, you also mentioned that we are passing the cost of 
fuel cost, so are we passing that immediately or is there is a lag of quarter also? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
No, the lag can vary between a few days to a few weeks, not more than that. So typically, the 
contracts are like okay, if it goes over X percentage, then we pass on the entire cost. Till that till 
that percentage, we have to absorb. So, for example, now it's happened more than 6% to 7% 
increase happened, so it's been all been passed on to the client. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. And sir, continuing question on the pricing pressure. So, are we seeing this pressure to 
like kind of slow down or is it going to go up only? 
Rajesh Loomba:                  We have seen we have seen a slowdown in terms of we have seen the waters kind of found its 
level in the last quarter also and we have at the same time we have also been winning more and 
more contracts at a and large enterprise contracts at a scale we have not won before. So, it is 
both going hand-in-hand. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Dhole with Fyers Assets. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Yes, good evening sir. Good afternoon, sir. So basically I have two main points to, you know, 
pick your brains on. First is when you look at, you know, the scale advantages that come from 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
let's say some of your older accounts because I think around 55% of the business today is 
accounted for by accounts which are greater than five years old. 
So, I want to understand how has the margin trajectory on those accounts been and what is the 
delta between margins on those accounts versus the margin on the consolidated entity level 
numbers? So, that is question one. 
And the second one is when you when you, you know, when you penetrate deep into a client, is 
it purely, you know, you taking market share from somebody else, some other vendor that the 
company may have, or is it also because you may discover or the company or your client may 
discover newer use cases once they start working with you? So, those are my two questions. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, I'll answer your second question first. So, our new client acquisitions are a mix of both. Older 
clients who are, you know, looking to consolidate their vendors or looking for better quality 
vendors. 
And secondly, there's a there's a huge growth in the number of what we've seen number of new 
GCCs and manufacturing facilities that are opening up in India and a lot of growth in terms of 
the enterprise clients is also coming from there for ETS. 
As far as CCR is concerned, our growth is mostly diversified the new clients and new companies, 
old companies, and of and across all sectors. It's a highly diversified growth that we've seen in 
in CCR. And can you just repeat the first question, I'm sorry. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Yes, the first question is when you look at some of your old accounts, I think 50% to 55% comes 
from old accounts. So, what is the margin trajectory on those accounts? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, so see margins is not only a factor of pricing, it's also a factor of how we are able to run 
any operation, especially the complex ETS and the large CCR operations, how we are able to 
run them most efficiently and drive our margins by cost optimization. So, it's always a mix. It's 
not that an older clients will give you lesser or higher margin than the newer clients, it's always 
a mixed bag. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
So, do you do you then mean to say that, you know, if the business goes, you know, whatever 
4x, 5x from here, we are still unsure about what the margin trajectory will be? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
No, we have what we are looking at it, I don't know what's going to happen five years down the 
line, but definitely for this coming year, what we are looking at is a reasonable to expect a margin 
of between 11% to 13%. In fact, not just for the next year, but even for the next couple of years 
and where we are making our efforts to optimize the operations in such a manner and reduce our 
overhead costs to get the operating leverage kicked in. 
Saurabh Dhole: 
Got it, got it. Thank you so much. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Arnav Nawalkha with Trisula Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Arnav Nawalkha: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. So I just wanted to better understand ECOS' value proposition. 
So sir, if you could shed some color on what are core capabilities that gives us the right to win 
against local fleet operators and unorganized players? Also if also if you could shed some color 
on if we are taking any initiatives on continuous basis to stay ahead of the curve and probably 
strengthen our proposition against our peers? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, if you look at ECOS, the if we talk about, you know, our value proposition and our right to 
win, it's the ability to deliver a consistent and predictable quality of service across geographies, 
especially for the larger and more complex transport requirements. And they could be ranging 
from, you know, the large enterprises which have large transportation requirements, it could be 
conferences, events, things like that. 
Then the right to win then comes from our ability on one side, you know, our deep relationships 
and our credibility and our reputation in the market on the client side which gives them the 
confidence to depend and trust ECOS for all their complex transportation requirements. 
And other side, the supply ecosystem which has been built over decades, which is not easy to 
replicate to ensure that in an asset-light model you can keep delivering that same consistent and 
predictable level of service to your customers every trip at a time? 
Arnav Nawalkha: 
Understood, sir. Yes. And across both our CCR-ETS vertical, so are ECOS' services typically 
priced at a premium discount or largely in line with the other operators?  
Rajesh Loomba:                    I'm sorry, can you just repeat?  
Arnav Nawalkha:                  Yes, so across both our CCR and ETS, so are ECOS' services typically priced at a premium or 
a discount or largely in line with unorganized operators? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
If I were to look at CCR, we would we command a certain premium. In terms of ETS, depends 
on the complexity of the operation. If it is a very complex operation, we ECOS does command 
a premium or it is a preferred vendor for lot of our clients to get in. 
And strategically if we feel that we need to, you know, be in line with the unorganized also, 
there also we are able to match them at the same time we are able to run that operation more 
efficiently because of the high density of the demand that we have allowed us to have multiple 
sources of supply for the same client. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sahil Sharma from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sharma: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand bit more on this competition 
that you have been discussing. So, are we seeing this competitive intensity from the more 
traditional players or the existing players or from the some of the new-age, you know, companies 
that tech companies that are coming into the space? 
Rajesh Loomba: 
Yes, so it's a very good question actually. And we see this more of the price competition that 
come in comes in from the new entrants who would want to, you know, put the foot in the door 
and are looking at price as an option to do that. 

ECOS Mobility & Hospitality Limited 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
At the same time, so it's a at the same on one side we do welcome more and more organized 
players coming in and because we feel that this further accelerates the ecosystem to move from 
unorganized to organized players. And it's a fairly, you know, old-time practice that you reduce 
your prices and you try and get in. 
And final proof of pudding is always how you can sustainably run that operation over a period 
of time and we feel that this has a certain life cycle and wherein thereafter the prices do rise 
because you cannot keep unsustainably having an unsustainable business model that solely relies 
on pricing. And customers also realize that, they've already seen that happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we would take that as the last question 
for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Loomba for their closing 
remarks. Sir, please go ahead. 
Rajesh Loomba: 
So, thank you for this opportunity to interact with our investors and we look forward to this the 
new financial year, our team is completely energized and we look forward to creating more and 
more value for our shareholders in the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Adfactors PR and ECOS (India) Mobility & 
Hospitality, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
