 
   Urban Company Limited 
   (Formerly known as UrbanClap Technologies India Limited & UrbanClap Technologies India Private Limited)                                          
 
REGISTERED OFFICE: 
 
Unit No. 8, Ground Floor,  
Rectangle 1, D4, Saket District Centre, 
New Delhi, 110017, Delhi, India 
 
CORPORATE OFFICE: 
 
7th & 8th Floor, Go Works, 
Plot 183, Rajiv Nagar, Udyog Vihar  
Phase 1, Sector 20, 
Gurgaon - 122016, Haryana, India 
   CIN: L74140DL2014PLC274413 | Email: Peoplesuccess@urbancompany.com| www.urbancompany.com | Telephone: +91 11 444 570 56 
 
May 10, 2026   
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: URBANCO                                                             
BSE Limited    
Department of Corporate Services,   
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,    
Dalal Street, Fort,    
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544515   
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on May 08, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
  
In compliance with Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
earnings call, conducted on May 08, 2026, in relation to the financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The 
aforesaid 
details 
will 
also 
be 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
viz. 
https://investorrelations.urbancompany.com/ 
 
This is for your information and record.   
 
Thanking you, 
  
 
For Urban Company Limited 
(Formerly UrbanClap Technologies India Limited and   
UrbanClap Technologies India Private Limited) 
              
   
 
                  
Sonali Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A26585   
 
Encl.: As above 
SONALI 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by SONALI SINGH 
Date: 2026.05.10 
15:19:06 +05'30'

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Urban Company Limited 
 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
May 8, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Garima Mishra: 
Good evening, everyone. 
 
Welcome to Urban Company Limited's Q4 and FY2026 earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's 
remarks. Please note that this call is being recorded. On behalf of Kotak 
Institutional Equities, I welcome the Urban Company Management to 
discuss earnings for the fourth quarter, and year ended 31st March 2026. 
 
I welcome Mr. Abhiraj Singh Bhal, co-founder and CEO, and Mr. Abhay 
Mathur, CFO. The results and investor letter have been uploaded to the 
stock exchanges and are available on the company's Investor Relations 
website. 
 
Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that certain statements made on this 
call may be forward-looking in nature and should be viewed in conjunction 
with the risk factors disclosed in the company's filings. With that, I'll hand 
the call over to Abhiraj to share the key highlights of the quarter. 
 
 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Thank you very much, Garima. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. And 
welcome to Urban Company's Q4 FY26 Earnings call. 
Q4 was a strong close to what I believe was a defining year for Urban 
Company — our first as a listed company. 
  
We delivered our highest consolidated NTV growth in 15 quarters, crossed 
10 million orders in a single quarter for the first time, and meaningfully 
improved the profitability of our core businesses. Let me take you through 
the key highlights. 
On a consolidated basis, Q4 NTV grew 42% year-on-year to ₹1,148 crores, 
and revenue grew 43% to ₹426 crores. For the full year, consolidated NTV 
reached ₹4,290 crores — up 33% year-on-year. Our transacting user base 
grew 24% to 8.4 million, and 83% of NTV now comes from retained users, 
a number that has only moved in one direction. 
 
Four points capture where UC stands and how we are building for the 
future. 
  

One — the core is accelerating, with structurally improving margins. 
India Consumer Services excluding InstaHelp grew 26% in Q4 to ₹808 Cr. 
— our fastest in 11 quarters — with adjusted EBITDA margin expanding 
to 3.3% of NTV from 1.6% a year ago. For the full year, this business 
delivered ₹131 Cr. of adjusted EBITDA at 4.1% of NTV. To put that in 
context: this business was loss-making as recently as FY24.  
  
Two — International is scaling rapidly, and now profitable. UAE and 
Singapore delivered 84% NTV growth in Q4 to ₹211 Cr., despite some 
demand headwind in the UAE in March from the escalation of the Middle 
East conflict. For the full year, international NTV grew 75% to ₹700 Cr., 
and the business turned adjusted EBITDA positive — ₹6 Cr. for FY26 as a 
whole. This business is now four times the scale it was four years ago. 
  
Three — Native is on a clear path to profitability. NTV grew 67% in Q4 
to ₹89 Cr., and ₹345 crores for the full year — up 122%. The adjusted 
EBITDA loss narrowed from ₹39 Cr. in FY25 to ₹31 Cr. in FY26, with the 
margin improving from (25.1)% to (8.9)% of NTV in a single year. Early 
cohort data is encouraging: 75% of customers whose devices have hit the 
first replacement cycle are renewing through UC — a strong signal of 
consumer stickiness that will only compound as the installed base grows. 
  
Four — InstaHelp is our most significant investment today, and we're 
leaning in. A business that didn't exist at the start of FY26 delivered 2.7 
million orders and ₹40 crores of NTV in Q4 — with March alone crossing 
1.1 million orders. The ₹119 crore adjusted EBITDA loss reflects the cost 
of building a market: consumer acquisition, network density subsidies, and 
supply onboarding. We are investing to win, and we intend to stay ahead.  
Given the competitive dynamics in this space, we've shared everything 
we're able to on InstaHelp in the shareholder letter. We won't be going 
beyond that on this call, and I hope you'll understand why. 
  
On the consolidated P&L: adjusted EBITDA for Q4 was a loss of ₹98 
crores, entirely attributable to InstaHelp's ₹119 crore loss. Ex-InstaHelp, 
the core delivered adjuted EBITDA of ₹22 crores. We ended the year with 
₹2,021 crores in cash. The core (ex InstaHelp) generated ₹106 crores of 
adjusted EBITDA in FY26 — we are well-positioned to fund InstaHelp's 
growth while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. We retain our target of 
consolidated adjusted EBITDA breakeven by Q3 FY28, and ₹1,000 crores 
by FY31. 

  
With that, I'll hand back to Garima for Q&A. 
  
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you, Abhiraj. 
  
We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to 
ask a question may press the raise hand button on their Zoom screens. 
Please introduce yourself, and then proceed with your questions. 
  
First question from Manisha Addukia, please go ahead. 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Hi, are you able to hear me? 
 
Garima Mishra: 
Yes 
 
Manish Adukia: 
Perfect, thank you.  
 
Hi, good evening, thank you for taking my questions, and congratulations 
on a great set of numbers, growth, really, really strong, and also wanted to 
commend the team on the extensive disclosures in the shareholder letter, 
they're really helpful. I have a few questions, please feel free to stop me, 
and I'm happy to jump back in the queue. 
 
So first one is on just the growth bits, and I know you've talked about it in 
the shareholder letter in a fair bit of detail, as to what drove the growth, but 
when I look at just the India Consumer Services (ex-InstaHelp), even in the 
top 10 cities, despite no category expansion, you've delivered 25% growth. 
Now, one wanted to understand, have you seen this kind of acceleration in 
your business in the past as well? What I mean by that is the core consumer 
services is not a new category for you. You've been doing this for a long 
time. And has this time's growth acceleration been different than in the 
past? And why has it been different? Like, what is driving this acceleration 
versus what you may have seen in the past? And how much a contributor is 
the instant delivery of services that is leading to growth, that'll be just 
helpful to understand. And maybe a follow-on as to… I know you talked 
about durability will need to be tested over a few quarters, but any color on 
your sense of visibility of how long this could, you know, sustain? That's 
my first question, please. 
  

Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, that's a great question, Manish. So, Manish, you know, just to… for 
the listeners to understand India Consumer Services, this is a… 
  
It's a very large and complex business. We have 60-plus service categories 
spread across 47 cities, in hundreds of micro-markets. 
 
And across each and every service category and micro-market, one has to 
carefully build supply and demand density, while ensuring quality control, 
training, consistency of service, and go the whole nine yards. So we've 
been hard at work for many years now, doing that. We believe that many of 
our categories and micro-markets are hitting an inflection point.  
 
From a densification standpoint which is driving the simple flywheel, what 
we've talked about in our shareholder's letter, of faster, cheaper, better. I'll 
spend a minute talking about this. Now, once you cross threshold density in 
a category in a micro-market, what ends up happening is that service 
professionals start getting utilized much better. Consequently, their 
earnings go up, and the cost to serve for the entire business comes down. 
Some of these benefits can also be enjoyed by the customer in terms of 
better value. Also, travel distances come down, job packing efficiencies 
move up. And therefore, service professionals are spending more time 
inside the consumer's homes delivering orders, and less time either waiting 
for orders or traveling towards orders. And therefore, customers also start 
to enjoy what we call faster, which is faster fulfillment.  
 
We have started to roll out UC Instant, where you can get the service 
within 30 to 60 minutes. And we're in the early innings of UC Instant 
getting rolled out, and the goodness of UC Instant playing across the 
marketplace. And then better. Because service professionals are more 
dependent on the platform, they're seeing higher earnings, we see better 
retention, their propensity to follow UC SOPs, UC’s quality protocols, etc, 
all of that improves, and that translates into better service for the end 
consumer. And simply put, a professional who's earning more and traveling 
less is generally more likely to deliver a service to you with a smile. 
  
And we've always maintained that happy professionals lead to happy 
customers. So that trifecta of faster, cheaper, better, which is, you know, 
seems like a simple playbook, but it's very hard to execute across so many 
services and so many micro-markets. When it starts to get going, you 
know, that acceleration is possible. Now, why do we not yet want to call it 

a long-term trend and want to observe for a few quarters? Because we're 
just getting started on this. 
  
Yes, NTV growth has been accelerating. In Q2FY26, it was 19%, it jumped 
to 21% in Q3, and 26% in Q4. You know, as prudent management, we want 
to wait and watch, see another two, three, four quarters, and then see if we 
believe that, you know, the acceleration, means that from a 5-year lens, 
vis-a-vis what we had imagined earlier, this business can be much larger. 
  
Manish Adukia: 
Very helpful, Abhiraj, for that. One… I was just curious that… You operate 
in, like, multiple cities, let's say if you talk about your top 10 cities. 
  
I'm just surprised that all of them are seeing acceleration at the same time. I 
mean, I thought that some cities would be in different places on the curve, 
where some would have seen acceleration 2 years ago, some may see two 
years later. So is there, like, a common thread as to why they are all seeing 
acceleration at the same time, or have you seen some cities already, let's 
say, weak in terms of growth, and some that are accelerating a lot? Like, 
just any dynamics that you can share there, that'll be helpful. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
I would say for the last few months, we've seen very broad-based demand 
acceleration, to the point where, internally, we feel that the real challenge 
was building high-quality supply across these cities and categories and 
micro-markets. 
And we know that we've left demand on the table, across cities and 
categories. 

Manish Adukia: 
Very clear, thank you. Second question is just on InstaHelp, and I 
appreciate, Abhiraj, you mentioned you wouldn't be able to share too much 
detail, but still trying my luck. I mean, when you say losses remaining 
elevated for the foreseeable future, are you expecting potential losses to 
also increase from these levels. And when you say elevated for a prolonged 
period of time, are we talking about, like four quarters, eight quarters, 
longer than that, any color you can share, that'll be helpful. And also, 
maybe a related question, average order value continues to, you know, get 
lower. My concern there is would it be that much more difficult for you to 
recover AOV if they keep getting lower, and thus maybe, you know, take 
you further away from whatever your steady-state margin expectations are, 
in that business? 
  
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, no, thanks for that question, Manish. So, actually, I'll just take a little 
bit of a step back, you know, one of our messages to the investor 
community is that at this stage of our company-building journey, we 
believe the investor community should hold us very much accountable to 
disciplined, high-quality execution, in our core India services business, in 
International, and even in Native, which means continued growth and 
compounding, improving margins year after year. Some quarters they'll go 
up, some quarters they'll go down, but a consistent upward trajectory, every 
year, and cash generation. 
 
For InstaHelp, we believe that right now, the most important thing, is 
market leadership. We believe we have a strong balance sheet. We believe 
we have cash-generating core business. And we've given two clear 
guidelines, that we will hold as guardrails for ourselves, which is a 
consolidated break-even at an adjusted EBITDA level by Q3 FY28, and 
INR 1,000 crores of adjusted EBITDA by FY31. And we're committed to 
sticking to those overall guardrails. Within that, the rest of it, I think the 
management needs the manoeuvrability. You know, it's a dynamic market. 
 
Some quarters, AOVs will move up, some quarters they'll move down. It'll 
be a combination of, you know, tactics and strategy. We're very much 
focused on, you know, seeing that this shapes up well in the medium term. 
We have our eyes on all of those numbers that you spoke about.  
We believe right now the most important thing for us is continuing to 
cement our market leadership and staying ahead, of the game, while 
longitudinally making sure that loss per order keeps coming down, and 

over a period of time, losses come down. How much time it will take, etc, 
is something we will convene to calibrate. 
  
Manish Adukia: 
Very clear, just maybe last question from me before I jump back in the 
queue. I know you have a, answer or a question around artificial 
intelligence, but if you can just maybe help summarize for us, both on the 
demand side, and maybe also on the cost side, what are, let's say, the 
changes that we can expect from an AI perspective, in terms of, you know, 
revenue levers or cost levers. That'd be helpful. Thank you. 
Abhay Mathur: 
Hi Manish, this is Abhay. I'll take that question, and thank you for asking 
it. I think this is an area which is full of potential for us, and, you know, 
we've taken initial steps. So, to start with, we've actually built a solid layer 
of AI on top of our core platform, which is now embedded in everyday 
operations. 
  
I'll call out a few areas where we've made progress and, you know, where 
we're excited about for the future. I think the first one really is on quality. 
So we are leveraging AI extensively in proof of work. We are auditing 
100% of images, which are shared, you know, during the job. Also, running 
diagnostics in some of our repair and appliance and handyman categories. 
  
We've made a fair amount of progress in customer and partner support, 
where 55% of all partner support queries are now handled effectively 
through AI, and this is helping us deliver a low cost as well. They're also 
generating top of funnel for partners through AI, by asking existing 
partners to refer, jobs that were done by people earlier. 
  
We've always been using AI for demand forecasting. AI has only made our 
demand forecasting and trend lines simpler and more accurate. We've 
started deploying it in a couple of areas for revenue as well. So, for Native, 
for example, if your filter life is about to expire, you will get a call from 
Urban Company reminding you to refresh it. We are visualizing, interior 
spaces for our Revamp, using AI, which helps us make decision-making 
much simpler. 
  
So, you know, these early steps in revenue generation. On code, I think this 
is the area where we've seen the maximum progress, you know, 
conservatively, more than 90% of our code is being shipped, by GenAI. 
And this was not the case some time ago, so a lot of the basic work is being 
done leveraging AI. And we're also using it for fraud detection. So, I think 

we're just getting started. This is a space with a lot of potential. We're 
actually driving usage within the organization, and we'll keep updating 
investors as we see more progress. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you so much for patiently answering all my questions. All the best. 
Garima Mishra: 
Thanks. Next question from Sachin Salgaonkar. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Thanks, Garima.  
Hi, management, good day. I have 3 sets of questions. First question on 
Native. Your losses have expanded on a YOY and QOQ basis. Anything 
specific happening out there? And Abhiraj, Abhay, any specific timelines 
we could have from a Native break-even point of view? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yes, nothing specific, as such, to call out, Sachin, I think. 
The business trajectory has grown well. Business has grown by, 67% on an 
NTV basis, even faster on net revenue. And, the margins have improved. 
So, same time last year, the margin trajectory was negative 14.7%. of NTV, 
and now it's, negative 9.9%. So margins have improved. 
  
We are fairly confident, I would say, on the trajectory from here on to 
achieve break-even. We don't want to give a timeline yet, but, you know, it 
should happen in the next few quarters, I would say. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. And this breakeven will happen despite launch of new products, in 
the Native category? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yes, we believe so. It should happen, despite any new products that we 
launch. Some of the elevated losses are on the count of R&D for new 
products, so our core is actually already approaching close to breakeven. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. Second question is on InstaHelp, and I completely get in terms of 
management having the flexibility, it's a new business. 
But what we are actually seeing is both your competitors raise money. In 
pockets, one could see competition getting irrational. 
  
So any guardrails you want to indicate to the analysts and investor 
community, hey, these are some of the things, like, for example, on a 
loss-per-order basis, there is no intention to become, you know, much 
higher than that, because I understand your medium-term and longer-term 
targets in terms of EBITDA breakeven, as well as, you know, where you 
want to have an EBITDA. 

  
But, you know, I mean, if on a quarter-to-quarter basis losses are expecting, 
you know, we do expect, you know, some comfort in terms of, hey, you 
know, this is a threshold where one could get a sense that competitive 
intensity is getting completely irrational, and perhaps it's okay to let go a 
bit of a market share, just in case, because things are a bit bad. So again, 
wanted to understand any color you could give, and of course, a follow-up 
is, what would… because this is a relatively new business, and it is not 
there in most of the countries, across the globe, how could one think about 
any range for a steady-state economic, a unit economics, or EBITDA 
margin in the medium term? 
  
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, no, both fair questions, and, you know, appreciate where you're 
coming from, Sachin. I think, you know, we've been doing this now for 
close to 12 years, 11 and a half years, Sachin, and we've seen various 
cycles of competition and irrationality, so it's nothing new to us. I'd say the 
level of competitive intensity that we're seeing, and irrationality that we're 
seeing, right now is pretty manageable. We are not perturbed by it. If 
anything, we're very clear that we're playing to win. And, and not playing, 
to look elegant. And sometimes, in the short run, you know, either you can 
optimize for market share, or you can optimize for on-paper elegance. And 
we're not optimizing for elegance. We're optimizing to win, we're 
optimizing for market share, and which means if we have to be irrational 
from time to time, we should be willing to be irrational as well. So, I don't 
worry about competition too much. I think our eyes are on the customer 
and the service professional, and we're playing to win. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Got it. A related question on the InstaHelp is, there are adjacencies and 
potential new services also one could look to explore. For example, cooks, 
drivers, help for elderly, and so on and so forth. Are these some of the 
areas, or are there any adjacencies you guys are experimenting and looking 
to expand into? 
  

Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
We keep experimenting, Sachin, but, you know, strategically right now, we 
think all our energy and resources and focus should actually go into 
densifying and winning in the core segments. We know that some of our 
competitors are experimenting with some of these adjacencies, but we are 
focused on core. We believe the player that will win the core segment in 
the core micro-markets, will, that's essentially the turf to win. And that's… 
that's all our attention and focus right now. And, you know, we have 
limited resources as a company, monetary and people, and we want to 
focus all of them towards winning the main segment and the main 
micro-markets. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Very clear. And lastly, Middle East clearly, you know, is now seeing some 
signs of recovery. How is your business? Are we back to square one in 
terms of recovery, or it's still a gradual recovery? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
No, more or less back to square one. In fact, the dip for us also was not… I 
mean, it was there, but we were far… we were far more resilient than most 
other businesses, and that's visible in the numbers that you would have 
seen, that we put out there on the month-on-month trajectory, so there was 
a dip, but, you know, the year-on-year growth continued to be pretty 
healthy, and, the business now is, is, you know, almost back to full 
recovery. 
Sachin Salgaonkar: 
Perfect, all the best. And Garima, thanks again. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Thank you, Sachin. 
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you. Maybe I'll go next. I also had a few questions. First, on the core 
business, right? The acceleration in NTV growth is very encouraging. 
  
Very near term, do you think there could be some hiccup in this accelerated 
growth, not because of lack of demand, but because of lack of supply, right, 
due to elections and the resultant temporary workplace displacement? 
 

Abhay Mathur: 
Hi, Garima, this is Abhay, I'll try and answer that. So, you know, in the last 
quarter, we didn't really see any disruption. I think in the month which has 
gone by, we are seeing, you know, some level of demand loss. But nothing 
unusual. I think we had seen some of this coming, and, you know, we had 
prepped in advance, and we had onboarded, you know, more and more 
professionals. So I think, you know, for a services business like ours, this is 
a BAU problem, and there's nothing, you know, which we are really 
concerned about here. 
  
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. Okay, good to know. Second question that I had was on Native. 
Now, you've given a target of quadrupling net revenue of this business. 
Could you give us some sense of the pipeline of products you are building 
that would enable you to achieve this target? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
For the large part, Garima, we believe this will have to come from the 
current two products that we have which is water purifiers and smart 
electronic door locks. We've not put a timeline to it deliberately, because 
we don't know how long it will take, but we believe that those two 
segments should be meaningful enough over a period of time to get us 
there. 
 
And a little bit of the revenue, and this is also because it's not just the 
revenue from product sales, as in water purifiers, the installed base 
increases. Garima, the service revenues also start to kick in. And over time, 
they can be quite, quite meaningful, especially given that our retention, 
early retention signs are very, very healthy and a meaningful multiplier of 
what the industry averages. 
 
Some of, that, you know, number could also come from new products that 
we launch, but for the large part, I think it'll be the existing categories. 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it, very clear. 
Third piece of the question, you know, you, on, InstaHelp. In your view, 
what could be the potential market structure here, say, 2-3 years out? Do 
you think two or more players can coexist? And a related question here is, 
with some competitors raising money, in fact, some of them very, very 
recently, do you think they might want to diversify into what is your core 
business? 
  

Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Very hard to say how… both how large this market is and what the 
end-stage structure could look like. Generally speaking, I'm of the view 
that in businesses of trust, It's a winner-take-all. And, you know, this is a 
business of trust. So… I really don't see any reason why there should be 
multiple players over time. 
  
And that's at least the mindset with which we are approaching this market. 
In our Core business, we have th lion's share of the market, and we'd like 
something similar to play out here as well. 
 
But of course, we, are mindful that in order to achieve that, we have to 
deliver a superlative service to the end consumer, win on execution, and 
there are other funded competitive players who are also attacking the 
market. So, I think this will eventually boil down to execution over a 
period of time. 
 
Which other services they will launch, and you know, it's honestly, beyond 
a point, it's not something that we worry about, because our core business 
is very, very large. We're still scratching the surface. We're probably sub 
1-2% of the total market, addressable market. So, we're focused on what 
we have to do there. 
 
 
Garima Mishra: 
Got it. And you raised this important point of, you know, building a 
trustworthy service. So any, you know, one or two points you want to 
highlight, particularly on the InstaHelp business, which sort of differentiate 
your service, you know, beyond the availability part, compared to whatever 
else is available in the market? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
I think our view is that this is a service of trust. It's a service where the 
quality of the service professional, the training, the effort that you put into 
selection, onboarding, the details that you go in into SOPs, etc. These are 
the things that matter. They will compound slower, than, you know, 
discounts and instantaneous availability and throwing money at the 
problem, but they will compound in the long run. And that's what we're 
focused on. We actually do not dilute our quality selection and onboarding 
and training processes for this business vis-a-vis our core. That playbook 
that we have developed on the core business over the last 10 years is 
something that we have extrapolated to Instahelp as well. We talked about 
average ratings in Instahelp, which, are at 4.7, very close to where the core 

is, and we believe materially better than the rest of the industry. We also 
believe our repeat rates and retention rates are, to the best of our 
knowledge, industry leading at this point in time. 
And that's part of the reason why we are the clear market leaders today. So, 
in our view, it will eventually come down to quality of service, quality of 
the supply side, and like our core, this will be a supply-first business, and, 
you know, whoever wins the supply side of the market will be the winner. 
  
Garima Mishra: 
Very clear. Thanks for that, Abhiraj. Next question, from Gaurav Rateria. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. Congrats on a great execution. My 
first question is on the densification that you talked about. Have you seen 
any impact of competition in those micro-markets. My sense is that the… 
there'll be meaningful difference in the consumer experience because of the 
instant service that you are launching versus what competition would be 
doing in select categories. And therefore, they will be years behind to catch 
up. So, there would have been some consolidation in those micro-markets? 
Any anecdotal evidence, if you can share on that? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
This is with reference to India Core, right? Yes. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Yeah, India Core Business. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, to be honest, in India Core we don't spend a lot of time looking at or 
tracking competition. Part of the reason could be that, you know, 
competition is very distributed across categories and micro-markets. I think 
much of this growth is actually just driven by internal factors around, you 
know, what I refer to as faster, cheaper, better. And as I mentioned, like, we 
feel we left demand on the table because we were supply-constrained for 
most of the quarter. 
  
So I think that's really where our effort is. It's on the supply side, it's on 
making sure that, quality of our supply side, of our service professionals, 
training, SOPs are top notch. And we continue to drive densification, and 
consequently roll out instant. And I think the goodness of that, in our view, 
those are strong inputs. If the service is available faster, it's better value for 
the end consumer, and the quality of service is improving, you know, in our 
view, that should translate into growth. 

Gaurav Rateria: 
Got it. Secondly, on the… is there a sensitivity to AOV from demand 
perspective? I know that for a lot of the basic categories, the AOVs would 
have remained largely similar across the last couple of years. And if there 
is an inflation-related problem, even if it is a transient one, there could be 
some impact on the AOVs. And I'm just trying to understand, based on 
your historical experience, have you seen any sensitivity, or it doesn't really 
matter? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
I would say in the core, the sensitivity is low. In InstaHelp, of course, is 
very high. But in the core, we haven't… like, there's always some 
sensitivity, but it's… it's very much manageable. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Okay. Last question on your outlook on consolidated break-even. Nothing 
has changed, right? While external involvement on Insta category has 
changed in terms of potential fundraising, etc. Is it coming from greater 
confidence in the core business, given that you have executed or 
out-executed your own expectations in fiscal 26? Which gives you a very 
strong confidence that even if the investments were to remain higher than 
what you would have thought through in Insta, you would be more than 
able to offset that with better profitability. In the core business, so… or is it 
your view that the external environment could change fast? Thank you. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
It's the former. I think we're… we feel that the way we're executing on the 
core will give us enough buffer and cushion. Even if the external 
environment, for instance, were to deteriorate. Yeah. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
All the best, thank you. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Thank you, Gaurav. 
Garima Mishra: 
Next question is from the line of Pranav Kshatriya. Please go ahead. 
Garima Mishra: 
Please go ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
My question is, you know, the first question is regarding the… 
Garima Mishra: 
your voice is unclear. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Hello, can you hear me? 
  
  

Garima Mishra: 
It's better now. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
My question is regarding the volatility in the margin for the India core 
business. So, while the EBITDA margins have structurally sort of trended 
up, in this quarter, as you said, that, you know, this, you know, you were 
supply constrained, and hence one would have expected the margins to sort 
of go up, but that has not really happened. So, what exactly led to, that 
situation? 
  
And my second question is that, you know, for InstaHelp platform, what 
kind of cohort, you know, are we getting? Is it the same cohort which was 
sort of using other services is now coming to InstaHelp, or there is a new 
set of, customers who are coming? And is there any rub-off of, those 
customers, because of this application? 
  
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
So, thanks for the question, Pranav. On the India Consumer Services, 
adjusted EBITDA margin as a percentage of NTV. 
  
We've mentioned this in the past, that the right way to think about this is 
year-on-year versus quarter on quarter. And that's because there are 
multiple factors every quarter around seasonality, etc. And therefore, you 
know, Q1 and Q3 in every year are structurally better quarters than Q2 and 
Q4. Why is that the case? It's because … you know, Q1 and Q3 are 
seasonally stronger quarters. Therefore, a lot of the marketing, supply 
ramp-up, etc. for us happens in the preceding quarters, which is Q2 and Q4. 
Q4 also happens to be the quarter where we have our annual appraisals. So, 
for a variety of factors, if we look at this business on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis from a margin standpoint, we'll not be able to fully understand and 
appreciate. Now that we have 8 quarters of trajectory, we can actually 
compare year-on-year. And that's what we've always told investors, that 
don't look at it quarter on quarter, look at it year-on-year. Year on year, Q4 
has gone from 1.6% in Q4 FY25 to 3.3% in Q4 FY26, and also the entire 
India Consumer Services business has gone from 3.3% to 4.1%. 
  
That trajectory, we believe, should continue, and eventually this business 
should get to about 10% adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of NTV, over a 
longer period of time. And every year, there will be margin expansion. 
Some years it'll be faster, some years it'll be slower. But the right way to 
think about it is year-on-year, not quarter. 
  

So that's the first question. Second question on InstaHelp, I think we're 
seeing both existing cohorts of Urban Company consumers adopt it, but 
we're also seeing newer cohorts and newer customers, first time to the 
platform, adopt InstaHelp, and so InstaHelp, to that extent, is also helping 
us expand the total tap. ​
 
Pranav Kshatriya: 
Okay, thank you, that's from my side. All the best. 
  
Abhiraj Bhal: 
Thank you, Pranav. 
 
Garima Mishra: 
Next question is from Srinath V. Please go ahead. 
  
Srinath V: 
  
Hi, Abhiraj. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. First, I wanted to 
understand, you know, as we go into FY27, how do we look at, you know, 
between adding new micro-markets and deepening our supply and 
InstaHelp? You know, how many new micro-markets are we looking to 
open, or cities are we looking to open? Because, you know, for example, in 
our office, more than 50% of the staff don't have access to, you know, 
InstaHelp. So how… when would, you know, our top 3 cities get fully 
covered for us, you know, across, say, Bangalore, NCR, and Mumbai, for 
example? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, good question, Srinath. I think… hard to give a precise timeline, but 
what I'd say is that our leaning is always towards densification and going 
deeper and penetrating existing micro-markets. We'll continue to expand 
coverage in a calibrated fashion, but we do believe that the most important 
micro-markets have to be won, and therefore, densifying and penetrating 
them deeper will be priority over proliferation. 
Srinath V: 
Perfect. Any broad thoughts on getting full coverage in the top cities? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
I think full coverage may not happen even for a long period of time, 
because, in certain parts of the city, there might not be adequate density for 
me to be able to have effective cost to serve. So, micro-markets that we're 
prioritizing are the micro-markets where we believe that as we densify, we 
can eventually get those micro-markets to break even and eventually 
become profitable, even if in the interim, they are loss-making. There'll be 
some parts of the city where just the demand density is so spread out that, 
at least so far, we haven't cracked the model to serve them well. 
 

Now work on that will continue to happen, but, you know, if you think 
about how demand density, and cost to serve plays out in InstaHelp, it is 
actually far more hyperlocal than quick commerce. And so to that extent, 
you know, the prioritization playbook here is, even more important. Yeah. 
  
Srinath V: 
Perfect. On the strong India services growth would it be fair to assume that, 
some of the Instahelp flywheel is playing out? Any qualitative comments 
on, how cross-sell is playing out with customers who are, you know, 
Instahelp customers? As the app moves to the front page, you know, of the 
phone, are we seeing any higher, you know, repeat usage for those 
particular cohort of customers that could be helping the strong growth in 
India services? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Too early to, to form a view there, Srinath. But if anything, we think the 
growth is in and of its own merit. 
Srinath V: 
Got it. And the last question would be, you know, given that some level of 
marketing activity is also started for InstaHelp, the losses that we're 
posting, not necessarily all of these losses are coming from a CM level of, 
you know, MG and consumer subsidies. Would there be some amount of 
spends, you know, on performance marketing or advertising, you know, in 
a way, fixed cost of InstaHelp? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yes, absolutely, and we've mentioned that in the letter as well, that this 
quarter saw elevated marketing to acquire new users, and build the brand, 
including for the Cricket World Cup. And actually all other metrics, which 
formed part of the loss per order moved in the right direction and moved 
positively. It was only largely on account of this one metric that the loss per 
order swung in the reverse direction. But everything else actually, moved in 
the right direction. 
Srinath V: 
So, to be clear, contribution loss per order was actually down, but it was 
largely losses from fixed cost. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Correct. 
 
Srinath V: 
Perfect, thanks. Thanks a lot. I'll get back to the question queue. 
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Pathak. 
Please go ahead. 

Abhishek Pathak: 
Yeah, hi, thanks, Garima, for the opportunity. Hi team, congrats on a great 
quarter. So my question was, kind of, you know, a follow-up on, on the 
InstaHelp, offering. Is it fair to assume that, you know, as compared to 
other services which require densification, the degree of densification 
required here is far higher because, you know, I mean, the maids, etc, they 
might not really have modes of transport, and from that perspective, the 
TAM would probably be even more constrained, considering it requires 
hyper densification. In that context, considering, you know, we've got, let's 
say, two to three players attacking this particular sort of, you know, TAM in 
a very irrational way, how long or rather, what are the kind of, you know, 
criteria we set ourselves to, in the sense that when does this market… if it 
becomes irrational for too long, do we choose to kind of, you know, pare 
back sort of our investments, or… or do we double down here, you know, 
considering InstaHelp can be a funnel to our other offerings which may be 
slightly, sort of, you know, which may have slightly higher TAM. Thank 
you. 
  
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yup. Short answer to that question is… You're right, InstaHelp’s density is 
far more granular compared to core, or perhaps any other consumer 
internet business, to the best of our knowledge. Does that constrain the 
TAM? Maybe, you know, and maybe playbooks can evolve to serve 
medium-density micro-markets as well. So, I think that's to be seen. How 
large as a consequence of that, how large is the TAM and the size of the 
prize? We don't know, and honestly, we don't… beyond a point, like, that's 
not the most important thing we're worried about today. Whatever it is, we 
want to win it. That's how we think about it. I think we don't have a choice. 
We have to win, and we have to win big. If it's a very large TAM, great. If 
it's a medium-sized TAM, that's also good for us, because we have other 
businesses that we live and eat our bread off, so this business only helps 
accelerate those, and it plays a certain role in terms of frequency and 
engagement on the app. We have discussed and debated this internally, and 
our view is, you know, whether it's a mid-sized TAM or a very large TAM, 
right now, from our perspective, strategically, the only thing that makes 
sense is to attack it, aggressively and win it. 
Abhishek Pathak: 
Oh, very clear Abhiraj. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Does that make sense? But that's how we are thinking about it, like, 
actually thinking about it pretty simply, rather than trying to 
overcomplicate it. Whatever the size of the TAM is, we have to win it. 

Abhishek Pathak: 
  
Understood, thank you, thank you so much. 
Garima Mishra: 
Sure, thank you. Next in line is Swapnil Potdukhe. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to, 
InstaHelp versus International markets. Now, the question out here is, like, 
is, winning in the InstaHelp market in India more important than 
opportunity available in, let's say, some of the other geographies where 
your services are not available beyond UAE and Singapore today, and there 
could be a potential TAM available there also. And, with limited 
competition compared to what is happening in InstaHelp right now. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, no, good question. And strategically, and we mentioned that in the 
past in a few shareholder letters as well, I think we've strategically chosen 
to prioritize India. And the two, overseas markets that we have fully owned 
subsidiaries in, UAE and Singapore, as well as KSA through a JV. We are 
clear we're not launching any other international markets I'm sure the 
opportunity is good in some of these markets, but from our strategic 
prioritization standpoint, we are focused in India and these two markets for 
now, and for the foreseeable future. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So, will it be fair to say that till the time you achieve your guidances, the 
medium-term guidances, any incremental international geography is 
broadly out of question? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yes, absolutely. And we've said that, in one of the past letters in as many 
words as well. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. The second question is with, respect to, is there any, seasonality in 
your customer marketing expenses for the, India, business? Because it 
seems from 3Q to 4Q for the last two years, these costs have been, 
increased on a, you know, quarterly basis. 
  

Abhay Mathur: 
This is Abhay and I’ll answer that. Yes, there is seasonality in our 
marketing spend and the cadence. So, typically, as Abhiraj mentioned, you 
know, Q1 and Q3 are the quarters where we see a lot of consumer activity. 
And before the beginning of those quarters, you know, and to some extent 
during the quarter, we do increase our marketing spends at that time. 
Overall, if you've seen, we have seen consistent operating leverage in our 
marketing spends. Over the last couple of years. But yes, in the year, there 
are spikes, depending on when the season is about to start. 
  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it, got it. Thank you, guys, those were my questions, and all the best. 
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you. Next in line is Pranay Jain. Please go ahead. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Garima Mishra: 
Yes 
Pranaya Jain: 
Okay, thank you for the opportunity. So I have 3 questions. My first 
question is, could you help us understand, you know, how the instant India 
consumer business works operationally? Like, how do you transition from 
a scheduled services marketplace to an instant service 
model. Like, do you require excess capacity initially in order to, you know, 
do, like, ensure timely supply? That's my first question, and I'll then follow 
it up with the other two. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, no, great question. And… how this works, I won't go into the level of 
detail here, but, it's a reasonable change management that we do at the back 
end -- Operationally, realigning the micro-markets, in terms of their size, 
realigning partner expectations, calendar management, availability, et 
cetera, et cetera, before we flip a micro-market in a category and make the 
instant proposition available there. We also have to ensure that there is 
adequate supply and demand and density therein. The interesting point here 
is that, and you've shown this in our letter as well, we're achieving this with 
increasing utilization on the supply side and not decreasing utilization. So, 
conventional wisdom would say that in order to offer instant, you'll have to 
keep slack, and therefore utilization should fall. What we're experiencing is 
that utilization is actually improving. That's because we're offering 
instantly the sweet spot of 30 to 60 minutes, which doesn't require us to 
break the back on capacity and utilization. If anything, those orders, see 
fewer cancellation rates with rescheduled orders. And, you know, 

back-to-back packing efficiency is better. And consequently, we're actually 
seeing better utilization, as a result of that instant rollout. 
So it's a real win-win, in our view. You know, it helps improve packing 
efficiency and overall utilization for partners, and consequently improve 
their earnings. It helps bring down time to serve for end consumers, and it's 
also more profitable for us. Obviously, if we were to take the core 
marketplace also all the way to 10 minutes. That would mean what you're 
saying, which is… which is keep a lot of excess capacity, but we don't 
think that's needed. We think 30 to 60 minutes is adequate for most of our 
core services. As long as we can deliver that reliably, consumers are happy 
with that change and shift. 
  
Pranaya Jain: 
Got it. Understood. Thank you for that. My second question is, on the fact 
that, you know, you've spoken about it earlier as well, and even this 
shareholder letter, that there is deep trust that is embedded in the model, 
given that professionals spend significant time inside the homes of the 
consumers, customers. But at the same time, we are seeing new instant 
service platforms also enter, and they are also gaining a reasonable amount 
of customer acceptance. So, do you think the comfort of the customer with 
allowing service professionals into their home is becoming more 
standardized over time across platforms? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
I think at the end of the day, any player that executes well on quality, on 
safety, on trust and doesn't take the customer's trust for granted, can 
eventually gain acceptance. And, you know, we don't make any tall claims 
that we'll be the only player who will enter the homes of the customers. 
We're certainly one of the trusted players, in our view. We also think to be 
able to do this across 60-plus categories and hundreds of micro-markets, in 
categories in our core business where the complexity of the business is 
much higher, in terms of training, in terms of tooling, SOPs, etc, is not an 
easy feat. Sometimes easy to execute that in a single category business, but 
not so much across multiple categories. And therefore, historically, we've 
also seen competition limited to one or two verticals, rather than the entire 
horizontal skew. 
 
Now, it's always possible that, you know, over time, players emerge in the 
entire horizontal space, which is okay. At the end of the day, competition 
keeps us honest, you know, keeps us, charged up, and delivers the best 
services to the end consumers. So, it's a very large market, as we've 
emphasized multiple times in the past. 
  

The total market is more than 5 lakh crores. We're still a very, very small 
percentage of that market, sub 1%, and, you know, I think, if anything, the 
focus should be on how do we keep growing the pie, versus, you know, 
zero sum of how we break a small pie today between players. 
Pranaya Jain: 
Right, makes sense. Last question is on the international business. Could 
you elaborate on the competitive landscape across your key markets, given 
that these markets are relatively more organized and structured? You know, 
who are your key competitors over here? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah. I think, in UAE, we have one more, competitor, a major, I mean, 
there are lots of players, but there's, there is a company called JustLife, 
who has been around in the market for as long as we have, a little bit longer 
than us. Pretty decent players. We do have respect for them, and we've 
learned a lot from them, and they've learned a lot from us. And we believe 
that the competition in that market has been quite healthy and both players 
are growing well. And that market continues to be very attractive from a 
long-term growth and margin attractiveness standpoint. So, I think that's an 
interesting and exciting market. 
  
In Singapore, there are lots of smaller players, nobody meaningful to call 
out. Again, a very, very exciting market, growing well for us, profitably. 
  
Both the markets, I think the headroom for growth is meaningful. We're 
growing profitably. Our proposition continues to improve year after year. 
The same playbook of faster, cheaper, better is playing out in those markets 
as well, and if anything, in an accelerated fashion. 
  
Because, the demand density, you know, operates on steroids in some sense 
in both these markets, so we're quite excited by how our international 
business is shaping up across these two markets. Saudi, we don't recognize 
revenue, but that business is also shaping up very well. We've disclosed the 
numbers, and as you can see, the growth is in the right direction. Margins 
are improving. We now believe we have a clear line of sight towards 
profitability in our joint venture in Saudi Arabia as well, and we're quite 
excited by that. 
  
Pranaya Jain: 
Got it. Thank you for the answers, and all the best for the coming quarters. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Thank you 

Garima Mishra: 
Next question is from the line of Dipak Saha. Please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity, am I audible? 
Garima Mishra: 
Yes 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yes Dipak, please go ahead. 
Dipak Saha: 
Yeah, so first of all, congratulations on getting great set of numbers. My, 
only question I have on the international side, what I understood, for the 
international business, you very beautifully laid out the fact that how your, 
you know, the subscription model has played out and, meaningfully 
contributing to the overall, numbers there. If you just can lay out what are 
the drivers that are working well for subscription model there. And 
secondly, how can we apply that model here, if at all the dynamics allow us 
to do that? These are the two questions I have, initially. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, Deepak, that's a good question. So, Deepak, one of the main services 
for us, a fairly important service in both UAE and Singapore is cleaning. 
Deep cleaning of the home. And while some households there have 
permanent house help as you can imagine, a lot of households don't, and 
therefore they rely on platforms like us, or local players, offline players, 
and the larger market to get, weekly, bi-weekly, fortnightly, monthly, or 
once-in-a-while deep cleaning done. 
  
We've been able to launch, subscription programs and lock in, essentially, 
these households and users into more high-frequency deep cleaning. So, for 
example, in UAE, many of our users use our deep cleaning not just once in 
a while, but maybe on a weekly or fortnightly basis, and quite a few of 
them use it multiple times a week as well. And that actually accelerates the 
growth of the business. 
  
Similarly, in Singapore, while the sub-weekly use case for our deep 
cleaning is not prevalent, many users use us on a weekly or fortnightly 
basis, and these users get locked into subscription programs, and then, you 
know, it becomes sort of an annuity-like business. 
  
Some of those learnings can certainly be helpful for us here in India as 
well. We are toying with and experimenting with cleaning subscriptions. I 
believe over time, we will experiment with versions of these in InstaHelp 
as well. And we also have bundling programs in India, which take a leaf 

out of the playbook in our international markets. So, many learnings for us, 
from these two markets. 
  
Dipak Saha: 
Got it, that's helpful. Just in the same context, when we see InstaHelp, you 
mentioned that for 10% of the users, you have 8 times monthly orders, and 
for 1% of the top users, you have 21 times, right? So is there a scope? I 
know it's pretty early days, but is there a scope of enabling any subscription 
model for InstaHelp in India? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
I'm sure it's possible. I'm sure the scope is there. 
  
Dipak Saha: 
Super, super. Fine. And last question on InstaHelp's side, 
On the payment side, right, so the payouts that we're doing to our 
professionals, so just trying to understand, because the volume has gained 
meaningfully, say, 3 months ago and currently, is there any change in the 
structure of payment, as far as fixed payment is concerned, and job-specific 
variables are concerned? Is there any specific change which can improve 
the cost dynamics depending upon, successfully delivered services or jobs. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Yeah, we keep… we keep experimenting and toying with various structures 
tactically. That we believe are sort of best suited to win different 
micro-markets and keep supply engaged, and depending upon the 
supply-demand situation in a particular micro-market in a particular point 
in time, you know, we're quite nimble with some of these changes. 
  
Dipak Saha: 
So, does it have any fixed component, or gradually we're moving to a lower 
fixed component in that context? 
  
Abhira Singh Bhal: 
I mean, there's a per-hour payout, essentially, but that can vary based on the 
quality of the service professional and the particular micro-market, time of 
the day and time of the week. It's quite dynamic. 
Dipak Saha: 
That's, that's really helpful. Thanks a lot. Last question from my end, on the 
user side, so, say, Instahelp and consumer services business, right? So, are 
we seeing incrementally, any new users coming solely for InstaHelp, and 
again, you're able to cross-utilize it for consumers, or it's the other way 
around? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
It's both. 

Dipak Saha: 
Okay, okay, okay. Any distribution you would like to, you know, lay out, in 
terms of proportion, somewhere more, it's a core business, higher 
proportion leading to insta-help, incrementally, or it's the other way? 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
No, not right now. 
 
Dipak Saha: 
Okay, fine. Thank you. That's really it, and all the best wishes. 
Abhiraj Singh Bhal: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 
Garima Mishra: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today, and we would like to close 
the call here. Thank you, members of the management, and all participants 
for joining Urban Company's results call. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
Thank you. 
 
