 
 
 
 
 
 
May 24, 2026 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on May 19, 2026, pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q4 FY26 post results earnings call held on May 19, 2026. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Zydus Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
Dhaval N. Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI
Digitally signed by DHAVAL 
NARENDRA SONI 
Date: 2026.05.24 21:20:13 +05'30'

 
1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q4 FY26  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Zydus Lifesciences Earnings 
Conference Call for Q4 FY26.  Please note all participants’ line will be in ‘listen-
only’ mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
management's opening remarks. Should you need any assistance during the 
conference, please raise your hand from the ‘participant’ tab on the screen. 
While asking questions, request you to please identify yourself and your 
company. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
 
 I now hand over the conference to Mr. Ganesh Nayak, Director at Zydus 
Lifesciences. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Mr. Ganesh Nayak: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to our 
post-results teleconference for the fourth quarter and the financial year ended 
March 31st, 2026. For today's call, we have with us, Dr. Sharvil Patel, Managing 
Director, Mr. Tushar Shroff, CFO, Mr. Arvind Bothra, Head of Investor Relations 
and Mr. Alok Garg from the Managing Director's Office. 
To begin with, let me give you an overview of the performance for the year. I am 
happy to inform you that we have ended the fiscal 2026 on a strong note. 
Overall, we delivered healthy double-digit growth during the year ahead of our 
expectations. Even after adjusting for acquisitions, the base business grew in 
double digits. This reflects the underlying strength of our operations. On the 
profitability front, we surpassed our expectations, achieving the highest ever 
operating profit as well as margins during the year. A strong product mix 
combined with operating leverage and forex tailwinds propelled profitability. 
In the Pharma space, our US formulations business grew on a higher base of the 
previous year despite the increased competitive intensity in key products. Base 
business volume expansion, new launches and sustained traction in the specialty 
portfolio drove growth during the year. Our branded formulations business in 
India outpaced the market with strong double-digit growth supported by healthy 
volumes and new product introductions. Our international markets business, 
spanning emerging markets and Europe, sustained strong momentum with 
demand-led growth across geographies. 
We expanded into the international consumer wellness space by acquiring and 
integrating UK-based Comfort Click Limited. This move establishes our footprint 
across the UK, EU and the US. It significantly strengthens our presence in the high 
growth VMS segment, covering adult nutrition, pediatric wellness and animal 
health. 
On the medical devices front, we took significant strategic steps as we 
established it as one of the three business verticals for Zydus. We acquired the 
French orthopedic firm, Amplitude Surgical, and entered the nephrology and 

 
3 of 22 
 
cardiovascular devices space. These moves position us well for the next phase of 
our growth. 
We are also accelerating our digital transformation. Advanced analytics, 
automation and AI are now embedded into our operations, improving efficiency 
and the way we serve our stakeholders. 
With that, let me take you through the financial numbers for the year gone by. 
We recorded consolidated revenues of ₹ 271.5 billion, up 17% on a year-on-year 
basis. The business delivered strong operating performance with an EBITDA 
margin of 31.2%, which is an improvement of 80 basis points over the high base 
of the previous year. Consequently, the consolidated EBITDA for the year grew 
by 20% to ₹ 84.8 billion. Net Profit, adjusted for exceptional items, for the year 
was ₹ 54.6 billion, up 15%. Thanks to our strong financial performance and 
disciplined financial management, we kept our net debt to EBITDA ratio 
comfortably within the benchmark levels, even as we pursued several inorganic 
growth opportunities during the year. Our net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at 0.5 
times as on the 31st of March 2026. 
Coming to our quarterly financial performance, we ended the year on a strong 
trajectory. Our consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at ₹ 75.9 billion, up 
16% on a year-on-year and 11% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Our operating 
profitability continued to improve with an EBITDA margin of 33.7%, which is an 
improvement of 110 basis points on a year-on-year and 720 basis points on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹ 25.6 billion, up 20% 
on a year-on-year and 41% on a sequential basis. Net Profit for the quarter, 
adjusted for the exceptional expense, was ₹ 15.9 billion, up 15% on a year-on-
year and 43% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the fourth quarter of 
FY26 for our key business segments. 
In the Pharmaceutical space,  
North American business, comprising of the US and Canada, registered revenues 
of ₹ 29.5 billion during the quarter up 5% quarter-on-quarter. Growth during the 
quarter was driven by volume expansion in the base business, new product 
launches and sustained traction in the specialty and rare disease portfolio. On 
the US Genetics front, we filed 3 ANDAs, received 9 approvals and launched 6 
new products during the quarter. On the US specialty front, in the month of April 
2026, we filed 2 new product dossiers through the 505(b)(2) route, thereby 
bolstering our pipeline. In the orphan and rare disease space, we launched 
Zycubo, which is copper histidinate, for the treatment of Menkes disease, which 
is an ultra-rare disease. With this launch, we now have 3 rare disease products 
marketed by Sentynl. 

 
4 of 22 
 
In India, our branded formulations business sustained its growth trajectory with a 
robust 15% year-on-year growth, outperforming the market growth for yet 
another quarter. Chronic segment continued to grow at a faster pace, driving the 
overall growth of the business. In terms of therapy performance, the business 
grew faster than the market in key therapies of cardiology, respiratory, 
dermatology and in the super specialty areas of oncology and nephrology. On the 
super specialty front, we continued to retain leadership position in the oncology 
therapy. Contribution of the chronic portfolio has increased consistently over the 
last several years and stood at 46.3% as per IQVIA MAT March’26, which is an 
improvement of 620 basis points over the last 3 years. During the quarter, we 
launched the world's first biosimilar of Nivolumab under the brand name 
TishthaTM, reinforcing our growing capability in advanced biologics and immuno-
oncology. This immunotherapy will reduce the treatment burden by making it 
accessible at approximately one-fourth the cost of the reference drug and is 
likely to benefit over 500,000 patients. We also launched the country's first 
indigenously developed biosimilar of Aflibercept 2 mg under the brand name 
AnyraTM for advancing ophthalmic care. During the quarter, we launched 
semaglutide injection under the brand names SemaglynTM, MashemaTM, and 
AltermeTM. in a reusable multi dose pen, enabling flexible dosing, better 
adherence, and lower therapy costs. To expand patient access to these advanced 
diabetes and weight management therapies, we also entered licensing and 
supply agreements with Lupin and Torrent Pharma for co-marketing in India. 
Our International Markets Formulations business continued to deliver strong 
double-digit growth with revenues of ₹ 8 billion, up 45% year-on-year. The 
growth was broad-based across regions with strong demand-driven performance 
in both the emerging markets and Europe, supported by focused execution. 
Our Consumer Wellness business recorded revenues of ₹ 14.6 billion, up 61% 
year-on-year. In the domestic business, we retained leadership position across 
most product categories that we operate in. Skin and haircare brands and food 
and nutrition brands registered growth of 39.7% and 9.4% respectively, whereas 
seasonal brands declined by 9.8%. International business, including the Comfort 
Click business, delivered a like-to-like growth of 31.4%. 
In the Medical Devices space, the business performed in line with expectations 
and registered revenues of ₹ 3.3 billion. We expect the business to deliver steady 
performance in the coming quarters. This will be driven by expanding our 
geographic presence to capture newer markets, unlocking cost synergies over 
time to improve profitability and leveraging our technology-driven advanced 
portfolio to deliver superior patient health outcomes. 
On the Operations front, our oncology injectable manufacturing facility located 
in Ahmedabad SEZ received an EIR, Establishment Inspection Report, for the pre-
approval inspection conducted in the month of November, 2025. 

 
5 of 22 
 
This concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. Sharvil Patel to take 
you through the key drivers across businesses as well as initiatives in our 
innovation program. Thank you.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is a pleasure 
to have you all here today on the call. Fiscal 2026 was remarkable with robust 
double-digit growth and record operating profitability. Even excluding inorganic 
moves, the base business delivered strong double-digit growth, reflecting the 
strength of our portfolio, our pipeline of innovation and the resilient supply chain 
and strong execution capabilities. 
 
Over the last couple of years, we undertook several inorganic initiatives to 
acquire new capabilities to expand our offerings and enable the patients to fulfill 
their diverse healthcare needs. These organic moves coupled with various 
business development initiatives have complemented the existing business well 
and will be the key pillars for sustained long-term growth going forward. 
 
In the U.S. market, we ranked amongst the top 3 players in the generic space, 
backed by a rich and differentiated products portfolio built in-house as well as 
through partnerships. As we pivot towards specialty, we are driving growth 
through multiple levers. Our 505(b)(2) pipeline built via in-house development, 
partnerships and LiqMeds acquisition is expanding steadily. Sentynl pediatric rare 
disease portfolio is broadening access to innovative therapies.  In biosimilars, we 
have in-licensed two large molecules and strengthened capabilities with the 
newly acquired US manufacturing facilities. We shall maximize the utilization of 
these facilities through continued BOT-BAL supply to Agenus and onboarding of 
new partners. Together, these initiatives position us strongly to accelerate our 
specialty play. 
 
We are accelerating our US specialty oncology strategy through the proposed 
acquisition of Assertio holdings. This is a pivotal move that provides us with an 
immediate high-scale commercial platform in the oncology supportive care. At 
the heart of the deal is Rolvedon, a USFDA-approved long-acting biologic that 
anchors our portfolio. By leveraging Assertio's deep oncology relationships and 
the strong share in Medicare Part B accounts, we are now not just expanding our 
footprint, we are building a highly differentiated, high-margin specialty oncology 
business in the US that is accretive and establishes a strong platform for the 
future. 
 
The India formulation business remains a compelling growth story for us. Our 
branded portfolio once again outpaced the market with strong double-digit 
growth, driven by consistent strength of our brands, sharper therapy focus and a 
pipeline built around differentiation and unmet needs. Years of this deliberate, 
strategic interventions have created a compounding effect, broadening our 
reach, deepening our customer trust and accelerating our commercial 

 
6 of 22 
 
momentum. What makes this especially meaningful is that our engagement 
extends well beyond the point of prescription. Through patient support programs 
and value-added services, we remain a dependable partner at every step of a 
patient's healthcare journey. 
 
Our international markets formulations business, spanning emerging markets 
and Europe, have consistently delivered strong double-digit growth over the past 
several quarters. In emerging markets, we are driving performance through a 
therapy-led approach, tailoring solutions to local needs and building a more 
agile, market-responsive portfolio. In Europe, our focus is on expanding portfolio 
breadth and strengthening market coverage, positioning us to capture 
incremental growth and deliver enhanced value to our customers. 
Our Consumer Wellness business continues to drive our growth fueled by 
category-led leading brands and a shift towards premiumization. We are 
aggressively expanding into nutrition and vitamin, minerals, and supplement 
space while scaling our digital footprint through Comfort Click acquisition. Our 
focus remains on innovation and digital first segments, ensuring we build a 
future-ready portfolio that delivers consistent results for our stakeholders. 
In our MedTech business, we are strategically focused on three critical areas – 
cardiology, nephrology, and orthopedics, to build strong growth engines for 
growth. With Amplitude, advanced orthopedic portfolio, we are bringing cutting-
edge innovations to patients, surgeons, and healthcare facilities worldwide. In 
cardiology, we are broadening our offerings to meet evolving clinical needs, 
while in nephrology, we are establishing a high-end dialyzer membrane facility to 
address the global rising demand. These initiatives underscore our commitment 
to deliver superior patient outcomes and build a strong, sustainable growth 
engine for the future. 
With this, let me share some material developments on the innovation front 
during the quarter. 
On the NCE research front, 
Our Desidustat tablets, which we licensed to China Medical Systems Holdings in 
2020, has now received approval from the Chinese regulator for the treatment of 
renal anemia. This marks a significant milestone for us, as an approval has come 
in China, the second-largest pharmaceutical market globally, reinforcing the 
global potential of our innovation pipeline. The US FDA has also granted orphan 
drug designation status to Desidustat for the treatment of sickle cell disease 
during the quarter. 

 
7 of 22 
 
Our novel anti-malarial candidate, Zintrodiazine, received the approval from the 
DCGI to conduct two Phase-III clinical trials in patients with uncomplicated 
malaria due to both Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax in India. 
In the Biotech R&D space,  
we initiated a Phase-III trial of a second biosimilar ADC in India. On the novel 
biologics front, we initiated a Phase-I clinical trial for one new candidate and 
preclinical studies for another candidate in India during the quarter. On the 
global development front, the in-licensed Pembrolizumab biosimilar candidate, 
FYB206, successfully completed the clinical development, marking a major step 
towards USFDA filing. 
On the specialty and 505(b)(2) front,  
We entered into an agreement with PRG S&T, a Korean company specializing in 
the development of medicines for rare genetic diseases, to license its 
investigational molecule Progerinin (SLC-D011) for Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria 
Syndrome (HGPS). We shall acquire full rights to this drug candidate upon 
achieving certain milestones, making it a second therapy intended for the 
treatment of HGPS. 
Thank you and we now will start with the Q&A session. Over to the coordinator 
for the Q&A.  
 
Question & Answer Session: 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict to 2 
questions and then return to the queue for more questions. Please raise your 
hand from the ‘participant’ tab on the screen to ask the questions. 
 
The first question is from Kunal Dhamesha.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, this is Kunal from Macquarie. Thanks for taking my question and 
congratulations on good set of numbers. First one for you, Sharvil Bhai, FY26 has 
been exceptionally strong for us, where do you see FY27, from the growth 
perspective as well as the profitability perspective? Any outlook here would be 
helpful. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Kunal. So, I think, we are very happy with the 2026 performance. 
Looking forward, I think, on the consolidated revenue, we still continue to see 
high teens growth for FY27. We do expect that in spite of a high base of FY26 for 
North America, we will still see a growth, single digit growth, in the North 
American business aided by the portfolio. 

 
8 of 22 
 
 
In India, we have now consistently demonstrated better than market growth and 
we are thinking, we will outperform the market by 200-400 basis points versus 
the current IPM. 
 
On the international markets, we have seen very significant 40% plus compound, 
I mean, growth for the year and 45% for the quarter and we see that momentum 
continuing also in the current year. 
 
And with the consumer, on the consumer side also, we see a good momentum 
on double digit growth. 
 
So, I think, overall on the revenue side, we see a strong momentum for the 
organization. On the margins front, we ended this quarter at around 25 point, 
around close to 26%. I think FY27, looking at competition, also Revlimid 
competition, Mirabegron competition, expenses related to Saro launch, we are 
expecting margins in excess of 24%. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
 It still assumes 8% of R&D expense.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay, perfect. And, Sharvil Bhai, on the specialty front, now we have almost 3 
molecules, especially the rare disease molecule in the market through Sentynl. 
We also have kind of 505(b)(2) portfolio through Zituvio Zituvimet. So, if we put 
all these together, which are, let's say, you know, high entry barrier kind of 
molecule, what would be the current contribution of this portfolio? And with our 
pipeline that we have Saroglitazar for PBC, Desidustat in China, where do we see 
this contribution going over the next 3-4 years for our overall business?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, currently, see, I think we are building on the three legs that you just 
mentioned. We have Sentynl, which has now three approved drugs. And with 
this it has become, you know, it has broken even and is going to make profits 
going forward. I think, with adding more portfolio to that business, we would see 
that business scale up but this will be high profitable businesses but not high 
value driven businesses. 
 
On the 505(b)(2), we have now today, obviously, a sitagliptin franchise. The scale 
up is getting along with our oncology supportive care through the in-licensing 
that we did on Beizray, with also the LiqMeds portfolio scaling up. I think this will 
become a more faster scalable business very soon and also very profitable as we 
are able to launch these products, including Ranibizumab, by end of the year. 
 
 So, we would see, I think, ‘27 onwards good momentum and size for this 
business. This is just the beginning, I would say, this year. So, FY28 would be 
seeing a stronger momentum but this year also will be quite a good growth for 
these businesses. 

 
9 of 22 
 
 
And, finally, Saro, we are still in the early commercialization in the sense of hiring 
teams and preparing for the pre-launch activity. As we come closer to approval 
and launch, we can share more details. But, overall, yes, our vision is that our 
non-generic specialty portfolio will be the meaningful growth driver for the 
organization over the next 3-5 years. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, that is great. Lastly, on this Assertio, I mean, potential acquisition of 
Assertio, how that kind of fits into, I mean, all these three growth driver? The 
product Rolvedon, we have seen it's primarily for the Onco supportive care, 
mainly competing with Pegfilgrastim, if I'm correct. So, how does that, you know, 
within that space, that product kind of how is it positioned? I believe 
Pegfilgrastim also has a device which kind of lets people administer the therapy 
at home rather than spending another day in clinic. So, how Rolvedon compares 
there as well as on some bit of clinical efficacy and safety side for us to kind of, 
you know, be more positive? I mean, how are you seeing positioning this 
molecule?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we already have a supportive oncology team, which currently markets 
Beizray. We have also partnered with RK for one more future supportive 
505(b)(2), which has been filed, and we hope in the next 9-12 months we will see 
the approval and launch. This again adds to the portfolio of this team for launch. 
So, we have already a commercial platform to launch Rolvedon. Today, we 
believe it has around a 4% volume share. It has many benefits. One, it's still a 
novel, long-acting GCSF and not a biosimilar and it also can be administered the 
same day versus the other biosimilars or biologics in the market. So, there is a 
benefit to that. And we see the good momentum, the business tracking and we 
are very confident on once the acquisition is closed, how do we integrate it with 
the business and scale it up. 
 
So, that's the overall plan and currently will be a pipeline of three. We also have 
Ranibizumab launch coming and we see also that with the current team and 
certain resources, we can use them also for the scale up of Ranibizumab.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
So, the commercial presence would be leveraged across many fronts, right? That 
is the way to look at it?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Assertio presence and. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
And that 24% plus EBITDA margin guidance bakes in that incremental commercial 
presence that we are going to build for, let's say, Saro or maybe let's say for 
Assertio?  

 
10 of 22 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. Assertio we are not building yet but Saro is part of our plan. But Assertio will 
not have a cost. I mean, we will see more synergies versus cost.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. I have more questions, I'll join back the queue. Thank you.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Ms. Neha Manpuria.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the India business. I 
think, you mentioned 200-400 basis points higher growth in India versus the 
market. I can see that obviously there has been an improvement in growth in the 
last two quarters for Zydus. Could you talk a little bit about what gives you the 
confidence on maintaining this outperformance incrementally? Where would 
you see more growth coming from in India? 
 
And, second, just a related question on India. Do you think, we need to make 
more investment in India either through MR expansion or probably acquiring 
more products to boost growth or using the investment base and, therefore, this 
growth should drive margin expansion for the business?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, we don't see any further rep investment in the short term. I think we 
are confident on the growth driven by the innovative portfolio, which is scaling 
up very meaningfully. Our focus on the growth booster brands that we have 
been speaking for the last two years now, which is delivering better growth now. 
Also, we are seeing a very strong traction on our key therapies with the launches 
and monetization of our portfolio on biosimilars and also the new launches that 
we have done. And, continuously, we are improving our chronic share 
consistently over the last few years and that is also aiding to better mix in terms 
of the business. 
 
So, I would say, it's an all-round performance with many things, obviously 
innovation led also but also focus on brand building on our core brands is helping 
us succeed.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And, second, you mentioned about the Saro investment. Could you 
provide some color on what you think the investment for Saro would be in Fiscal 
27 to build out the commercial? And another unrelated question, given the 
investments that we've made in different areas, you know, CDMO, MedTech, 
Specialty business now with Assertio, could you provide us some milestones that 
we need to watch to give us confidence on when we should see this business 
becoming more meaningful to Zydus as a whole?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on Saro, for this year, we'll have an additional 70 million kind of investment 
on the commercialization part on Saro. That is what we have factored in. And 
with respect to... 

 
11 of 22 
 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Sorry, Sir, I missed that number. What did you say? Apologies, I missed that 
number.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
70.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
70. Okay, got it. Okay, thank you.   
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
With respect to Assertio, I mean, we still have to close on the deal but we see it 
being an accretive deal to the organization. So, that's what we can say now. Post, 
I think, closure, we can talk about more what it is. 
 Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And for the other businesses, Sir?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sorry?   
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And, you know, we've done like CDMO, we've done MedTech, there's obviously, 
Comfort Click. You know, so for these, what do you think would be a good 
inflection point for us to start seeing meaningful contribution to Zydus' 
performance? For MedTech, yes, we are seeing Amplitude already contribute but 
do you think, you know, the scale up in this business in terms of what we have 
envisaged would take us a couple of years? Or do you think that could be 
witnessed in FY27-28? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
The Medical Devices business is a platform build that we are going through. So, it 
will take at least 3-4 years before we see a strong momentum. But I think, we 
would see improvement of cost and profitability as we build more synergies. 
 
On the Comfort Click business, it is already a strong growth business and for the 
last six months post the acquisition it has delivered on its numbers. It is already 
EPS Accretive in this fourth quarter and going forward also will be EPS Accretive. 
So, I think, that's on track. It's a steady growing, fast-growing business and is 
getting integrated well with the organization. 
 
On the Agenus, on the acquisition of the manufacturing on Zylidac, again, that's a 
beginning, I would say. So, we would need the next 2 years to build capabilities. 
What it gets is obviously immediate supply for the BOT-BAL to Agenus which will 
continue and we're seeing good traction there. But as we add more partnerships 
and maybe more products, we would see better utilization of the facility over the 
next 3 years. But it will take at least next 3 years before we see that facility being 
well utilized.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And this BOT-BAL contribution isn't very meaningful at the moment, right, Sir? 
It's just incremental but it's not like a big revenue contributor. That would be a 
fair assumption?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, so it's not going to be significant but it's around 10 to 15 million revenue.  

 
12 of 22 
 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Okay, got it. All right. Thank you so much, Sir.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Harith Ahmed. 
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
Hi, hope I'm audible. 
Moderator: 
Yes.  
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
My first question is on Saroglitazar. So, we have guided for a 4Q FY26 filing in PBC 
indication. So, can you give an update on the status of that? And if it's filed, do 
we have a goal date from the FDA?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, in a new NDA filing, once the acceptance of the NDA happens, we can give 
you the goal date. So, I think we will update you once we have acceptance of the 
NDA. 
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
So, it's filed but we are awaiting the acceptance?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we have to await the acceptance of the NDA, which is the more important 
milestone.  
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
Okay, got it, Sir. You know, Semaglutide in India, can you give us a sense of the 
rationale for out licensing strategy here to Lupin and Torrent, given we have a 
very differentiated reusable pen device? What was the thought process behind 
going along with our own launch, licensing it out to partners? And then, from a 
realization standpoint, per device, how different is our own sales versus sales 
through partners? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
So, I think we have launched a novel formulation on SEMA. I think it is… 
obviously, as Zydus alone, we don't cover each and every doctor and specialty. 
Also, this being a highly competitive product with the multiple launches, we 
believe that the best strategy would be to launch with more players to create 
more share of voice and more impact for the new formulation with the 
customers. I think that strategy has worked very well. I think we are now number 
2 in terms of share and closely followed by Lupin, and Torrent also has gained 
strong share. So, I think it's a good choice on partners. Together, we control a 
very meaningful part of the market share on Semaglutide, which is also very 
important, and I think it will only grow from strength to strength there.  
 
What we have been able to demonstrate is a very reliable supply, very strong 
product with a highly reliable pen, which has been the challenge in the market. 
First-to-market was also the big success for us and the companies that launched 
with us. So, we do see that this strategy of co-partnering has helped in terms of 

 
13 of 22 
 
gaining strong market share and share of voice and we hope this momentum will 
continue.  
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
Lastly, on Rolvedon, just to clarify, did you mention that the dosing schedule for 
this product is different versus Pegfilgrastim or is it the same?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
I think the… It’s not. The main thing is it can be administered on the same day, 
which is one of the benefits versus… 
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
… the next day for Pegfilgrastim. Okay, got it, sir. Thanks for taking my questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, hi, good evening and congratulations on another good quarter. I have a 
question on R&D expenses, which have ramped up quite rapidly. It appears that 
almost 700 crore of quarterly run rate you have, which is probably one of the 
highest in the industry here. Is it all organically driven? Because if I look at the 
employee expense within R&D, that seemed to have increased at a much more 
moderate pace. And how should we think about the 700 crores? Like what are 
the key investments? And if you can just split it up into generics, biologics, 
vaccines, and innovation?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Sure, so I think yes, we believe R&D is a very critical part for our future growth 
and profitability and we have been consistently investing in that. Obviously, we 
have a little bit of lumpiness during different quarters. As we are guiding for, we 
are seeing around 8% of FY27 is our current expectation on R&D. The breakup is 
around… for the last year is around 50% was on generics and value-added 
generics and the rest 43%... 40% plus was on NCE, biologics, and vaccines. So that 
has been generally the breakup of R&D.  As we move forward, we will probably 
see a little bit higher uptick on the NCEs and biologics and probably a similar kind 
of number on, in terms of absolute number on the generic side.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, so the other one is on SEMA. If you can give some colour based on your 
initial experience in India, how large you think it can be for Zydus over the next 2-
3 years? And the device and pen that you have, is there something you would 
like to do even in other emerging markets with this product or is this largely 
going to be India specific opportunity?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think a good beginning to the launch in multiple ways. One is, we do 
combine have one of the strongest market shares in this new device. So, there's 
been good acceptance to product. We are seeing a better forecast than earlier 
forecasted for all our partners and both Zydus. So, we are seeing a higher uptick 
and more confidence, I would say, going forward in terms of growth. So, 
internally, I think we are well poised to sort of do well in the Indian market with 

 
14 of 22 
 
both how it has gone and what the orders we have for the future to 
manufacture.  
 
We have a plan to make sure that this new formulation is available across 
different markets. We already have a partnership/registration plan for more than 
20 plus markets, which is already ongoing. We are not in the first wave in many 
of this, but we believe with this differentiation, which will offer a significant cost 
benefit to the government and the patients, we would see a good momentum 
for the differentiated formulation in all of these markets. And we are going 
ahead with the filing and obviously partnerships in many multiple markets as we 
speak.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. Any timeline in terms of launches? Is it expected in this year or next year?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Depending on the cycle of approval, we could see some in this year or probably 
some in early next year.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay. And just one last question from my side. If you can guide for your capex 
number for next year, FY27? And also, depreciation number is high in the 
quarter. Is this the number we should bake in on an annual basis going forward?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, yes, we have had an uptick on our capital investment because of multiple 
initiatives that were taken on expansion. So, we are thinking, in FY27, around 
1,500 crore capex number. And the quarterly depreciation is around 550 crores.  
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
So Saion, this also includes the licensing fees that we have capitalized on the 
settlement of Mirabegron, which will be charged up to 2027, September 2027. 
So, it is a limited period charge-off that we will have. Thereafter, there won’t be 
any kind of cost that will be associated with this depreciation.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee:  
Understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra.  
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity, sir. And congratulations for the great set of 
numbers. I'll start with a couple of clarifications that I wanted. First is that, what 
really led to this kind of sequential growth in the US business, despite Revlimid 
not being there? Or if it is there, then you can qualify that. And also, what is the 
kind of like-to-like growth in the US business that we would have seen for the full 
year, FY26? That is one.  
 
And another clarification that if you can give. So, about this $75 million which is 
still likely to be seen as a kind of amortization, beyond that, there is no royalty 
charge or anything, right, in case of Mirabegron? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
There is a royalty charge.  

 
15 of 22 
 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
So, are you quantifying the royalty charge, sir? That is one. And secondly, about 
the US business, the sequential growth, what we have seen, there is a positive 
surprise considering no Revlimid sales sequentially. So, what has driven that? 
And what is the like-to-like growth in the base business of the US for FY26?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, as we had stated in the last quarter also, that we had very little 
Revlimid contribution. And I think this and I would say there are 2-3 factors. One 
is definitely, December end, obviously, there is destocking and you will see 
higher uptick during the Jan, Feb, March quarter. So, there is a small incremental 
benefit that comes out of that. And also, I think multiple levers of new products, 
launches, the Specialty portfolio scaling up, there have been many levers to good 
growth. Also, we have said that our base business continues to do healthy, be 
healthy and consolidated share. So, all of those things have helped us, including 
some more share on Mirabegron. So, overall, we are around the 300 plus million 
base right now.  
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. Okay. So, that means this is a kind of sustainable base even going ahead, 
since you are talking about single-digit kind of growth for the next year, despite 
no Revlimid revenue in the subsequent year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. So, my second question is about the approach towards the biologics or 
biosimilar or the CDMO. So, it is a comprehensive approach, it looks like, from 
the initiatives that you have taken, either by creating capability in the biosimilar 
in the initial stage and building the BLEs also, and simultaneously trying to build 
kind of a CDMO capability in the biologic space. So, putting all this together, 
when is this vertical likely to be a kind of meaningful contributor to Zydus? If you 
can give some sense on that front, then it would be helpful.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, today, the biologics part of our business is very scaled and meaningful 
contributor to our India business. It continues to do extremely well, and we see 
that meaningful, continued scale up. With our partnerships and filings that we 
have done in the EM markets, we would see over the next three years, a 
meaningful scale up of our out licensing and launch of biosimilars in many of 
these markets, which will add to the overall non-US growth for the biosimilars 
business.  
 
I think in the US, we have thought it through well, we have been waiting for 
regulatory framework to change to make it more beneficial to do R&D 
development. And having seen that happen, I think in a very short period, we've 
been able to license and co-develop and plan our biologics business in the US. 
And we would see, I would say on the next three years, important milestone for 
biologics, but more importantly, by 2029, FY29, FY30, we would see the real scale 
up on the global biosimilars business.  

 
16 of 22 
 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay, next question is about the overall growth. See, in fact, FY26 was obviously 
a kind of a great year, supported by Mirabegron, Revlimid, then inorganic 
activities also. So for the next year, what would be your kind of capital allocation 
priorities or the investment priorities? Whether the momentum on the inorganic 
growth side, will that continue? The way that we have seen, it was a kind of very 
heavy inorganic activity year during FY26. So going ahead for FY27, your thought 
process about it?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So yes, I think, you know, what we have been always talking about is building 
new capabilities when we look at our capital allocation strategy with new 
platform capabilities or new portfolio. And if you see many of the inorganic 
opportunities that we have looked at, we have seen where we can really build up 
capabilities and platform. So that has been good. And going forward also, you 
know, scaling up our Specialty business, including 505(B)(2) would be obviously 
one of the important areas that we’d continue to add portfolio to. And I think 
beyond that, we have a good R&D pipeline of products to come through, which 
we are betting on and it looks exciting for us. So we are building towards that. So 
mostly it will be, you know, bolt-on acquisitions that we could look at from the 
Specialty point of view.  
 
Also, potentially, our international business is doing extremely well, as I said, 
growing at 40% plus. We are seeing opportunities to also create a strong leg of 
growth for the international market. So we would continue to look for 
opportunities there.  
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay, just last one point from myself. See this about this Amplitude, we have 
possibly acquired something else also that FBC Medical, which is a distributions 
kind of setup for that business, and it is supposed to add or reduce the cost for 
the Amplitude. So can you give some more clarity to that? Like, what is the 
current profitability of Amplitude as per FY26? And with the initiative, what is the 
kind of margin profile that you are thinking about that operation for next year?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So Amplitude is a profitable business upwards of 20% plus. The acquisition we 
did, you know, there are there are agents and distribution distributors that you 
can acquire. So it's a normal course of business that one does it. And it's not 
really… I mean, in parlance it's an M&A, but it's more about sales and distribution 
kind of consolidation that we do. And as I said, this business over the next few 
years, we will look to improve our profitability and growth.  
Mr. Surya Patra:  
Sure sir. Thank you. Wish you all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Requesting participants to please identify themselves and restrict to 
two questions only. The next question is from Devang Sarawagi.  

 
17 of 22 
 
Mr. Devang:   
 Hello. My question is on Saroglitazar. Firstly, on PBC, given the trial data is out in 
our hands, is company planning to present or publish the PBC clinical trial data at 
EASL 2026?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes.  
Mr. Devang:  
And secondly, on MASH, according to clinicaltrial.gov, the phase 3 clinical trial 
was completed in October 2025. Could you please share the expected timeline 
for publishing or presenting the top line results? Additionally, is company 
evaluating any out-licensing or co-development opportunity with large 
pharmaceutical company for Saroglitazar in the US MASH market?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Currently, we have in India, large phase 4 trial with a 52-week follow-up for 
fibrosis is continuing with its recruitment. And maybe in the next couple of 
quarters, we will close on the recruitment. And then as we get data, we will 
obviously publish the data on that.  
 
With respect to US on PBC, the company has decided to launch the product on its 
own. And so, we are preparing for a commercialization strategy in the US. Post 
favorable approval in the US, we will look to see how do we co-partner or license 
for Europe and other countries.  
Mr. Devang: 
And thirdly, when to expect Desidustat launch in China? What is company 
revenue expectation from this product from Chinese market?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We will hope to see launch in second quarter of FY27 in China. As we get more 
information on the commercial launch and readiness with the partner, we can 
talk about it as we get more information.  
Mr. Devang: 
And lastly, any progress on specialty acquisition for synergizing Saro launch?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No.  
Mr. Devang: 
Okay. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha.  
Mr. Kunal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity again. Just one on the debt side, we are already 
at more around 4,500 crore debt, and with the buyback and  Assertio acquisition, 
we would be almost close to around 7,000 crore net debt, not considering the 
cash generation in ‘27. So what is our plan from here? Do we de-leverage from 
here or are we comfortable at this kind of debt level, which would be more like 
slightly less than one-time net debt to EBITDA? I would like to hear your 
thoughts.  

 
18 of 22 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we are comfortable around one-times net debt to EBITDA right now on an 
ongoing basis, so we don't see that as major concern. We continue to look for 
bolt-on acquisition opportunities for our specialty 505(B)(2) franchise. So that's 
what we'll continue to look at. And so, yeah, from that point of view, we are 
currently comfortable with our current financial metrics.  
Mr. Kunal: 
And this bolt-on would be on the same strategy of orphan, rare disease, right?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Kunal: 
And lastly, we know on the working capital side, that is also kind of inched up 
quite a bit from Quarter 1 of FY26 through Quarter 4. So, where do we see that? 
Do we see working capital coming back to the older levels?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think on the overall receivables as well, I think we are very healthy and probably 
amongst the best-in-class when it comes to working capital management in 
terms of number of days. So I don't see that being a major challenge. We 
continue to always look at ways of improving our health, both on receivables and 
on inventory. So we are comfortable where we are. And obviously with 
acquisitions, you would have additional capital that would have got added. But 
on the overall health parameters, we are probably amongst the top in terms of 
health in industry.  
Mr. Kunal: 
Sure. And lastly, on the current geopolitical environment and its impact on the 
supply chain, what kind of disruption are we witnessing from, let's say, fuel 
availability to container availability, API prices or raw material prices? And how 
has that been factored into our FY27 outlook, along with the currency benefit, 
which I believe would be also a good positive driver. But on the adverse side, the 
other factor, what are we seeing there and how is it factored into our guidance?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So it's very difficult to predict the next three months and six months. But we are 
every day, obviously, solving for challenges or opportunities that we see. 
Obviously, costs do go up on both freight, on times, logistics, as well as on other 
things, which we have to manage through our better sourcing and better 
rationalization and cost optimization. But we are sort of taking it as it comes. As 
we see new challenges, we're trying to respond to them. And I think the teams 
are quite efficient to make sure that they continue to improve on that. Wherever 
we see opportunity to improve our margins, we look at that. And that's what we 
continuously work towards cost efficiencies. But it's very difficult to predict what 
will happen in the next three to six months. So we are taking it as it comes.  
Mr. Kunal:  
Sure. But at this point, the rupee depreciation, would you say rupee depreciation 
is enough to cover all the disruption in terms of increased cost line items? 

 
19 of 22 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we have a good export base. So obviously, rupee depreciation gives us a 
good cash flow. 
Mr. Kunal: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator:  
The next question is from Avneesh Tiwari.  
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
Hi, my first question is regarding your domestic business. We observed that Onco 
IPM growth is also very strong. In fiscal 26, the volume growth was pretty strong. 
Fiscal 25 was very muted. And also the pricing growth in both the years is also 
very strong. Can you just explain what happened in ‘26 versus ‘25 in which this 
happened? And did you experience the same phenomena in your Onco division 
as well?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So I think that IPM doesn't truly capture the full business specific to Oncology. 
Ipsos is probably a better data source to look at. I would say the growth has been 
there in the Oncology market, which with more government schemes getting 
implemented, executed and used and as well as, obviously, we have seen a 
higher incidence of cancers in the last growth on that, so we are seeing a good 
momentum on that. For Zydus, obviously, we have captured a strong share on 
our launches, Pertuzumab, Nivolumab, some of the oral Oncology drugs where 
we were first-to-market. So all of that has led to obviously a very strong patient…  
you know, we have been able to serve a significant number of patients doing so. 
And the strong medical support and patient support programs that we are 
running, we are seeing a very strong traction on the brands, which has led to a 
better growth. And now we are the largest Indian Oncology player in the market. 
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
Right. The second question I had was the trade generic proposition to your Indian 
formulation business. How do you see that as either a long-term opportunity or a 
long-term threat? Like, if you could just explain how are they taking market share 
within your line of businesses?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I would say it's neutral to us and our own trade generics is a very small part of 
our business. So it's more of a cash cow.  
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
Okay. But do you see the other trade generic taking away share over time 
because the government pushes towards that? I don't know how the customer 
acceptance or any other factors would limit this market share erosion over long 
term.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So it does always. Yes, it is a channel and we have to look at the channel, how it 
progresses. And we do look at that. But I think with our innovation pipeline 
differentiation that we have and a core focus on key brands, I think we can sort 
of continue to do better than market from our perspective.  

 
20 of 22 
 
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
Okay. Just to capture on the first point, is the pricing growth also strong in Onco 
line of business or other chronic line of business compared to overall Indian 
formulation business you have?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I'm sorry, could you repeat the question?  
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
The pricing growth, the year over year pricing gains you see.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Pricing generally deflates. Prices goes down, not doesn't go up.  
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
Okay, great. Thank you.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
It's a faster volume growth than value led growth.  
Mr. Avneesh Tiwari: 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you very much to the management team. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Zydus… 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I think if there are people in queue, you can still take a few more questions 
please.  
Moderator:  
Okay. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Yeah, thanks for the follow up. Two specific questions, Dr. Sharvil, if you can 
answer. One is, the biosimilar business size today in India primarily, how large is 
that? If you can share that.  
 
And the second one, I was wondering if you can talk about out of the $1.2 billion 
US revenues, if you add all the Specialty, rare disease plus 505(B)(2), how large is 
portfolio currently?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So as I said, the Specialty still in early stages, so it's not meaningfully very large. 
We see that scaling up over the next three years. On the Oncology, it's obviously 
become a very large integral part of our business. You know, it's crossed 800 plus 
crores now.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, thank you. That’s it.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harith Ahmed.  
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity again. So just following up on the previous 
question on the working capital increase this year. So when I look at the 
operating cash flows for FY26, there's a sharp decline. It's around 2,000 crores. 
It's a lower number compared to our EBITDA for the year being around 7,000 
crores. So are there any one-offs? I understand there's a Mirabegron settlement 

 
21 of 22 
 
later to pay out. But anything else that can explain this relatively lower operating 
cash flow for the year?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So this… I think, obviously, one is a settlement and we had a capex.  
Tushar Shroff: 
The operating cash flow, I think if you really look at it from that perspective, I 
think whatever the acquisitions that we have done to that extent, whatever the 
incremental working capital, which has happened, it is also impacting us in terms 
of operational cash flow. So, the acquisition related working capital changes will 
have an impact on the operational cash flow.  
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
Okay. And last one with your permission, on international markets, I mean, 
through the year we've seen very strong growth in FY26. It's around 40%. So I 
think you had talked about this in the last call as well, but just trying to get some 
more color on what exactly is driving this 40% growth. We hadn't seen such a 
strong growth historically for the segment. And then, if you can also guide us on 
what to expect for the segment going forward.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So I think it's actually has been an all-around growth across regions. So it's not a 
one-off region. So I think we're very happy with how most of the clusters are 
growing. You know, Europe, which was obviously not doing so well for us a 
couple of years ago, in the last two years, has also got a good trajectory. I think 
our new countries that we have launched have scaled up faster than we 
expected and done meaningfully well for us. And I think all of that is led by the 
portfolio that they've been able to launch in these markets.  
 
So I would say again, a good execution, branded focus, key therapy focus and 
also aided by a very strong pipeline, has led to this growth, which we believe will 
continue in the coming years.  
Mr. Harith Ahmed: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Nitin Agarwal.  
Mr. Nitin Agarwal: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question, sir. On the US, when you look through the 
next year guidance, should we expect like a pickup more in the second half of the 
year, or is this going to be a well sort of balanced growth to help lay out numbers 
through the year.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So obviously, product specific, we would see some traction in the later part of 
the year, but we would still see… we will not see any major changes in this next 
two quarters. 
Mr. Nitin Agarwal: 
And is there any part of the portfolio right now that you've sort of… 320 odd did 
we get in this quarter, which is probably subject to some faster erosion than the 

 
22 of 22 
 
average in general? Or this is all now a $320 odd million, which is going to just go 
off… keep growing as a typical generic manner.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So we are around the 300 plus to 310 range. We had, as I said, maybe we'll have 
Mira competition, which we are factored in. So we will see some erosion from 
the current base. So that's what we are expecting.  
Mr. Nitin Agarwal: 
And lastly, you know, if you were to look at the 505(B)(2)s that you've done for 
this year, and some of the other Specialty launches, what proportion of the 1,300 
million… for the 1.3 billion you've done for the year would be on that portfolio?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So as I said, it's still very small, the Specialty business. So it will probably require 
at least… this year, we would see some scale up. So from FY28, we would see the 
scale up on the Specialty business. So we're not calling it out separately, because 
it's not very large right now.  
Mr. Nitin Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Taran Agarwal. I think he dropped out of 
the call. Shall we close the call, sir?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, thank you.  
Mr. Ganesh Nayak: 
Thank you very much. And look forward to interacting with you during the next 
quarter results. Have a good night.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Zydus Life Sciences, that concludes today's 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line and 
exit the webinar. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
