 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
June 5, 2026 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held for Q4 FY 2025-26 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference 
Call held with Institutional Investors/Analysts (Group Meeting) on Friday, May 29, 2026, to discuss 
the operational and financial performance of the Company for the fourth quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026.  
 
The said transcript is also available on the Company's website at www.ionexchangeglobal.com. 
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikisha Solanki 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS- 50894 
 
Encl.: As stated above 
 
NIKISHA 
YOGESH 
SOLANKI
Digitally signed 
by NIKISHA 
YOGESH SOLANKI 
Date: 2026.06.05 
17:07:32 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earning Conference Call 
May 29, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to Ion Exchange 
(India) Limited Q4 & FY26 Earning Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My 
name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the 
Investor Relations of Ion Exchange (India) Limited. 
On behalf of the company and Valorem Advisors, I would like to thank 
you all for participating in the “Company's Earnings Conference Call for 
the 4th Quarter and Financial Year 2026.” 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-
looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks 
and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decision. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and 
bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in 
today's Earnings Call and hand it over to them for their opening 
remarks. We have with us Mr. Aankur Patni -- Vice Chairman; Mr.  
Indraneel  Dutt – Managing Director & CEO; Mr. Vasant Naik – Group 
Chief Financial Officer; and Mrs. Nikisha Solanki – Company Secretary. 
Without any further delay, I request “Mr. Vasant Naik to start with his 
Opening Remarks.” Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 19 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everybody. It is a pleasure to 
welcome all to the Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and 
Financial Year 2026. 
For the 4th Quarter under review on a consolidated basis, the company 
reported an operating income of INR 8,633 million, an increase of 
around 3% year-on-year. 
The EBITDA stood at INR 199 million and EBITDA margin stood at 
2.31% and net profit was INR 243 million and the PAT margin was at 
2.81%. 
For the Financial Year 2026, the company reported operating income 
of INR 29,148 million, an increase of around 7% year-on-year. 
EBITDA stood at INR 2,102 million, down 29% year-on-year. The 
EBITDA margin stood at 7.21%, and the net profit was INR 1,432 
million, whilst the PAT margin was at 4.91%. 
Now, let me take you through the “Quarterly Segmental 
Performance on a Consolidated Basis”: 
In the Engineering segment, the revenue for the quarter stood at INR 
5,539 million, which is flat on a year-on-year basis. The segment EBIT 
was INR 215 million. 
The enquiry pipeline continues to remain healthy with both quarter-on-
quarter and year-on year growth in order inflows, driven primarily by 
medium-sized opportunities across sectors. 
During the quarter, planned dispatches of certain high-value 
engineering contracts to the GCC geographies were impacted due to 
disruptions arising from the West Asia crisis. However, we have since 
received customer clearances to proceed with the execution post the 
end of the quarter. 
The closure of the Sri Lanka project continues to progress as planned 
and we expect to complete the project by the end of the 2nd Quarter of 
the Financial Year 2027. 
During the quarter, we achieved an important milestone with the 
successful commissioning of the raw water treatment plant for the IOCL 
Panipat Refinery project, which is the largest industrial water treatment 
package awarded in India. 
We have also entered into a technology transfer and manufacturing 
collaboration with MANN+HUMMEL, a global leader in filtration 
technology, for the manufacture of ultra-filtration membranes and 

 
Page 3 of 19 
transfer of membrane bioreactor technology to India. This partnership 
further strengthens our membrane portfolio and enhances our 
technology offerings. 
As at 31st March '26, the engineering order book stood at INR 26,433 
million, providing healthy revenue visibility going forward. 
Coming to the “Chemical Segment”: 
The revenue for the quarter was INR 2,297 million, an increase by 
around 3% year-on-year, while the EBIT stood at INR 334 million. 
The business continues to record sequential and year-on-year 
improvement in turnover. However, the turnover was impacted primarily 
in March '26 due to logistic disruption from the West Asia crisis. In 
addition, the profitability during the quarter was also affected by input 
cost increases as well as the Rohafacility cost. We have initiated 
appropriate pricing action to pass on the cost increases to the 
customers. 
We have also successfully completed during the quarter the 
commissioning of all the manufacturing lines at Roha. Further, the 
facility has since received post the end of the March quarter, 
certification from the (WQA), Water Quality Association, which is a 
globally reputed testing agency for the  resins which are manufactured 
at Roha. The certification is expected to enhance our access to 
international markets and support future growth. 
We have also secured strategic contracts with key customers, which 
augurs well for the business growth and strengthens our position in the 
market. 
For the “Consumer Product Division”: 
The revenue for the quarter stood at INR 1,047 million, an increase by 
34% year-on-year. The loss for the quarter was INR 46 million 
compared to a loss of INR 52 million in the same period of the previous 
year. This segment continues to witness healthy volume growth 
supported by expanding market reach and increasing product 
acceptance. The company continues to invest in the business to build 
a significantly higher and more scalable revenue platform. 
Coming to our “International Operations and our Group 
Companies”: 
Execution of the 20-year DBOOT contract valued at OMR 73.46 million, 
which was awarded by the Petroleum Development Oman to our 

 
Page 4 of 19 
subsidiary company, Ion Exchange & LLC Oman, is progressing as per  
schedule. 
We have also entered into a project joint venture with a local partner in 
Malawi for the execution of a water treatment package valued at USD 
18.1 million. This contract has been awarded by the Northern Region 
Water Board, Malawi. 
In parallel, we continue to strengthen our international footprint and are 
expanding our presence across the overseas market with a focused 
strategy to grow our product business and deepen customer 
engagement in key geographies. 
With this, I conclude the opening remarks and we can now open the 
floor to “Q&A.” 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question comes from the line of Harsh Shah from 
Merisis Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah 
Merisis Advisors: 
Can you highlight the strategic significance of a tie-up with 
MANN+HUMMEL JV and what will it do us in terms of capabilities, 
geographical reach and client pre qualifications? 
Management: 
. The MANN+HUMMEL partnership and collaboration is a, very 
important milestone for the future success and growth of the company. 
As we have talked in the past, along with resins and water treatment 
specialty chemicals, the membrane technology and product line is one 
of the important strategic growth levers of the company for the future. 
The global membrane market is growing at a CAGR of 10%-plus and 
would remain a very important market for the company. We are one of 
the very few companies which have such an extensive range of 
membrane products starting from reverse osmosis membranes to ultra-
filtration membranes and nano-filtration membranes. This partnership 
with MANN+HUMMEL was made with the intention of further expanding 
the membrane portfolio to have the latest technologies of ultra-filtration 
PVDF-type flat sheet membranes and to get the MBR technology for 
which MANN+HUMMEL is famous. With this partnership we should be 
able to exploit the total potential of the global membrane market in the 
years to come. 
Harsh Shah 

 
Page 5 of 19 
Merisis Advisors: 
Okay, sir. Can you also highlight on the geographic reach and how do 
you propose to reach out to the clients about the new products that you 
will be developing with MANN+HUMMEL? 
Management: 
So, already the membrane products are beginning to get distributed in 
our market in Middle East as well as in the Asia-Pacific geographies. In 
the near future, we plan to take some of this product also to the Africa 
and the Europe markets. As and when the membrane products are co-
developed with MANN+HUMMEL and with their technology, then those 
products will also be added to the portfolio of membrane offerings in the 
global markets as well. 
Harsh Shah 
Merisis Advisors: 
Okay. Sir, can you also elaborate on the acquisition of MAPRIL and 
what does this acquisition do for us in terms of capacity building or 
geographical expansion? 
Management: 
The acquisition of MAPRIL was done in 2023 middle and that gave the 
company a strategic foothold in the South Europe market, specifically 
in the Iberian Peninsula of Portugal and Spain. This company is based 
in Porto on the west of Portugal and allows us to be a local company 
and tap the potential of the market for the entire range of water 
treatment products and solutions in that geography. The company since 
the acquisition has been fully integrated into the Ion Exchange Group 
and now the company is expanding its presence and increasing its 
business in the Iberian region, and is expected to make an increasing 
contribution to the growth and success of Ion Exchange. 
Harsh Shah 
Merisis Advisors: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. I will join back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kishore Kumar from Unifi 
Capital. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
Sir, my question is on the Oman project that we won in the last quarter. 
So, since it is a build-operate-transfer project and we are executing in 
a JV, what is the upfront CAPEX that we need to incur, and is there any 
grant that will be coming from the customers which can actually ease 
out the CAPEX requirement? 
Management: 
 The Petroleum Development Oman project is being executed through 
our joint-venture company in Oman, which is Ion Exchange & Co. LLC 

 
Page 6 of 19 
,  Oman. The CAPEX is around USD 40 million over the next two years, 
and we’ll be funding it with a mix of debt and equity. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
And what is our contribution to the debt, sir, in this actually out of the 
US$ 40 million, and what would be the partners contribution? 
Management: 
 As  mentioned earlier, the project will be funded by a mix of debt and 
equity. Our equity contribution will come from internal accruals, and the 
balance will be shared by both partners, keeping in mind that IE & Co. 
LLC , Oman is a joint venture  company where we hold a 51% share. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
Okay. And my second question is on the Roha plant. Now, we have 
commissioned it fully. Are we in line with our previous guidance to 
achieve the 25%-30% of capacity utilization and how are we proceeding 
on the customer acquisition front as well? 
Management: 
Our guidance has been in the past that we will work towards 25% 
capacity utilization of the Roha plant in the first full year of operation. 
We continue to remain in line with those expectations While there are 
near term headwinds related to the West Asia crisis — notably higher 
costs for certain critical raw materials such as styrene and oleum — we 
believe these risks will be mitigated over time. We should be able to 
meet our earlier guidance from a plant capacity utilization standpoint for 
this financial year. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
And just a follow-up on this, sir. Since the input cost prices have gone 
up materially, do you think that PBT break-even is possible this year or 
it will actually differ by one or two quarters? 
Management: 
We are trying our best to see that we can get there. As you all know, 
the West Asia crisis continues to be, very dynamic, but as we are just 
in the first couple of months of this new financial year, we are still 
endeavoring our best to see that we can achieve that objective. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, I have a question on the engineering segment as 
well. How is the legacy project execution been going on? We actually 
guided that it will spill into FY27 as well. How are we positioned there? 
Do you think there will be margin drag because of this in FY27 as well? 
Management : 
As we have given in the earlier guidance and updates, the project 
continues to move at the expected pace. A significant part of the project 

 
Page 7 of 19 
execution has already been done. However, as we have said earlier, 
the balance of the project will be executed in this financial year. We 
continue to work on the site and with the customer in line with the earlier 
given timelines. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
And any comments on the margins for the engineering segment? 
Management: 
 On engineering margins, we faced headwinds due to deferral of certain 
export shipments—approximately Rs. 60 crore—related to the West 
Asia crisis; several consignments bound for GCC markets were 
postponed. Consequently, the share of higher cost domestic shipments 
increased in the final quarter, reducing engineering segment margins 
relative to the global revenue mix. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nirmam with Unique PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirmam 
Unique PMS: 
My first is on the EPC business. So, you mentioned that we have some 
slowdown because of some GCC delivery deferrals. But apart from 
there, are there any challenges because of which we are seeing some 
issue on the growth side of things? 
Management: 
No, I think predominantly those were the two headwinds I talked about. 
Apart from that, our order intake has been quite healthy; in fact, it has 
been 40% more than the last full financial year, and we expect a 
majority of those projects to get executed in this financial year and the 
next. So, apart from those two headwinds, which we called out, we do 
not anticipate any other major challenges in the engineering segment. 
We continue to focus on expanding our order book with large, profitable 
engineering contracts, particularly in international markets. 
Nirmam 
Unique PMS: 
Okay, sir. And my second question, sir, is on the chemicals business. 
So, we have seen some impact on profitability. And again, you 
mentioned one was the input price pressure and the second was the 
Roha. So, if you could comment on the profitability ex of Roha interest 
and depreciation, so, how are we seeing the outlook there, and if we 
can maintain our historic level, it will be better? 
Management: 
 As noted, the segment faced three primary headwinds: higher interest 
and depreciation charges at Roha, rising input costs across the 
segment, and Q4 revenue disruption from the West Asia crisis. We 

 
Page 8 of 19 
expect a portion of the lost Q4 revenue to be recovered during the 
current financial year. We continue to monitor the increase in input 
costs and are working to pass these increases on to customers as soon 
as possible. Approximately one-quarter of the segment's overall impact 
is attributable to factors outside Roha. 
Nirmam 
Unique PMS: 
Okay, sir. And this last is question on the legacy project. So, that 
completes by second or third quarter of this year? 
Management: 
We should be able to close it in this financial year. The guidance we 
can offer is that just to close out in this financial year. 
Nirmam 
Unique PMS: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tejas with InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead.  
Tejas 
InCred Equities: 
So, I wanted to get some clarity on the margin in the chemical segment. 
So, like you said that 25% of the that has been there, that is due to 
Roha expansion. But apart from that, can you clarify what is the 
bifurcation between the Middle East logistics issue or due to the price 
increases? 
Management: 
See, I think I will clarify. I said that out of the 4% drop in the segment, 
three-fourth of that is because of the Roha expenses. Only one-fourth 
of that was because of the Middle East crisis the input cost increases 
and some revenue specifically for our resins business was deferred out 
because of logistics challenges. We expect that to come back in this 
financial year. 
Tejas 
InCred Equities: 
So, I mean, out of the 10% margin decrease that has happened in like 
the chemical segment, the margins have gotten from 25% to 15, right? 
So, out of 10%, 7.5% is due to the Roha expense? 
Management:  
The Roha impact will be just under 7% for the quarter and what Mr. 
Indraneel was explaining was the overall impact for the full year. 
Tejas 
InCred Equities: 
Okay. But still, 7.5% is a very high number. Did we not capitalize that 
cost which was done for the business? I think the routine expense that 
can impact margins so severely. 

 
Page 9 of 19 
Management: 
No, the entire utility building and the associated infrastructure were 
capitalized in the month of September'25, while the manufacturing lines 
got progressively capitalized during the year, with a major capitalization 
taking place in March of '26. That is why there is a big delta in the bottom 
line for the Roha. 
Tejas 
InCred Equities:        Yes, but if we capitalize it, then there should not have been any impact 
on the EBITDA side, right, or is this just that there is no change in the 
EBITDA, is mainly the EBIT that we have been suffering? 
Management: 
That is what I am saying. I am talking of the segment margin which is 
basically the EBIT margin. So, for the quarter, it was just under 7% and 
for the full year, it was around 3%. 
Tejas 
InCred Equities: 
Okay, sure. And coming on to the next question, in the engineering 
segment also, we suffered a lot of margin contraction. So, is almost all 
of that has contributed due to the Middle East operations only? 
Management: 
 Yes — several factors, previously noted, affected the engineering 
segment. Beyond the Middle East crisis and the deferral of certain 
export shipments, we are still experiencing impacts from a continuing 
legacy project that is expected to persist into part of this year. In short, 
a combination of these factors has reduced the engineering segment’s 
profitability. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Deepak with Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, I just want to double click on 
this Roha resin plant. So, have you fully commissioned the 42,600 cubic 
meter capacity along with full backward integration? 
Management: 
 We have commissioned the plant, backward integration is underway, 
but that does not affect the production of the plant, it will help us improve 
our profitability. Otherwise, the plant is fully commissioned. As we have 
said in the past, a significant part of production will be used for exports 
in the global market, specifically in the US in the drinking water segment 
for which a particular certification from the Water Quality Association of 
the USA is required. That has been obtained and hence we expect the 
revenue from the Roha plant to start picking up from this financial year 
onwards. 

 
Page 10 of 19 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Okay. And sir, you have spoken about some strategic contracts 
which you have won with some key customer in chemicals division. I 
just wanted to clarify, was it related to Roha plant or was it related to 
the overall chemical segment, because why I ask that question is 
because majority of your capacity addition is coming through that Roha 
plant so, hence I am asking that question? 
Management: 
So, that particular comment was linked to our other portfolio product 
lines and offerings in the chemicals segment which is into water 
treatment specialty chemicals. So, in that segment, we have made that 
particular remark. , As we have said in the past, this capacity addition 
in Roha is essentially for the exports market which is where our teams 
are working with our global customers to get more of their volume and 
we are confident in doing that as we go forward. 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Okay. You have highlighted about the RM inflation and logistic 
disruption also. With this backdrop, what is our sales and margin 
outlook for '27 in both the chemicals and engineering division? And how 
much CAPEX are we planning to spend in FY27? And by the end of 
FY27, what would be our gross debt position? 
Management: 
 At this point, we cannot provide specific guidance. Consistent with our 
traditional practice, we expect to offer guidance in the second half of 
the financial year — it is simply too early to answer these questions 
now. Furthermore, given the West Asia crisis and fast-changing 
dynamics, we prefer to defer this question. We will be in a position to 
provide more clarity in the second half of the year. Directionaly , sales 
and margin outlook for FY 27 should continue to improve over the next 
few months and we continue to monitor the implications of  the Global 
economic and geo political crisis 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Okay. What kind of CAPEX are we planning to do in FY27, and 
since you highlighted that we will be spending some more on that Oman 
project also, so just on CAPEX number and gross debt position, let us 
say, by the end of FY27, if Vasant sir could answer, that would be very 
helpful. 
Management: 
At this juncture, the CAPEX what we have envisaged is more into the 
maintenance and routine CAPEX, which is in the region of around 
Rs.30 to 40 crores. As Mr. Indraneel mentioned, as we move forward 

 
Page 11 of 19 
during the year, we will share with you any new major CAPEX which 
we have in mind, but that will be later during the quarters. And in terms 
of the gross debt, presently it is in the region of Rs.384 crores. At the 
moment, we are not envisaging any major CAPEX unless we go for any 
plant expansion, which we will inform in due course as and when the 
plans get crystallized. 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Harsh Shah with Merisis Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah 
Merisis Advisors: 
Just to carry forward from the previous participant, sir, so you told that 
the maintenance and routine CAPEX for FY27 will be Rs.30-40 crores 
and gross debt will be around Rs.384 crores. So, what are our current 
capacities, which will get completed any across different products, if you 
can give a brief idea about it, that would be helpful? 
Management: 
So, as we said that our current objective is to utilize the Roha CAPEX 
and the Roha capacity that we have set up. We are mindful of the return 
on capital employed for the Roha project. And that is what the focus of 
the company is on. As we work on growing the revenues from the Roha 
segment, we continue to evaluate other CAPEX opportunities for further 
expansion. However, we will come back with that information at an 
appropriate time. For now, our focus is to see how we can improve the 
return on the capital deployed in Roha. 
Harsh Shah 
Merisis Advisors: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Company: Namaskar sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly, on the UP Jal 
Jeevan Mission Project, what percentage of the same has been 
executed? And if you could just explain to us how the receivable 
movement being from March ending to till date? 
Management: 
I think we heard the question. So, I would say about 30% of the scope 
is still pending to be executed. The pace of execution remains slow. We 
continue to execute those projects to the extent of collections received 
so that we can manage our working capital. 

 
Page 12 of 19 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Company: Yes, sir. So how have been the receivable movements at the closing 
balance for March and the closing balance today we have received out 
of the outstanding we had from this project? 
Management: 
We do not typically share any specific such details, sir, but what we can 
say is post the announcement from the government on the continuation 
of the Jal Jeevan Mission Scheme, we have seen some start of funds 
flowing. So, we are hopeful that more funds will start flowing in, and as 
we see more funds coming in, we will also increase the pace of  balance 
execution. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Company: And secondly, on the consumer products division, I think so our 
revenues have gone up for this financial year. So, if you could just share 
the strategy or the outlook for the segment, and when can we expect 
this to start contributing profitability to the company? 
Management: 
 We remain consistent with our earlier guidance on the consumer 
products division. As we’ve said in previous calls, we continue to invest 
for growth in this segment, and our efforts are showing results: the 
division has grown 34% year-on-year. Comparing this year’s financials 
to last year, losses in the segment have decreased. The outlook 
remains positive. We expect to grow further on a similar trajectory, 
though perhaps at a slightly lower rate given the higher base this 
financial year. We also expect better bottom-line performance, with the 
aim of at least breaking even or achieving a modest, low single-digit 
profit in this business line. All efforts are focused on driving additional 
top-line growth while improving operational profitability and overall 
performance of the division. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Company: You are not able to give us a guidance in terms of margin definitely, but 
for the core segment of chemicals, how is the operating environment 
currently, and how is our utilization level for the current ensuing quarter 
wherein we are two-thirds into it today, so if you could just give us some 
understanding on the business operating environment on the chemicals 
segment? 
Management: 
So again, as in the past, we have said the chemicals segment continues 
to be extremely dynamic.  As we have said earlier , a lot of parameters 
drive profitability, and we have to keep a very close watch on all these 
parameters to ensure sustained profitability performance. In the last 

 
Page 13 of 19 
quarter, because of the unexpected events leading to the West Asia 
crisis, we had a significant headwind on the raw material cost in this 
segment.. The teams are working with our customers to see how we 
can pass on some of the raw material input costs back to the customers 
through pricing changes, and we expect with some of those measures, 
the overall profitability will improve, at the same time, we are also de-
risking our supply chain by opening up manufacturing centers in other 
parts of the world close to our markets. We are happy to say that our 
manufacturing plant in Dammam, Saudi Arabia for the Middle East 
market has now started commercial production, and we hope to cater 
to more customers locally from that facility, and we continue to work on 
that strategy in other parts of the world as well. 
Management: 
The long-term outlook for the segment remains extremely positive for 
us, and that is the reason why we have invested so heavily into that 
segment. We do feel that we have not even scratched the surface when 
it comes to the international markets. While the West Asia crisis or 
otherwise some temporary headwinds do exist, but the long-term story 
remains as bright as it was, and I do not think that is something which 
we are worried about. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Company: To conclude, sir, worst in the margin trajectory is behind us as the 
March earnings we have reported for the segment or the headwinds 
which we faced are still negating our profitability for the ensuing quarter 
also, if you could just give us some thought process on the same? 
Management: 
I would say that we have been able to mitigate the headwinds we have 
received, and we expect to see the outcome coming forward. Having 
said that, as I have always said about this segment, the situation is very 
dynamic, and at this point in time, other than this, it will be difficult to 
comment any further. 
Saket Kapoor 
Kapoor & Company: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kishore Kumar with Unifi 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
Hello! Sir, my question is on the Roha facility. I think we started this 
investment back in 2021-22, and we implemented it over a period of 
two, three years now. So, when you are actually guiding for 25% of 

 
Page 14 of 19 
utilization in the coming years, what kind of customers are we actually 
targeting to get into? Do we already have some kind of off-take 
arrangement with them, because when we actually started the 
implementation, we would have already got in touch with those 
customers, are they new customers or existing customers, how do you 
see this actually trending out in the coming quarters? 
Management: 
The Roha facility was established primarily to serve our export markets. 
We decided to build a brand-new facility in addition to our existing 
Ankleshwar plant because we were receiving demand that exceeded 
our existing production capacity. 
Over the past two to three years, we have been in discussions with several large customers 
who are inclined to take significant volumes. This includes both existing 
customers who require larger volumes and new customers. Many of our 
existing customers, both in India and abroad, have been requesting 
more supply and higher volumes. 
We expect that the Roha plant will enable us to meet this demand, and we aim to progressively 
increase our share of business with these customers soon, leveraging 
the capability and capacity that Roha provides. 
However, it is important to note that many of these products are used in critical production 
processes at our customers' facilities. This requires an extended period 
of trials, validations, and certifications, which can only be initiated after 
the plant is fully commissioned. Therefore, there is an introduction cycle 
time that we must respect. 
Our teams are actively working with customers across various geographies to ensure we can 
cater to more of their demand from the Roha facility as soon as the 
qualification processes are complete. 
 
  
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
Are these customers are traders or end-users? 
Management: 
It is a combination of OEMs as well as end-users that we cater to. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unifi Capital: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is a book-keeping question. So, if I look 
at the other income for the last Q4, there is a significant increase in the 
numbers. Is there any one-off there or is it a FOREX gain that we are 
actually accounting it in the other income? 

 
Page 15 of 19 
Management : 
In the 4th Quarter, there is primarily two elements which has got 
included. One is the FOREX gain on exports which we have accounted 
in this quarter. And also we have claims in respect of a EPC contract , 
that also is forming part of the other income. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unify Capital: 
Can you quantify which are if actually possible? 
Management: 
May not be able to quantify, but we can say the major chunk is 
comprising of these two elements in the other income. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unify Capital: 
Okay. And also on the order value that we actually quoted in the 
presentation, it is not including the Oman project that we actually got in 
Q4, is it not? Any reason for excluding it, sir? 
Management: 
The order inflow and order backlog what we are disclosing is primarily 
for the standalone entity that is Ion Exchange. We do not include the 
subsidiary or any associate order flow or backlog in the numbers. 
Kishore Kumar 
Unify Capital: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Deepak with Sundaram 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Thank you for the follow-up. Sir, I just want to double check on 
the chemicals. So earlier you highlighted that due to some logistical 
issues, there was some delay in dispatches, hence chemicals revenue 
has seen a minor decline QoQ. Just wanted to know what was the 
revenue loss which happened in Q4 in chemicals division because of 
these issues? 
Management: 
We do not provide specific numbers on the revenue loss incurred due 
to the West Asia crisis. The crisis is ongoing, and we expect the impact 
to continue into this quarter until logistics and shipping lines resume 
normal  operations. So, we'll need to wait and see how the situation 
develops. We should be able to share more details by the end of the 
first quarter. 
 
 
Deepak 

 
Page 16 of 19 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Okay. And sir, one question I had on engineering. So, this new 
alliance or tech transfer of MANN+HUMMEL membrane, just wanted to 
understand, who are we competing here -- are we trying to dislodge any 
existing competitors through our connection and we will be supplying 
this to the clients or is it an entirely new product which is currently not 
being used in India and you are trying to push it forward because of 
some better technological advancement versus what is being currently 
used? And what can be the main primary application -- is it more 
towards power and steel or which kind of standard or substandard 
subsystems which these membranes will be going into? 
Management: 
These are not new products. These products have been present in the 
market. Membrane market is growing at the rate of 10%-plus globally, 
which is one of the fastest growing segments. We hope to assimilate 
this technology to strengthen the portfolio of our membranes 
manufactured by us. In the membrane space, we compete with the 
global technology leaders like DuPont, Hydronautics, Toray, Veolia. 
These are all global players. We compete against them and we will 
compete against them in India as well as in all other global markets. 
The applications for these membranes are many. They are required for 
recycling, reuse, wastewater treatment, STPs (sewage treatment 
plants), and brackish water treatment. So, there are many applications 
for these membranes across the entire range of reverse osmosis, ultra-
filtration, 
nano-filtration 
We 
are 
confident 
to 
leverage 
the 
MANN+HUMMEL partnership and the new technology absorption to be 
able to cater to the global market both with the existing and the new 
customers. 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Since you have highlighted about some of the competitors, what 
is our pitch here, is it that since we will be manufacturing in our existing 
facility, so we have certain cost advantage? 
Management: 
 Yes, as I mentioned, all the companies you heard about are either US, 
European, or Japanese. We are one of the very few companies—aside 
from the Chinese—that manufacture these products. This alliance gives 
us access to advanced technology and cost efficiency, while also 
reinforcing the government's "Make in India" vision. It represents our 
commitment to an Indian mission with a global outlook. As a result, we 
expect significant growth not only in domestic markets but also 
internationally. 

 
Page 17 of 19 
Deepak 
Sundaram Mutual Fund: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, on the engineering front, since you mentioned 
about that large contract win, are we expecting any revenue flow 
through in FY27 from that project since it is a longer project I understand 
that? 
Management: 
Yes, we are expecting some revenue from that project. If you 
remember, this is actually a BOOT concession contract we have 
received. So, the revenues will come in terms of O&M revenue. A part 
of that revenue will start coming in slowly from this financial year. 
However, I would like to remind you that this revenue will come into our 
joint venture company, Oman, and will be recognized as part of our 
consolidated revenue earnings. So, you will see at the end of this 
financial year that there will be a delta growth in our revenues in the 
Oman joint venture. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dheeraj with 
InCred Equities. Please go ahead. 
Dheeraj 
InCred Equities: 
Hello, sir. I want to again get back on the engineering segment. So, I 
think most of the issue with the margin compression in this segment 
was due to the Middle East operations. Is that correct? 
Management: 
No, what we said is we had a headwind or a challenge in the last quarter 
because of the West Asia crisis. The other challenges were because of 
the continuing legacy project and the slow progress of the UP project. 
To be aligned  
Dheeraj 
InCred Equities: 
Okay. I think UP was around Rs.300 crores of project remaining. How 
much have we executed in this quarter? 
Management: 
Quarter-specific numbers we will only be able to share at the end of this 
particular quarter. As I said, the project execution pace is dependent on 
the inflows that we receive from the government. Those inflows have 
started showing a positive trend, especially after the last budget where 
the government reaffirmed its commitment to the scheme and extended 
the scheme for the next four years. Since then, we are seeing the fund 
flow slowly improving and we hope that continues and then we will also 
be able to speed up the execution of the balance part of the project. 
But, that will not get over in this financial year, it will at least take the 

 
Page 18 of 19 
next financial year to complete the project and more so the government 
has extended the project. 
Dheeraj 
InCred Equities: 
But were we not expecting this legacy project to get over before the UP 
elections? 
Management: 
That was the original plan, but as we have all seen, the fund flow to the 
project was stopped, and the fund flow has only started from the March 
after the reaffirmation of funds to the project by the Union Government 
in the last budget. 
Dheeraj 
InCred Equities: 
Okay. And can you just give me a bifurcation like how much of the 
engineering segment revenue was of this legacy Middle East and these 
projects, like was it 30%, 40%, 50% so like the severity, can you give 
that number if possible? 
Management: 
What exact bifurcation you are asking? 
Dheeraj 
InCred Equities: 
The percentage of projects in the engineering segment that were 
related to your legacy projects or your Middle East projects that had an 
impact on the margins? 
Management: 
The impact of the West Asia crisis on the engineering projects was 
Rs.60 crores. And the others are in continuation with the same ratio as 
we had in the last few quarters, both of the legacy project as well as the 
UP project. That pace has remained consistent over the last couple of 
years. 
Dheeraj 
InCred Equities: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing remarks. 
Thank you and over to you team. 
Management: 
Thank you all for participating in this earning conference call. I hope you 
have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any 
further questions or would like to know more about the company, please 
reach out to our investor relations managers at Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and have a good day. 

 
Page 19 of 19 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ion Exchange 
(India) Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
