SURYA ROSHNI LIMITED 
An IS/ISO 9001, An IS/ISO 14001 
& !S: 18001 Company 
CIN -L31501HR1973PLC007543 
Padma Tower-I, Rajendra Place, New Delhi-110 008 
Ph.: +91-11-47108000 E-mail: cs@surya.in 
Website : www.surya.co.in 
SRL/26-27 /10 
June 02, 2026 
The Secretary 
The Stock Exchange, Mumbai 
New Trading Ring, 14th Floor, 
Rotunda Building, P.J.Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500336 
The Manager (Listing Department) 
The National stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: SURY AROSNI 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call (Group Meet) for the Quarter and year ended 31st 
March, 2026. 
Dear Sir, 
This is with reference to the Company intimation dated 18th May, 2026 filed with the stock 
exchanges in terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 regarding the earning conference call (Group meet) to 
discuss the Audited financial results and operational performance for the quarter and year 
ended 3pt March, 2026 scheduled for Monday, 25th May, 2026 at 4:00 P.M (1ST). 
Further to the audio recording filed with the stock exchanges already on 25th May 2026, we are 
enclosing the Transcript of the said Earnings Call (Group Meet). 
The same is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.surya.co.in under 
Financials in the Investor section. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For Surya Roshni Limited 
BBSINGAL 
CFO & COMPANY SECRETARY 
Enclosed: as above. 
• 
Regd. Office : Prakash Nagar, Sankhol, Bahadurgarh, Haryana - 124507 
BHARAT 
BHUSHA
N SINGAL
Digitally signed by 
BHARAT 
BHUSHAN SINGAL 
Date: 2026.06.02 
10:59:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Surya Roshni Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 25, 2026 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 25th May 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJU BISTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. B. B SINGHAL – CFO AND CS 
MR. GAURAV JAIN – CEO, STEEL DIVISION 
MR. VASUMITRA PANDEY – CEO, LIGHTING DIVISION 
MR. NARESH SINGHAL – ED, STEEL OPERATIONS 
 
 
 
 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Surya Roshni Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. This conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements about the 
company which are based on beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of 
this call. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Bista, Managing Director. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Raju Bista:  
Thank you very much and once again, good evening, everyone. On behalf of Surya Roshni 
Limited, I once again extend a very warm welcome to everyone for joining us today evening. 
On this call, we are joined by Mr. B.B. Singal, CFO and Company Secretary; Mr. Gaurav Jain, 
CEO, Steel Division; and Vasumitra Pandey, CEO, Lighting & Consumer Durables. Mr. Naresh 
Singhal has also joined us, Executive Director, Steel; and SGA, our Investor Relations Advisor. 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the financial results. 
Moving on to the overall financial performance highlights. In Q4 FY26, our consolidated 
revenue stood at ₹2,163 crores, remaining broadly stable year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter 
stood at ₹170 crores with margins of 7.9%, reflecting sequential improvement driven by better 
realization and improved product mix. PAT for the quarter stood at ₹98 crores.  
For the full year FY26, consolidated revenue stood at ₹7,540 crores as compared to ₹7,436 crores 
in FY25, reflecting stable growth in a challenging operating environment. EBITDA for the year 
stood at ₹541 crores and PAT at ₹286 crores. 
We remain a zero-debt company with a net cash surplus of ₹337 crores as of March 31, '26.  
We have declared a final dividend of ₹2.50 per share, demonstrating our ongoing commitment 
to delivering shareholder value. This is in addition to the interim dividend of ₹2.50 per share 
already distributed and disbursed. So, a total of ₹5.00 dividend for the full year of FY26. 
Coming to the Lighting & Consumer Durables. The Lighting & Consumer Durables segment 
delivered growth during Q4 FY26 with a revenue of ₹501 crores. I am particularly pleased to 
highlight that March 2026 was our ever-highest monthly sales month across every business 
category in this segment, a milestone that reflects the enduring strength of the Surya brand and 
depth of our distribution network.  
EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹44 crores with margins of 8.8%, broadly stable despite some 
input cost pressure.  
For FY26 as a whole, segment revenue grew by 7% year-on-year to ₹1,809 crores, while 
EBITDA at ₹156 crores.  

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
The Professional Lighting business achieved double-digit revenue growth at ₹473 crores for the 
full year, being a 26% share in the total revenue of the Lighting segment and ended Q4 FY26 
with an order book of ₹160 crores, providing healthy near-term execution visibility. 
In Wire and Cable, the business closed at ₹38 crores in FY26. We are now fully end-to-end 
manufacturer in this category with our 180-meter reel packs in the market and our DBT-enabled 
electrician loyalty program fully operational. Our FY27 revenue target for the Wire and Cable 
business is ₹260 crores, firmly on track with the three-year guidance of ₹500 crores to ₹600 
crores business.  
Overall, we are targeting value growth of 22% to 25% annually in Lighting and Consumer 
Durables segment overall -- over the medium term, supported by deeper distribution penetration, 
premiumization and continued investment in brand building. 
Coming to the Steel Pipe and Strip segment. The Steel Pipe and Strip segment delivered a 
resilient sequential performance during Q4 FY26 despite continued geopolitical disruptions and 
volatility across markets. Revenue for the quarter stood at ₹1,662 crores, even as year-on-year 
performance was impacted by elevated steel price volatility and the complete absence of exports 
on account of the Middle East current crisis.  
Volume for the quarter stood at 2.6 lakh tons, the ever-highest quarter volume for the business 
so far. EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹126 crores with EBITDA per ton to ₹5,121 per ton. 
For the full year FY26 for the Steel business, the business reported revenue of ₹5,731 crores, 
reflecting stable year-on-year performance. Overall volume stood at 9.04 lakh tons, a growth of 
3% year-on-year on volume terms. The capacity utilization of 78% to 80% was maintained 
throughout the year, even in a challenging operating environment. And most importantly, the 
value-added products contributed 43% of overall volume during the year FY26.  
On exports, our business expanded its footprint into newer geographies during the year, 
including the UK market for the section pipe, while strengthening order visibility across North 
America and Europe. Exports stood at 1.36 lakh tons for FY26, and we are targeting to cross 2.5 
lakh tons in the coming year. 
The current order book of the Steel Division is about ₹1,000 crores plus, led by exports, spiral, 
and some domestic API orders, providing strong visibility for H1 FY27, which is expected to be 
the highest-ever half year for value-added product sales.  
Looking ahead to FY27, we are targeting overall volume of 11 lakh tons, representing growth 
of nearly 21% to 22% over FY26, supported by improving utilization levels, phased 
commissioning of new capacities and strong contribution from value-added products.  
We remain confident that the current global supply chain realignment presents a structural long-
term opportunity for efficient Indian manufacturers with integrated capabilities. Surya Roshni is 
exceptionally well-positioned to capture that upside.  
Now, I would like to request Mr. B.B. Singal, our CFO, to share his viewpoints. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
B.B. Singal:  
Thank you, respected MD sir, and a very good afternoon to all the participants on the call. For 
the quarter, the revenue was ₹2,163 crores as compared to ₹2,146 crores, a growth of 1% year-
on-year basis. EBITDA and PAT stood at ₹170 crores and ₹98 crores, respectively, as compared 
to ₹211 crores and ₹130 crores, respectively.  
For FY26, the revenue was ₹7,540 crores as compared to ₹7,436 crores, a growth of 1% Y-on-
Y basis. EBITDA and PAT stood at ₹541 crores and ₹286 crores as compared to ₹609 crores 
and ₹347 crores, respectively. 
 
In Lighting and Consumer Durables, for the quarter, the revenue stood at ₹501 crores as 
against ₹458 crores, a growth of 9% Y-on-Y basis. EBITDA and PBT stood at ₹44 crores and 
₹33 crores as compared to ₹47 crores and ₹37 crores, respectively.  For FY26, the revenue stood 
at ₹1,809 crores as against ₹1,690 crores, a growth of 7% Y-on-Y basis. EBITDA and PBT stood 
at ₹156 crores and ₹115 crores in FY26 as compared to ₹162 crores and ₹125 crores respectively 
in the same period last year. 
 
In the Steel Pipes and Strips, during Q4 FY26, the revenue was ₹1,662 crores as compared to 
₹1,688 crores. Similarly, EBITDA per metric ton stood at ₹5,121 compared to ₹6,708 in the 
same period last year. EBITDA and PBT stood at ₹126 crores and ₹98 crores as against ₹164 
crores and ₹138 crores, respectively. For FY26, the revenue was ₹5,731 crores as compared to 
₹5,749 crores. Similarly, EBITDA per metric ton stood at ₹4,553 compared to ₹5,392. EBITDA 
and PBT stood at ₹385 crores and ₹269 crores in FY26 as against ₹446 crores and ₹341 crores 
respectively in the same period last year. 
 
Improved capacity utilization, working capital optimization, and cost rationalization enabled us 
to become a zero-debt company and having cash surplus funds of ₹337 crores in FY26. In Q4 
FY26, our net working capital cycle was 58 days with a return on capital employed, ROCE of 
20.76% and a return on equity, ROE of 15.23%. And on a yearly basis, the net working capital 
cycle was 66 days with a return on capital employed, ROCE of 15.93% and a return on equity 
of 11.21%. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and we can now open the floor for further questions and 
answers. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Aditya Pal from MSA Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Pal:  
Hello, am I audible? 
Moderator:  
Yes, sir. 
Aditya Pal:  
Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, what happened this quarter? We said our FY26 
performance would be good. Last quarter also we said that Q4 would be very strong for us. We 
will be doing close to ₹5,500 to ₹6,000 EBITDA per ton in our Steel business. And even when 
I look at volumes, volume has only grown by 1% to 2%. But then it cannot be the market as 
well, because all our competitors have actually given a very strong Q4. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
It is not even that when we see the difference, it is not like 2% to 3%, there is a vast difference. 
And I have been asking this question again and again, is there something on the ground where 
you are seeing a difference in what the competitors are doing that they are able to grow and we 
are not able to? Sir, if you can just talk about this, I have another question I will ask after this. 
Raju Bista:  
Yes, Mr. Pal, thank you very much. Look, mainly whatever targets we had set, but as you all 
know, the Middle East crisis that occurred in late February caused our exports to immediately 
become almost nil. So on the export account, our supply decreased by about 12,000 tons of 
material that was ready. This was a major setback.  
Secondly, overall, as soon as this Middle East crisis happened, there was a raw material crisis in 
India, which led to a bit of a shortage. Otherwise, if you look at the EBITDA for the whole year 
for the Steel Division. Our first quarter of FY26 had a setback because of SAP implementation. 
If we consider that, otherwise throughout the year, we have maintained our EBITDA, 
profitability and volume. 
 
I can assure you that for FY27, whatever the situation with the Middle East crisis, considering 
all that, it will be the best year in history for Surya Roshni. Almost two months have already 
passed, and we are growing with extraordinary volume and very good profitability numbers will 
be visible in the coming time. 
But in this, we are moving forward considering what the Middle East crisis could be and to what 
extent. So, you can assume that this year will see bumper growth on the volume front and an 
improvement on the EBITDA front as well. 
Aditya Pal:  
Sir, I agree. But you said the same thing two quarters ago and we assumed that what Raju ji is 
saying must be correct. But you said 12,000 tons were missed because of the Strait of Hormuz 
crisis. Will we book these 12,000 tons in Q1? 
Raju Bista:  
Yes, I will tell you one more thing. In the meantime, a good thing happened for us. The US 
market opened up for us. Already 65,000 tons of material is booked, and from this month, 10,000 
tons per month is already added. So, you must have heard one thing in my commentary, last year 
where our exports were about 1.4 lakh tons, we will be exporting more than 2.5 lakh tons this 
year, almost double the growth in volume.  
And this North America order book we have is about ₹1,000 crores, including some spiral. These 
are all value-added products. Already we are doing 43% of total volume in value-added. 
Otherwise, with this volume, it would be very difficult for any company to sustain. And in this, 
the entire segment that we are exporting, we will have an EBITDA of about ₹9,000 to ₹10,000 
per ton. Because of this, your overall EBITDA per ton will also improve, and the quantity of 
value-added products will increase, leading to overall company growth. But this time, we are 
moving forward considering all these things, otherwise you will say Raju ji said it again and it 
didn't happen. In the whole year, we expect revenue of about ₹7,200 crores in the Steel Division. 
And where we did 9 lakh tons this year (FY26), we are targeting a very reasonable volume 
growth of about 11 lakh tons from the Pipe segment. And where our EBITDA was ₹385 crores 
this year (FY26), we will do ₹470 crores to ₹480 crores this year (FY27), and it can even cross 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
₹500 crores. So, rest assured, the numbers we have stated -- unless something sudden happens 
for which we cannot take a guarantee, but despite all issues and pressures, we have tried to 
perform well. 
Aditya Pal: 
Okay, Raju ji. My last question is about the new demand we are seeing. Demand is coming in 
India because of the city gas distribution pipeline expansion. Growth is also coming from the 
USA, as you highlighted. Are you seeing growth from the Middle East as well because there is 
talk of increasing pipelines there too? So, can you talk about the overall demand and, more 
importantly, how we will capture that demand? 
Raju Bista: 
Look, in India, you are right that whether it is the Har Ghar Jal scheme or city gas distribution, 
overall demand is increasing. But somehow, throughout FY26 and those numbers were visible 
in FY25 as well. In FY26 where the government budget for the Jal distribution program is there, 
Amrut, Har Ghar Jal program, Jal Jeevan Mission program is there and the government budget 
was about ₹55,000 crores, but the government distributed money was only ₹3,000 crores.  
Because of this, there was an impact throughout the year, particularly for companies like ours. I 
am not in a position to say much now; demand is there, but at the same time, government 
spending must increase in India. As for the Middle East, we are maintaining our volume 
somehow so far, and because of the USA, a substantial improvement will be seen in the export 
business. 
Aditya Pal: 
Okay, sir. Wishing you all the very best. We will talk again in quee. 
Raju Bista: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Love Gupta from Countercyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Love Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, I wanted to understand if there is any update on the 
demerger of the Lighting and Consumer Durable business and what is the expected timeline or 
any progress on that front? 
Raju Bista: 
No, I think once this crisis ends, hopefully by the next board meeting, we will be in a position 
to talk to the board and tell the shareholders. But overall, the external environment is not that 
friendly. So, our discussion on this subject happens every time. I think both businesses are doing 
well in their places lighting as well as steel and the company is cash surplus with no debt.  
Despite fluctuations in the business, our position has been very good for the last 5 years, 7 years. 
We have also maintained that there should be quality business, it should be export-oriented, 
value-added and high margin. So, if you compare the EBITDA percentage with peers – despite 
being in the steel pipe business, it is very good.  
I often say our relationship with the bank has ended; now our relationship is only with the 
shareholders. So even now, we ensure that apart from the corporate actions, one-third of the total 
profitability goes to the shareholders as dividends, one-third goes into business growth and the 
remaining one-third goes into our capex. So, one-third capex, one-third working capital & 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
growth, and one-third to shareholders and we have been maintaining this for the last 2 years, 3 
years. 
Love Gupta: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is that we currently have ₹340 crores net cash surplus and 
our stock valuations are also quite reasonable now. So, is there any plan for a buyback? Is there 
any possibility of a buyback? 
Raju Bista: 
No, we had thought about it earlier, but the government regulations were not favourable. We 
have started considering it again; it has been reintroduced. So, we will come to you very soon. 
Love Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Enigma Investment Partners 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hi, sir. Sir, the volume target you mentioned after Q3 in the February call, we were not able to 
achieve that also. This is the third quarter in a row where some issues crop up. So first of all, it 
is a little disappointing that what we say is not continuously happening. I understand it might 
not happen for one quarter, but it's not happening every quarter, which is a matter of concern as 
a shareholder. This is just feedback to you.  
Sir, second, you said we will do 11 lakh tons. So, I have two questions there. One, if you are 
getting 1.10 lakh tons of incremental growth from exports, are we expecting only 70,000 to 
80,000 tons incremental from the domestic market? Isn't this a very low aspiration as far as 
growth in the domestic market is concerned? 
Raju Bista: 
Viraj bhai, first, last time we talked about doing around 2.9 lakh tons, but it was 2.6 lakh tons in 
Q4. Mainly 10,000 to 12,000 tons of exports didn't happen and there was an issue with steel 
availability in the domestic market for that quantity. That's why we couldn't do the volume. But 
we are making up for it in this quarter (Q1FY27). Our Q1 will have the highest-ever volume, 
around 2.65 lakh tons in Q1 itself and we will grow by about 27% to 28%. Secondly, what were 
you asking? There was some disturbance on the line. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, I was asking that if you are talking about going from 9.2 lakh tons to 11 lakh tons this year, 
while your incremental growth from exports alone is 1.1 lakh tons, are you expecting only 
70,000 tons incremental from the domestic market? Isn't this a very low ambition for growth? 
Raju Bista: 
Viraj bhai, if I say 12 lakhs, then you will ask why I said 12 when it was 11.25. So, it's better if 
I say less and do more. I have learned this much in these last three quarters. The second issue, 
Viraj bhai, is the government spending, mainly in oil and gas. We are assuming that spending 
will remain a bit low this year as well, because of the pressure built up on gas and fuel and the 
overall environment. The government might delay or hold some projects. Considering all these 
things, we are keeping our volume and targets minimum, on the lower side. But rest assured, we 
will try as you said, if exports are increasing by 1.25 lakh tons, then according to you, the total 
volume for FY27 should be 13 to 13.5 lakh tons. But we will still try. 11 lakh tons is on the 
minimum side. We might do better than this, because we are achieving 2.60 lakh to 2.65 lakh 
tons in Q1 itself. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay, sir. And sir, you said we will do ₹475 crores to ₹500 crores EBITDA this year in the Steel 
Division. But sir, if I calculate on 11 lakh tons, at ₹500 crores, our EBITDA per ton comes to 
₹4,600 or ₹4,700. And that is in spite of higher exports, which is a higher-margin business, and 
API, which is a higher-margin business. So how is this happening?  
Raju Bista: 
We are assuming there will be some pressure in oil and gas. The oil and gas segment is a very 
substantially high-margin business domestically. So, we are assuming there will be some 
pressure there. That's why we expect the EBITDA per ton to be around ₹4,700 for the whole 
year. That's why we will do around 480 to 470 crore in the Steel Division and around ₹200 crores 
EBITDA in the Lighting Division. So, combined, the EBITDA for the whole year will be ₹680 
crores to ₹700 crores. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, this is a substantial decrease in EBITDA per ton because this year also for the full year we 
have done higher than that. In fact, in Q4 we did 5,100. So, you are saying EBITDA per ton will 
fall significantly from there? But no other steel or pipe producer is talking like this. Your 
commentary is different in that way. Whether you talk to Hariom or APL Apollo, no one is 
talking about EBITDA per ton falling by ₹400. 
Raju Bista: 
No, first of all, if you look at it in comparison to the full year, it's not less; it's somewhat more 
than the full-year, number one. Number two, look, input costs have increased everywhere. And 
the impact of gratuity and the new labour law is about ₹30 crores to ₹40 crores for every 
company, not just Surya Roshni. 
Fuel and power costs have increased, which also has an impact on every company. So, 
considering all these things, the numbers we told you are not based on some thumb-rule 
calculation; we have told you after considering all these things. On a lesser side, our minimum 
commitment is that we will do around ₹680 crores to ₹700 crores EBITDA for the full year. 
And if you look at the full year, there is some improvement. Don't compare Q4 and Q1. 
Generally, Q4 is the highest EBITDA quarter in both businesses for many reasons, maybe 
festivals or the closing year quarter. I just want to say, Viraj, that in the history of Surya Roshni, 
FY26 (to be read as FY27) will be the best year in our 50-year journey. 
Viraj Mehta: 
You mean FY27, right? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, FY27. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sir, last question. You said we will definitely do 2.65 lakh tons in Q1. So, even if I count ₹4,700 
to ₹4,800, we will do at least ₹125 crores EBITDA from Steel this quarter? 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, we will do ₹120 crores to ₹125 crores. And compared to last year, there will be almost 
100% growth. 
Viraj Mehta: 
But sir, last year our whole month was ruined because of SAP, so that's not a fair comparison in 
my opinion. 
Raju Bista: 
Okay, be happy with full year's numbers. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Viraj Mehta: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pratik Singhania from Sage One Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir, hi. Sir, if we look at our history of the last 5 years, our cumulative growth, I'm not talking 
about year-on-year, but cumulative growth, in our steel  
segment has been around 25% in 4 
years, which means about 6% to 6.5% volume growth every year. So, India is growing so well, 
all other competitor companies are growing so well. What is the problem with us that something 
or the other happens only to us, and we are able to grow at only 6% CAGR in the last 4 years? 
Raju Bista: 
No, what happened is, mainly during COVID and after that, for two years we didn't do any major 
capex. We have been doing it only for the last one and a half to two years. So that was one thing. 
And second, we didn't focus much on many of our non-profitable segments. Our focus was more 
on high-margin and more value-added products. 
So, we did all that. And the capex that has already been done or the ongoing capex in the pipeline 
this year, considering all that, we expect to see substantial volume growth from this year. 
Otherwise, you are right that compared to the double-digit growth of the industry, our growth 
has been less. But in the meantime, our initial strategy in these 5 years was also to make the 
company debt-free, which we successfully did. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir, but when you say we were focusing on high-value margin products, if I see the data in your 
presentation, and I see the division of API and Spiral pipes, and FY21 to FY26 data, we have 
done the weakest EBITDA per ton in FY26. We did 7,500 in FY21, then ₹9,000 per ton in FY22, 
₹12,000 in FY23, ₹10,500 in FY24, ₹9,300 in FY25, and now ₹5,600 in FY26. So, our value-
added segment, which ideally should grow EBITDA per ton, has been going down every year 
since FY23, and now it has come down a lot to ₹5,600? 
Raju Bista: 
No, you are right. If you see the EBITDA per ton of API Spiral in this quarter, it has become 
even less than GI pipes. 
Pratik Singhania: 
I am talking about yearly numbers. 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, I agree with you. Where it used to be almost double, it has remained half. One big reason 
is that this is a tendering business, which is not in our control. And competition has also increased 
in this in recent years. And on top of that, there is pressure from government spending in volume 
as well. Even though it has decreased substantially, we have been able to maintain it somehow 
because the contribution of value-added in volume has increased. And as I just mentioned, 
because of the America export market, a lot of improvement will be seen in the coming year. 
The loss from API will be compensated from there. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Where will the API loss be compensated from, sir? 
Raju Bista: 
From the exports I mentioned, North America, where we already have an order book of almost 
65,000 tons, and I think in a year, it will be around 1,20,000 tons. This is an altogether new 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
market for us that has opened from this year. And the EBITDA per ton in that is also above 
₹9,000 to around ₹10,000. 
Pratik Singhania: 
So domestically, out of our total volume sales, how much of our volume is dependent on 
government spending? Or how much of our business goes to the government or the company 
that has taken a contract from the government and is doing construction? How much of our 
volume goes into government-related spending? 
Raju Bista: 
Overall, in the total Steel Pipe segment, it is about 15% to 16%. 
Pratik Singhania: 
No, sir, I am talking about your company. 
Raju Bista: 
Yes, I am talking about our company. In our overall product segment, the contribution of 
government or API or tender business is around 15% to 16%. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir, if 15% to 16% is so low, then? 
Moderator: 
Pratik, Sorry to interfere. 
Pratik Singhania: 
No, I just have to conclude a point. Sir, if 15% to 16% is so low, then the reason you are giving 
again and again that government spending is low, because of which volume growth is low, that 
reason doesn't seem justified to me. I think you should have some acceptance as to why we are 
not able to grow so much while others are able to grow - in FY26 as well, and our guidance. If 
you have acceptance, you will be able to work accordingly in the future. This is my belief, sir. 
Raju Bista: 
No, I understood your point. What I was saying about government API spiral pipes having high 
margins, contributes 15% to 16%. Otherwise, if you add water pipes and spiral, it becomes 
around 28% to 30%. 
Pratik Singhania:  
Okay, sir. I'll come back in the queue, sir. 
Moderator:  
Next question is from the line of Kiran from TableTree Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kiran:  
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, two questions. First question, the opportunity we had with 
ONGC or other oil companies in terms of Seamless to ERW, right? It's supposed to be a large 
opportunity. We did 4,500 tons in Q3. There is just too much focus on oil and oil pipes and 
exploration because of higher oil prices.  
So, this Seamless to ERW, which was going to happen even without any new capex, which is a 
very large opportunity and there is just tremendous value for us, is there any traction happening? 
In FY27, will we be able to gain substantial volumes? Is that low pricing or high pricing? It 
would be good if you could tell us about this in detail, sir. 
Raju Bista:  
This is a good opportunity, and regarding what you said about ONGC, basically compared to 
seamless, the welded pipe and in this, we have already supplied 5,000 tons. And to upgrade this, 
R&D is already going on for upgradeable 5CT. But its major impact will come in FY28. It's 
taking a little more time. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Kiran:  
Got it, sir. So, the 11 lakh tons doesn't include any volumes from this opportunity? 
Raju Bista:  
No, it hasn't been considered in this because the capex we have done will take almost 9-10 
months. So, its impact will come in FY28. 
Kiran:  
Okay, sir. Understood. Sir, the second question is from a growth perspective. If I see the 
EBITDA and I'm sure the feedback from all the other previous participants is also well taken - 
in terms of EBITDA, we have stagnated for 4 - 5 years now, sir, right?  
So, we did 440 crore in March '22, steel prices fell, they are rising, so we are now again at ₹535 
crores, ₹540 crores. So, we are saying we will jump from ₹540 crores to ₹700 crores in FY27. 
So, hope that happens, sir. How much confidence do you have that we will jump to ₹700 crores? 
What is the risk in this? That is question number one. 
Question number two, we are hearing that getting steel from steel companies these days has 
become very difficult across the industry because there is just too much steel demand or steel 
prices are very high and so on and so forth. So, because we are one of the largest buyers of HR 
coil, is there any impact on us in Q1, Q2 in terms of steel buying?  
So, these two questions, sir: one, EBITDA stagnation to ₹700 crores, what are the risks and how 
confident you are? Point number two, steel buying, is there any constraint in the market because 
multiple industrial companies are talking about this constraint that they are not getting steel as 
much as they require? 
Raju Bista:  
Look, two things. One, as far as risk is concerned, the numbers we have just told you are telling 
these numbers after considering all these risk factors. And this year, like FY27, the EBITDA of 
Steel and Lighting combined will be around ₹680 crores to ₹700 crores, which will be seen as a 
substantial improvement in the balance sheet. All risk factors that could be there are considered 
in this. If it goes beyond this, it will be a bonus, the chances of which are more likely.  
Number two, as far as the issue of steel availability was concerned, it had an impact for the last 
3-4 months, mainly because there was a substantial surge in steel after a long time, and because 
of that, demand had increased everywhere. And second, at the same time, because of this Middle 
East crisis, there was also an issue with gas availability. And many plants are gas based, so 
because of that, if some large plants face difficulty, so its impact is felt in the overall market.  
So now it is almost sorted out for the last month, and I don't think any crisis will come in the 
future; it was temporary. And second, overall, in India, the availability of steel HR coil is 
increasing every year; in fact, a lot of capex and a lot of investment is already happening in this, 
which is also in the pipeline, and every year some quantity by millions is also increasing. 
Kiran:  
Got it. Thank you so much. Join back in the queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Participants, please limit your question to only two questions per participant. Should 
you have a follow-up question, we request you to rejoin the queue. Next question is from the 
line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Co. Please go ahead. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Yes, Namaskar Raju ji. Is my voice reaching you? 
Raju Bista:  
It's reaching. 
Saket Kapoor:  
Yes sir, in the conversation going on now, if we want to understand in short, you have mentioned 
that for the current financial year, we expect a combined EBITDA of ₹680 crores to ₹700 crores, 
in which you are giving a volume trend of 11 lakhs for pipes, for our steel pipes. And in that too, 
you expect an EBITDA of ₹470 to ₹480 crores. Are these numbers correct, sir? 
Raju Bista:  
Right, right. Yes. 
Saket Kapoor:  
So, the remaining EBITDA number of ₹200 crores will come from our Lighting segment. 
Raju Bista:  
Let me tell you the projection for this year (FY27) once again. Overall, in Lighting and Steel, 
the revenue will be around ₹7,200 crores from the Steel Division and around ₹2,200 crores from 
the Lighting Division. So, the overall revenue will be ₹9,400 crores to ₹9,500 crores this year.  
And as a company as a whole, we will grow by about 24% to 25%. Similarly, in EBITDA, it 
will be around ₹480 crores in the Steel Division and around ₹200 crores in Lighting. So, this 
will be around ₹680 crores. In this also, there will be a growth of 25-26%. 
In this too, we have already considered some things because new labour law that has come, 
because of which there is an impact of ₹40 crores - ₹50 crores on every company. So, considering 
that, we are giving the numbers, otherwise, we could have done ₹750 crores as well. 
Saket Kapoor:  
And sir, regarding the EBITDA per ton, you gave two data points. The first data point you gave 
is that we have substantial orders for high-value products in which our per-ton EBITDA will be 
significantly higher. But overall, you are telling the per-ton EBITDA at ₹4,700 per ton. So, we 
are not able to understand these numbers, sir? 
I mean, in value-added, you shared some number of ₹9,000 something. So, if you can explain 
why this is lower, sir, if we see the number of the last quarter or the number of the last financial 
year, the EBITDA per ton for steel pipes in comparison is on the lower side. So, if you can tell 
the reason for this? 
Raju Bista:  
In this, look, mainly what is happening is that our export business is around 20%, in that we will 
see a substantial improvement in EBITDA. In the rest of the business, we assume that in a tough 
market, there will be a negative impact.  
So, considering both things, we assume ₹4,700 per ton EBITDA for the whole year. Because, I 
mean, FY27 will not that easy for any industry. The crisis that is there, the costs that have 
increased because of labor, fuel, electricity. We haven't talked about the Lighting Division yet. 
The impact in our input raw material imported is around 30% to 35%.  
It's good that somehow it got passed on in the market, but it takes one or two months for it to be 
passed on, which reflects in the balance sheet. So, a lot has happened in the industry in every 
industry in these last three months. 

 
Surya Roshni Limited 
 
 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Yes, sir. Okay, sir. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yogesh from Magnus. Please go ahead. 
Yogesh: 
Hello, thank you so much for taking my question, Sir, as you mentioned to a previous participant 
that we have done a lot of capacity addition over the last one, one and a half years, and before 
that, our focus was not so much on capacity addition and our focus was more on cash generation 
and being debt-free. 
So, if you can elaborate if we are entering that capacity addition cycle again in the next one to 
two years where we can see massive capacity addition from the business, given that we have 
very good cash flow now and the balance sheet position is quite strong?  
And over the last two years, how much capacity addition has happened? If you can share these 
details, it would be very good? 
Raju Bista:  
In the last one and a half years, our capacity has improved by about 2 lakh tons. And in the next 
one year, we will reach around 1.6 million from 1.4. And after that, our capacity will increase 
by about 3 lakh tons. So, in FY28 - FY29, our capacity will be around 1.9 million. 
Yogesh:  
So right now, it is 1.2, our capacity, and it will become 1.9 in two years. 
Raju Bista:  
We have already reached 1.4 million. It was 1.2 something; now our capacity has already been 
enhanced to about 1.4and which will become around 1.6 million tons in the next one year, in 
FY27. 
Yogesh:  
So, it will go from 1.2 to 1.6. 
Raju Bista:  
Right. 
Yogesh:  
Okay. And okay, thank you. That was my question. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as our last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. B.B. Singal for his closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
B.B. Singal:  
Thank you for joining us today on this earnings call. We appreciate your interest in Surya Roshni 
Limited. I sincerely once again thank our MD sir and the CEOs for sparing their valuable time 
and addressing queries raised by participants who attended the call. For any further queries, if 
any, you can contact SGA, our investor relation advisor. Thank you, good evening once again.  
Raju Bista: 
Don't thank the MD; they are saying increase the profit. Say thank you to the shareholders. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Surya Roshni Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
********* 
