 
 
 
 
 
TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office 
401, BPTP Capital City, Sector 94,  
Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201 301   
Telephone: +91 120 4848000 
                                       
 
Peenya – Manufacturing Facility 
12-A, Peenya Industrial Area, Peenya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560 058                       
Telephone: +91 80 22164000 
 
 
Sompura – Manufacturing Facility 
491, Sompura 2nd Stage KIADB, Sompura Industrial Area, 
Nelamangala Taluk, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 562 123 
Telephone: +91 80 28060700 
 
CIN: L29110UP1995PLC041834, Website: www.triveniturbines.com 
 
By E-filing 
 
REF: TTL: SE: 05/11                                                        
                       Date: May 22, 2026 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE:  533655 
STOCK CODE: TRITURBINE 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors’/ Analysts’ Conference call held on May 19, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call held on May 19, 2026 for investors/analysts in 
respect of the standalone and consolidated audited financial results of the Company for the 
fourth quarter and financial year ended on March 31, 2026. 
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.triveniturbines.com.  
 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours’ faithfully 
For Triveni Turbine Limited  
 
 
 
 
Pulkit Bhasin 
Company Secretary 
M. No. A27686 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
PULKIT 
BHASIN
Digitally signed 
by PULKIT 
BHASIN 
Date: 2026.05.22 
15:02:57 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Triveni Turbine Q4 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this call, please signal an 
operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank 
you, and over to you. 
 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone, and a warm welcome to all of you 
participating in the Q4 and FY '26 earnings conference call of Triveni 
Turbine Limited.  
 
We have with us today on this call Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. S.N. Prasad, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Sachin 
Parab, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Lalit Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Manikantan Rajendran, Chief Marketing Officer; and Ms. Shreya 
Sharma, Head of Investor Relations and Value Creation. 
 
I would like to emphasise everyone this call is open to all investors, it may 
not be broadcast or reproduced in any form or manner. We will start this 
call with opening remarks, following which the management will be 
available for an interactive Q&A session.  
 
Before we commence, I'd like to hand over to Shreya Sharma, who heads 
Investor Relations and Value Creation. Over to you, Shreya. 
 
Shreya Sharma: 
Thank you, Gavin. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the 
company's Q4 and FY '26 earnings call. I hope you all have a chance to 

 
Page 2 of 28 
 
review the results and the accompanying presentation uploaded on the 
exchanges and on our website earlier. Our discussion on the call will 
follow that presentation. Before we begin, I would like to remind you all 
that some of the statements made today may be forward-looking in 
nature and are covered by the disclaimer of the earnings presentation. 
 
Joining me on the call today is the senior leadership team, who will take 
you through the key business developments and performance for this 
quarter and full year. After the remarks, we will open the floor for the 
questions. 
 
With that, let me hand it over to our Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, to take you through the highlights. Over to 
you, Mr. Sawhney. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you, Shreya. Thank you, Gavin. A very good afternoon, ladies and 
gentlemen, and thank you for joining the Q4 FY '26 earnings call for Triveni 
Turbine Limited.  
 
Against the backdrop of multiple challenges, including geopolitical 
disruptions, tariff-related uncertainties and a volatile global environment, 
we delivered a satisfactory performance for the financial year 2026. Q4 FY 
'26 contributed meaningfully to the full-year performance and helped 
offset the relatively softer first half of the year. As I've said in our previous 
conference calls, we started off the year with the conflict between India 
and Pakistan, which had an impact not only in terms of order booking, 
some very large orders which we were anticipating in the API segment, 
which could have been delivered during the year. And so, the order 
booking also impacted revenue in Q1. Subsequent quarters had issues in 
terms of tariff-related challenges with the United States in specific, which 
led to a more muted order booking. And the year ended with a conflict 
again in West Asia, which also has impacted both revenue as well as 
order booking. But despite all these challenges, I'm happy to report that 
the company did grow its top line by over 8% and its bottom line, we saw a 
contraction, but I'll go into some details on that a little bit later.  
 
The demand conditions across certain markets remained uneven during 
the first half of the year, as I said, and the performance during FY '26 
remained back ended with the second half witnessing significantly 
improved execution momentum across businesses. H2 delivered a 
healthy growth of over 125% on a year-on-year basis. However, supported 
by strong visibility from our healthy order backlog, robust enquiry pipeline 

 
Page 3 of 28 
 
and a resilient business model, we maintained steady business 
momentum. Our diversified presence across sectors and geographies, 
strong execution capabilities enabled us to effectively navigate market 
uncertainties and ensured growth. 
 
During FY '26, we achieved our highest ever annual turnover of ₹21.81 
billion, registering a growth of 9% over FY '25. Export revenue remained a 
key growth driver, increasing 30% year-on-year and contributing 58% of 
our overall revenue compared to 48% in the previous year. At the same 
time, Aftermarket as a percentage of sales did decline on a year-on-year 
basis, and we can cover that in the Q&A.  
 
Operationally, we continue to maintain healthy profitability during the 
year. EBITDA stood at ₹5.27 billion with margins of 24.2%, while profit 
before tax before exceptional items stood at ₹4.9 billion, which remained 
broadly stable year-on-year with margins of 22.5%. Profit after tax 
registered a decline of 3%, primarily on account of an exceptional charge 
of ₹157 million, which is recognised towards employee benefit obligations 
under the new wage code. 
 
Coming to the quarterly performance, Q4 FY '26 was a strong quarter for 
the company with record revenue and robust order booking momentum 
across businesses. We delivered our highest ever quarterly revenue of 
₹6.8 billion, reflecting a growth of 26% year-on-year. And during the 
quarter, the share of exports in the overall revenue increased to 60%, 
registering a 46% growth year-on-year. While strong export performance 
supported overall revenue growth during the quarter, it was impacted by a 
segment mix of lower Aftermarket, particularly spares execution as well 
as the execution of our strategic NTPC order during FY '26. 
 
We also had a mark-to-market loss given the high volatility of rupee during 
the end of the quarter, which also led to a recognition of over ₹8.5 crores 
as a loss on a M2M basis. This, of course, will be adjusted in subsequent 
quarters. But the margin compression was principally due to a change in 
segmental mix, which is driven by a greater share of what I would call our 
strategic project as well as this mark-to-market loss and a lower 
percentage of Aftermarket as a percentage of sales. But having said that, 
for the full year, as you can see, we are largely in line with what our margin 
expectations have been. And going forward, we anticipate that we will 
continue our long-term growth and long-term margin rates that you have 
seen in the previous quarters and years. 
 

 
Page 4 of 28 
 
Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to take a disciplined approach 
to capital deployment and liquidity management, though receivables at 
the end of March 31, 2026, stood at ₹6.39 billion, primarily reflecting the 
execution profile of certain large projects as well as the billing, which was 
skewed towards the end of March, which will be liquidated in the 
subsequent quarters. As we speak, a significant amount of that has 
already been liquidated, but I would be happy to go through that in the 
question-and-answers. 
 
The average trade receivable days stood at 84 days versus 49 days as of 
the 31st of March 2025. While we see that this receivable level is high and 
as I have commented, we believe that this receivable level will 
significantly be diluted during the subsequent quarters, given our profile 
of order booking and therefore execution, which will mean that FY '27 will 
also be somewhat of a back-ended year, our receivable at the end of 
March 31, 2027 may be in a similar level just because of the execution 
profile of our order book. The company continues to maintain its negative 
working capital on non-balance sheet ending days, which is March 31st 
and 30th of September, given the way that it is conducting its business. 
 
On the order booking front, Q4 FY '26 recorded a 19% year-on-year growth 
with total order booking of ₹7.54 billion, which is underpinned by traction 
across both the domestic and international markets and a favourable 
segment mix. Export orders booking touched a record high of ₹5.16 billion 
during the quarter, registering a growth of 174% year-over-year and 
contributed 69% to total order booking, driven by demand across key 
markets, including Europe, Turkey and Southeast Asia. The Aftermarket 
business also witnessed strong momentum with order booking growing by 
121% year-over-year and contributing to 50% to total order booking during 
the period. 
 
Overall, the strong order booking momentum in Q4 FY '26 contributed to 
an improvement in the closing order book for FY '26 and our entry into the 
geothermal products segment is a key milestone for the company in a 
technically demanding segment and a segment which constitutes a 
growing part of our enquiry book. It foretells a good market segment and 
good entry for the company into an area which is growing. 
 
The healthy order inflows across the key and high value segments during 
Q4 FY '26 resulted in our closing outstanding order book increasing by 8% 
year-on-year to ₹20.54 billion. Our international expansion strategy, 
coupled with continued innovation and entry into new product segment 

 
Page 5 of 28 
 
has yielded encouraging results with export orders contributing 51% to 
our closing order book. 
 
The overall order book mix also witnessed a meaningful improvement, 
supported by a strong scale-up of the aftermarket business, which 
improved during the year. We're happy to talk about this subsequently in 
the question-and-answers.  
 
The performance underlies the agility of the company despite the 
problems that were faced in the geopolitical and international arena over 
the past year. While we anticipate certain conflicts to continue in our 
projections, we are confident of growth in the business, confident in 
growth in our bottom line as well as the fact of the visibility that we have in 
the enquiry pipeline, which has grown and nearly doubled over the past 
year, it allows us to have confidence and greater confidence in order 
booking going forward. 
 
Besides this, our research and development continues to innovate and 
deliver new products to deliver new solutions to both our existing 
customers for steam turbine solutions as well as for newer rotating 
equipment solutions, which includes our carbon dioxide-based platform 
as well as the introduction of our organic Rankine cycle turbine, which will 
be able to capture waste heat at lower temperatures and allows us to 
offer a very technically demanding solution to sophisticated customers. 
 
This, of course, is our enquiry book and growth of enquiry book is 
geographically spread globally. Our newer entry into the U.S. market, of 
course, has led to an increase in the enquiry book from the U.S. to be 
disproportionate from the rest of the world, because of our lower visibility 
in previous years. But despite that, we have an enormous increase in the 
enquiry book from the Indian market, which is driven by both the thermal 
power generating market segment as well as fixed capital formation 
demand from user industries across a wide ranging set of industries, 
including paper, pulp, cement, steel and a variety of process 
cogeneration applications. Southeast Asia and Europe continue to 
represent a growth in our enquiry book, both in renewable energy-based 
applications as well as in industrial CapEx. 
 
With that, ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to turn it back to the moderator 
for question-and-answers. 
 
 

 
Page 6 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. We will take the first question from the line of Ravi Swaminathan 
from Spark Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first question is with respect to, 
once again, the enquiry book that you have mentioned that has almost 
doubled over the past one year. You had given some details about it in the 
opening remarks, but can you give a bifurcation or possible broad 
bifurcation as to how much of it has been contributed by the existing 
products? How much of it has been contributed by the new products? 
And also, how much of it has been incrementally contributed by the foray 
into newer geographies like U.S., etc.? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Ravi, actually, because our CO2 products are newer, we don't 
actually reflect that in any enquiry book. Because we still need to see the 
performance of the current installation before we actually determine what 
business model we will choose for that business segment. So actually, 
our growth in enquiry book is only for steam turbine-based applications, 
both for product as well as aftermarket. The Aftermarket market segment, 
both domestically and internationally has grown quite robust. To give you 
some numbers, we've seen, I would say, a near 1,000% increase in our 
enquiry book in North America, but this is driven by the fact that we had 
very low visibility. The enquiry generation in that market is somewhere in 
the range of about 3 GW odd, which is driven by not only investments into 
data centres, the initial investments into data centres, as you know was 
more gas turbine based, but now we see certain demand coming from not 
only combined cycle-based applications, but also certain renewable-
based applications for geothermal, etc. 
 
We also see a robust enquiry pipeline on the Aftermarket segment from 
the North American market. But this 3 GW is in light of about 18 GW odd 
enquiry book that we have now for the product segment. And that enquiry 
book for the product segment of 18 GW is, of course, nearly double of 
what it was in FY '25. The Indian market itself has also increased in its 
enquiry book by about 100% odd over this past year to about 7-odd GW 
for us. The rest of the markets have also exhibited growth. The only market 
for us, which has declined a little bit in terms of visibility is Turkey. But 
actually, every other market has shown a growth from not only fixed 
capital formation in industry, specifically in infrastructure-based 
industries from cement and steel, but also process cogeneration. While, 
and as well as thermal power generation has increased in markets like 
India and the developing economy, renewable-based applications have 

 
Page 7 of 28 
 
an equally large investment appetite. So, what we're seeing is a cycle for 
investment into energy in general. Both on the power and heat side. So, 
it's both for power generation as well as for heat in industry. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Understood. And within the Indian market, it will be, once again, the steel 
and cement and oil and gas, which will be driving the growth here? Or is 
there any other newer sectors which are also growing? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, it's fully broad-based, because the heat requirement in segments like 
steel and cement is larger, obviously, they will be disproportionate in the 
amount that they contribute. Also, the size of CapEx that is required is 
larger. But in general, it is everywhere, but I'll ask our CEO to comment on 
this and then he can ask our Chief Marketing Officer, Mani, to also 
comment on it. 
 
S. Narayana Prasad: 
Good afternoon. So, coming to the Indian market, I think as Nikhil 
mentioned that across the segments, we are seeing the enquiry pipeline 
growth because in the process cogeneration, either steel or cement or oil 
and gas. So, there is a positive traction what we are seeing, more or less 
similar segments even in international markets. Probably Mani can add 
some more colour. 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yes. Thank you, Nikhil and Prasad. This is Mani. Now in terms of the 
sector, as Nikhil said, steel and cement contribute the maximum in terms 
of the growth and the size of the enquiry base in these two sectors are the 
highest. But in terms of growth, as Prasad said, the growth has been 
across all the sectors, be it the process cogeneration, sugar, IPPs. So, the 
growth has been there across all sectors. However, the proportion of the 
enquiry base has been highest with respect to steel and cement. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it. My second question is with respect to some of the new initiatives 
that we are taking, like Geothermal, drive turbine for boiler feed pumps, 
MVR compressors and the CO2-based applications, etc. What would 
have been the contribution in FY '26 of all these new initiatives that we 
would have seen? And what is the near-term target market size for each of 
these that will be there? And how the contribution can increase over a 
two, three-year period on these? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Very, very good questions and very difficult question. I have to confess 
that we don't have that breakup right now in terms of how much they 
contributed in the last year in growth of enquiries. Let me take each 
individual segment. Geothermal is a key market for us because not only is 

 
Page 8 of 28 
 
it extremely demanding from a technical perspective of metallurgy as well 
as fluid dynamics, but also the reliability and robustness that has to be 
delivered to a client because it is IPP at the end of the day. 
 
And of course, non-generation is just a pure loss for the developer. So, 
this is a market segment that we participated in both principally as 
aftermarket contributors to this, but we also have provided and sold 
products into this market segment. We are quite hopeful that this market 
segment will present us more opportunities in this current year coming 
from geographies, including Southeast Asia and the United States, both 
for the Aftermarket as well as new products. We also are hopeful for 
newer product introductions such as organic rankine cycle, which can 
take lower heat recovery, which will also contribute into the Geothermal 
market. 
 
We'd like to target markets based on the industries that they're from 
rather than the products that fit into them because it's better to solve a 
customer solution problem. MVR, again is a similar product, which allows 
for distilleries and for others to generate to have a viable solution for them 
in their process. 
 
This is a much smaller market segment. It does not really form a 
significant part of our enquiry book, nor does it form a significant part of 
our order booking. But having said that, what it does do is once we couple 
it with some of our other innovations, including our heat pumps, etc, it 
can provide a very viable solution in an integrated manner. 
 
Going forward, we think the MVR and the heat pump market will remain 
small as a contribution to Triveni Turbine, but it will increasingly allow us 
to penetrate into the customer and allow us to display our technical 
prowess to our customers, especially internationally. The CO2 products, 
especially in the subcritical energy storage market is something that we're 
quite enthused about. Right now, we would like to finish our current 
project before we actually project out what our business plan will be for 
that. We will wait for the plant to stabilise. But we are quite optimistic that 
the company that is Triveni Turbine should come out with a solution 
around long-term energy storage given its products. 
 
So, what that means, I think we'll have to articulate a little bit better once 
we have some findings from our current project. I think that covers most 
of your questions. In terms of how they've contributed to the enquiry 

 
Page 9 of 28 
 
book, I would say none of them are very meaningful at this current point in 
time. 
 
But when I look forward in terms of in the next couple of years or next 
three, four years, the Geothermal market will be a large market for us. It 
will contribute very meaningfully. I think the ORC market will also be large 
for us. We think that the CO2 market, it depends if we have a correct 
solution, it may be quite a large market for us. The MVR and heat pump 
market will be constant. It will be high profit, but it will remain smaller, 
right Prasad? 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
And the drive turbine market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The drive turbine market is cyclical. To the extent that thermal power goes 
up and down, it will reflect that. Right now, we're in a market where 
thermal power generation is expanding. You have oil and gas expanding. 
You have everyone waiting to expand capacity. You've had a lot of 
disruption in the oil and gas, both upstream and downstream over the 
course of the last two months. And actually, already in Q1, we're seeing 
good demand from the API segment globally. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nitin Arora from 
Axis Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
Nitin Arora: 
Hi, Nikhil, just on this U.S. pipeline, where you're sounding very confident. 
Can you throw some light where are the actual enquiries because you 
articulated two things, power and heat. What will be our role specific? If 
I've heard it correctly, you said data centre, some bids are coming for the 
combined cycle plant. If you can articulate in a better way, just to 
understand where the direction is going in U.S.? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Let me ask Prasad and Mani to answer that question. Though I have to give 
you a caution that the entire enquiry book is not something that gets 
converted and obviously, it will not all get converted to us. While we're 
very optimistic on the U.S. market in terms of incremental growth in our 
order book, it's not as if it's suddenly going to take on a very significant 
share of our order booking. Prasad, just say where the demand is coming 
from? 
 
S. Narayana Prasad: 
Yes. So especially in U.S. demand is coming in addition to the combined 
cycle applications for the data centres, areas where we are seeing a good 
traction is biomass plants is one thing. Pulp and paper enquiries are 

 
Page 10 of 28 
 
picking up and Geothermal. These are the four segments which today, 
what we are seeing from the enquiry pipeline, especially from U.S., what 
we are seeing. Mani, any additions from your time? 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yeah, Nitin. Good afternoon. Now from the time what we were in FY '25, 
now there has been a good amount of traction, and we have been getting 
good number of enquiries in this FY '26. The enquiry bases have 
increased. Now as Mr. Prasad said, now many of these data centres are 
now converting from a gas turbine to a combined cycle. So, there have 
been quite a few enquiries for those combined cycle steam turbines up 
there. And we are also getting enquiries on the conventional items like 
IPPs as well as for the sugar, conventional ones, paper, pulp, which is our 
conventional kind of a business. The enquiries have started flowing in. 
Plus, we also see a good traction in geothermal and biomass space as 
well. A couple of enquiries from the small modular reactors. So that is 
also coming in. 
 
Nitin Arora: 
Okay. Just one clarification here. When a data centre enquiry is coming for 
a combined cycle, barring only the gas turbine, the steam turbine, what 
data centre is ordering or doing this combined cycle to improve the 
efficiency part because we always thought that gas turbine itself is 
sufficient enough. So, this combined cycle is happening just to improve 
more efficiency on their angle. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. So typically, a gas turbine operates at about 30%, 35% efficiency. 
And when you take it to a combined cycle, it goes up about 50%. So, I 
mean, a combined cycle actually is just taking waste heat from the 
exhaust of a gas turbine. The ratio in which it works is for, I mean this is 
very rough for 3 MW of a gas turbine, you would have 1 MW steam turbine 
on the waste heat side. 
 
And so, this improves the efficiency. And very frankly, it can either be put 
in at the time of installation or could be put in later. So simple cycle is 
being put up, a simple cycle means a gas turbine without combined cycle 
and without a steam turbine and combined cycle means a gas turbine 
with a steam turbine, and that can be put up later as well. Because you 
see the permitting that is required for water is different than what is 
required for air. And those are different regulations in the United States, 
and they take different time. So, with speed, obviously gas gets set up 
first. The permitting for water takes longer. 
 

 
Page 11 of 28 
 
Nitin Arora: 
But do you see this as a bigger TAM opportunity for you? I mean, just to put 
it in the perspective of sizing and the potential market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It definitely expands the market quite significantly. I already gave you an 
indication that the U.S. presents I don't know what is it, nearly 15% plus 
number in our enquiry book. And that's come up from near 1% or 2%. 
 
So that's a very large growth for us. To what extent will it be converted? 
We're being cautious on a couple of things because we know that 
permitting in the U.S. takes a long time and getting water permissions will 
take time. So we don't know how quickly these will convert into orders and 
whether they'll convert in this current year. 
 
We don't know if all of it will convert in this year, but what it does present 
is a large enough market for us to be interested to say that it presents us a 
growth opportunity for us to continue with our growth of order booking. 
This past year, we had a growth in our closing order book of about 8% 
which gives you an idea in terms of the execution that we'll have in this 
current year from a revenue perspective. But going forward, we will be 
much more hopeful in growth of our order booking, and the U.S. will have 
to play a role in that growth of order booking, which will be spread 
geographically for us. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Ganeshram 
Rajagopalan from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan: Thank you for taking my question. The first question is a clarification to 
what Ravi was asking. So when we look at the near doubling in the enquiry 
book and you've gone into quite some detail about it. Just to be sure, this 
enquiry, are you only capturing the steam turbine opportunity? Or does it 
include enquiries from API, for example. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
API to the extent that it requires a steam turbine is, of course, included. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan: Okay. Understood. And the second question is on the long-duration 
energy storage itself. When we look at the commentary from your 
technology partner globally, they seem to have signed up a partnership 
with Google and with ENGIE for offtake, building in the U.S. with Alliant 
Energy. So, the messaging to me suggests more that the technology is 
validated and scaling globally, but your messaging is a bit more cautious 
on this front. So, what is the caution about? Do you feel it's more about 
the adoption in the Indian market? Or is it about the technology itself? 

 
Page 12 of 28 
 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. Well, we'd like to see everything. The project by itself has multiple 
different components. I wouldn't like to speak about for our technology 
partner, but I'll just speak for ourselves, which is to say that is the 
execution possible within the timelines and the cost estimated. As you 
would have seen from this current quarter, we had a significant amount of 
billing on that project, which has already had some cost increases. 
 
But having absorbed those, the project is still marginally profitable. And 
so, we need to see the full cost to conversion for the project. And then we 
have to assess the project from a technical performance and round-trip 
efficiency perspective, given not only Indian conditions because actually 
temperature plays a very large role in terms of all of these cycles and the 
calculations. So, we have to see what Indian conditions, Indian 
operations mean for the project. We're very hopeful for us to deliver the 
results, by the way. So don't get me wrong. I'd just like comment on it 
once it's up and running. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan:  Understood. And another clarification is just on the commodity 
environment. We're seeing prices spike up quite significantly. So 
generally, when you're pricing, do you have pass-throughs? Or do you 
have a certain portion that's fixed? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah, largely, each unique order when it's taken is taken either with 
inventory in stock or with back-to-back orders to be placed. And we have 
rate contracts for all our large components. And so there has been 
movement in material prices. You're very right. Everything from copper to 
aluminium to steel has actually increased in price. But we do not see that 
impacting both our supply chain procurement or therefore, our margins. 
But let me ask Sachin, can you comment a little bit more on the costing of 
how you're treating. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
So, we have diversified our supplier base, and we are trying to mitigate 
those risks in terms of escalation of our cost. Also, as we have always 
maintained even in our previous calls, we have rate contracts which are 
long-term. They also insulate us with some of those escalations. Besides 
when we take particular orders, which are of a large magnitude, we are 
extra cautious in terms of negotiating very good supplier rates. So more or 
less, we do not foresee too much of escalation of cost, and we should be 
able to maintain our margins that we have been seeing now. 
 

 
Page 13 of 28 
 
S. Narayana Prasad: 
Yeah, in addition to Sachin's points, a couple of points, see, wherever it is 
a must for us considering the current volatility from the supply chain. So, 
some of those things we'll be able to pass to the customers also because 
customers are also equally sensitive to this data when it comes to 
commodity prices going up. So, there will be some sort of a small time lag 
will be there. But otherwise, with our extended supply chain network 
spread across the globe, plus some of the customers to whom we'll be 
able to pass it, we'll be able to maintain the bottom line. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan: Understood. So essentially, you're saying the margins are not as impacted 
by the raw materials. It's largely a function of the product mix in this 
quarter. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, no, no, that's exactly right. Actually, we've always encouraged 
investors to look at our business on a year-on-year basis, where we are 
very lumpy on a quarterly basis. You will get the wrong impression if you 
look at one quarter by itself. You have to look at it on a longer basis and 
longer trend. We've had big challenges in the year, like I started off by 
saying, which led to both a lower order booking than we anticipated as 
well as lower revenue than we anticipated. And we think that there will be 
still disruptions in FY '27. But very frankly, we are optimistic that we've 
streamlined certain processes to allow for us to go through those 
uncertainties. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity. Firstly, on the Indian market, 
could you give us an idea on the size of FY '26 addressable market in 
megawatt terms, essentially the less than 100 MW market size in India? 
And how do you expect this market to grow in the FY '26? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Like I said, the enquiry book is up 100%. Now what will get converted is a 
function of multiple different factors. It is a question of liquidity, balance 
sheet strength across those developers, etc. But having said that, there 
seems to be a very strong tailwind on the thermal power generation 
market. You have a huge amount of capacity addition, which has to come 
on stream. 
 
You have a very strong tailwind also in the steel market. The cement 
market, I think is reasonably consolidated, but whatever gets announced 
from CapEx in the cement market does come back. It does actually get 

 
Page 14 of 28 
 
executed. The steel is a little bit not as reliable from an enquiry to 
conversion perspective. You also have renewed enquiries coming from 
ethanol as well as from certain agro-based industries. At the same point 
in time, efficiency remains an important factor in waste heat recovery, 
both from municipal, solid waste incineration as well as from other 
applications within industry remain quite large. 
 
But the market itself, I don't have the number on me. Maybe you'll be able 
to take it from Shreya later in terms of the growth of the domestic market 
overall. But we have seen a good growth in the market in this current year, 
and we anticipate next year as well for it to have a good growth. Prasad, 
do you have any comment on that? 
 
S. Narayana Prasad: 
Yes. Marketwise, domestic market around 35%, it has grown. That is the 
one data point when it comes to domestic market. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's about 3,400-odd MW. I think you take the number from Shreya. I think 
this is not a correct number right now. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Sure, I will take it offline from Shreya. Secondly, what is the size of API 
turbines in our revenues, orders and order backlog? Is this part of the 
business expected to grow faster than the overall business or it will be 
broadly in line? So, is this business become sizable enough to call out or it 
is still not that large? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, no, it is a key growth driver and a key profit driver for the business. We 
were anticipating certain large orders at the beginning of FY '26, which 
didn't materialise. And so therefore, API as a percentage of both our order 
book as well as revenue is lower than our anticipation. But it is a key 
growth driver for the business, and it is an area where we're able to deliver 
very good products. So, from a revenue perspective, API has a larger 
component share than in our order book. But we believe in the coming 
quarters and years, it will revert to having a meaningful 10% plus number 
in our order booking as well as in revenue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, thank you for taking the question, again, on the U.S. business. So, you 
did allude in terms of very strong enquiry, which has built up. Just wanted 
to understand what are the expectations in terms of conversions for  
FY '27? And are we more confident on either the product side or the 

 
Page 15 of 28 
 
Aftermarket side? Some colour there would help. And amid all the global 
MNCs probably we are competing with in that market, you can give some 
colour in terms of the competitiveness of Triveni Turbine vis-à-vis other 
players and some expectations in FY '27 would help. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. First, I'm going to ask my colleague, Sachin, to come in and 
comment on the U.S. market also. But before that, let me give you my 
expectation, we expect both the Aftermarket because see Aftermarket is 
driven by the installed base. The installed base and as you can imagine, 
the fixed capital deployed in the U.S. economy, given it's a $27 trillion 
economy is massive. So that presents an enormous opportunity for us to 
both refurbish, repair, modernise, upgrade current installations. But at 
the same time, there's a growth in the market from an energy production 
perspective. So, both present equally large opportunities.  
 
Having said that, this Q4 was a profitable quarter for the U.S. subsidiary. 
Though the full year itself, as you will see from the annual report when it's 
out and the subsidiary accounts still had a loss of about ₹8 odd crores in 
that subsidiary. In the coming year, we anticipate not only for that to 
reverse, but for it to be profitable, largely driven by greater execution. But 
the Aftermarket order booking, while it may get executed within next year 
itself, the order booking on the product side may get executed in FY '28. 
So, we're very optimistic in the short as well as medium term for the 
business. 
 
Sachin, can you provide some clarity more around the U.S. operations? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
Yeah. So, we have been able to turn around orders fairly rapidly for the 
Aftermarket business in the U.S. So, the enquiry generation has been 
really better for the product business. But the Aftermarket business 
because it's shorter turnaround, it reflects in the revenues much faster. 
So as Mr. Nikhil said, we are looking at Aftermarket contributing more to 
the revenue in FY '27. Some of the product orders might take some time to 
execute, but we are quite confident that the conversions will be good. It 
would not be possible to estimate any percentages as such. But as we are 
getting our brand more recognised in the U.S. market, that is reflecting in 
the enquiries going up. And with the execution that we have done so far, 
the confidence of our customers is enabling good references for us to 
take more enquiries. So overall, we are quite hopeful on the U.S. market, 
and we'd like to see how things pan out, and we are quite hopeful. Thank 
you. 
 

 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
What was the second question, Amit? 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Yes. So just a follow-up on this. So, are we expecting data centre to be a 
good contributor? And even the current order backlog in U.S., is there any 
notable conversion on data centre piece even in the enquiry? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. A lot of it is driven around data centre requirement, which is both like 
Prasad had mentioned earlier on the combined cycle operations as well 
as on the renewable applications. All the enquiries and orders that we 
may have even in the small modular reactor and microreactor segments 
and Geothermal is ultimately to feed the power requirement for data 
centres. It's not for the grid. And then there's industrial CapEx as well. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Understood. My second question was in terms of the current order book. 
So obviously, last year, we had a lot of lumpiness back-ended revenue. 
So, what should be the expectation this year in terms of growth? And how 
much of the current order book has lumpy orders currently? So just a 
sense on how the year will be in terms of the quarterly seasonality for FY 
'27? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So that's a good question. Last year was impacted by book and bill. So, we 
rely on book and bill, not only in the product but also the aftermarket side. 
The Aftermarket segment because of a lot of uncertainty led to lower 
order bookings, especially on the spares side. In this current year, we 
don't think that the same degree of uncertainty should exist. That's 
number one. 
 
Number two is that these large project-based orders are not really in our 
order booking. Having said that, because the way that the way the orders 
have come into our order book means that, again, the revenue recognition 
and the way that the products will be dispatched will be backended. So, 
from FY '25 perspective, you'd see a quarter-on-quarter growth in 
quarters. But if you look at it historically, it will again be a back-ended H2 
year for us. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. And can we expect double-digit this year? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, we shy away from giving direct giving guidance, but what we do have 
is a growth in the enquiry closing order book by about 9%. And so that 
gives you an indication of the minimum growth that we would like to 
anticipate. 
 

 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. Finally, on the overall export order inflows, which was about ₹1,200 
crores, and we've grown by almost three, four years from the base of 
₹450-odd crores. This was the first year when the order inflow from export 
market was kind of flattish. So, we understand you explained U.S., but is 
there a challenge in terms of enquiry conversions in the other markets? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
In general, during the whole year, there was constraints in terms of 
finalisation. But I'll let Mani take this question on because we're already in 
Q1 and so let him answer as to how we're seeing customer conversion in 
the export market. 
 
Manikantan Rajendran: 
Yes. Yes, Amit. Now with respect to the inquiry conversion, like during the 
year, with respect to the geopolitical issues, which we faced, there has 
been delays in the order conversion, while the enquiries did, we did 
receive quite a number. But in terms of conversion, we did have 
challenges because the finalisations got delayed. That is one of the 
reasons why export you see flattish. 
 
Going forward in FY '27, now there have been quite a number of tractions 
and discussions happening in converting into those enquiries which we 
have. Conversions, we are positive about it going forward. There have 
been good number of discussions having as we discussed. So, we are 
hopeful that this situation would change. And this year, we believe 
exports would be more than the domestic. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Kunal Sheth 
from 360 ONE Capital Market Private Limited. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
Yeah, Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. While most of my questions have 
been answered. Just two questions. First one on the Aftermarket export, 
we have seen a huge bump up there. So, I just wanted to check any bulky 
order that we have booked this quarter? And what could be the 
sustainable run rate given that we have increased our offering in the 
aftermarket significantly? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. So, our strategy in the Aftermarket is, well, there are three segments 
within Aftermarket, which is our spares and second is service and third is 
refurbishment. Our spares and service is obviously driven around our own 
Triveni Turbine installed base. And that will grow based on an installed 
base of maybe two, three years prior because it will take that much time 
for these sort of orders to come through. 
 

 
Page 18 of 28 
 
The real growth in the Aftermarket segment comes from refurbishment, 
which is based on our capabilities on the ground in certain geographies to 
be able to convince customers of that capability. And as we are getting 
more entrenched into the African continent, we see good orders coming 
from that market. These include both lower value-add and higher value 
addition-based projects, which not only have overhaul as part of the 
contract, but also repair parts manufacturing. And we'll provide more 
clarity around our African operations in the subsequent quarters, but it 
represents a sustainable growth because we've been able to show value 
to our customers. And the confidence that comes from it allows us to see 
a more sustainable revenue from these markets. 
 
Kunal Sheth: 
And Nikhil, my second question is around the kind of focus on innovation 
that we have shown is showing up in the number of products that we are 
offered in terms of new products over the last few years. So, I just wanted 
to check at the Board level, is there a number that you guys work with in 
terms of share of revenue that has to come from new products? Is that 
how you think or it's on a best effort basis? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, it's a difficult question because while we have long-term innovation 
programmes, when certain opportunities arise, there is a certain degree 
of priority that is placed within R&D towards quicker commercialisation 
based on opportunistic requirement. So, there's not a straight 
requirement in that direction that is given from the Board. But what we do 
have is over 7.5% of our workforce, which is in R&D in specific. We have 
another 8% plus in engineering. And so, we do have a very strong 
technical bench strength. That, coupled with over a 35% number of 
people that we have in servicing, which is more from a customer 
satisfaction perspective, gives you an idea as to the priorities of the 
business. 
 
Innovation is important because not only are we developing new products 
within the steam turbine range for applications such as geothermal, etc., 
but we are also then have new technology innovation, and new 
technology introductions, which allow us to provide a longer-term growth 
path for the company. These newer innovations and new technology 
introductions is while we may get one order here and two orders here, 
these will present longer term growth opportunities once we're able to 
stabilise technologies and establish our name. But we're still pretty much 
a steam turbine company at this point in time. And especially when you 
look at us in the short term, you should evaluate us that way. In the 

 
Page 19 of 28 
 
medium term and longer term, yes, we will be a multi-product and a 
solution-oriented company. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Chirag 
Muchhala from Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
So first is on this NTPC battery energy storage order that you had 
mentioned in your opening remarks as a strategic order. So just wanted to 
get more update on how much part of that order has been executed and 
the margin profile on the same? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. I think, whatever the increase in cost in this order we've already 
taken, this order is probably at a PBT level of about 3-odd percent. And 
we've taken over two-thirds of the order already into revenue. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. So, two-third of the order has already been booked as on FY '26 
basically. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. Also, in the light of this currency depreciation, I also wanted to have 
your views on the competitive position that we will have as far as bidding 
against the global competitors are concerned since majority of our peers 
are still in different economies. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. It's a good question, but the fact is actually, we don't lose orders 
based on price in the international market. So actually, margin and price 
is not the question. In fact, if you win an order, all you could say that we 
may have the luxury of a higher margin. But we don't lose orders based on 
price, and it's not as we discount that way. So, I see this as only a margin 
expansion for us. But at the same time, there has been commodity price 
increases and different countries offer different margin structures. So, we 
don't see the competitive intensity either increasing or declining based on 
this. You do have the Japanese who've also had a currency decline. You 
have some other countries which have faced the same situation, maybe 
not as much as India. 
 
But having said that, our competitiveness still remains very high. This is a 
largely oligopolistic market globally. It is a question to be able to provide 
the right value proposition to customers rather than be cheapest. You 
have to be reliable and robust, technically be able to provide the service 
where the customer needs it, be able to understand his requirement and 

 
Page 20 of 28 
 
deliver it in time and in the performance that he requires. So those are 
much more important than the pricing. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And lastly, considering this Middle East conflict, outlook on the API 
Turbine Business, specifically from the Middle Eastern customers for FY 
'27? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. Right now, we've not taken as part of any of our projections for API 
because, well, obviously, if the war ends soon, there will be a lot of repair 
and maintenance and refurbishment requirement and new orders from 
that market. Right now, we're not taking anything in our projections. But 
globally, because of higher oil prices, we've seen a resurgence in 
enquiries as well as order finalisations in the API segment globally for both 
upstream and downstream. We largely participate in the downstream 
market. 
 
Chirag Muchhala: 
Okay. And we are getting orders from multiple locations globally or it is 
largely India and Middle East centric API inflows currently? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. Well, obviously, the Middle East had a larger part of our enquiry book 
and order booking in the last two years. We believe this requirement is, at 
this point in time, it's more global, including Africa and the United States 
and India. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mohit Surana 
from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is more with respect to 
understanding the trajectory of the EBITDA margin. As I understand, for 
the full year, we have achieved a level. And the project execution of the 
project-based orders, I mean, as you mentioned, NTPC did not execute. 
So, going forward, with more Aftermarket services component in our order 
book, do you expect the margins to improve further from here? Have you 
already bottomed out? Or we can see more stress because of the Middle 
East crisis in the near term? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So actually, for us, as a company, I think it's better to view us from a 
turnover perspective because actually our margins are reasonably stable 
on a year-on-year basis. They will change based on product mix. If you 
have more export as a percentage of sales, your margins are a little bit 
higher. More Aftermarket as a percentage of sales, your margins are 
higher. More spares as a percentage of Aftermarket, your margins are 

 
Page 21 of 28 
 
higher. And you'd understand that. So, for us, largely, we don't see any 
change in margins. Our margins are not a problem, as I've been 
suggesting. 
 
I think what you should rather focus on is our order booking and the 
quality of our order booking and the revenue recognition of that. So, 
because our products are, because each order has a different margin 
structure. It's difficult to answer your question about have your margins 
bottomed out. I tried to give you an explanation as to what were the 
factors that impacted margins in this current year, which included an 
exceptional item, which we talked about, which included certain mark-to-
market losses. But these mark-to-market losses may be a recurring thing 
which happen every year because of currency volatility and our hedging 
policy. We had a certain strategic order which had lower margins. But in 
general, we don't see margins as structure. Going forward, exports will be 
a larger percentage of our execution. So that's even less of a risk that we 
have on margins. You have large Aftermarket. So, I don't think what you're 
asking is really too much of an issue for the company. 
 
Mohit Surana: 
Understood, and in terms of order intakes, is there a sustainable level of 
order intake we can expect every quarter? I mean I understand it could be 
lumpy. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I think it will all depend on external situations. As we deliver larger and 
larger turbines and larger projects, the order booking will be lumpy. But 
the visibility that we have, as I've tried to provide you in our enquiry book is 
that we are quite confident of growth in our order booking. And I think 
Mani and Prasad alluded to the same that we believe this would come 
from a wide diverse geographic spread as well as different industries. 
 
So as far as the number goes, like should it be higher than ₹500 crores or 
₹700 crores. Obviously, we believe that it should be, the higher number is 
what we aspire towards. But we'll have to see that. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Ganeshram 
Rajagopalan from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan: Thank you. I just wanted to focus a bit more on the traction that you're 
seeing in the U.S. You've addressed it in detail. So, I just want to take it 
one step forward and understand the competitive landscape and how 
you're positioning the product. And in terms of approvals, they tend to 

 
Page 22 of 28 
 
take some time. So exactly how are you placed in this market versus 
competition? What's your sales pitch generally? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, the first thing is that the permits is not our problem. It's a 
developer's problem. We sell to an integrator, EPC or a developer. So, the 
permits is not our issue. The proposition is the same to be able to sell and 
it's consistent not only in the U.S., but it's consistent globally, is to be able 
to show a reliable, robust product and a value to the customer in terms of 
being able to provide uptime to him in a situations and backup of service. 
 
So, the messaging is quite uniform regardless of where we sell. The 
difference is that we have on-ground capabilities in the U.S., which 
provide a greater degree of confidence especially in terms of repair and 
maintenance, which may be required by customers, the ability to have on-
ground servicing personnel in the U.S. You do have a diffused 
responsibility in terms of the procurement. It's less entrepreneurially 
driven and more established supply chains. And so that presents a 
different value proposition that we have to sell where we don't have a 
brand. And well, we have a significantly weaker brand than our global 
competitors. And so as to overcome the bias that may exist, we have to 
make it up in terms of other attributes such as the broadness of our 
technical offering, how well it can deal with the different vagaries of 
operating conditions of our client, what is the speed by which we can 
execute and deliver the product, what are the guarantees that we take on 
reliability and robustness, but it's broadly the same. There's nothing too 
much different in the U.S. market than what we try to sell in others. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan: That's very helpful. And generally, when it comes to converting this, what 
are the pushbacks you're receiving from end customers? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. You see the point is, like I said, specifically in combined cycle, water 
and permit takes longer. The pushback is when we're in front of a 
customer and the order is being closed, we have a very high percentage of 
winning. So, the issue is to be in front of the customer and for us to have 
visibility into those orders. So that's why the growth in the enquiry book is 
a very strong foreteller of what may be potential demand from that 
economy. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan: Understood. Understood. And just one more question is, I think this has 
been touched upon, but on the margins front, you had alluded that a good 
mix of exports and aftermarket generally supports margins. And your 
export mix in terms of revenue recognition has been amongst the highest 

 
Page 23 of 28 
 
this quarter when I look at the past eight quarters. Aftermarket, not too 
much of a decline, but probably around 25%. So, the drag is coming from 
the strategic orders. Could you give us some clarity on what the nature of 
these orders are and what your thought process is in this segment? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, we had a line of technical development around subcritical carbon 
dioxide turbines and one of the applications for that was in energy 
storage. So, the project was taken as a strategic developmental project to 
validate our technology as well as our product. So that is something that, 
that is the reason why it was taken. We believe, like I already alluded to or 
actually said to a previous participant, this NTPC project was a low-
margin order. Majority of it has already been billed in the current financial 
year and especially in the previous quarter. But in the quarter, you had 
three things. One is the aftermarket as a percentage of sales was actually 
at 25%, which is lower than about 33% for the previous year. 
 
While exports were higher, the Aftermarket has a much higher 
profitability, as you would imagine, than export even. That, coupled with 
the fact that you have a large revenue that came from a low-margin order 
is what impacted the profitability in Q4. But again, I would encourage you 
to look at it on a year-on-year basis. And that degree of volatility will 
always exist around sort of a mean 25% EBITDA level. It will be higher in 
some quarters, it will be lower. I think we went up to 27%, 28% also in 
current year in some quarter. 
 
Ganeshram Rajagopalan:  Understood. We look at it from another point of view, it just helps to 
understand the movement. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think if you must view us in any given quarter, look at it to the trailing 12 
months of that quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Raj Shah from 
ENAM AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
Raj Shah: 
Thank you. My question was relating to the U.S. operations. If you can 
highlight the update on any profitability, how confident we are of breaking 
even in FY '27 and to what extent? And secondly, I think in the order 
pipeline, you mentioned that there is some order enquiry for small 
module reactors as well in the U.S. If you can also throw some light on 
that. 
 

 
Page 24 of 28 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yeah. I mean, a small modular reactor like with any other heat producing, 
we operate as it's a normal steam turbine solution, which actually quite 
low specifications that come out from the nuclear space. We've been a 
provider to the nuclear space for quite a while now, actually. As far as the 
U.S. subsidiary itself, like I alluded to, we've had a profitable quarter, but if 
you look at the full-year FY '26, it was a loss in the U.S. subsidiary. And like 
I said, we believe that this current year should be positive, if not at worst 
breakeven. So, within those calculations, we are optimistic that when we 
get into FY '28 onwards that we'll be able to deliver profitability from the 
U.S. operations because of both size and scale, absorption of overhead 
as well as profitability of the orders themselves. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Harshita from 
UBS. Please go ahead. 
 
Harshita: 
Yeah, good afternoon. So, my question was on the combined cycle 
product that you mentioned. So, could you provide more clarity on the 
order visibility here? And is this also accompanied by the servicing or AMC 
contracts that we see in general?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I'm missing your question. Can you say that again, servicing of EPC, what 
contracts? 
 
Harshita: 
No, for the combined cycle products that you mentioned for data centres. 
So, are these also accompanied by servicing or AMC contracts here? And 
similar to the pricing tailwinds that we see for other hyperscaler or data 
centre linked product that are benefiting from strong pricing-led margin 
expansion. Is that also something we can expect from these kinds of 
product orders here? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
For us, I think what's more important is to get a sustainable entry into the 
space. So, we're not looking at margin expansion or pricing increase 
disproportionate to what is available. there is certain supply constraint in 
terms of energy solutions globally in all forms, in all rotating equipment. 
 
For us, the data centre as an end market contributes a significant portion 
of our enquiry book. So, it will be well in excess of half of the enquiry book 
will be coming from that market segment. And as far as long-term service 
contracts go, we always offer that to clients as a solution. And when we 
do take it in our order book, we only take the near-term visibility of that 
servicing contract and not the whole duration of it. So, whatever can be 
executed in one year is what will be taken. 

 
Page 25 of 28 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Praj Agarwal 
from C9 Family Office. Please go ahead. 
 
Praj Agarwal: 
Hello, thanks very much for the opportunity. Again, I had a question on 
data centre. You previously highlighted that in CCGT and Geothermal 
through this organic rankine cycle, we have an opportunity. So, despite 
this economy, we have not been able to identify many projects in U.S. so 
far, which are basically using this solution. So, since this is an attractive 
solution, why is there a slow uptake in this globally in this industry? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Slow uptake of combined cycle? 
 
Praj Agarwal: 
No, no, basically steam turbine solution and this organic rankine cycle. 
Like why is this solution not being used extensively in this industry? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Organic rankine is not for the data centres. It will be more for Geothermal 
and for low waste heat recovery, which will include industrial processes. 
So that's the wrong technology application there. This is a new product 
introduction for us. And so, this is something that it will add on and 
something that we're quite hopeful to get success on in this current year 
and will build on to a longer-term pipeline. I didn't understand your 
second question actually. 
 
Praj Agarwal: 
In the CCGT, does the steam turbine go inside the CCGT or basically, it 
will be complemented by a different steam turbine with the CCGT 
solution? Last con call, you mentioned 3 MW plus 1 MW solution will be 
used. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, that's just the calculation of the number. The fact is that it is for the 
developer to decide if he wants a combined cycle or if he wants a simple 
cycle operation. We can't determine that. It is based on the customers' 
constraints, be it his permitting, his availability of funds, his speed of 
getting power online, whatever the other constraints are, we can't 
influence that. 
 
Praj Agarwal: 
Got it. But these large CCGT players like Siemens and all, they would have 
their own steam turbine solution, right, that they will offer to the 
customers. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Of course. 
 

 
Page 26 of 28 
 
Praj Agarwal: 
So basically, what basically space is open for Triveni to participate here 
because the CCGT players will have their own steam turbine solution to 
offer to the customer. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Each customer or each client actually orders in a different manner. 
Sometimes they club the contracts and give it to the gas turbine lead only. 
Sometimes they break it up and give it to EPCs. Sometimes they order 
everything themselves. So, it all depends on the size and scale of the 
developer, the maturity of him, his technical availability and how he 
wishes to design the contract. So, there's no set format in this actually. 
Whatever visibility we see in the enquiries I've shown, whatever I 
presented is what is available for us to bid on. 
 
Praj Agarwal: 
Got it. And last question. On margins, the mix is shifting on three fronts, 
domestic to exports, OEMs to aftermarket and then stand-alone turbines 
to now solutions. So how do we think of margin trajectory going forward 
since all these three will directionally benefit on the margin side, right? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You see for us, what I'm more concerned with is actually growing our top 
line rather than margin expansion. So, the margin expansion, if it happens 
due to product mix change, etc is beneficial to us. It's not that there's a 
conscious strategy for us to discount and get market, but it's more 
important for us to actually look at top line growth. But I'm very 
comfortable with our margins of what is 25% plus EBITDA. And 
sometimes it will go higher, sometimes it will go a little lower. But the 
trajectory will be there. And in general, you're right, the trajectory should 
be higher, but that's just a consequence of our product mix and 
geographic mix. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Dolly Choudhary 
from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
 
Dolly Choudhary: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. As most of my questions have been 
answered. I wanted to get a little your macro perspective on one thing that 
like this long-duration storage are clearly seeing strong momentum in 
India. But if we see BESS and pump storage remain the dominant 
solution. So, like according to, where does this CO2 battery technology fit 
in the landscape? Like are there any discussions going forward for this 
technology in India? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, there are many discussions happening and many different technology 
choices. Long-duration energy storage, where the CO2 comes in is 

 
Page 27 of 28 
 
evaluated in the same form like pumped hydro because of the availability. 
And the costing of it is actually significantly higher than pumped hydro. 
 
The question is how you can scale to get the pricing down because 
ultimately, we need to get the cost, which is appropriate to the market. 
the Indian cost appetite is extremely low. So we have to see what round-
trip efficiencies come to, to be able to actually see if this is a long-term 
solution. We have to be able to see what the final costing comes on a per 
kilowatt hour basis, a megawatt hour basis. 
 
You have a variety of different solutions which are out there. You have 
different flow battery solutions, which are also available. We have 
different research that we are doing in terms of both kinetic thermal-
based energy storage systems as well as flow-based storage systems. But 
this is an interesting area for us to provide a solution. And I think we'll take 
some time to figure out where our space is because we want to be a 
value-added player here rather than just an integrator of other people's 
technologies. 
 
Dolly Choudhary: 
Got it, and like if we say like the thing goes well regarding the costing, and 
we know that this is a relatively new technology. So like if you can quantify 
how do customers typically validate the viability before placing a new 
order like for NTPC? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I don't know. Very frankly, we have not been marketing this at all. So, I 
don't know. You can tell us better. We have some discussions on in terms 
of what the parameters are. But as far as active discussions around RFP 
go, no. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much. So, thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. 
Thank you for joining the Q4 FY '26 earnings call for Triveni Turbine. We 
look forward to speaking to you again with our Q1. We have a robust 
strategy in the company with continued focus on innovation and 
execution. Customer service and customer delight and satisfaction 
remain paramount in all the activities and endeavours that we do. We will 
be investing significantly more into the movement into AI. We think that 
we need to be technologically ready for any disruption that will occur both 
within industries, within companies as well as in the market in general. 
And we will provide these updates in the coming quarters as well as 
growth in our order book and enquiry books. So, thank you again and 
goodbye. 
 

 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Triveni Turbines 
Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, consistency 
with published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some cases it may be 
incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such 
inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event but should not be treated as 
an authoritative record. 
 
 
