Sonata Software Limited - SSL 
Registered Office: 208, T V Industrial Estate, 2nd Floor, S K Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 030 
Corporate Office: Tower-A, Sonata Towers, Global Village (Sattva Global City), RVCE Post, Kengeri Hobli,  
Mysore Road, Bengaluru - 560059, India 
CIN: L72200MH1994PLC082110 
            W: www.sonata-software.com  
             E: info@sonata-software.com 
             T: +91 80 6778 1000 
 
 
 
 
18th May, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai   
Kind Attn:  Manager, Listing Department 
Stock Code – SONATSOFTW 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  
Kind Attn: Manager, Listing Department 
  Stock Code - 532221         
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF ANALYSTS/INVESTORS CALL 
REF: REGULATION 46(2)(OA) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 
 
Further to our disclosures dated 4th May, 2026 and 11th May, 2026, please find enclosed Transcript of 
Analyst/Investor call of the Company held on 11th May, 2026. The same is also made available on the website 
of the Company at https://www.sonata-software.com/about-us/investor-relations. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Sonata Software Limited 
 
 
 
 
Mangal Kulkarni  
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer and Head Legal  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Mangal 
Krishnarao 
Kulkarni
Digitally signed by 
Mangal Krishnarao 
Kulkarni 
Date: 2026.05.18 
16:16:31 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Sonata Software Limited 
Analyst & Investor Conference Call for Q4 FY 2026” 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRIKAR REDDY – EXECUTIVE VICE CHAIRMAN 
MR. RAJSEKHAR DATTA ROY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – INTERNATIONAL SERVICES 
MR. SUJIT MOHANTY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
DOMESTIC BUSINESS 
MR. JAGANNATHAN CN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. SHILPA KOLHATKAR – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Hello, everyone. My name is Inba, and I will be moderating today's session. Welcome to the 
Sonata Software Limited’s Analyst and Investor Conference call for Q4 and FY2026 ended 
March 31, 2026.  
 
We have with us today on the call Mr. Srikar Reddy, Executive Vice Chairman of the 
company, Mr. Rajsekhar Datta Roy, CEO of International Services, Mr. Sujit Mohanty, CEO 
of Domestic Business, and Mr. Jagannathan CN, Chief Financial Officer. We also have our 
extended leadership team on the call.  
 
Please know that there will be an opportunity for all the participants to ask questions after the 
management’s opening remarks. Please note that this call is being recorded. During the call, 
please note that the management may make certain forward-looking statements that involve 
risks, assumptions and are based on information currently available to the management. 
Sonata does not undertake any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements that 
may be made in course of this call. We advise participants to exercise discretion while making 
any investment decisions.  
 
We will begin with the opening remarks from the Executive Vice Chairman, followed by a 
business overview and financial highlights. After that, we will open the floor for questions. 
With that, I hand over the call to Mr. Srikar Reddy for his opening remarks. Over to you Sir! 
Srikar Reddy: 
Good evening, everybody, and thanks for attending the call, and welcome to the analyst call. 
Before you hear from the management team on the financial performance and their view of 
the future outlook and the plans, we felt that is important from Board’s perspective to share 
our views on the leadership transition. Since Samir Dhir expressed his inability to extend his 
contract beyond the current contract period, the Board had to take a call on the succession.  
 
As you know, the Board has appointed Rajsekhar Datta Roy as the CEO with the main focus 
on the international business, the reasons are many, Raj has been with the company for greater 
than 30 years, he understands the culture and the DNA of the Company, focused on 
customers, employees, and investment in new technologies. Raj has also held multiple roles 
in the organization, including business development, as the Chief Technology Officer, and as 
the Chief Delivery Officer. He has also been a primary architect of Sonata’s AI strategy built 
on the Harmoni concept. As the tech world is adopting itself to the new paradigm shift to the 
AI space, we believe Raj is the right leader to lead the Company into the new world of AI. 
The Board is extremely confident on his leadership and the rest of the leadership of the 
Company to take it to the next level in terms of transforming the Company and adopting the 
new strategies aimed on AI. The Board is also fully supportive of the management and will 
continue to assist, help, and guide the management wherever required. Thank you for your 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
continued support. I will now hand over the mic to the management to make their 
presentations. Thank you all again. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Thank you, Srikar. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. I will 
provide the key updates on Q4 2026 and the FY2026 business and financial performance. 
Starting with international business, during the Q4, we benefited from few growth drivers. 
We clocked AI-led order book of $16.9 million in Q4 2026 and for the whole year it was $49 
million of order book, AI-led order book and now contributed to around 18% of overall order 
book. AI-led pipeline is $280 million as on Q4 2026.  
 
We are actively pursuing AI opportunities across 100 plus clients, helping them unlock the 
value through operational efficiency gain, time to market through enhanced velocity and 
customer experience and transformation of business model.  
 
We secured two large deals in Q4 FY2026 of total. For FY2026, we had total of eight large 
deals, with a major global Fintech company as a part of program, Sonata will execute their 
modernization of core banking platform and AI led-implementation to unify their user’s 
experience, enable better institutional customer experience and faster outcomes for their 
clients. 
 
With Sonata, the software holding company backed by a PE Firm focused on acquiring and 
scaling founder owned vertical B2B SaaS companies, this is a multi-year managed services 
cloud support contract across Java. We added seven new customers in Q4 2026.  
 
In FY2026, total 23 new customers have been added. Top 10 clients contributed revenue 
share of 54%. Number of clients greater than 5 million run rate stood at 12 in Q4 2026. 
Number of clients greater than 3 million to 5 million revenue stood at 9 in Q4 2026, up by 
one number from Q3 2026. Q4 2026 order book stood at $95 million, with book-to-bill ratio 
of 1.16x.  
 
We remain confident that our investment verticals, healthcare, HLS, and Banking Financial 
services, together, these two verticals now contribute 30% of our total revenue in Q4 2026. 
Total headcount stood at 6283 in Q4 2026 against 6404 in Q3 2026, with attrition of 11%. 
90% of workforce is AI trained. On-site and offshore revenue mix stood at 32% to 68% in 
Q4 2026 against Q3 of 37% to 63%.  
 
Utilization reported as this quarter is 91.8% in Q4 compared to 90% in Q3 2026. 
 
Let us now walk through our financial performance for Q4 and FY2026 for international 
services. In Q4 2026, USD revenue stood at Rs.82.4 million, flattish quarter-on-quarter. In 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
constant currency terms, it represents a growth of 0.6 % quarter-on-quarter. Rupee revenue 
stood at Rs.779.2 Crores, growth of 5.5% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA before other income 
and forex for Q4 FY2026 improved to 20.2% up 70 basis points from 19.5% in Q3 2026. This 
EBITDA accretion is primarily driven by operational improvements across delivery 
reflecting better delivery efficiency and cost optimization. Utilization improved to 91.8% up 
from 90% in Q3 2026.  
 
As informed previously, our utilization and headcount levels were driven by sustainable 
productivity improvement and operational efficiency in delivery enabled by AI adoption, 
differentiated AI solution, agentic implementation across projects. Our offshore revenue mix 
improved to 68% from 63% in Q3 2026. We also benefited from pyramid optimization and 
price increases. Forex fluctuation was beneficial in quarter-on-quarter, and all these levers 
were partially offset by higher AI led CSP bundle deal cost. EBITDA after other income and 
forex for Q4 2026 stood at Rs.183.8 Crores, growth of 25.2% quarter-on-quarter and 50.9% 
year-on-year. In Q4 2026, PAT stood at Rs.84.2 Crores, growth of 40.6% quarter-on-quarter 
and 35% year-on-year.  
 
Reported ROCE and RONW for the quarter stood at 24.5% and 30.3% respectively. 
International services DSO for Q4 2026 reported at 64 days against 71 days in Q3 2026. In 
FY2026 our international services dollar revenue stood at $328.4 million, a degrowth of 2.1% 
year-on-year. The Rupee revenue stood at Rs.2,948 Crores, growth of 4.2% year-on-year. 
EBITDA before other income and forex for FY2026 stood at 18.4%, 1.4% accretion 
compared to 17% in FY2025. EBITDA after other income and forex for FY2026 stood at 
Rs.607.7 Crores, growth of 18% year-on-year. FY2026 the PAT stood at Rs.292.7 Crores, 
growth of 18.7% year-on-year. 
 
Now let me provide an update on domestic business. Despite headwinds from one large client 
renewal this year due to direct MS relationship, we continue to make a good progress in 
financial performance. Revenue for Q4 2026 stood at Rs.1759.2 Crores. This may reflect a 
degrowth of 25% Q-o-Q and 8.3% year-on-year growth. Gross contribution for Q4 2026 
stood at Rs.75.3 Crores, degrowth of 1% quarter-on-quarter and degrowth of 3.9% year-on-
year. PAT for Q4 2026 stood at Rs.46.3 Crores, growth of 3.9% quarter-on-quarter and 
growth of 2.5% year-on-year.  
 
DSO for Q4 2026 is 47 days compared to 42 days in Q3 2026. Reported ROCE and RONW 
for the quarter stood at 43.5% and 39% respectively. Domestic business, revenue for FY2026 
stood at Rs.7772.1 Crores, growth of 5.9% year-on-year. Gross contribution for FY2026 
stood at Rs.288.7 Crores, degrowth of 3.5% year-on-year. PAT for FY2026 stood at Rs.171.7 
Crores, degrowth of 3.6% year-on-year. 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Update on the consolidated business now. For the quarterly update, consolidated revenue for 
Q4 2026 stood at Rs.2536.2 Crores, degrowth of 17.7% quarter-on-quarter and degrowth of 
3.1% year-on-year. PAT for Q4 2026 stood at Rs.130.5 Crores, growth of 25% Q-o-Q and 
21.4% year-on-year. Reported ROCE and RONW for the quarter stood at 28.1% and 32.5% 
respectively. Consolidated revenue for FY2026 stood at Rs.10,701.2 Crores with growth of 
5.4% year-on-year. PAT for FY2026 stood at Rs.464.4 Crores in FY2026 compared to 
Rs.424.7 Crores in FY2025. Consolidated EPS reported for FY2026 stood at 16.74 per share 
against last year 15.3 per share. We have recommended a final dividend of 4.15 per share. 
 
Update on cash flow. Cash generation remains strong during the year with a closing cash 
balance of Rs.606 Crores and a net cash position positive of Rs.31 Crores, a significant 
improvement from Q3 FY2026.  
                                            To conclude, in a difficult year characterized by macroeconomic challenges and client ramp 
down, Sonata displayed a resilient performance by growing PAT 18.7% year-on-year for 
International and 9.3% for consolidated business for FY2026.  
 
We also were able to win and ramp up few large deals during the year, which gave us some 
tailwinds as we enter the new financial year. Our Q4 2026 performance continued to reflect 
disciplined execution and continued progress across our strategic priorities. The benefits from 
AI-led productivity initiatives are becoming increasingly visible across delivery and 
enterprise operations concerning our confidence in driving sustainable efficiency over a long-
term period. Our endeavor will be to maintain EBITDA at a similar level.  
 
While the macro environment continues to remain dynamic and client decision cycles remain 
elongated, we are encouraged by momentum in our pipeline, especially around digital and 
AI-led transformative initiative. We remain cautiously optimistic and expect gradual 
improvement and growth over the medium term. I now hand over to Raj for his commentary 
on international business. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Thank you Jagan and thank you everyone for joining us today. It is an absolute honor to 
address you for the first time as a Chief Executive Officer of this Company focusing largely 
on the international business. Having spent three decades here at Sonata and have worked in 
various roles from business development, technology, delivery, and recently as a Chief 
Technology Officer and Chief Delivery Officer, I fairly understand the business, the clients, 
the employees, and the culture very well and I think it provides a unique opportunity for all 
of us to build on the foundation that has already been laid and what the opportunity is 
presented in front of us.  

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
I think we proudly inherited Company with very strong customer relationships, depth of 
engineering, operational discipline, which has been at core, our culture with people and how 
we operate and these strengths will remain central as we move forward and will also continue 
to guide us as we go to the next phase of growth. At the same time, I think it is important to 
also appreciate the context in which we are operating.  
 
One, I think, is technology shift that we are seeing with AI and the various opportunities as 
well as the headwinds it presents and I think that is an interesting area and we will talk more 
as we go along.  
 
Second is the macroeconomic environment and the uncertainty that it presents but one thing 
is for sure is that AI is now on top of the agenda of every enterprise and how they are trying 
to utilize to leverage in each of their business context. Our point of view is that all 
organizations will reimagine how they operate, how they use technology with AI and the need 
to adapt and evolve will be faster than before. The speed will go up in the midterm in terms 
of the velocity, what we call the enterprise velocity, and that will lead to demand, especially 
where organizations move from system of record intelligence to system of autonomous 
action. This presents multiple opportunities for Sonata, and I think we are well positioned 
today because of a few things that I want to mention.  
• 
Number one, I think is our strategic and long-term relationship with clients, which 
we intend to strengthen partner, we are working with many of them already on their 
AI initiatives, and I think that will only benefit us going forward.  
• 
Number two is our mix of business. I think predominantly we have a larger part of 
engineering versus managed services, and we see the need for engineering and the 
speed that it needs from delivering value to the customer and driving more demand 
in that space.  
 
Third is our size. That gives us a unique position to have more headroom to grow even in this 
situation. We also have invested over the last year or more on building capabilities, I think 
our people have largely been certified about 90%. We have built differentiated capability with 
Harmoni.AI and AgentBridge and that shows in the pipeline increase that we have in the AI-
led opportunities. We also have a strong partnership ecosystem. Microsoft, of course and 
AWS and others and that also gives us confidence that we are well positioned. 
 
Going forward, I think there are value pools where I think we can be very well positioned and 
one is to how to reimagine the business processes in the context of AI. Second is the legacy 
modernization and how do we modernize legacy applications and platforms. Also around 
SaaS, around environments that is going to unlock value for our clients and how do you 
transform our delivery into an AI-led delivery?  

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
We have made progress on that already, and I think we can accelerate that much faster and 
of course, the responsible first AI services that are needed more and more as people adopt AI. 
So these are important value pools that Sonata can distinctly operate in.  
 
Going forward, I think we will strengthen this further and you will see us looking at new 
ecosystem partnerships and in focusing on certain verticals and subsegments and at the 
intersection of subsegments and the partnership will have a very differentiated potent 
capability to take to the market and that will be a focus as we build on this.  
 
We will continue to invest on our capabilities, workforce readiness, ecosystem partnerships 
to enable this and my focus lies is that in the understanding of where the market is headed 
and remain confident on how we can proactively position the Company to get best of the 
opportunities that lies ahead of us.  
 
My immediate focus is to first ensure continuity and that we continue to be deeply focused 
on our short term priorities, strengthen further our client relationships, accelerate the delivery 
transformation to be AI led, and build a roadmap for the AI capabilities and not the last, but 
one of the most important is to continue to drive our operational improvement momentum 
that we have built in recent times. I thank you very much for your continued trust and 
partnership, and look forward to the next chapter together positively. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Sir may we open the lines for questions now? 
Shilpa Kolhatkar: 
Shilpa here Inba. Mr. Sujith is going to take a few minutes to talk about domestic business. 
Post that we can open the line, please. Go ahead Sujit! 
Sujit Mohanty: 
Thanks everybody for joining this call. Our domestic product business continues to 
demonstrate resilience and relevance in a dynamic market environment. You know, despite 
facing the headwind due to one of our OEM partners starting direct billing with some selected 
large customers, we continue to make good progress in our business.  
 
Revenue for Q4 FY2026 stood at Rs.1759 Crores. Gross contribution is at Rs.75.3 Crores and 
PAT for Q4 FY2026 stood at Rs.46.3 Crores, which is a growth of 3.9% quarter-on-quarter. 
We are making steady progress across the strategic pillars, which you have spoken before.  
 
We are expanding our market coverage and we are having a sharper focus on the SMC and 
corporate segment. We have grown this business around 27% year-on-year. We have 
broadened our partnership with other hyperscalers and OEM partners. We are executing 
multiple GTMs with each of these hyperscalers. We are also expanding our business related 
to tools and platform offering from OEM partners other than the hyperscalers. We are also 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
focusing on large hybrid system integration deals that integrate physical server storage and 
other ISP infrastructure, including IT security with leading cloud platforms. These strategic 
bets are core to building a more diversified, resilient, and future ready business for us.  
 
In accordance with the current interest for the use of artificial intelligence in most of the 
enterprises, along with our OEM partners, their AI tools and platform offerings, we are 
working with most of our customers in their AI initiative. We are setting up their AI 
infrastructure, implementing and helping them in using the AI tools and working with them 
in building the AI user cases and POCs. Over the first few quarters, we have remained focused 
on strengthening the quality of our economics, deepening strategic customer relationship, and 
building scalable cloud-led managed services capabilities.  
 
Overall, we remain confident in the direction of the domestic business. Our focus is not only 
on the growth, but on building a diversified, scalable, and future ready business with 
sustainable value creation for customers, shareholders, employees, and partners. With this, 
let me hand over to the moderator for question and answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now move to the Q&A segment. 
To ensure we provide space for as many participants as possible, we request you to limit 
yourselves to two questions per turn. For participants connected on Zoom, please click on the 
raise hand icon located at the bottom toolbar on your screen. When called upon, you will 
receive a prompt to unmute. For participants connected via telephone call, to join the queue, 
please press star nine on your telephone keypad. When it is your turn, you will be prompted 
to unmute by pressing star 6. Please state your name and Company name before asking your 
questions. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles.  
 
We will take the first question from Dipesh Mehta of Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions. Just first want to get sense about the 
tweaking in the strategy planned in IITS business. Can you help us understand what would 
be the focus area of investment, partly you covered in your prepared remark, but if you can 
elaborate further in terms of vertical and subvertical where you I think indicated some of the 
subvertical kind of strategy, so vertical and subvertical where we intend to make investment 
and how one should look at it from medium term perspective and if you can touch upon also 
M&A in that part, how M&A fit into overall growth strategy. Second question is about the 
overall IIT’s growth performance perspective, I think last four quarter largely remained flat 
is between 0% to 1% kind of growth rate. How one should look growth trajectory there? 
Earlier the growth was impacted for a couple of client specific issues as well as RMD vertical 
kind of challenges, can you provide some update on some of the challenges how we expect it 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
to play out and last question is about the overall if I look let us say last four quarters there is 
a significant movement across vertical and GTM or service line so there is a sharp volatility 
kind of thing can you provide broad sense on near term demand trend and any specific 
headwind across this vertical and GTM which we report and which vertical likely to lead the 
growth? Thank you. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Raj will you take the call? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Yes. Thank you, Jagan and let me give you a quick commentary, I think, on where we are 
thinking. You will appreciate that it is about, I think, 15 days since I have just taken over, but 
I will give you a preliminary direction on where we are looking at. I think we will continue 
to have the verticals that we have. So we will have continuity on the verticals. What we will 
do is will sharpen focus on particular areas of the vertical where we are strong and where we 
see the demand growing. I think that is what it is. The exact specificity of which areas are 
something that we will formulate in the next couple of months and then we will provide you 
an update in detail about that. Number two is on investments that you have worked. I think 
we will expand on building our offerings and capability, both in terms of go-to-market 
capabilities that we have that we will invest in, aligned to this strategy of subverticals. We 
will look at new partnerships as we go forward, while it might take some time to fructify, but 
new partnerships and third is how do we build on differentiated capabilities in delivering with 
AI. I think there are three large buckets that we are looking on going forward, but as I said 
we will provide more specific thing in a couple of months from now. The second thing was 
around growth. I think we continue to maintain resilience in the short term and have the 
current momentum continuing for now. As we move forward and as we move forward and 
make some of these changes, we will come back and update you on further. The good part of 
this is that we see a healthy pipeline on AI-led opportunities that is coming up and our focus 
will be that how to quickly convert them and convert them into revenues, but despite the 
macroeconomic and general challenges that we face with clients in terms of decision making 
and stuff. The third point that you mentioned is about how we look at what is driving, which 
verticals are going to drive. I think we still see growth being driven by our technology. BFSI 
and HLS in the short term as we try and see how to bring back RMD into the growth path. 
Thank you. 
Jagannathan CN: 
So to add to Raj’s update on the business, on the M&A front, we are looking for, in case there 
is an opportunity come for us with a good prospect in the particularly new technology area, 
we may evaluate for it, but at present, we do not have any plan specifically to grow the 
business through the M&A leverage. We will wait for a couple of more quarters, and in the 
medium term, we may open up this further. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thank you. I have a couple of more. I will come up in follow-up. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from Amit Chandra of HDFC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is in the continuation of what the earlier 
participant asked. So last year, last few quarters, there were few client-specific issues, 
specifically in the retail, also in healthcare and largely in the BFSI vertical that we are facing 
that impacted the growth. For the full year, FY2026, BFSI was the vertical which had the 
maximum damage and we have seen some stability there. So, if you can elaborate more on 
how we are planning to scale up the BFSI and also you mentioned about the sub verticals 
within BFSI. So, which subverticals are we focusing and we also had some tail winds in the 
BFSI vertical. So, how to look at the growth coming back in the BFSI and is it also coming 
from existing clients or we are hunting for new clients in the vertical? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
I think three questions, Amit, that we had. Yes, I think we had issues in the past with some 
of the verticals, RMD, BFSI that you mentioned, some client specific issues. I think we are 
largely behind us today on those issues and we need to build it, but that said, I think BFSI is 
still under pressure and we need to be clear that there might be further pressures in existing 
clients for contraction, if any, but not very significant as we see. The second thing is on your 
subvertical focus like I mentioned that we will work on this further we have a view today, but 
we want to validate that and then we will come back and provide you those inputs as we get 
build further clarity amongst ourselves. The number three is, I think, on how do we see 
growth. So I think in the short term, looking at all the decision making cycles and what we 
have, I think we will continue to mend in a similar growth trajectory in the short term as we 
build for future. I think the new wins are in a very interesting financial services space, largely 
in payments area and that remains an interesting opportunity for us because we are helping 
them modernize some of their core system in providing a unified client experience and that 
definitely will be something that will help us consolidate in the payment space. So that is the 
quick summary. 
Amit Chandra: 
Sir we have seen TMT coming back in this quarter and obviously it has been the strength of 
Sonata. How are we seeing this spending from the topline there? if you can give some picture 
in the sense that, how do you see spending coming back there or the AI led benefits that, all 
the pass through is now behind or we can see, some increased spends or some increased 
engagement with the top client in the TMT vertical? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
I think, interesting question, Amit, on the top client in the TMT vertical. Yes, I think we see 
a little bit of upturn now from them and I think we should look at it on that client, but as with 
some of these clients I think it changes and there are some recent developments. So we need 
to watch out how much of that is sustainable. We are watching this very, very carefully that 
whatever we are seeing, the upturn is actually sustainable. Number two is we are trying to 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
pivot to areas where the spends are going up versus the spends which were getting 
cannibalized so as to speak and I think that is working out but we still need to see as you 
might know, that some of these things, their financial year and our funds is shortly coming 
up and we need to see what this means and is this sustainable, so we are watching this out 
carefully, but we have a slight upturn. 
Amit Chandra: 
The last question is on the margins obviously we have been able to scale up the margins that 
we have talked about earlier and in terms of utilization we are operating at the max utilization 
like levels so now that we have reached the margins that we desire to so can we expect some 
increased investments in the business for growth or we are planning to keep the margins at 
this level unless we have the clarity for growth and what is the medium term margins that we 
are likely to operate in? 
Jagannathan CN: 
I will take this call. Amit, the margins, we are evaluating the options for the investment. We 
will continue to do investment because the growth, particularly the transformation to AI will 
continue to happen for us and which has had very good traction. If you see the order book 
levels have become 18% of our total order book. We have progressed very well. We will 
continue to invest on this. Our efficiencies and utilization have reached the best possible place 
where it can be. We will continue to invest. We will continue to monitor. We will, for the 
short run, we will have a similar kind of margin. So we will see based on the requirements 
for the future growth, we will definitely be open for investments and for the growth to come 
in future. 
Amit Chandra: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take our next question, we would like to remind participants to ask a 
question, you may click on the raise hand icon or if you connected via telephone call, you 
may press star 9. We will take our next question from Praveen Kumar from Equitas Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. The first one was on the disclosure 
on the large deal pipeline. If I compare the current quarters number at 11 to the previous 
quarters, which used to be in the 28 to 32 kind of a range, that seems to be a sharp drop off 
in the large deals pipeline on the international business, so can you throw some light on what 
is happening there? Why the sharp drop off? and is there any specific issue that you would 
like to call out here? That is the first question. Thank you. 
Shilpa Kolhatkar: 
So if you look at the large deal pipeline, it continues to be strong. I think the overall trajectory 
has not changed. The reason pipeline would have come down is because we have announced 
two large deals this quarter, if you have seen one of the prepared commentaries. So that is the 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
reason in the short run there will be a drop there, but overall pipeline momentum and the 
count of large deals, as you can see on that investor deck, continues to be strong. Thank you. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Sorry, I am confused a little bit because in the previous quarters, the number used to be around 
28, 32 or in that range, right, now, even if I account for a couple of deals converting the deal, 
the large deal pipeline, which have disclosed the numbers, if I add up that is 11. So that is 
quite a sharp drop off, right? So I am not 100% clear on what you are implying. 
Jagannathan CN: 
No, this is just to add a flavor to it. It is not a particular point of time what is the open large 
deals we are just reflecting on this? The number from this time, March 31 to now, it is already 
still being done. During the year-end time, you would have converted many of the deals into 
a large deals and then subsequently it is getting added more and more on this. It is just a point 
of time it does not reflect anything on a pipeline now overall. 
Praveen Kumar: 
I understood. Second question was on the domestic business. So we understand the challenges 
that are there from the large, large client going direct, etc., so how do we see that panning out 
and when do we see the domestic business returning to growth on a gross contribution basis 
and on a beta basis? 
Sujit Mohanty: 
So hi, Praveen. This is Sujit. So you could have seen last financial year, we started with this 
little bit of headwind, where we lost one of our largest customer, but you could have seen 
over the last four quarters, we have almost covered up the whole loss and as we stand today, 
we believe that during this fiscal year we should be back to our growth trajectory. Thank you. 
Praveen Kumar: 
I understand. Thanks for the clarification. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We would like to remind our participants, if you wish to ask a question, you may 
click on the raise hand icon again. Participants connected via telephone call, may please enter 
star and nine. We will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We take the 
next question from Bharat Gulati from Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. Mr. Gulati, could 
you please unmute your microphone and ask your question? 
Bharat Gulati: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions from my side. So firstly, just wanted 
to understand on the margin trajectory on the international business. In the short term, you 
said it would be stable, so do we expect these utilization levels to sustain at this 91.8% to 
92% range or just trying to understand what is going to drive this constant margin trajectory? 
Jagannathan CN: 
So we have guided that will be in a similar kind of a margin. With respect to utilization, 
depending on the business requirements, utilization may come down a little bit because we 
have reached the best possible situation for us in the utilization frame, but going forward also, 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
if the operational improvements because of the adoption of AI and agentic AI will continue 
to help us to maintain the margins in the business trajectory what is coming in. Our onsite 
offshore mix is also one of the best at present situation. So we will be able to maintain the 
similar margin over a period of time. In case it requires additional investment for the growth 
we are open for it. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it and just on the domestic business, just wanted to add on to the last participant’s 
question. Just wanted a clarification on, are we keeping our outlook intact to get growth that 
we historically had in that segment of our business and how do we look at our existing 
business in that segment given that direct competition has come in and how are customers 
panning out? 
Sujit Mohanty: 
On the direct competition from the OEM partners, I think, see, as a policy, they have not 
given anything in writing but as per our understanding, we do not see that we will be losing 
any further of our large customers that is point number one. Point number two, even if now 
some customers are going to be directly billed, because they are not in the top 20 to 30 list, 
materially it will not impact that much, if at all it happens. But as I said, as for our 
understanding of the current situation, our understanding, though we have Microsoft India 
talking about their future policies, we do not see any further hit in the coming quarters. In 
fact, in the recent past, there are two to three customers who were in discussion regarding 
direct billing, but we worked with Microsoft and customers, and jointly we made sure that 
those customers finally signed through in a partner route through us. So this is where we start. 
So from a direct billing point of view, we are not expecting to lose much. I hope I have 
answered your question. 
Bharat Gulati: 
How do we see growth? I mean new customers. How do we see that addition and how do we 
see just on the growth front? Do we see that historical growth come back or will there be a 
slight impact to growth going forward? 
Sujit Mohanty: 
No I think in one or two quarter we will be back to our old growth rate and see during this 
old four quarters it is not that we are not winning other customers are not adding business, it 
is just the fact that such a large customers were with us almost for 15 to 16 years. We had 
built up a huge business. You know the impact was such high that we took a few quarters to 
cover it up and I just mentioned a few minutes back, we have almost covered it up. So we are 
hopeful and we are very confident that this financial year, we will be back to our business. 
Thank you. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Fair enough Sir. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from Dipesh Mehta of Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just want to understand the domestic business. Earlier we 
indicated about one client impact in last November and another client in H2O of FY2027 are 
we indicating that another client hit which was supposed to happen is unlikely to play out 
now and that gives us confidence about growth on sustainable basis from here on and second 
question on the margin, how one should look that business because when we indicated earlier 
about expansion to new client as well as new partnership usually it starts at either break even 
or loss, so which could have a ramification or margin trajectory. So if you can address both 
of these questions? Thank you. 
Sujit Mohanty: 
Thanks Deepak. So as I just mentioned for the previous question, we are not anticipating to 
lose any further customers to direct bidding that is, just to answer your first part of the 
question. Now, coming to the growth and, the future business. So, we will continue to have 
our GTMs, we will continue to have our existing customers, we have our plan to get new 
customers. So, the future business will be as usual and we do not expect any further hit? Is 
there anything? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So margin I was more interested because the new business may come at lower margin that 
was the expectation. 
Sujit Mohanty: 
From the margin point of view in our business when you go for very large deals as you said 
very rightly that when you enter to the contract there is a chance that you work or you operate 
at a very, very low margin or almost nil margin, but that is built into our business plan and 
we have a mix of existing customers, what we call the farming, and then we have a plan every 
year for new auditions, which you go for the hunting. We have a mix of these two businesses 
and, the earning of low margin for the new business, which comes from new acquisition and 
complete accounts, that is already built into the business. So when we say that we are going 
to have a regular growth during this financial year that has already been taken into account 
and the second point is that also we keep changing our business nature in terms of, from a 
pureplay resale to get into a little bit of system integration, multi-cloud management. So this 
is how the business is also changing and these are the requirements from the customers as 
they are also becoming much more experienced in operating under multi cloud situation. So 
multi cloud management, security management, all these become a part of additional services, 
which we have already started providing. So because of all these things, we are very confident 
that the margin situation from the market, we can handle it. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Dipesh, just to add a point to that, what it is highlighting is this is not changing the business 
model substantially what it was last year to current year. This is the situation for us for a long 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
period of time, and we know how to handle it over a period of time and the entry level margin 
may not reflect the sustained margin for the business. Later, we add services, we add other 
components of it, and keep expanding on and mine the account much, much deeper. So in 
this business, the current situation exists in the past and this exists in the current situation 
also. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand and last question is about the IITs just want to get sense on the dynamics part that 
business remain relatively weak through the year and the same on data part, so if you can 
provide on the revenue by GTM what we disclosed. Debtor it was expected it to be very 
strong growth kind of thing but somehow it remained under pressure so if you can give some 
perspective on data and dynamics these two GTM? Thank you. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
Thank you, Dipesh and I think two questions. I think dynamics growth remains very, very 
important to us and we continue to be in the top level partnership with Microsoft and as we 
go forward, we will further strengthen our dynamics go-to-market as AI business solution, 
and so that remains our key focus as a part of the go forward strategy. We have interesting 
pipeline which has come up with dynamics with AI recently, and we are looking forward to 
convert them to get some tailwind as we move forward. As far as data goes, it has largely 
been contributed by the BFSI, one particular client ramp down, and a little bit by the RMD 
client ramp down, but thereafter, I think we are building good market with data. I think one 
of the things with AI, the opportunity is that what the data for AI, and we are creating a data 
product for AI as a data source, and that will help drive further momentum as we go forward, 
but that also remains a focus. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We now move to our next question. That is a follow-up from Praveen Kumar of 
Equitas Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Praveen Kumar: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. I had a quick follow-up on the international business. I 
think over the last several quarters, the management has called out lengthening deal decision 
cycles and broader macro and today, again, Raj in his commentary has called it out. So just 
wanted to understand that, given that Sonata has had a significant AI focus and significant AI 
readiness over a period of time, and given the modest size of the business, what are the 
hindrances in terms of getting more traction in this, even in this kind of an environment, if 
you could throw some light on that? Thank you. 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
I think, all the three points, AI definitely presents an opportunity at our size and I called it out 
when we made the initial commentary. The decision making cycles is, I think, to for clients 
largely on AI has been on to take the larger plunges rather than experimentation. We are 
seeing green shoots of that coming up, especially in the engineering space, but yet I think the 
decision making continues to be elongated, not so much by technology or what it can do, but 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
the macro environment in which the client is. I think that is the inhibiting factor. With that 
said, we will continue to further strengthen our capability because at the end of this, I think 
AI will demand, will grow up in the medium term and Sonata will be more ready in its focus 
areas to address that growth opportunities. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ashis Dash of Mirae Asset Securities India. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashis Dash: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I would like to understand your thoughts around FY2027 
growth outlook. So in the previous call, basically, we highlighted that in TMT vertical, the 
non-engineering segment continues to face the budget pressure and also, we saw in FY2026, 
BFSI declined significantly and basically the companies in IT services space basically talking 
about there is spending remains healthy in the BFSI side, so I would like to understand the 
outlook of BFSI and TMT as well as the overall growth outlook for FY2027? 
Rajsekhar Datta Roy: 
So I think on the BFSI, it was largely affected by one large client ramp down and that showed 
rather than the BFSI in other customers continued to be in similar trajectory. Two parts there 
is of the answer. One part of the answer, I think the recent deal win, in the BFSI should further 
help us grow in BFSI and we are also seeing some client ramp ups, especially as they 
modernize their application landscape with AI. I think that is a positive, but we also notice 
that some large clients have the economic situation is also leading to some contraction, so, 
we are watchful about it, but I think there is a slight tailwind because of the ramp ups and the 
new wind that we have that is on BFSI. As far as TMT goes, yes, I think we are seeing an 
increased traction in TMT, but I think we need to see how much sustainable it is as we grow 
and that is what we watch out for continuously, that it needs to be sustainable growth and so 
that it can be seen to continue as we grow forward. Largely, I think we see TMT, HLS, and 
BFSI still driving our goal as overall growth in FY2027 as well as RMD continues to recover. 
Ashis Dash: 
Thank you so much for answering my question. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sushovan Nayak of Anand Rathi. Sir, could you please 
unmute your connection and ask your question? Mr. Sushovan Nayak, you may enter star six 
and unmute your mic. Mr. Nayak, could you please unmute your microphone? 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Just two bookkeeping questions. One is on the capex, right? I think there is almost a 70% 
increase in the absolute value of the capex. Any particular reason on what is exactly there and 
what do we expect as a steady state? That is one and on the IT services business, the margins 
also, I think they have gone up 20%. What do we expect to be the steady state? Do you expect 
some improvements over and above this? I think these are the two questions. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Jagannathan CN: 
I will take this question. Both the capex is because we had to launch a new facility in Chennai 
for one large BFSI customer this is like a one-time activity, so hence there is an increase on 
the capex for the current quarter. However, this will not continue, and we do not have any 
plans of growing any other facility at present. So if there are any updates, we will come back 
to you. This is a very smaller facility kind of a situation. Earlier quarter, we did not have 
anything. We have optimized the facilities also as possible earlier. The next one is on a 
margin. Our endeavor is to maintain the EBITDA at the similar levels. We will continue to 
strive for it. However, if there is an opportunity for growth and that requires an investment, 
we are very much open for that. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Sir, can we take the first half capex annualized as the fair number for the capex going 
forward? Is that fair? 
Jagannathan CN: 
Yes, we can share that separately. Not expected. It will be in the similar levels of previous 
year. Overall year, not for the one quarter. One quarter into four is not a number whole year 
financially. 
Sushovan Nayak: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question for today. I turn the call back to Mr. Jagannathan CN 
for closing comments. 
Jagannathan CN: 
Thanks for that. In a difficult year characterized by macroeconomic challenges and client 
ramp down, Sonata displays a resilient performance by growing PAT by 18.7% year-on-year 
for international business and 9.3% on consolidated business level. We also were able to win 
and ramp up large, very few large deals during the year which gave us some tailwind as we 
enter the new financial year.  
 
Our Q4 2026 performance continues to reflect the disciplined execution and continued 
progress across our strategic priorities. The benefit from our AI-led productivity initiatives 
are becoming increasingly visible, and across delivery and enterprise operations, 
strengthening our confidence in driving sustainable efficiency over long term career. Our 
endeavor is to maintain the EBITDA at similar level, while macroeconomic environments 
continue to remain dynamic and client decision cycles remain elongated.  
 
We are encouraged by the momentum in our pipeline, especially around digital and AI-led 
transformation initiative. We remain cautiously optimistic, expect gradual improvement and 
growth over a medium term. Thank you all for joining for the call. Once again, thanks for all 
the support and continued confidence in Sonata Software. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
Sonata Software Limited 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the leadership team, I would 
like to thank you for your time and for your continued interest in Sonata Software. Should 
you have any follow up queries that were not addressed, please feel free to reach out to the 
investor relations team at investor@sonata-software.com. You may now click on leave button 
to exit the meeting. Thank you for your participation. Good bye. 
