 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: BLACKBUCK/CORP/2026-27/26 
May 21, 2026 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
To  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
                       Scrip Code: 544288, Scrip Symbol: BLACKBUCK, Series – EQ 
                                                           ISIN-  INE0UIZ01018 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted on May 19, 
2026. 
Ref: Disclosure under Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to Part A of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we hereby provide the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted 
on Tuesday, May 19, 2026 during 05:00 PM (IST) to 5:51 PM (IST). 
 
Enclosed is the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, which is also hosted on the website of the 
company. The link to access the transcript is provided below: 
 
https://a.blbk.in/Corporate_Announcement  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For BlackBuck Limited 
(Formerly known as Zinka Logistics Solutions Limited) 
 
 
 
_____________________ 
Barun Pandey 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A39508 
SIGN
BARUN 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by 
BARUN PANDEY 
Date: 2026.05.21 
16:56:18 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
BlackBuck Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji - Chairman, Managing Director and CEO  
Mr. Satyakam Naik - Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ms. Vinita Pandya (Raadhi Capital) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  2  of  19 
Moderator:  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  
Welcome to the Q4 and FY26 earnings conference of Blackbuck Limited hosted by 
Raadhi Capital. As a reminder, all attendees will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. If you 
have any questions, please feel free to press the raise hand button. We'll call you on 
in turn and unmute your line so you can speak.  
Important note, if you need to ask a question, please ensure Microsoft Teams has 
permission to access your microphone when you log in. Otherwise, you will not be 
able to unmute. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Kindly also note 
that the audio of the earnings call is a corporate material of Blackbuck Limited and 
cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in the PR media without specific and 
written consent of the company. Please note that anything said on this call that reflects 
the outlook towards the future, which can be construed as a forward-looking statement 
must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the company faces. A copy of the 
disclosure is available on the investor relations section of the website as well as on 
the stock exchanges. To give you an in-depth understanding of the company and 
answer all your queries, we have from the management side today, Mr. Rajesh Kumar 
Naidu Yabaji, Chairman, Managing Director and CEO and Mr. Satyakam, Chief 
Financial Officer. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Rajesh for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji (Chairman, MD & CEO):  
Thanks Vinita. Are you able to hear me? Is it clear? 
Moderator:  
Yes.  
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Cool. Thanks Vinita. Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. Welcome to our earnings 
call of the financial year 25-26 end and for the Q4 of FY26. As in every earnings call, 
just re-articulating what we're trying to build at Blackbuck. Blackbuck was founded 
about 11 years back to solve the trucking problem of the country. Any space you pick 
up within trucking has massive opportunities, massive inefficiencies because of the 
fragmented nature of the space and application and use of technology. There are 
possibilities to lift it out and put it in an orbit where a new world of trucking for India 
could be imagined. That is how the whole journey of Blackbuck started. We have toyed 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  3  of  19 
around with a lot of experiments in this space. As we speak, Blackbuck's definition 
today is nothing but all the experiments, all the successes we've got over the last 11 
years which has taught us a lot. We've learned a lot. And what has become is the 
largest digital platform for truckers in the country. We have close to about 8.5 lakh 
monthly transacting customers on an average across the whole financial year which 
roughly represents at a India level in excess of 25 to 30% close to of Indian truckers 
using this platform and they use this platform very deeply because the platform we 
have built has so many use cases solving for the trucker that he ends up spending 45 
minutes on our platform or our mobile app, Blackbuck daily. And because of the nature 
of the business nature of the customers, we have we've got a very strong offline 
presence having over 10,000 touch points on the ground through which we service 
through which we acquire and retain our customers that's the crux of what Blackbuck 
is and what we've built. 
Diving into a summary of numbers of last financial year on a Gross Income level we've 
done close to about 715 crores in total income which is growth of about 55% on a 
year-on-year basis. On a EBITDA basis we have done close to 190 crores which is a 
84% growth on a year-on-year basis. This is our first full year of profitability at a PAT 
level. We have done 160 crores in PAT in the full year financial FY 25-26. Not only the 
financial numbers, we continue to compound on our operating metrics which are the 
top of the funnel metrics for our revenues to grow and compound. We grew in our 
transacting customers by 13% on a year-on-year basis to close to 8.2 lakh monthly 
transacting customers across the whole year. Users who use more than two services 
who are our power users, we've compounded at 22% year on year. That's why you 
find the revenue to be compounding much stronger than the transacting customers 
because customers use more and more products on the platform. One of the leading 
metrics on payments vertical is Tolling. The GTV of tolling for us in the last full year 
grew at about 27% on a year-on-year basis in a very matured and penetrated industry 
largely driven by a strong product play and a distribution play. 
Speaking about the core highlights of this growth, more talking about the recent 
quarter of FY26, the last quarter Q4 FY26, year-on-year growth on the Q4FY26 basis, 
we did about close to 52% on a year-on-year basis. And if we split that into core and 
the newer businesses or the growth businesses, core businesses grew by about close 
to 30% on a year-on-year basis in the last quarter. On a full year, 34%. This business 
obviously on the back of the payments business which is tolling business grew at 27% 
which we spoke about in the GTV growth was 27% which we spoke about in the last 
slide as well which when you compare to the NETC CV growth which was about 16% 
so still driving 11 percentage points delta over the industry growth largely because of 
a strong product and largely because of the strong distribution. Overall business 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  4  of  19 
definitely has grown at a higher level largely because a stronger growth in the 
telematics business which continue to deliver strong sales numbers. Under telematics 
business we have different product categories where there is a basic GPS, basic 
vehicle tracking service. Then there is a AIS specialized vehicle tracking service which 
is largely driven through mandates. The sales of the AIS vertical doubled during the 
last quarter which was largely driven by mandates and largely driven by a strong 
distribution and a product play. So that's the narrative on the core business. 
Coming to the growth businesses on a year-on-year basis they grew roughly close to 
about 300% in the Q4 of last year. Largely there, the gross revenues are composed of 
the vehicle finance business and the super loads business. Super loads business the 
narrative continues to be the same. Our mature or let's say our first hubs of Bangalore 
and Hyderabad, we continue to scale, continue to double down and these continue to 
show signs of strength from a unit economics from a scale perspective. We had 
updated to you couple of quarters back that we started our business in 10 new cities. 
Most of those cities or all the cities are growing much faster than the earlier established 
cities and largely because of the network effects of existing customers relationships 
which we have activated in the older cities. They have translated to the business for 
these cities directly and the supply base which was activated on super loads in the 
existing cities continue to be leveraged and utilized in the new cities as well. So, that 
narrative continues to be the same and we're doing everything it takes to grow that 
faster. In the vehicle finance business, which is under the growth business a bit older 
business compared to super loads. There, this last two quarters were very strong in 
terms of disbursals for that particular business. The previous quarter we delivered a 
growth of 30%. On top of that the disbursal further grew by 25%. Definitely a 
seasonally strong quarter for that business but on top of that strong execution has led 
to driving this growth. Good part about the vehicle finance business under the growth 
business umbrella is that as you all know we basically are investing a lot of money in 
our growth businesses. A lot of money which we generate in the core businesses we 
are investing in the growth businesses. Vehicle finance business probably by the end 
of this financial year would no longer be in the investment mode and would start 
probably churning cash flows which will also enable us to move that into a core 
business kind of a trajectory from a narrative perspective. 
Moving forward, commentary on profitability, broadly following the trends of the last 
three quarters overall yearly growth in EBITDA has been at 84% which has moved to 
190 growth trajectory which we spoke about. On a recent quarter basis there the 
growth in profitability is 30% on a year-on-year basis and we delivered 50.2 crores of 
adjusted EBITDA in the last quarter. Largely the narrative if you cut across, the 
momentum and the quality of revenue growth and profitability growth has largely been 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  5  of  19 
consistent compared to the last 8 to 12 quarters in the core businesses regardless of 
a bit of unfavourable macro headwinds in the last quarter we continue to execute and 
deliver this profitability right. And even if you look at metrics like operating leverage in 
terms of translating the revenue growth moving into profits most of that is holding good 
in the core businesses as we speak. Moving into the newer businesses that's where 
we continue to step up our investments because these are in the rapid expansion 
phases. We are conducting multiple experiments, be it on the supply side, be it on the 
demand side, be it for faster scale up, be it for quality customer service, be it for 
maximizing profitability, be it for blitz scaling in certain customer segments. We are 
taking up most of these experiments parallelly which makes it imperative to add teams, 
add product and technology team members. This is also the area of strong 
investments in AI for us because super loads probably will be one of those businesses 
which will be an AI native business for us as we strongly execute this vertical. 
One area we wanted to give a heads up, I think this is something which is not a hidden 
topic, but everybody knows about this probably being in the heavy truck movement 
intercity movement which typically can feel the headwinds maybe quite early on 
compared to others right. So we believe that the west Asia conflict which is a 
widespread conflict not only for us but for the whole Indian economy will have short-
term headwinds with anticipated drag on trade movement and which obviously 
because most of our revenue comes from flow throughs but we continue to climb on 
our revenues that will be consistent but maybe create a drag on our short-term growth. 
Long-term growth profile, long-term projection of how operating metrics will play, 
around everything will largely remain same. Long-term retention rates long-term ARPU 
rates everything will be consistent, but I think in the short term there would be some 
headwind which we need to be watchful of. We need to be prepared into, and we are 
actively doing that. One small narrative on that which is a very direct impact is as you 
know that we have a fuel business which is basically built on top of the loyalty program 
which OMC's work on and they have suspended their loyalty program temporarily. 
That's a bad part. The good part is this has happened a bit of hiccups on this business 
segment has happened in the past as well. And some of this takes a bit of short time 
then it comes back but yes some of these minor headwinds you'll be facing. Some of 
this impact has already been absorbed in the last quarter's profitability and some of 
this impact will show up in the next quarter as well but again reiterating none of these 
is a structural change or none of these impacts long-term customer acquisition neither 
long on customer retention neither ARPUs. So that's the broad narrative on the 
business giving you a broad highlight on the P&L as we have narrated already on the 
top line 46% on a quarterly year-on-year basis on a full year basis 55%. Net revenue 
growth 31% on the recent quarter on a year-on-year basis. Adjusted EBITDA growth 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  6  of  19 
of 30% right and full year. As you can see here, adjusted EBITDA is 190 crores and 
PAT is 160 crores. And we've always given this narrative that our registered EBITDA 
mimics the free cash flow from operations. So, in the full year of financial year, we've 
delivered close to 185 -190 crores of free cash flow which has been a consistent trend 
of EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA to free cash flow conversion for us. And that's again 
on a registered EBITDA basis a growth of full year growth of 84% on a year-on-year 
basis. 
Broadly zooming out and giving you a 4-year view, broadly from the timeline we went 
public, so that it's easier to look at these trends because we articulated that this is sort 
of the business model which will be playing out. So, if you can see on a adjusted 
EBITDA basis from FY23 where we were in a strong user acquisition mode. We 
continue to be in a strong user acquisition mode, but the annuity revenues had not 
played out till then and that converted into roughly close to -6 crores in FY24 and then 
turned around a strong profitability on adjusted EBITDA of 23 crores last year that has 
moved up to 190 crores. So that's a fillip of close to 364 crores over a 3-year sort of a 
time period. Same thing on PAT is even more stark to observe from a negative of 290 
crores in FY23. That's a 450 crores turnaround in profitability in three financial years 
and that has been the trend and as we have accelerated in FY 25-26 into newer 
businesses we are investing. The core businesses will have a continuing follow-
through trend as you can see here but the growth businesses will consume money 
and in the overall basis we will have a balanced trade off of continuing to churn profits 
from core businesses and continuing to invest in the future so that we probably end 
up building a massively large company and massively transformative company in this 
space in the long term. Reiterating a strategy as I always explain, I personally take a 
pride in executing the same strategy every year because that also gives a testimony 
that the strategy articulated a year back largely was profound and sound and it helps 
us have a longer run through and our decisions stick with the test of time. 
So, strategy largely remains same that we have core businesses on tolling, fuelling, 
fuel sensor, vehicle tracking, AIS GPS and multiple experiments within the core 
businesses. The new businesses under core here the key focus will be to continue to 
compound on profitability which will be enabled through operating leverage. We'll 
continue to expand our market share. As the landscape continues to evolve because 
the space is attractive will continue to attract few players here and there. So, we will 
keep track of that, and we will not let the long-term picture go out and we will keep 
investing in this business as well. And while we've delivered consistent operating 
leverage in this business in the last two three quarters also, we've also stepped-up 
investments in core businesses as well. Last time I highlighted that I thought I will 
remind that again. In the growth businesses again the playbook is same we are betting 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  7  of  19 
on super loads and vehicle finance over here and classified continues to grow and we 
have an armoury of new experiments which we continue to do and these are the 
businesses we believe in with a very long-term potential and as we execute the road 
map continues to get clear the confidence on execution in these businesses continue 
to improve and some of these businesses if God's kind and we execute well will move 
into the left side of core businesses as we move into the next year. So simply put, 
doubling down on execution in the core and turning more and more innovative and 
stepping up investments on the growth businesses. That's a summary of the strategy 
for the next year as well. We will pause here and we can take questions. That's from 
my side. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We will now open the call for questions. Kindly raise your hand to ask a 
question. We will unmute your line. Please announce your name and organization 
name before you ask the question. And as a reminder, we request all the participant 
to restrict themselves to two questions and come back in the queue. The first question 
is from the line of Atul Borse. Atul, please go ahead. Unmute your line. 
Atul Borse:  
Hi team. Hope you can hear me. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is 
basically on the super load business while you have mentioned in the PPT that 
Bangalore and Hyderabad are showing strong unit economics. Do you want to 
elaborate a bit on this. Are these hubs operating on break even any quantifiable metric 
that you can share or highlight that's my first question. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I think largely it depends on it's a technology business enabled through manpower 
right so the cost the direct cost of business are manpower costs so largely upon 
tenuring of manpower people hit break even periods. So, more tenure manpower is 
definitely returns money to the company. Newly hired manpower does not. So, from 
that point of view, it's consistent right and upon continuous scalability the equation 
continues to hold. So that’s the strengthening unit economics part. When you launch 
a new business, you first reach an ability to plot a P&L for the business in the future. I 
think we are able to do that strongly and I think that's all we can share at this point in 
time. 
Atul Borse:  
Just on that phase are we continuing to invest in our existing cities as well for the 
manpower are we increasing manpower in those? 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  8  of  19 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Yes. We continue to scale teams rapidly in the existing cities also. If we stop that we 
can break even very fast but that's not the objective. 
Atul Borse:  
Okay. And in the vehicle financing piece could you shed some colour on what's the 
book size as of FY26. How much is on our books or let's say disbursal growth or ticket 
size growth. Any metrics you want to highlight? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Close to 600 crores is the assets managed by our partners overall in our books. About 
10 percentage is basically on our books. Their strategy remains constant. Basically, 
whenever we onboard a new partner for the new partner's confidence we do a co-
lending book together. And any new experiments so if you see our book large part of 
the book is new experiments as well. So, anything we want to launch, or we want to 
see we first perfected on our book. So, our book we will only use for newer experiments 
and to probably launch new partnerships. So, we continue to build the vehicle finance 
on asset light model as we have always articulated the last 3 years the strategy 
remains same. And as you always understand because we get a sourcing fee and 
then we get a operational fee continuously. So, as and when partners make more and 
more money from the book the absolute revenue made by us also increases. So, that's 
the broad nature of this business and the fixed costs if they get covered out this 
business will enter the break-even phase. 
Atul Borse:  
All right. If I can just squeeze last question. You have seen the improvement in your 
working capital days mainly because payable has increased. Where is that coming 
from? Is it mainly because of the super load business? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I'll ask to take this question. 
Satyakam:  
Working capital days always has been pretty robust for us. If you can see no 
receivables exceed more than 3 months. Everything comes in at least 50% of the 
revenues are received in advance for a year if you look at the telematics business. On 
the other businesses it's less than 30 days. On payables there's nothing much that is 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  9  of  19 
there. It's a very small number. Some of the purchase of telematics etc is what would 
be the AP that would have been built up but nothing material has changed. 
Atul Borse:  
Okay. Thank you. Those were my questions. Best of luck. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Raghav Mittal. Raghav, please unmute your line 
and go ahead. 
Raghav Mittal:  
Hi, good evening. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to touch upon Rajesh 
on the MLFF system that the government is now aggressively trying to target. The 
couple of pilots as per news articles has gone well and they're targeting 200 corridors 
in a couple of years and potentially nationwide roll out by 2029-30. So, can you just 
talk about MLFF being postpaid? Of course, you can also have a prepaid fast tag 
wallet, but how do you think about our relevance to our customers sort of reducing 
over time and how do we mitigate that? Thank you. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Basically, the whole framework of MLFF is on prepaid collection. That's point number 
one, right? Because in India small ticket sizes, post-paid and enforcement and the 
cost of collection of that is going to be very high and even now in the current framework 
if you pay later there's a penalty fee of double right. So, when you use the word 
postpaid first of all it'll be prepaid right and second is that in the MLFF construct right 
the way to understand is that there are two ecosystems. There's acquirer ecosystem 
and there is issuer ecosystem. 100 % of our revenues are from the issuer ecosystem. 
Right? The MLFF replaces the existing acquisition ecosystem to a MLFF based 
acquisition ecosystem which uses cameras and much better quality RFID readers. 
Right? So that's the construct and in the full scale roll out of MLFF as well the payment 
ecosystem the payments methodology is basically fast tag that is what has been 
articulated and that will continue. So, point number one the relevance of issuer 
ecosystem in terms of fast tag being the lead vector of conducting payments from the 
issuer side is going to be there forever. Now so that's base case right. Then the next 
context is MLFF graduating into a satellites-based system is basically the next thing. 
Even in that change the change is again on the acquirer ecosystem not on the issuer 
ecosystem. Even if you fast forward MLFF into the satellite GNSS based tolling era 
right. Now answering your question on in MLFF again right because MLFF again 
provides an opportunity on the acquisition side to enter because largely it's a 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  10  of  19 
telematics led capability with a technology stack led capability and being present in 
this ecosystem for a long period of time we as Blackbuck would be looking at keen to 
participate on the acquirer side right so that is something we are in talks with various 
players to discuss and see if we can jointly enter into some of these opportunities as 
we move forward. 
Raghav Mittal:  
That's very helpful just as a follow up, what percentage of MLFF payments today are 
prepaid is it 100% or is it lower because I might be wrong from what I read is yes 
there's a penalty if you don't complete the fine with the stipulated period but it's a post 
arrangement. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Whatever offline information we've received we believe 99% plus of the payments are 
prepaid. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Because if the tag doesn't have a balance it's considered as an offense as per the way 
it is defined and there is a penalty for it that you don't have a balance in your tag and 
you've crossed it. It's a penalization framework and not an encouragement of postpaid 
framework. 
Raghav Mittal:  
But how will you even check the tag because there is no barrier where you're stopping 
to check your tag. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
So, the whole gantry system which is created on top of the toll gate the RFID readers 
which erstwhile used to be very close to the RFID tag are now on top of these gantry 
systems number one. And number two is that they're using cameras to read the 
number plate and government with one vehicle on one fast tag has already 
implemented the unified mechanism where a truck or a car only has one fast tag. So, 
with this whole ecosystem they are able to achieve this high-level accuracy of 
collections. 
Raghav Mittal:  
Okay. And lastly what kind of partnerships are you exploring when it comes to the 
acquirer side of things? 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  11  of  19 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
We are in very early stages yes; we are in very early stages of exploring these once 
there is more concrete plan on this we would be happy to share. 
Raghav Mittal:  
Okay thank you so much all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you participants please announce your organization name before asking the 
question. Next question is from Mr. Ritwik Agarwal. Ritwik, please unmute your line 
and announce your organization name and go ahead. 
Ritwik Agarwal:  
Hi, my name is Ritwik. I'm from 3P Investment Managers. Just had one question 
wanted to understand more on the telematics business. Any updates on the number 
of telematic devices that we have now and how do we see the growth in this business 
going forward? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Telematics business growth, I'll give you some colour so that you will be able to get a 
feel of where the devices may be. Basically, if you split the business of telematics into 
three to four parts one is our core vehicle tracking device which is regardless of 
mandates which is a basic GPS tracking. Second is the AIS device which is driven by 
mandates right and third is your fuel sensor and the new initiatives dash cam etc right. 
The basic GPS device penetration obviously coupled by a bit of cannibalization by AIS 
because AIS is now mandatory across 10 states which drives the growth of AIS but for 
the basic vehicle tracking device that growth rate is on a lower side than the overall 
core business growth rate in the range of that 15% levels. The AIS device because it's 
a mandatory device in various different geographies is seeing a very strong growth as 
we also gave you a narrative that over the sequential quarter, we doubled the AIS 
numbers as well so sales is increasing at a very fast pace, and revenue will follow suit 
in time or the other. Fuel sensor business again because it's a newer business in the 
stack that continues to compound right. So, overall, as a telematics category because 
of a mix of each of these businesses put together delivers a much higher growth rate 
than the rest of the core businesses this is the broad model to understand. 
Ritwik Agarwal:  

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  12  of  19 
Understood and the second question on the disruption from the Middle East. Just 
wanted to understand is that the reason why we have shifted to a tolling GTV only 
metric. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Yes. To be able to better appreciate what's happening beneath we segregated that 
metric and started giving tolling GTV. That's a largest part of the payments GTV also 
and also drives large part of the revenue also. So that gives you a direct indicator. 
Ritwik Agarwal:  
Any on how much percentage would be tolling GTV of the total payment GTV 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I think broadly you can assume 90%ish basically. 
Ritwik Agarwal:  
Understood okay that's all from my side thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you the next question is from the line of Jitu Punjabi. Jitu, please unmute your 
line mention your organization name and go ahead. 
Jitu Punjabi:  
Hi I ‘am Jitu Punjabi from EM Capital Advisors. Okay, so my question is, sorry, I joined 
a little late, but the headline question was that I saw the growth numbers. Your growth 
numbers look good, but your margins have softened. Is that a function of y'all investing 
more capital or more money into the growth businesses and thus those costs adding 
up and coming and hitting margins. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Of course. Yes. 
Jitu Punjabi:  
Okay. Second linked question is, is there a thought process in terms of the balance 
between growth and profitability and how would you manage that as you navigate the 
next three four years and also what is in your mind the growth that you'd be 
comfortable with over the next year or two to guide? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  13  of  19 
Good question but I think the way we think about growth and the balance of profitability 
is a little opposite. Because for us growth is actually an outcome because we don't 
manufacture a growth rate let's say for example core businesses are there, they are 
basis some of the strong fundamentals of the economy works and how our acquisition 
engine works right. And at every point in time, we try to invest till the time it's not 
profitable to acquire that customer anymore. Right? So that's the way we go about 
driving growth and the growth percentage comes as an outcome. Right? That's point 
number one because getting a customer in an unprofitable way doesn't help the 
company doesn't help anyone in the long term because that's not sustainable. Right? 
Point number one. Point number two on how we balance growth versus profitability 
from a long run perspective, again whatever compound profitability number you are 
seeing. It's again not a calculation that we should have done 100 of core profit and 
then we should have invested only 20 and 80 we should delivered as profit. Again, 
that's not a number. We are in a very large industry right it's a $200 billion kind of an 
industry and we've built a company which is very small till now and there are so many 
avenues to grow right. So, the way we look at always is that are there opportunities to 
pursue. Are there in the testing phase is what will it take to really invest into these 
opportunities and God's being kind the kind of platform we have built most of the new 
opportunities we're able to test it out on a very small base so that does not ever affect 
burn. The burn comes in only when we try to scale up and that scale up has a very 
strong bar on being able to define micro markets, being able to define ability to turn 
profitable whenever we want right so the way to look at is we define the quality in which 
we want to build a business and inside that if we get an opportunity to invest and an 
investment makes sense right we typically look at allocating capital regardless of what 
that quantum is right. So, this is our framework of going about newer initiatives and 
the existing core businesses because this just keeps it very clear in terms of that we 
are building a company which always has to be highly innovative. We will invest in 
every opportunity we get to if that's going to be long-term profitable and that's going to 
solve a customer's problem and that's going to return immensely to shareholders in 
the very long term. Right? So that's how we look at it and whatever you are seeing it 
is an outcome of such a input process 
Jitu Punjabi:  
Thank you and that helped clarify a lot of things, but what kind of growth headline 
growth do you think the company will sustain at? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  14  of  19 
We generally don't give growth guidance I think this is we've typically helped you guys 
to plot how to look at the business, how it will scale, etc. But we have decided not to 
give guidance on our numbers. 
Jitu Punjabi:  
Okay. And one last question if I may sneak in. There was someone the senior team 
who left can you talk about the reasons and what happened there? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
We've spoken about this topic in the past. The team at Blackbuck which reports into 
me typically has an average tenure in the company of 8 years, right? And that was the 
case even when the company is 11 years old and that was the case even when we 
were going public because we were going public when we were 9 years old and the 
average tenure of people who were reporting to me was 7 years. So, they were the 
earliest of the employees built the whole company did good for themselves right. So, 
three people left from a SMB perspective right one of them I think left within about 2 
to 3 years and other two of them were very long with us 7 to 9 years. One of them left 
to pursue building his own company, one of them left to pursue sort of more balance 
on health etc so that's the context. 
Jitu Punjabi:  
Okay thank you very much good wishes all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal. Ankush please unmute 
your line and mention organization name. 
Ankush Agarwal:  
Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator:  
Yes, you are. 
Ankush Agarwal:  
Hi, this is Ankush from Surge Capital. Just one question. So, few quarters back the 
growth business was I'm looking at net revenues was around 10-11 odd crores and 
last few quarters as we have scaled up the super loads, we have reached around 15 
odd crores of say run rate. So about 5 crores extra. What I'm trying to understand is 
when do we expect this say 5 crores of super loads kind of net revenue is starting to 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  15  of  19 
become say 20, 30, 40, 50 crores kind of number because in terms of cost I think even 
if we consider that there are some extra incremental investment the core business the 
cost base has jumped from say 70-75 odd crores to 100 crores now so obviously the 
investment look kind of high versus the incremental net revenues that we're generating 
on the super loads at 4-5 crores it's quite basic to be honest to begin with. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I think the question is absolutely right. I think the pace of super loads definitely could 
have been much stronger. In terms of when that would come through probably when 
the confidence on really going further all out in terms of strategies across all the newer 
hubs etc. Maybe, I think that is a time when such kind of a scaling can be expected. 
And talking about the increase in the overall cost. Remember that the investments in 
the core businesses also have been stepped up. So, the number which you're looking 
at a good part of that has also gone into the core businesses. It's not only the cost of 
super loads right. And a good part of that also has gone into scaling up of vehicle 
finance though the revenue growth of vehicle finance continues to be at a higher pace 
than the investments if you have increase in investments obviously right. And part of 
that has gone into super loads. So completely is not super loads. Point number one. 
Point number two definitely the growth rate could have been faster right and that's also 
our pursuit to make that happen. But as we have always maintained the playbook 
building on super loads is taking time and we are also taking a native approach to 
ensure that we build the business in a much faster way and a better way and so that's 
some of the narrative on how we are going about it. But yes, we can expect that we 
don't know when is it one year down the line or two years down the line but that's the 
goal. 
Ankush Agarwal:  
Right, I mean the reason for asking this was I think we peaked in terms of profitability 
say back in say Q1 of FY26 almost 36% of say adjusted EBITDA margin and now we 
have sort of stabilized around 31% odd. So just trying to understand is this the kind of 
profit average that we could expect for say next one two years during which you sort 
of scale super loads and some of the newer growth businesses because unless those 
businesses scale up quite rapidly the profitability might even come down or say at this 
stable level about 30ish percentage. Is that the right way to assume that that's how 
things play? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I think the way the earlier gentleman was asking the question right profit percentage 
is actually again a much more further outcome because we generate X in core, we 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  16  of  19 
invest Y. Now we see rapid growth, we increase Y, right? X largely follows the secular 
trend which I was mentioning, follows the operating leverage construct, follows the 
growth construct. Y is all independent on that quarter need and probably subsequent 
two three quarters, right? So I would say that it's hard to put a number to this, but the 
way to look at it is that it's an outcome metric and it is determined by X + Y and X 
minus Y in fact Y is a negative sign and then depending on what Y is your X comes 
and X divided by overall net revenue is a percentage. So that's why you see because 
the overall revenue growth happens and then there is increase in burn also and then 
you have a profit which also increases. So, it's a pretty much composite metric, right? 
X minus Y by total R, right? RX plus RY. So that's how you should look at it. 
Ankush Agarwal:  
Right. So, would it be possible to sort of split how we're splitting revenues for the core 
and growth business. Would it possible to split the profitability as well because then 
it's better for us to appreciate how the core business is playing out and the investment 
if you're doing in a growth business and even if this burning cash I mean that is 
understandable as investors but if we have a combined metric it is very difficult to judge 
how the core business is performing. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Fully agree with you but we believe it's still too early we will evaluate this down the line 
when can we improve the visibility and I definitely understand your pain because 
modelling is tough for you. 
Ankush Agarwal:  
Okay, that was all. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Banerjee. Abhishek, please 
unmute yourself and go ahead please mention your organization name. 
Abhishek Banerjee:  
Hi this is Abhishek from I Sec. Hi thanks for the opportunity. Rajesh, I wanted to 
understand just a couple of things. One is you gave kind of a cautious outlook on the 
Middle East conflict. I mean how bad do you see your revenues getting impacted as 
in if you could give some idea whether it's a growth slowdown or could there be some 
sort of a decline also that would be really helpful and secondly on the vehicle financing 
business. There's a question that I keep getting from investors so wanted to also check 
with you is there any right to win that we have in this business. Is there something of 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  17  of  19 
a unique offering that we are doing which is kind of giving us the confidence to try to 
build here given that there is already enough number of NBFCs and financial 
companies who operate in the space. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I'll answer the question sequentially so the Middle East crisis the cautionary context 
was in terms of as I clearly articulated also, I think there'll be a drag on growth, right? 
I think that's the thought process. Point number one, right? And what we are seeing 
as I was mentioning because intercity trucks typically sit at the top end of the value 
chain and mostly till March, I think there was a lot of inventory stocks which would 
definitely move but going into April and May we're finding some kind of drag on it in 
taking off. So, I think that's the broad I don't think because a lot of our revenues are 
also compounding in nature. So, you will see it in the very small subsection some kind 
of a number up down here there, but I think that's the broad narrative on the Middle 
East crisis. On vehicle finance I think very good question. See basically, vehicle 
finance the major players who do large competency. One of the large capabilities or 
differentiations or right to win there for all of them is distribution, right? And obviously 
the whole aspect of credit engine, building intelligence with respect to customer, right? 
Distribution and being very close to the customer is one of the most important right to 
wins for them. And the whole if you look at for a truck operator digital means Blackbuck, 
right? So, our vehicle finance play is largely predicated on being a digital first company 
being our mobile app is in the pocket of large number of fleet operators across the 
country. We generate real-time data about these truck operators. So, our vehicle 
finance play is predicated on this aspect and that's yielding results and it's also a 
growing market. It's a very big market and the whole technology led approach to 
vehicle finance in terms of from right from meeting a customer to disbursing the loan 
for a large part of the customers we able to do it within 24 hours to 48 hours. 24 hours 
is something which we've achieved for a lot of customers. So, I think there is a 
technology play where there are small 1xs when you add up it clearly gives a 8x to 
10x play but that's true from a differentiation perspective. But if you look at it from a 
technology kind of a business where you can architect a nonlinearity, we believe that 
at the end of the day it's a risk business for our partners right. So, partners will take 
cautious calls continuously so we believe that it may not be a nonlinear business and 
we have to work with the partners with their own approach to cycles, with their own 
credit writing frameworks and delinquency management. So, we believe that it'll be a 
strong tech led vehicle finance origination play which is not nonlinear but will give 
sufficient profit generation in the long term if built in the right way with the right partners. 
I think that's the broad takeaway of that business. 

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  18  of  19 
Abhishek Banerjee:  
Sorry just to expand a little bit more on this bit. So, you are not going to guarantee any 
sort of performance of these loans from their transaction behaviour on your platform. 
Right. So that is a call which is completely with your lending partner. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Yes, that is completely with the lending partner, and we make origination fee and a 
collection fee depending on how well the portfolio behaves for them. 
Abhishek Banerjee:  
Got it. Thank you. Thank you so much. This is very helpful. Thanks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from Avnish Tiwari. Avnish, please unmute yourself and 
go ahead. Mention your organization name please. 
Avnish Tiwari:  
Hi, this is Avnish from Vicaria. My question is around this growth business. Is this 
business you said it's investment mode. So do you have any profits at contribution 
level or there also because of being in investment mode it remains a negative number. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
This is the good part and also holds us back from going crazy. So, in trucking business 
what we've understood over the years is that building a business with negative 
contribution creates a lot of negative behaviour and sentiment amongst the market 
participants because the nature is at the end of the day it's a B2B relationship right. 
So, most or all our businesses across regardless they are new or experiments or 
whatever we are always contribution margin positive. We make money on every order 
we do so if orders scale our profitability converges. 
Avnish Tiwari:  
Great so it's only at the EBITDA level or below that around that line item it would be 
negative number, right? 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
Yes. 
Avnish Tiwari:  

 
 
           
 
  Blackbuck Ltd  
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
      May 19, 2026  
 
 
Page  19  of  19 
Great thank you and wish you really best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Thank you. That was the last question for the day. I now hand over the call 
to Mr. Rajesh for his closing comments. Thank you and over to you. 
Rajesh Kumar Naidu Yabaji:  
I think that's all from our side and I think we've covered everything which was on top 
of the mind. At least has given you a flavour so that you guys have a feel of what we're 
building. And again, as I articulate, we always love to keep it consistent because I think 
building businesses with consistent strategies over a long period of time with laser 
sharp focus on few values and tenets creates, I think big businesses and enduring 
businesses. I think that's what we are here to build and thank you so much for 
attending our financial year end earnings call and see you guys soon. 
Moderator:  
Thank you once again for your time and participation. On behalf of Blackbuck Limited, 
this concludes today's conference. For any questions, please feel free to write to us 
on the email ids mentioned on the invite. We appreciate your engagement. You may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer:  
"This transcript is an edited version of the conference call recording and has been prepared 
for ease of reading and clarity. Certain immaterial corrections, formatting changes and 
corrections of obvious transcription or numerical errors may have been made, without 
changing the overall meaning. Readers are advised to refer to the audio recording and the 
results filed with the stock exchanges for full details, and the company accepts no 
responsibility for any remaining errors or for any decisions taken based on this document.” 
