 
 
 
 
 
 
May 26, 2026 
 
To, 
The Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code Equity: 505537             
 
 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ZEEL EQ             
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call 
 
This has reference to our communication dated May 19, 2026 and pursuant to the provisions of 
Regulation 46(2)(oa)(iii) read with Schedule III of Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’), the transcript of the conference 
call held on May 19, 2026 on the Company's performance for the fourth quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2026, is enclosed herewith. The said transcript is also available on Company's 
website at: 
 
https://assets-prod.zee.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/Q4_FY26_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Agarwal 
Company Secretary  
FCS6669 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
Ashish 
Ramesh 
Agarwal
Digitally signed by Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=2117, 
pseudonym=5ab4d92c61d247cfa1a4061dcf3
282be, 
2.5.4.20=c6276416b6532605a26d92180b837c
aa06c03a1e9851464187872d7a66c80f83, 
postalCode=400104, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=2d484d33b95e6004b8529e3fc
750f2413e1a7b7b01ecb532e879129f4a45d56
5, cn=Ashish Ramesh Agarwal 
Date: 2026.05.26 16:24:55 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
Q4 FY26 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 
Transcript 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read 
in conjunction with the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in 
the transcript is a textual representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide 
accurate transcription, there may be material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the 
substance of the event. The transcript has been edited wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or 
transcription error. This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related 
to future, not past, events. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future 
business and financial performance, and often contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” 
“plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters 
that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause actual future results to be materially 
different that those expressed in such forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to 
update its forward-looking statements. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Zee Entertainment 
Enterprises Limited Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora, Head of Investor Relations from 
Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thanks, Dorwin. Hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q4 FY26 and full year ended March 
2026 earnings discussion. We hope you have had an opportunity to review the 
results. 
Today, we are joined by our CEO, Mr. Punit Goenka; and our Deputy CEO and CFO, 
Mr. Mukund Galgali, along with the senior management team. We will start the call 
with the opening remarks from Mr. Goenka, followed by commentary on operating 
and financial performance by Mr. Mukund Galgali, our Deputy CEO and CFO. 
Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that some of the statements 
made or discussed on today's conference call will be forward-looking in nature and 
must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. The company 
does not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements publicly.  
With that said, I will now hand the call over to PG for his remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, Punit. 
Punit Goenka: 
Thank you, Ankit. Good evening, everyone. It is indeed my pleasure to connect with 
all of you again to discuss your company's performance in the fourth quarter of the 
financial year 2025-26. 
As always, I will share an overview of our strategic priorities and its progress during 
the quarter, while Mukund will take you through the detailed financial metrics 
pertaining to the company's performance. 
Our focus in the previous financial year was on judicious long-term investments 
across the businesses in line with our growth plans. The investments will enable us 
to build a sustainable long-term growth trajectory for the company and hence, 
must be viewed with a forward-looking lens. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Considerable efforts were sown-in to further strengthen our promise in content 
creation in order to deliver more engaging and entertainment experience to our 
consumers. We also enhanced operational efficiencies across platforms with a 
special focus on our core, that is content and revenue. 
Speaking about the performance of the digital business, I'm glad to share that ZEE5 
achieved breakeven during the previous fiscal. The platform was operationally 
profitable for the second quarter in a row, delivering 53% year-on-year growth in 
FY26. 
The success largely stems from the 7-language strategy that enabled us to drive 
higher engagement through compelling content and seamless user experience. 
Digital remains our experiential growth story, and we will continue to build on this 
momentum as we go forward. 
In order to generate more engaging stories through innovative concepts, the teams 
have invested significant energies towards sharpening the content strategy across 
platforms. The positive outcome of this strategy reflects in our network share, 
which increased by 80 basis points to touch 17.4% during the quarter. 
Our flagship Hindi GEC, Zee TV continued to display robust GRP growth of 40%. 
Strong character-led storytelling, coupled with culturally rooted narratives enabled 
the channel to garner peak engagement during the prime-time slots. Our linear 
portfolio of language channels also further strengthened their foothold in their 
respective markets by reporting an interest or increase in market share.  
During the quarter, your company also took steps to further build an integrated 
future-ready monetization engine. The strengthened advertising revenue team 
enhances our ability to unlock emerging revenue streams and respond swiftly to 
market dynamics. 
The uncertain geopolitical environment and macroeconomic headwinds disrupted 
consumer sentiments during the quarter. The continuing ambiguity in the global 
economic landscape is a result of the conflict in the Middle East, and that has 
impacted overall growth across sectors and the industry at large. 
Over the last couple of quarters, your company has also taken keen steps to 
identify and establish its presence across emerging segments. In line with this 
approach, we announced a strategic investment in global VFX company, Phantom 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Digital Effects Limited, which will build your company's capabilities in the AVGC 
segment by creating more immersive content across platforms. 
Overall, your company remains resilient and well poised on all fronts to face any 
challenges emerging from the weak macroeconomic environment. We continue to 
remain focused on the opportunities that lie ahead and stay confident in the 
abilities to capitalize on them and maximize value. 
On that note, I will hand over the call to Mukund to take you all through the operating 
and financial metrics in detail. I look forward to interacting with all of you during the 
Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, Mukund. 
Mukund Galgali: 
Thank you, Punit, and good evening, everyone. It's a pleasure to connect and 
interact with all of you on behalf of ZEE. I hope you've had an opportunity to go 
through our Q4 and financial year '26 results, which have been uploaded on our 
corporate website, as well as the stock exchange portals. 
In my remarks today, I will focus on providing additional context to our performance 
during the quarter and for the year ended March '26. I would like to begin the update 
by mentioning about our digital business, wherein we are extremely happy with its 
performance during the year. 
We witnessed continued momentum in our revenues, which grew 71% year-on-year 
basis for Q4 FY26 to INR4,700 million. This quarter has also marked our highest ever 
revenues in the digital business. For the full year FY26, a strong revenue growth was 
seen at 53%. With a balanced cost structure, it resulted in delivering a positive 
EBITDA in FY26 compared to a loss of INR5,480 million in the previous year. This 
also marked the first year in which our digital business has delivered a positive 
EBITDA on a comparable basis, achieving the guidance which we had given at the 
start of the year. 
Our digital offerings were more than doubled by releasing over 120 shows and 
movies, including 34 originals. The enhanced content offering across 7 languages, 
coupled with revised pricing strategy aided in an all-round improved performance. 
We remain confident of the unit economics in this business, and expect the 
momentum continuing ahead in the medium term. 
Moving to subscription revenues, it has registered a 4% year-on-year growth, 
primarily driven by our digital business.  

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
In our broadcast business, the overall linear TV landscape continues to remain 
stable with weekly impressions of above 28 billion and a weekly reach exceeding 
740 million during the year. 
We continue to maintain our position as India's strong Number 2, TV entertainment 
network. As we look at the viewership share, as Punit also mentioned, we exited the 
month of March with a network share of more than 18%, while for the quarter, it 
stood at 17.4%, a gain of 80 basis points on a year-on-year basis. Our flagship Hindi 
GEC Zee TV has witnessed higher GRP with nearly 21% stronger performance than 
its closest competitors for 26 weeks straight. 
Further, I'm pleased to inform you that as a part of our omnichannel strategy, ZEE's 
monthly unique reach has crossed 800 million across platforms. The above 
developments reaffirm that the strategic initiatives, which were implemented 
during the year are delivering results in the right direction. 
On the advertising front, we did witness healthy traction in the initial months of Jan 
and Feb. However, March was severely impacted with the ongoing Middle East 
conflict where advertisers have held back their spends in the end of the quarter. 
As a result, our overall advertising revenues declined 4% year-on-year. Adjusted 
for the impact in the month of March, our advertising revenues would have 
witnessed low single digit growth in Q4 despite the shifting of ILT20 to quarter 3.  
During the year, we have also invested across multiple initiatives to augment our 
advertising like the omnichannel strategy, the diversification of advertiser base 
beyond FMCG, improved content offering, leading to higher network share and 
GRPs. While the advertising environment looks challenging in the immediate near 
term amidst the prolonged West Asia crisis, we do believe that the investments in 
strategic levers during the financial year '26, along with our digital proposition, 
positions us well from a medium-term perspective. 
Talking about our music business. During the year, we have garnered over 217 billion 
total video views with more than 176 million subscribers on YouTube. This 
performance was driven by our new age music catalog and a rich library of over 
20,000 songs. Profitability in the music business remains healthy, and we continue 
to diversify our catalogue across additional language markets. 
On the Studios business, during the quarter, we released 13 movies, 7 in Hindi and 
6 in other languages, of which 9 were our own productions and 4 were distribution 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
deals. We continued our focus on the syndication vertical, as was highlighted in the 
previous quarters, and this continues to deliver promising results. This was partly 
offset by a muted performance in the Studio business, resulting in other sales and 
services declining by 47% in Q4. 
Now I would like to touch upon a couple of strategic investments approved by the 
Board of the company during the quarter. Firstly, an investment of INR20 crores 
was approved in respect of CORE Private Limited, CORE stands for Culture of Real 
Experiences. So, this will help drive our Live business. Secondly, an investment of 
up to INR116 crores was also approved, as Punit mentioned, in Phantom Digital 
Effects Limited, which happens to be a listed company as well. This investment shall 
significantly enhance the company's current content creation capabilities and also 
our presence in the animation visual effects, gaming and comic segment.  
Further, the Micro-Drama app Bullet continues to garner steady gains with its 
unique model of gamifying the viewing experience and engaging consumers 
through short-form content. Before moving on to profitability, I would like to 
provide context and details pertaining to change in estimates of movie rights 
amortization pattern and additional impairment recognized during this quarter 
totalling to INR4,084 million. 
For our movie inventory, the company reviewed its basis of estimates and its 
amortization to closely align the recognition of costs based on the estimated 
monetization pattern and digital viewership trends over the past few years. While 
the total tenure remains the same, an accelerated amortization pattern has been 
adopted for the initial years, and this is in line with the trends which we have seen.  
As a result of the above and optimized fresh acquisitions, the content inventory 
advances and deposits as of March '26 stood at INR67.6 billion, down by INR2.8 
billion on a year-on-year basis. Now for the discussion on profitability, we would 
like to make the comparison adjusted to the one-off charge, as mentioned earlier. 
Our overall operating costs remained nearly flat year-on-year. This was driven by 
lower programming costs due to shift of ILT to quarter 3 and lower production costs 
in Studio business, which was partly offset by increased marketing spend in our 
digital business and hosting of our marquee event, the Zee Cine Awards during this 
quarter.  
With a 7% decline in operating revenue and optimizing our other fixed costs during 
the quarter, our adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 6.9%. Further, we had higher costs 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
due to legal expenses in quarter 4. Excluding these one-offs and lower advertising 
revenue on account of the Middle East conflict, our margins would have been 
similar to quarter 3.  
On the balance sheet, our focused efforts continue to strengthen our liquidity and 
financial position. Cash and treasury investments as of March 2026 stood at a 
healthy INR27.6 billion, comprising of cash balance of INR7.5 billion, fixed deposits 
and other treasury investments of INR7.8 billion and mutual fund investments of 
INR12.3 billion.  
As we look ahead, with the ongoing West Asia uncertainty, we noticed advertisers 
are adopting a cautious approach. However, we believe that the multiple strategic 
initiatives implemented by your company in FY26 across content, its omnichannel 
approach, investment in new initiatives augurs well for us in the medium term. 
At the same time, we continue to invest behind our people as they are the real 
assets in this business. Once the current macroeconomic environment stabilizes, 
our focus will continue to remain on driving revenue growth while maintaining a cost 
prudence, aiding operating leverage, resulting in profitability improvement and 
cash generation. With that, I would like to hand it back to Ankit.  
Thank you very much. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thanks, Mukund. Dorwin, we can now open the floor for question-and-answer 
session. Just for the participants, just an input. PG has a hard stop at 6:15 for one 
of his other prior commitments. So, I would request all the participants to direct 
your questions to PG, if any, until that time. Thanks. And Dorwin, we can now open 
it up the floor. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question comes from the line of Abneesh Roy with 
Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Abneesh Roy: 
I have one strategic question for PG. Given limited time, I'll first start with that. One 
is ZEE is a content and entertainment company. I wanted to understand why invest 
in back end in terms of global VFX and Phantom VFX, how does it help? How much 
investment? What can be the impact on revenue longer term? Second strategic 
question is, yes, ZEE5, you have delivered on the guidance of EBITDA breakeven. 
Will FY '27 be a reinvestment year in terms of content given you've achieved that 
profitability metrics. Now would you need to change the overall strategy in FY '27, 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
given competition is quite fierce, and you have achieved the breakeven. Now would 
you want to go back to the content in terms of investment? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, to your first question, Abneesh, and thank you for the questions. The reason we 
are investing in these back-end businesses because just like we invested in music 
and in the studio business, all these are complementary to the way the entire 
entertainment landscape is changing. And VFX and these kinds of things will come 
into the television space as well. 
 
So, we cannot ignore it. We can always keep trying to outsource it. But we believe 
that having it internally could be far more beneficial and cost effective in our 
perspective. So that was the first one. The second one, I believe that we are at 
optimum level of investments on the ZEE5 or the digital front. At some point in time, 
we may choose to up our investments, but they will not move the needle to the 
extent that it will start impacting our EBITDA line. So, from that perspective, a little 
bit here and there, but just as we do in the television business as well, this is the 
way we are looking at it, and that's how we are going to run it. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is essentially in music business; we have got one unlisted 
player and then 2 listed players in which one is large. In your music business, would 
you want to invest more, do some kind of a value unlock because in a TV linear 
broadcasting and an OTT company, is music getting the desired value, of course, 
you'll have to invest in that. What are your thoughts on this? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, we certainly want to invest in the music business because that's the only way 
to keep broadening and going ahead. And whether the question of unlocking value, 
that is always something that we keep considering all the time. But as of now, our 
objective is to just keep expanding from the 20,000 songs that we have today. 
Compared to my competitors, we are still a very small player. And we will keep 
investing and going ahead on that basis. But if opportunities come, why not? We 
will always evaluate and look at those. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Last question, you have 80 bps market share gain on the network level 
and Hindi GEC, you're claiming leadership. So, I wanted to understand that a bit 
more because clearly, I saw an advertisement also where you have claimed that in 
prime time, Hindi GEC is having leadership. Now every channel claims leadership 
given the way dissection of data happens. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
So, I wanted to understand, one, how strong is the leadership? Second, are you able 
to monetize this? Because of Iran crisis, everything gets hidden. All this 
improvement in market share, if it is there, is it reflecting somewhere in terms of 
revenue? Because in terms of reported numbers, obviously, we can't see given Iran 
crisis impact in March, if you could share that detail? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, leadership, as you have rightly said, Abneesh, is only in prime time as of now. 
And the advertisement that you may have seen is a marketing thing that my team 
may have done. So don't hold me to that, but we are working towards getting full 
leadership, and that's what we want to attain. As you know, Abneesh, that any gain 
in viewership has a 13- to 16-week lag in terms of converting to revenues. So that's 
what we have to work towards. And my teams are working very hard to make sure 
that we attain that conversion of revenue as well. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sameer Gupta with IIFL Capital. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Sir, firstly, I wanted to understand the ad spend line in the cost. So, I understand 
these are costs incurred upfront. But when we, as a country, are staring at 
inflationary pressures and you have an expectation that most of the FMCG 
companies in all likelihood of protecting their margins will slash their ad budgets 
and part of it is already visible in our results in 4Q. And the subscription line item 
also consumers are likely to reduce discretionary spends, why not go slow on these 
expenses and protect margins? I mean these are up 44% this quarter. Full year it's 
fine. We didn't know that West Asia is going to happen. But just your thoughts on 
this, sir? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Sameer, when it comes to marketing, we have to look at it in multiple contexts. 
We have new businesses that we have just launched. And therefore, there is going 
to be marketing expense on that account. That's one part. Second part is that while 
we are running the business, we can't behave like selling soaps or detergents or 
things like that. 
 
Therefore, our business is about consumption on a daily basis by our consumers 
on content. So, we cannot pull back on marketing from that perspective. We have 
in the past and not necessarily that, that has worked for us. Therefore, I'm very, very 
cognizant of the fact that how do we make our marketing more efficient rather than 
cutting back, if I have answered your question. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Sameer Gupta: 
Fair enough, sir. But then I know I'm asking a difficult question here, but in the 
context of where we are today, how do you see the FY '27 then pan out in terms of 
growth and margins? We have finished at 8%, 9% on the full year basis. Start of the 
year, we had ambitious plans on the margin front, but what needs to change? And 
how do we get to that high teens’ kind of a margin, if at all? 
Punit Goenka: 
No, Sameer, most of your colleagues will tell you that I am an optimist by nature. So, 
I do believe that once we have hit rock bottom, the only way to go is up. And that's 
what we are going to do going forward as a company, your company. And that's 
what we are working towards. That's our sole objective. So, whether we get to the 
high teens or this thing number, I can't guarantee right now because I can't give you 
a guidance. But we are certainly going to continue to work to make sure that we 
create value for our shareholders and for you all. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And sir, last question, if I may squeeze in. The employee cost down 16% this quarter, 
9% for the full year. Just trying to understand what is going on here? 
Punit Goenka: 
No. As Mukund mentioned in his speech that we have done a lot of optimization in 
manpower through our omnichannel strategy. A lot of people have taken on a lot 
more responsibility towards achieving their KPIs and all those things. So that's how 
we've optimized it. If you go back 4, 5 years before the pandemic, we used to 
operate at 9% people cost to revenue, and we are trying to bring it back to that, 
and that's what our objective is going to be. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Has there been a major rationalization in the amount of manpower also? 
Punit Goenka: 
Yes, there has been. And that's not happened overnight. This has happened over a 
period of 1 year. So, we've evaluated every role, this thing and then taken conscious 
calls on what we need to do. 
Mukund Galgali: 
So, Sameer, just to add to Punit, there was a major activity in the previous quarter 
and the results of which are being reflected in the current quarter. And as I said, we 
also continue to invest in our human assets, and we will continue to keep adding on 
to the skill sets wherever needed, while additional responsibilities being taken by 
current team, which also gives them a growth opportunity. So, I think we are 
maintaining a fine balance here. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi with PL Capital. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sir, my first question is on the amortization charge that we took in this quarter to 
the tune of about INR300 crores. So, can you share what is our revised amortization 
policy for movies? 
Mukund Galgali: 
PG, I'll take that. So Jinesh, as we've mentioned in our annual reports and our 
disclosures previously, we are amortizing the movies over a period of 5 years on a 
straight-line basis. We've had a look at the various patterns of consumption, and 
we have changed that estimate to make it more front-ended to increase it to 50% 
in the first 2 years and then the balance in the next 3 years. So that's the impact 
which we have taken, which is reflected in the notes. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
50% in the first 2 years and balance 50% in the next 3 years, right? 
Mukund Galgali: 
That's right. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
And this change, I mean, in the presentation, we have stated that ex of this change, 
ZEE5 was EBITDA positive in 4Q and for the full year of FY26. So is it possible to 
share the adjusted EBITDA numbers for ZEE5. 
Mukund Galgali: 
So, the EBITDA will be below INR100 crores, I can say, ex this effect of the inventory 
adjustment, but it's a little complicated accounting because there are some 
inventories which are being used in both platforms. So hence, we will not be able to 
give you more specifics of that. But ex this adjustment, it will be below INR100 
crores for the quarter. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure. And sir, my second question is on our ratings. So, while on a Y-o-Y basis, we 
have seen an improvement come through. But if I look at our sequential ratings, I 
think, we are down from about 17.8% to, to 17.4%, I think, in this quarter. But while I 
think in some of our markets like, say, Hindi, Marathi and Tamil, we have seen very 
sharp improvement in ratings come through. In that case, why on sequential basis, 
we are seeing some kind of fall in our viewership share? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Jinesh, you have to understand it with what is happening in the market. So, you 
had T20 World Cup. We had the Bengal elections. We have had several other 
incidents that have possibly caused that drop to happen. But overall, our 
improvement is still significant, which I had mentioned in my opening remarks and 
even Mukund mentioned. So that's how you have to look at it. You have to cut down 
and look at a little bit more in terms of granularity of the data before you can come 
to that conclusion that you may be looking at. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Kavish Parekh with 360 ONE Capital. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Punit, continuing a question asked by one of the earlier participants on Zee Music. 
So, value unlocking, you did mention that you may look at it at some point in the 
future. But if I remember, a few quarters ago, you had mentioned that you are open 
to disclosing the metrics, maybe revenues, maybe some operational metrics for 
Zee Music. Any thoughts on that? Why was that not disclosed? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Kavish, I think it is competitive in nature from our perspective. And therefore, 
we chose to delay that. And certainly, we will be evaluating on a quarterly basis 
when to start disclosing. I am certain we will start disclosing it sooner than later. 
But for competitive reasons, we have not done it so far because as you are aware, 
and I'm sure you are aware that a lot of the international players are coming into 
the country, trying to make acquisitions on various companies. And therefore, we 
chose not to disclose it right now. 
Kavish Parekh: 
Understood. But are you open to any such partnerships? Or maybe whenever you 
happen to think about value unlocking, that would be more of a, say, demerger route 
or something on those lines? 
Punit Goenka: 
No. As I mentioned in my opening remarks and in the earlier question somebody 
asked me that if I get the right offer, why would I not be open to considering and 
demerging Zee Music from ZEE to a separate entity and bringing in a strategic 
partner there. Why not? 
Kavish Parekh: 
Understood. Secondly, on your relatively newer initiatives, Bullet investments of 
about INR100 crores planned over the next few years. Currently, I understand, of 
course, it remains pretty small. What kind of monetization potential do you see 
here? And similarly, on the live events, what is the strategy here? What kind of 
events are you targeting? And any scale that you envisage that you would want to 
see this business, say, in the next 3 years? 
Punit Goenka: 
So, Bullet, it's a new business from our perspective, but it's a unique business that 
a lot of the world is already doing a lot on with Micro-Dramas and small format or 
short format content, it's something that's worth as a media company, we have to 
be there. We cannot ignore it because that's also an audience base that we cannot 
ignore. The potential of that we are still studying and evaluating. But I believe that 
already the Micro-Drama market or short-form content market has reached 
almost, correct me, Mukund if I'm wrong, INR3,000 to INR3,500 crores. 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Mukund Galgali: 
Right. 
Punit Goenka: 
So, from that perspective, it's not a market to be ignored anymore. That was the 
first one. Second question was what, can you repeat again. 
Kavish Parekh: 
On the live events? 
Punit Goenka: 
In live events business on an organized manner, in our estimate is close to 
INR50,000 crores in this country. And I'm not even including the segment, which is 
your B2B and what happens in small towns and all those things. And forget about 
shaadi and all those things. So, there is a huge opportunity in the live business that 
we need to look at. And given what we are seeing today. We did one show with 
Hanuman kind and these kinds of things are becoming a complete rage. So, this is 
also becoming a part of our entertainment business. We cannot ignore it. 
Mukund Galgali: 
And Kavish, this is also complementing our current business as it is also a platform 
for us to market for Zee talent and Zee content. And it has synergy with our 
advertising clients as well. So, these are other benefits of being in this business. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Umang from Kotak Securities. 
Umang Mehta: 
In ZEE5, I believe last quarter, we had a catch-up revenue. And despite that on Q-
o-Q, you've seen a big jump. So possible to share any qualitative colour or any 
quantitative metrics on DAU, MAU, paying subscribers? It would really help to 
appreciate what you are trying to do there. 
Ankit Arora: 
So Umang, I'll just add a couple of insights for you. So, while we don't really disclose 
quantitatively MAU, DAU. Because of the entire telco pricing catch-up and, on 
account of the B2B side of the business, it has certainly seen active engagement 
and a better MAU metrics for Q4. And of course, the momentum on the underlying 
business, both on the digital advertising side and the subscription continues, 
coupled with, the entire focus on syndication vertical, all of this has aided our 
revenue growth and the improved profitability metrics on both quarter-on-quarter 
and on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. And possible to share what are the ad revenues from ZEE5 this year? Any 
ballpark share in total revenues. 
Ankit Arora: 
So we don't really disclose that, but the good news, which is what I can tell you is it 
continues to grow extremely handsomely on a quarter-on-quarter basis, and it is 

Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited 
May 19, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
moving into the territory of us with our aspiration of becoming ad and subscription 
more like balance of 50-50 in the medium term. So, it's done an  extreme leap in 
terms of growth on a sequential and both on a Y-o-Y basis as well. 
Umang Mehta: 
Got it. And the second question was just pertaining to cash flows. So, I've seen this 
provision for bad debts or doubtful debts to be around INR70 odd crores. So, any 
colour you can share on that? I mean, what was it regarding? And why would we 
need to make a large provision? 
Mukund Galgali: 
These are made on a conservative basis, Umang, and they are all collectible, but we 
make these provisions especially at the end of the year, taking into account the age 
of the debtors and receivables, and we make these provisions. And they will be 
collected subsequently. 
Moderator: 
That would be our last question for today, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thank you, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Do feel free to reach out to us if there 
are any follow-up questions as you do a deeper study of the numbers. We will be 
available and look forward to speaking with you and meeting you in person soon. 
Thank you very much and have a great evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
