ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 
June 03, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbal-400001 
(Scrip Code: BSE- 505729) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5thfloor, Plot No. C/1, 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Sandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051 
(Trading Symbol: SINGERIND) 
Sub.: Transcript of Investor Conference Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In continuation to our earlier letter dated May 20, 2026, filed in terms of the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, regarding participation of the management of 
the Company in an Investor Conference Call, to discuss the performance/ results for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026, scheduled for Friday, May 29, 2026, at 03:30 P.M. (1ST). 
In this regard, the transcript of the Investor Conference Call is attached herewith. Further, the said transcript is also 
available on the website of the Company i.e. www.singerindia.com. 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Sincerely 
For Singer India Limited 
Rupinder Kaur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SINGER INDIA LIMITED 
Registered & Head Office : Institute for Studies in Industrial Development (ISID), 
3rd Floor, Block C-2-3, ISID Campus, 4, Vasant Kunj Institutional Area, New Delhi-110070 
Tel.: +91 -11 -40617777, Toll Free No. 1800-103-3474 
E-mail: mail@singerindia.com, Website: www.singerindia.com 
GIN : L52109DL 1977PLC025405 
Rupinde
r Kaur
Digitally signed 
by Rupinder Kaur 
Date: 2026.06.03 
11:31:24 +05'30'

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
 
 
 
 
“Singer India Limited 
Q4 FY 25-26 Investor Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team Represented by: 
Mr. Rakesh Khanna, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director  
Mr. Anuj Kumar Vasdev, Chief Financial Oﬃcer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Marazban – Moderator, Emkay Global Financial Services Limited (Emkay): Good AŌernoon, Ladies and 
Gentlemen. On behalf of Emkay Global, we are pleased to welcome you all to the Q4 of FY26 Investor Conference 
Call of Singer India Limited. Today, we have with us Mr. Rakesh Khanna, Vice Chairman and Managing Director, 
and Mr. Anuj Kumar Vasdev, Chief Financial Oﬃcer of Singer India Limited. We'll begin the session with opening 
remarks from the management, followed by a Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Mr. Rakesh Khanna – Vice Chairman and Managing Director: Thank you, Marazban, and a very warm welcome 
to everyone for joining us today. We sincerely appreciate your conƟnued interest in our Company. I trust most 
of you have reviewed our quarterly ﬁnancial results and investor presentaƟon. 
I’m pleased to share that we have sustained our strong growth momentum. 
In Q4, revenue grew by 37% to Rs. 166.3 crores, while the PBT increased by 43% to Rs. 8 crores and the EBITDA 
grew by 49% to Rs. 9.3 crores. 
During the quarter, the geopoliƟcal situaƟon led to a steep increase in commodity prices and also a shortage of 
labour in some parts of the country, resulƟng in supply shortages and demand disrupƟon. Despite these 
challenges, we were able to maintain the growth trajectory and conƟnue to gain market share. 
For the ﬁnancial year, revenue stands at Rs. 557 crores, 29% higher than last year, while EBITDA stands at Rs. 
21.5 crores, reﬂecƟng 70% growth, and PBT stands at Rs. 17.3 crores, reﬂecƟng a growth of 73%. This includes a 
one-Ɵme excepƟonal cost of Rs. 73 lakhs arising from the change in the labor code. Adjusted for this, EBITDA 
increased by 76% to Rs. 22.2 crores and PBT increased by 80% to Rs. 18.1 crores. 
Strong growth consistently across all channels and categories demonstrates the success of our consistent eﬀorts 
to excite the market with innovaƟve products, deeper engagement with dealers, training sales teams to focus on 
value selling rather than price-led selling, capability building for dealers and their technicians, improving service 
levels by reducing turnaround Ɵme through soluƟons like Live Assist, and ensuring space availability at dealer 
points. 
We will conƟnue our eﬀorts in these direcƟons to further shiŌ dealers' preference towards Singer in the Sewing 
Machine category. 
The appliances segment conƟnued to remain under pressure due to unfavorable weather condiƟons, blocked 
inventory in trade, and overall muted demand. 
We are cauƟously working to reduce our dependence on high-cost channels, such as modern trade, while 
strengthening our presence in the fast-growing e-commerce channel. Products designed with an e-commerce-
ﬁrst approach are gaining good acceptance. The newly introduced Steaminator, our premium steam iron, is 
seeing strong tracƟon. 
Our Exhaust Fans are also being well received on e-commerce plaƞorms, and we are in the process of lisƟng 
several addiƟonal products to enhance brand visibility and drive growth in the appliances segment. 
Let me now take you through the category highlights. 
Sewing Machines: In the Sewing Machine category, we recorded robust growth of around 45% in Q4 and more 
than 40% for the year. The trade channel itself grew close to 20% in Q4 and more than 15% during the year. 
Zigzag Machines, which represent the future of household sewing machines, conƟnue their strong performance 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
with more than 30% growth. Industrial sewing machines, a large opportunity area for Singer, grew by over 13% 
in the quarter and more than 20% for the full year. 
Our growth indicates clear market share gains. Cast iron straight sƟtch machines and related accessories 
recorded impressive growth of more than 50% during the year. The new innovaƟve machines, including DSBB, 
SLBB, Link, etc., contribute to around 15% of the total household sewing machine category. 
The recently introduced Tailor Mate, a motorized lightweight modern straight sƟtch machine posiƟoned as an 
alternaƟve to convenƟonal cast iron machines at a similar price point, is gaining good tracƟon. Our E-commerce 
business conƟnues to perform strongly, delivering more than 50% growth during the quarter and around 30% 
growth for the year in Sewing Machines. 
We conƟnue to be number one in the Sewing Machine category on e-commerce. We have also introduced a full 
Aluminum-Body, Heavy-duty ZigZag Machine, made in India, in our Jammu factory. This new addiƟon has 
received instant acceptance by the trade and customers. It has also demonstrated our team's capability to 
manufacture these high-precision and tech product in India. 
Appliances Business: In the Appliances Business, performance was impacted by muted demand, blocked trade 
inventory, rising commodity costs leading to price increases, and Ɵght dealer cash ﬂows, which also aﬀected 
other categories. The revenue growth of around 10% during Q4 in appliances was driven by the new product 
range introduced on E-commerce and the Fan Business. Despite the growth in revenue, the segment result is 
lower by approximately Rs. 2 crores, mainly due to the impact of EPR and our investment in building Fan Business. 
That said, our eﬀorts in the Fan category are beginning to show results. We have introduced a comprehensive 
range covering Economy, Base, DecoraƟve, BLDC, TPW, and Exhaust Fans, and the trade response has been 
encouraging. IniƟal tracƟon is posiƟve, and strong distributors are partnering with us. The Fans Business has 
grown by around 50% in Q4. We are well prepared to further strengthen our posiƟon in the coming year. 
Among some other updates, our experience store at Nehru Place, Delhi, has won the Economic Times Award for 
Design and CreaƟvity. Our Experience Centres will conƟnue to expand, and they are great brand builders. 
We have commenced assembly of ZigZag Machines in India. We have already leased the premises for our new 
factory in Bhiwadi, Rajasthan, and we expect producƟon to commence from second half of the year in this new 
factory. This factory will primarily focus on manufacturing ZigZag machines. The factory will also be capable of 
assembling and manufacturing Industrial Sewing Machines and selected consumer appliances in due course. 
You are already informed that we are now listed on NSE as well. Having been listed on BSE for many years, our 
lisƟng on NSE marks another milestone in the Company's growth journey. This dual lisƟng reﬂects our conƟnued 
commitment to enhancing shareholder value, improving accessibility, increasing liquidity in our shares, and 
broadening engagement with the investor community. 
We thank all our shareholders for their conƟnued trust and support. 
To summarize, this quarter and year reﬂect strong momentum in the Sewing Machine Business. The Appliances 
Business is now showing revenue growth with a promising future. We believe the challenges in Appliances are 
temporary, and the long-term opportunity in this segment remains signiﬁcant. 
Our iniƟaƟves in new categories and products, along with our renewed focus on E-commerce to strengthen 
Appliances, are beginning to deliver results. We remain ﬁrmly commiƩed to Make in India. 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Thank you all for your aƩenƟon. We will now be happy to take your quesƟons. 
Moderator: Thank you. ParƟcipants are now requested to use the Raise Hand opƟon to ask quesƟons. We'll wait 
for some Ɵme for the quesƟon queue to assemble. The ﬁrst quesƟon is from Ashok. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ashok: Thank you so much. Very good aŌernoon to everyone. First of all, hearty congratulaƟons for achieving 
this kind of results and geƫng back to the dividend list. Kudos to the Singer team and Mr. Rakesh Khanna. 
So, my ﬁrst quesƟon is regarding that as per media reports, the major texƟle hubs like Tirupur, Surat, etc. are 
facing a massive labor shortage due to the non-availability of LPG cylinders and inﬂaƟon. Under these 
circumstances, most of the companies expanding their garment capacity would like to go for high-speed 
machines oﬀering around 5,000 sƟtches per minute, which is being oﬀered by Juki. 
Is this report correct? And if it is correct, then do we have these kinds of models to take on global players? 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you so much, Mr. Ashok. Let me tell you about the labor shortage. It has been across 
India, in other manufacturing areas as well, be it sewing machine manufacturing or appliances manufacturing. 
The increase in commodity prices has also been impacƟng all areas. 
Regarding the garment manufacturers moving towards high-speed machines, that trend has already been there. 
The change in trend is very obvious, and today, nearly 50% of the Indian market, revenue-wise, comes from high-
speed machines. 
Singer India is being growing very well. As I menƟoned, we have grown by 30% in this category during the year, 
and we are conƟnuously growing in this category. We have great products, and we are very conﬁdent about 
them. This is a very promising category for us in the near future. 
Ashok: Great, sir. Got it, sir.  
So, this year, almost all of India is facing heatwave-like condiƟons. As we are very focused on fans, will our cooling 
products help turn the quarterly losses into break-even in Q1 FY27? Because we have been talking about fans 
for quite some Ɵme, and we have introduced a lot of models, including fans and coolers. Has it picked up, and 
will it help us reduce the losses? 
Rakesh Khanna: Okay, let me answer it in two parts. 
One, about the weather. Yes, as of now, the heat is on, but this is the kind of heat that comes every year. Currently, 
the speed of sales is good, and we are experiencing good tracƟon in the market. 
As it comes to the fan business, I said in Q4, we've grown by 50%. We have a strong team, and the new porƞolio 
is geƫng very good acceptance from the market. There have been shortage pressures in the market because of 
labor condiƟons and very steeply rising commodity prices. 
But despite that, this is the kind of growth that we have been able to achieve. It reﬂects the correct product 
porƞolio that we have been able to build up and the very good team of our people and the new distributors who 
have joined us. So, we remain conﬁdent going forward that we have a strong future in this segment. 
I will not be able to comment exactly on future proﬁts, but I can assure you of one thing: we are very conﬁdent 
that the Appliances Business is going to be a very proﬁtable business for us because we believe Singer is a great 
brand. We just need to make a few correcƟons. Last year, we faced a lot of headwinds, and I think every company 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
in this parƟcular space faced those headwinds. But in the coming year, we are conﬁdent that we will do very 
well. 
Ashok: You mean to say that the tough Ɵmes are over? 
Rakesh Khanna: I hope so. I have not seen the future, but last year we had a lot of headwinds. We do hope that 
if the coming year is a normal year, our strengths are very good, and we will be able to deliver good results. 
Ashok: Great, Sir, great. 
And Sir, my last quesƟon is, as you menƟoned, there is a lot of raw material price inﬂaƟon. Are these PMY orders 
which we have received ﬁxed prices contract, or is there a scope to pass on the raw material price increase to 
the government? 
Rakesh Khanna: They are ﬁxed-price orders, and we cannot change the price there. 
Ashok: So, whatever increase happens in raw material prices, we have to absorb it. Am I right? 
Rakesh Khanna: We have to absorb it. Absolutely. 
Ashok: Okay, sir. Thanks a lot, Sir. All the best for the rest of the year. Thank you so much. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you so much.  
Moderator: ParƟcipants, if you have a quesƟon, please use the Raise Hand opƟon. The next quesƟon is from 
Amrut Kalantri. Please go ahead. 
Amrut Kalantri: Sir, can you talk about what is the plans of your promoters, Retail Holdings (India) BV? There has 
always been talk in the market that they want to exit, and that's an overhang on the stock. Could you please 
clarify? 
Rakesh Khanna: I will not be able to comment on any talks outside. To my knowledge, there is nothing that I can 
comment on. 
Amrut Kalantri: But can you say whether they are acƟvely involved in the business on a day-to-day basis, or 
whether you and the Board run it independently? I'm sure they would have told you something because I think 
they have been exiƟng businesses in other countries. 
Rakesh Khanna: I can assure you that we have a very professionally managed Board. The Board trusts us and has 
supported us in every acƟon we are taking. They are completely involved at every stage in our decision-making 
and are very encouraging. 
We have a very good Board, and I am very thankful for the kind of support, encouragement, and empowerment 
they have given us to do the kind of business that we are doing and to create the organizaƟon that we have been 
able to create. 
Amrut Kalantri: Okay, sir. No big deal can happen here without your involvement, and any incoming person, if at 
all, would want to meet you. So, are you conﬁrming that you are not involved in any sort of M&A or sellout 
discussions? 
Rakesh Khanna: See, I cannot either conﬁrm or deny anything. There is nothing that I can talk on this subject. 
Amrut Kalantri: Please be transparent with us. You have to tell us whether you are involved or not involved. 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Rakesh Khanna: Such are the quesƟons I am not allowed to answer anywhere, and I am sure you understand 
that these maƩers are conﬁdenƟal. Therefore, there is nothing that I can talk about, and I would appreciate it if 
such quesƟons are not asked also. 
However, since you have asked, I would like to reassure you that we have a very stable, very strong, and very 
good Board having a great ambiƟon for the Company. We are geƫng our team together, and the results are in 
front of you. 
Amrut Kalantri: Fair enough. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Laxman Pandey, you can go ahead with your quesƟon. 
Laxman Pandey: Hi, Sir. Many congratulaƟons on the good set of numbers. I have one quesƟon. When it comes 
to the business of Sewing Machines contribute 81% and home appliances contribute 19%. For the coming year, 
what are the numbers you are looking forward to in percentages when it comes to Sewing Machines and Home 
Appliances? Thank you. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you, Laxman. The business mix is not going to shiŌ dramaƟcally in one or two years 
because our growth ambiƟons are equal in both categories. We are going to grow very well in the Sewing 
Machine business, and we also have strong ambiƟons in the Appliances category. Therefore, I do not see a major 
shiŌ in the proporƟon of the Businesses. We have generally been in the range of 20–25% in Appliances Business 
and around 75–80% in Sewing Machines Business, depending on the quarter and season. 
Laxman Pandey: One last quesƟon regarding your Fan Business. How do you see the tracƟon in the Fan Business? 
Rakesh Khanna: Currently, it is very good. As I said, last quarter we grew by 50%, and the pace of growth we are 
seeing is very good. At present, the limitaƟon is geƫng the supply chain right because there is a lot of labor 
shortage and cost inﬂaƟon. However, we are managing all of them, and the market response is excellent. It is 
very encouraging for us. 
Laxman Pandey: Thank you very much, Sir, and CongratulaƟons on these numbers. Wishing you conƟnued 
success in the business. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you, Laxman. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next, can we have Kush from Care PMS? 
Kush: Hi. I had a couple of quesƟons. My ﬁrst quesƟon is regarding the execuƟon Ɵmeline of the government 
contract. Have we started execuƟon, and has all the growth that we have seen come from the retail channel 
itself, or has there been some contribuƟon from the government contract as well? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes, Kush, the government supplies are going on. We have already completed more than 60% 
of the government supply, and the balance 40% remains. 
The growth has been across channels. We have done well in Government supplies, Retail, and E-commerce. So, 
growth has been strong across all channels. 
Kush: Right. Okay. And by when do we expect the balance order to be completed? 
Rakesh Khanna: Before the beginning of the second half, we should complete the rest of the order. 
Kush: So, within the next two quarters. 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes. 
Kush: Okay. And what kind of growth do we see in the Retail channel, in the Sewing Machine division, going 
forward? Any guidance? And what you menƟoned about the new capex, sorry, is commissioning capacity for 
ZigZag Machines. Can you highlight the capex and what kind of capacity do we plan to start over there? 
Rakesh Khanna: So, we will try to conƟnue to maintain the kind of growth momentum that we have, and we are 
reasonably conﬁdent that we have the capability to sustain this kind of growth momentum. 
Regarding the new manufacturing facility which we are seƫng up now, the capex will be in phases. Although the 
long-term capex in the next 3 years is fairly steep, in the iniƟal formaƟve years, we will stay lean and thin. We 
have taken the factory on a leased basis as of now. We are starƟng with the assembly of the products, and 
components will be outsourced. In some Ɵme, as we start stabilizing, we will start manufacturing the criƟcal 
components in-house. It's a 3-year journey. 
Kush: Overall, over a 3-year period, what can be the capex ﬁgure? 
Rakesh Khanna: In 3 years, the capex can go as high as Rs. 90 crores. 
Kush: Rs. 90 crores? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes, it can go as high as Rs. 90 crores. But as of now, I'm not commiƫng because we are going 
one step at a Ɵme. 
Kush: Sure. And we only plan ZigZag, Industrial, and maybe some Appliances, so these three things are in plan 
for manufacturing, right? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes. As of now, this is it. 
Kush: Okay. And just to understand a bit more about your Sewing Machine growth, what kind of rate has the 
industry grown at? What is happening? AŌer so many years, we are seeing this growth. 
I understand we have done company-level iniƟaƟves, new product introducƟons, etc. But if you can break that 
growth down in some detail, like how much has the industry grown, how much have we grown due to new 
product introducƟons, and how much has been due to distribuƟon? Some more color on this, Sir. 
Rakesh Khanna: Okay. Kush, to the best of our knowledge and understanding, because there is no formal data 
available, the market has been growing at a rate of 4% to 6%. We have gained signiﬁcantly for a few reasons. 
One is with all the iniƟaƟves that we have been taking over the last 3 years, and the new products that we have 
been bringing one aŌer the other. The dealer engagements that we have been making, the kind of service 
improvements that we have done, bringing digital into servicing, and iniƟaƟves like Live Assist and on-call 
resoluƟons. All of them together have created interest in the Singer brand, and we have been able to gain market 
share. The growth has mainly come through increase in market share across channels, be it trade or e-commerce. 
Because this has been built on a very solid foundaƟon, this seems to be sustainable growth for some Ɵme. 
Kush: Okay. And last quesƟon. If you can, give me two breakups: one would be Retail/Trade channel, E-
commerce, and Government sales; and the second would be ZigZag, Industrial, and our original core Black 
Machine sales. 
Rakesh Khanna: Let me tell you about the categories. The total sewing machine market is around Rs. 3,000 
crores. This is the best esƟmate. Out of which, around 55% is the industrial sewing machine business, around Rs. 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
700 crores is the straight-sƟtch household machine business, around Rs. 350 crores is arƟsan, and around Rs. 
250 crores is the zigzag business. So, approximately 55% is industrial, around 35% is household classic cast-iron 
machines, and around 8% is zigzag sewing machines. The growing businesses among them are zigzag and 
industrial sewing machines. 
Kush, Care PMS: Okay. I was asking for our company revenue breakup. What would it be for ZigZag, Industrial, 
and Household? 
Rakesh Khanna: In our case, for the year, ZigZag is approximately 20%, classic Black Machines is approximately 
55%, and Industrial and accessories put together are around 28%. 
Kush, Care PMS: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Can we have the next quesƟon from Dilip? 
Dilip Jain: Good aŌernoon, Sir.  
Dilip Jain: HearƟest congratulaƟons on another great set of numbers. My ﬁrst query was that Q4, in most of the 
years in the past, actually aŌer you have come, has usually been higher by about 10–15% compared to Q3 of 
every year. But in FY25-26, Q3 and Q4 showed almost a similar top line. So, I was just wondering why Q4 was not 
a big bang like every year. 
Rakesh Khanna: Okay. I think Q4 has been good. 
Anuj Kumar Vasdev: We clocked Rs. 166 crores of top line with 37% growth. So, Q4 of FY26 itself has delivered 
37% revenue growth. 
Rakesh Khanna: So, what you're saying is that there is not much of a diﬀerence between Q3 and Q4. Is that your 
quesƟon? 
Dilip Jain: Yes, Sir. 
Rakesh Khanna: There is no reason. I think it's all dependent on the demand. We have been able to supply well. 
There is no speciﬁc reason. Q3 has been very good, and Q4 has been very good. So, there is no speciﬁc reason. 
Anuj Kumar Vasdev: Q3 had a top line of Rs. 160 crores, and Q4 was Rs. 165 crores. So, your point is right, but 
as Rakesh has explained, this is where the growth is heading towards. 
Dilip Jain: Okay. So, this is more of a sustainable rate of sales because of the PMY order that we have. Historically, 
Q3 seems to be an outlier. Q4, aŌer hearing you, is also very good. So, can we expect a similar trend going 
forward? I think it's more of a sustainable level of sales every quarter. Is that fair to assume? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes. As I said, because the growth is coming from all sides and across all categories, it should be 
sustainable. 
Dilip Jain: Great. Very nice, sir. I heard another shareholder who alluded to PMY ﬁnishing up. In the last concall, 
I completely understand these are government orders, so a quarter here or there is no big deal, but we were 
targeƟng June 2026. But should we now move the target to September 2026 for ﬁnishing of this PMY order? 
Rakesh Khanna: Dilip, we supply as many orders as we receive. It works in two parts. One is the total order, and 
then we need to get the allocaƟons regularly. Accordingly, we supply. So, it depends on what kind of allocaƟons 
we are receiving and accordingly we keep on supplying.  
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Dilip Jain: Okay. Has there been some slowdown in the allocaƟons received? 
Rakesh Khanna: I would say that iniƟally, our esƟmate was that allocaƟons would come at one speed. Now they 
are coming at a slightly diﬀerent speed. So, it is a revised esƟmate. 
Dilip Jain: I see. Okay, all right. And do we expect the second one soon? Like we discussed in the last concall, are 
things moving well towards the second PMY order? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes. But it will come as and when it comes. It is a government department. Whenever the order 
comes, we will immediately reach out to you and inform you. 
Dilip Jain: Great, sir. That's very nice. Sir, in the assets and liabiliƟes statement, we have shown about Rs. 11.6 
crores as other intangible assets and about Rs. 8.5 crores as other ﬁnancial assets. Could you please explain what 
these assets are? 
Anuj Kumar Vasdev: Yes, Dilip. Regarding the other intangible assets, we acquired manufacturing rights from 
SVP in November 2025. The value paid was Rs. 11.6 crores. It has been capitalized over a tenure of more than 24 
years and is siƫng in our books as other intangible assets. 
Coming to the other ﬁnancial assets of Rs. 8.49 crores, around Rs. 7 crores relate to ﬁxed deposits placed with 
Yes Bank for a tenure of more than one year. Therefore, it has been classiﬁed as a non-current asset at Rs. 7 
crores of value. 
Dilip Jain: Very nice, Sir. Thank you very much. And lastly, you did share the breakup for the full year across 
diﬀerent types of sewing machines. Could you also provide the breakup for the quarter between Straight SƟtch, 
ArƟsan, Industrial, Zigzag, and Accessories? 
Rakesh Khanna: I can do that, but I don't think it is really the right way to look at it because there is seasonality 
involved. Personally, I believe these raƟos should be looked at on an annual basis. Nevertheless, ZigZag was 
approximately 20%, classic Black Machines were around 55%, and Industrial Machines and accessories together 
were around 30%. So, the mix was broadly similar. 
Dilip Jain: All right, Sir. All the very best from us. We look forward to great Ɵmes ahead. Thank you very much for 
your Ɵme. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you, Dilip. 
Anuj Kumar Vasdev: Thank you, Dilip. 
Moderator: The next quesƟon is from Yogesh. 
Yogesh: Hello. CongratulaƟons on the very good set of numbers, Sir. I just wanted to understand your strategy 
over the next three years. What's driving this demand? Is it more of a shiŌ from the unorganized to the organized 
sector, or do you see this segment upgrading itself? Do you think this will conƟnue for at least the next four to 
ﬁve years? 
Rakesh Khanna: Okay, Yogesh, two parts. First, where is our growth coming from? It's clearly coming from market 
share gains. 
Rakesh Khanna: Second, is this category going to grow? My brief answer is Yes, because the large part of the 
market is the classic black cast-iron machines in India. Globally, these machines are becoming obsolete and 
globally, modern sewing machines dominate sales, whereas in India, zigzag machines for the household are sƟll 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
relaƟvely small and we believe that this category, as we bring Made-in-India machines to the market, in line with 
the Government's vision and our manufacturing plans, these machines will gain greater acceptance as we are 
able to bridge the price gap. Therefore, there will be growth for many years to come because the enƟre market 
is likely to shiŌ, as it has shiŌed globally. 
The second aspect is industrial sewing machines. Again, in line with the Government's vision, it is very likely that 
these machines will be made in India and we are already working in that direcƟon and as these machines 
manufactured in India, the growth opportunity in these machines will also be very signiﬁcant. I do see in the 
coming future, sewing machine category will do very well. 
Yogesh: Considering the populaƟon and assuming consumpƟon picks up over Ɵme, can we say that this sector 
can double in less than ﬁve to six years? 
Rakesh Khanna: I will not make that comment, Yogesh. I can only say that demand for modern machines, where 
we are focusing, is certainly going to grow many fold. Speciﬁcally, with the Government's Make in India iniƟaƟve, 
we believe Indian organisaƟon focusing on technology and manufacturing are likely to be gaining the most. 
Singer India today is well posiƟoned at the forefront of this change. 
Yogesh: And considering that the rupee has depreciated by around 20% over the last one and a half years, would 
that also give us some advantage over imported machines and exports? 
Rakesh Khanna: As of now, we are not very keenly looking at exports. We think India for India itself is a huge 
opportunity that we need to be targeƟng. Within India, once we are able to make in India, the costs will deﬁnitely 
be lower. It is about seƫng up the supply chain for components, it’s going to the journey that we have to take 
up and we are very conﬁdent that it is a worthwhile journey. 
Yogesh: Okay. As our scale will increase so the beneﬁts of operaƟng leverage and indigenizaƟon help improve 
margins? 
Rakesh Khanna: It should. It is very logical what you're saying. 
Yogesh: Okay. All the best, sir, and thank you very much. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you, Yogesh. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next quesƟon we'll have from Amrut Kalantri. 
Amrut Kalantri: So, just one quesƟon. Our return on capital employed is less, and we're also siƫng on almost 
Rs. 83 crores of cash, but the dividend you have announced is only Rs. 0.40, right, if I'm not wrong. Why don't 
you pay out a larger one-Ɵme dividend? You have cash, and that will increase your return on capital employed 
(ROCE). That will help give back cash to shareholders. And since the business is generaƟng cash and good 
margins, you always have access to debt to fund any capex that you plan. So, what's you think about it? Because 
I'm seeing that since 2023, we have had around Rs. 80 crores of cash. What's the use of that? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yeah. So, I will answer the quesƟon in two parts. The ﬁrst is about the dividend. I think the 
dividend has to be seen in the way that we are seƫng a direcƟon now that we are clearly set on a proﬁtable 
journey ahead. That's the way to see the dividend. 
In terms of the cash lying with us, we are clear that we are going to deploy the cash for posiƟve opportuniƟes, 
and there are many opportuniƟes coming our way. We are exploring the opportuniƟes, and we do plan to invest 
this cash proﬁtably in catapulƟng the organizaƟon to the new level. 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Amrut Kalantri: And by when would you be making these investments? 
Rakesh Khanna: You see, we are constantly evaluaƟng and exploring opportuniƟes, and as we come to the right 
plan, we will deﬁnitely come back to you and share our plan. 
Amrut Kalantri: So, this is just a suggesƟon. It's not that we generated this cash this year. We have been siƫng 
on this cash since 2023. It's almost 3–4 years. 
If you don't get any opportuniƟes over this year, then ideally, I think you should pay out a big chunk of this as at 
least a one-Ɵme dividend. That would help your metrics and beneﬁt shareholders. Please do discuss it. 
Rakesh Khanna: No, we understand, and we are aware that the cash needs to be posiƟvely deployed and needs 
to be more producƟvely uƟlized. But having said that, we will be careful wherever we invest the cash because it 
should be a good, strong opportunity. 
Anuj Kumar Vasdev: Also, Amrut, just on this point. If you look at our ROCE this year, we have touched almost 
10%, which by any standard is beƩer compared to last year, for sure. Second, as we are going to deploy capex in 
the upcoming Bhiwadi locaƟon, which will be a factory setup, that is going to be another. During the year, we 
have also been able to carve cash on a working capital basis also in parallel manner what we generated from 
operaƟons. So, one was proﬁtability, and the second was improved working capital management. All these are 
healthy parameters, and our balance sheet is staking up right now. 
Amrut Kalantri: I agree. The working capital improvement is good. But you would agree that 10% is not a great 
metric from a business perspecƟve. No one does business for a 10% return. 
I appreciate the Bhiwadi point as well, but I sƟll think you'll have excess cash. This is just a suggesƟon that if 
you're not going to use it for one or two years, then I think you should return it to shareholders. 
Rakesh Khanna: Well, noted. Thank you. 
Amrut Kalantri: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next quesƟon will be from Ashok Jain. 
Ashok Jain: Thanks for giving me one more chance. Sir, I just wanted to know about your Tailor Mate machine. I 
think the price point is very similar to the Black machines. Can you throw some light on the Tailor Mate machine 
and how it is going to fare in the near future? 
Rakesh Khanna: Oh, yes. As I said, the classic black cast-iron machines have more or less become obsolete 
globally. Consumers are deﬁnitely looking for a more modern and easier-to-use machine. With that belief, we 
introduced these machines, which are motorized, light in weight, and designed for basic sewing purposes. Priced 
at a similar price point as a classic black machines, these machines have got a very good level of interest from 
consumers and trade partners. 
Based on this success, we will conƟnue to put more eﬀorts in designing and introducing beƩer machines in this 
category, and seeing how we can transform the Indian sewing machine to more modern, consumer-friendly, 
easy-to-use, and durable sewing machines. 
Ashok Jain: Great, sir. And from a usage point of view, can a tailor who uses a black machine use the Tailor Mate 
machine without aƩending your sewing classes? 
Rakesh Khanna: Oh, these machines are as easy to learn as the black machines, or even easier. 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 

                                                                                                           Q4 FY25-26 Investor Conference Call Transcript                                    
                                                                                                                                                                       May 29, 2026                               
 
Ashok Jain: Oh, great, sir. This is basically your R&D eﬀort that brought this machine to the market? 
Rakesh Khanna: Yes. 
Ashok Jain: Very, very great. Great job done. Thank you so much, Sir. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you, Ashok. 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take this as the last quesƟon. We'll now have the closing remarks from the 
management. 
Rakesh Khanna: Thank you, Marazban, and Thank You, Emkay Global, for hosƟng this call. Thanks to all the 
listeners for your conƟnued interest in and support of the organizaƟon. Wishing you all a very happy year ahead 
and a successful next ﬁnancial year. Thank you, everyone. 
Anuj Kumar Vasdev: Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of Emkay Global, we will now end the conference.  
Thank you, everyone, for joining and may exit from the link.  
 
e SINGER. 
ORIGINAL SINCE 1851. 
