 
 
         May 29, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Tower  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E)  Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA  
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended – Transcript of the Investors’ 
Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we enclose the 
transcript of Investors’ Conference Call for audited standalone and consolidated financial 
results for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2026, held on May 26, 2026. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/investors/financials/quarterly-results. 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
        Yours faithfully,  
 
  
        For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited  
  
  
  
Deepanjali Gulati  
            Company Secretary  
 
~ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 
A Jubilant Bhartia Company 
--- 0URVAWES ---
Jubilant lngrevia Limited 
I -A. Secto, 16-A. 
Noida-20 1 307, UP, India 
Tel: + 91 120 4361000 
Fax: +91 120 4234895-96 
www.jubilantingrevia.com 
Regd Office: 
Bha, Liagram, Gajraula 
Distt. Amroha - ?'1'1 ??3 
Utta, Pradesh, India 
CIN: U24299UP2019PLC122657 
Deepanjali 
Gulati
Digitally signed by 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Date: 2026.05.29 18:21:47 
+05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
List of management attendees 
 
1. Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman 
2. Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director 
3. Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO – Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
4. Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head – Investor Relations 
 
 
External participants during Q&A session 
 
1. Siddharth Gadekar, Equirus 
2. Abhijit Akella, Kotak 
3. Harsh Shah, Rare Enterprises 
4. Archit Joshi, Nuvama 
5. Srishti Jain, Monarch 
6. Nitesh Dhoot, Anand Rathi 
 
 
 
 
~ 7 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 
~ 7 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Jubliant Ingrevia Limited  
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 26, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia's Q4 and 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor 
Relations at Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the 
Fourth Quarter Financial Year 2026 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited.  
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today 
could be forward-looking in nature, and a detailed disclaimer in this regard 
has been included in the press release and results presentation that has 
been shared on our website.  
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Deepak Jain, 
CEO and Managing Director and Mr. Varun Gupta, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to all of you.  
We are pleased to report a healthy performance in Q4 and FY '26. We had 
the highest quarterly revenue and EBITDA in Q4 FY '26 when compared with 
last 14 quarters with healthy double-digit growth in both top line and bottom 
line, reflecting our strong execution. Specialty Chemicals had the best 
quarterly revenue at Rs. 516 crore. A key highlight for the quarter was our 
effective handling of the Middle East crisis with no force majeure and 0 
production loss. The other highlights include successful dispatch of our newly 
constructed agro CDMO facility and the acquisition of Remidex to accelerate 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 
~ 7 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
the growth of our Human Nutrition business. The Board has recommended 
a final dividend of Rs. 2.5 per share, 250% and taking a total FY '26 dividend 
to Rs. 5 per share 500% with the total cash outflow of Rs. 79.8 crore. 
 
Now let me take you through an update on the markets we operate in. 
Overall, chemical industries demand remains resilient despite Middle East 
disruptions. Volumes continue to grow, while the pricing has firmed up due 
to higher crude linked costs and effective pass-through to customers. 
Pharmaceuticals continue to anchor growth with strong volumes and 
consistent demand. Agrochemicals saw strong growth with robust export 
visibility and successful price increases, especially in second half of the 
quarter. Nutrition and Personal Care markets witnessed volume and price-
led growth driven by niacinamide with strong demand in feed and cosmetics.  
Now let me share a few details on our future outlook. Early outcomes of our 
Pinnacle Journey are clearly visible in our performance with strong EBITDA 
growth and improving portfolio mix, enhanced customer relationship and a 
robust opportunity pipeline, more efficient cost structure and balance sheet. 
With improving volume demand and escalated pricing, we are confident of 
sustained growth going forward across our segments. 
 
For FY '27, we expect growth to be led by Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition 
along with recovery in acetyls. We are expecting a sequential growth in 
revenue and EBITDA in coming quarters, starting from Q1 FY '27 itself. We 
continue to invest further in our business. The construction of the Gajraula 
MPP plant is progressing well. This will further strengthen our CDMO growth 
road map. 
 
With this, I hand over to Deepak. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Chairman. Thank you, everyone, for joining. We appreciate your 
participation in the Q4 FY26 investor call.  
Over the past year, we have made a strong progress across all strategic 
pillars, building long-term growth while managing global challenges 
effectively. Despite Middle East disruptions impacting supply and prices, our 
diversified sourcing and agility ensured minimal disruption with effective cost 
pass-through. Strong customer engagement and timely renegotiations have 
strengthened resilience, reflected in improved performance in Q4. 
 
Let me first share the overall business update for Q4 and FY26. Q4 recorded 
highest revenue in 14 quarters at Rs. 1,179 crore, up 12% year-on-year, 
driven by 10% volume growth. EBITDA stood at Rs. 172 crore, up 11% year-
on-year and 26% quarter-on-quarter. PAT was Rs. 86 crore, up 17% year-
on-year and 84% quarter-on-quarter.  
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Net debt by EBITDA improved to 0.99x. Our net debt has reduced by 11% in 
2026. In Specialty Chemicals, revenue stood at Rs. 516 crore, rose 6% year-
on-year and 13% quarter-on-quarter. EBITDA stood at Rs. 139 crore with 
margins at 27%, which we have maintained for last 6 quarters.  
FY26 revenue stood at Rs. 1,937 crore, up 7%; EBITDA stood at Rs. 510 
crore, up 21%. During the quarter, Specialty Chemicals showed strong 
momentum driven by volume recovery despite stable pricing with margins 
rising above 27%, reflecting robust fundamentals and resilience. 
 
Our Pyridine and derivatives showed strong volume growth. Our Fine 
Chemicals and Diketene derivatives recorded steady quarter-on-quarter and 
strong year-on-year growth. Our CDMO business progressed well with 
higher realizations and commencement of a large agro contract, reflecting a 
shift towards value-added products.  
In Nutrition business, segment revenue stood at Rs. 230 crore, up 21% year-
on-year and 15% quarter-on-quarter. Segment EBITDA stood at Rs. 32 
crore, up by 42% quarter-on-quarter and margin stood at 14%. FY26 revenue 
stood at Rs. 790 crore and EBITDA at Rs. 100 crore. In our Nutrition & Health 
Solutions business, we witnessed a strong recovery during the quarter with 
growth driven predominantly by volume across segments. Growth was led by 
niacinamide, supported by cosmetics demand. Choline has also improved 
with surge in exports in Europe. We completed acquisition of Remidex 
Pharma, expanding presence in Human Nutrition and Premix Solutions. 
 
In Chemical Intermediates business, revenue stood at Rs. 433 crore, up 15% 
year-on-year and 10% quarter-on-quarter. Segment EBITDA improvement 
supported by cost pass-through.  
In our Chemical Intermediates business, domestic volumes improved on the 
back of strong agrochemical and paracetamol demand. We remain optimistic 
about recovery supported by European force majeure events and plant 
closures. While Middle East disruptions firmed up input costs, rising acetic 
acid prices have set the stage for a favorable pricing outlook for the segment 
going forward. 
 
Let me just give a quick update on Pinnacle Journey as well. We launched 
our Pinnacle Journey almost 2 years back. I am glad to share that we have 
made significant progress across all pillars of the journey, leading to the 
creation of a strong foundation for future growth. A few highlights: Number 
one, across businesses, we delivered strong volume growth. Nutrition saw 
highest B3 volumes in 8 quarters and steady choline growth. Acetyls 
improved volumes and pricing with market share gains in Europe. Specialty 
continued momentum in Pyridine, Fine Chemicals and CDMO shipments.  
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Number two, driven by our customer-centric approach, we now have 100-
plus opportunities with almost Rs. 3,500 crore potential with 20-plus 
confirmed molecules and additional pipeline of 10-plus advanced stage 
molecules, which have peak potential of Rs. 1,100 crore. 
 
From an operations and ESG perspective, we achieved Rs. 120 crore lean 
savings and glad to share that we achieved 97th percentile in S&P Global 
CSA ranking. We also successfully commissioned Bharuch CDMO plant in 
record 14 months, reflecting strong execution. WEF Lighthouse Award and 
successful USFDA audit of our Bharuch site are testament to the world-class 
infrastructure we are creating at our plants. 
 
From a people and organization perspective, we strengthened leadership 
with key senior hires in almost every department of our organization, such as 
supply chain, manufacturing, HR, businesses, design and technology and so 
on, and we transitioned to a vertical structure to drive focused growth across 
nutrition, pharma, agro, cosmetics, industrial and semicon segments. We 
invested heavily in our R&D and technical teams in the last 2 years.  
From an awards and recognition perspective, we were certified as a Great 
Place to Work and ranked among the top 50 companies in the country in 
manufacturing sector. We were also recognized with the Golden Peacock 
Award and a British Safety distinction.  
On the M&A front, we completed the acquisition of Remidex Pharma to 
strengthen our Human Nutrition premixes portfolio. 
 
The early results from these initiatives have already started to show in our 
financial results in the last 2 years. For instance, our EBITDA has grown by 
almost 33% in last 2 years despite tough market demand and declining 
prices. Our Q4 FY26 run rate EBITDA is 70% plus higher than Q4 FY24 
EBITDA, signaling the pace of improvement we could showcase in last 2 
years. Portfolio mix moving in favor of specialty and nutrition, contributing 
almost 85% plus of overall EBITDA. Specialty EBITDA almost doubling in 
last 2 years. improved net working capital at 59 days, leading to a more 
efficient balance sheet and a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.99. 
 
This strong foundation and the early results give us the confidence that our 
Pinnacle strategy is working well. FY27 is a pivotal year in this journey, where 
we are hoping to accelerate our growth, starting with Q1 FY27 itself. 
 
We will now be happy to address any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. First question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Siddharth Gadekar: Hi, first question is on the Chemical Intermediates business. So how should 
one think about the spreads in 1Q given that we have seen a very sharp 
improvement in both ethyl acetate and acetic anhydride spreads globally? 
And beyond 1Q also, how should we think given we have now entered into a 
falling environment. Should we expect any inventory losses beyond 1Q? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, that is a good question, Siddharth. And as I think most of us have seen 
different cycles in the acetyls business, particularly in acetic anhydride. So, 
you are absolutely right. When the war began in late February, we saw a 
sudden escalation in the raw material prices. But given our typical approach 
of having raw material inventory and locking in the raw material at the right 
price at the right time in an agile way, we started to see some benefits of that 
coming in last quarter itself as reflected in the acetyls business results for Q4 
FY26. And we are hopeful that those benefits will continue in Q1 as well in a 
strong way. 
 
Besides that, a lot depends on what happens to pricing in coming months. 
As you rightly said, we are already seeing acetic acid prices coming down. 
We have been very thoughtful in the way we have purchased inventory and 
the kind of stocks we maintained when the prices were at their peak. So we 
are hopeful that whatever inventory impact has to come, we will be able to 
nullify within this quarter or at best in the early part of next quarter and hence, 
minimize any negative impact coming from that in Q2. 
Siddharth Gadekar: Okay. That is very helpful. Secondly, on the CDMO business, so what was 
our revenue growth in CDMO for FY26? And the entire was classified into 
specialty chemicals or there was some part of it in the Nutrition business 
also? 
Deepak Jain: 
No. So, our CDMO business, currently, all the revenues are recognized 
within the specialty business itself. And as I have mentioned in the past also. 
We never disclosed the exact number or exact size of the CDMO business, 
but it has been growing at a very healthy rate, almost 30% to 40% every year. 
Even last year, we have seen that kind of growth. With the advent of some 
of the big contracts and other opportunities that we have won, we are hoping 
it will start to accelerate its growth in FY27 further. 
Siddharth Gadekar: And given that we have highlighted the number of projects that we are in 
discussion with, are any projects in the early stage or late stages? And can 
we expect any closures in FY27? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, I think if you saw our announcement in the investor presentation also, 
even in the last quarter, we added 8 new molecules to the 15-odd molecules 
that I had announced in the last quarter. So every quarter, we are securing 
new molecules. Of course, not every molecule is a scaled molecule or 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
commercialized molecules to start with, and there is a ramp-up period to the 
scale up. 
 
And the true impact of these opportunities will start to reflect in the P&L in 
coming quarters. But to your precise question, yes, we do have a couple of 
late-stage opportunities in the hopper, which we are hoping to convert. And 
particularly one of them is reasonably sized. As and when that gets secured, 
we will, of course, come back and announce to the market. 
Siddharth Gadekar: Just last question on the Nutrition acquisition. Can you just speak about what 
benefits could we have from that? And what is our strategy going ahead with 
that acquisition? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. I think as we announced even in our presentation last year in Investor 
Day, Human Nutrition is a vertical which we are trying to create within our 
broader Nutrition vertical. We already have a couple of products in our 
portfolio, which go into Human Nutrition segment, such as Vitamin B3 and 
Vitamin B4, which is choline salts. So we already have access to all the 
customers. Our customers have been asking us if we can also start to do 
premixes and specialty products for them. 
 
So the idea of acquiring this business is to forward integrate into that segment 
and leverage both our strength in discrete molecules and the customer 
relationships that we already have and provide them an integrated solution. 
And the traction that we are getting with the customers is actually quite 
strong. Of course, we did not have the capacity, and with this acquisition, we 
have the capacity as well as some existing customer relationships. 
 
But that, topped up with the strengths we already have in our Nutrition 
business with all those customer relationships and the molecules, we are 
hoping we will be able to scale up that business pretty rapidly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good evening. Thank you so much for taking my questions. First, with regard 
to the outlook for the sequential growth in EBITDA every quarter going 
forward coming year, would it be possible to offer any form of quantification 
regarding what sort of growth we should expect for the quarter ahead and for 
the full year ahead? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, Abhijit. I think we have been pretty consistent in saying that if we take 
our EBITDA, we aspire to get at least 20% year-on-year growth in EBITDA 
on the full year basis. I think the challenge in giving quarterly growth rates is 
because one contract moving up and down by a few weeks can make things 
look very staggered. So that is why we do not give that guidance. 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
But we will stick to our overall guidance of achieving at least 20% growth in 
EBITDA through the year. And if you just take a linear trajectory to that, 
hopefully, we will be able to get that on a quarterly basis as well. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it. Thank you. And of the CDMO order book we have assembled now, 
how much of a contribution should we expect from the $300 million contract 
in the upcoming year? And then also the remaining part of the Rs. 1,500 
crore order book, how should we expect these to contribute during the 
upcoming year? 
Deepak Jain: 
The big contract and a quick update on that. I think I have been giving it on 
every investor call. The project actually started in March, as we had promised 
to all of you. And we started shipping the material also in March. 
 
And then currently, we are shipping the material to the customer. We are 
discussing with them about various volume scenarios for rest of the year. 
And once we have that firm plan with them, we will be able to give any 
guidance on that. 
 
But that does form a main pillar of the overall growth projections for this year, 
as we have communicated in the past. On your broader question on the 
pipeline of opportunities, these are opportunities which are in different 
stages. Some of them are, let us say, if I take some of the pharma sector 
opportunities, these are Phase II, Phase III opportunities. 
 
And hence, in the beginning, they will be relatively small. But as they scale 
up, as the customers move forward in their overall development journey, we 
should be able to scale up those products, while some others to start with will 
be, let us say Rs. 10 crore, Rs. 20 crore, Rs. 30 crore kind of opportunities. 
 
There is a mixed bag there. But as I mentioned, I think in the last investor call 
also, generally, the trend at the overall portfolio level for these new 
opportunities, what we expect is in the first year, they give at least 20%, 25% 
of their peak revenue. 
 
By second year, they give 50% to 60%. And by third year, they give 80% plus 
revenue. While each opportunity will have its own life cycle, but at a portfolio 
level also, I think we should be able to mirror that trend to gain incremental 
growth in our portfolio. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Thank you. That is helpful. And just one last one from my side. The capital 
work-in-progress on the balance sheet seems to have come down to about 
Rs. 150 crore. In light of that, what is the capex number we should work with 
for  
fiscal '27? 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Varun Gupta: 
Hi, Abhijit, Varun here. See, capital work in progress has come down a bit 
because we have capitalized our CDMO plant in March. To your question, in 
2027, as we have indicated earlier, we will continue with the range of Rs. 400 
crore to Rs. 500 crore of yearly capex to continue to invest behind our growth. 
The big capex is coming into Gajraula MPP, which we have announced 
earlier, which will be finished this year and will go in to commence production 
in quarter 4. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Rare 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is on the pinnacle growth 
journey, from here on, we have to achieve the same objectives of that is 3x 
revenue and 4x EBITDA, but now in the next 4 years. So, what specific 
growth levers, business drivers or strategic initiatives gives the management 
confidence that such aggressive targets are still achievable? 
Deepak Jain: 
That is a good question. Like I said, if I just talk in terms of EBITDA, if we are 
able to achieve our, let us say, between 20% to 25% growth every year, we 
will be largely on track. There was some growth we had assumed coming 
inorganically in that growth journey, pinnacle growth journey as we 
announced even in our Investor Day. 
 
We still feel confident that by FY30, we should be able to take our EBITDA 
organically to the ranges that we announced in the Investor Day. And 
obviously, one big assumption which I keep calling out is the pricing, which 
has surprised all of us. 
 
Now with the recent disruptions, we have seen pricing coming back in some 
segments. We are hopeful that at least part of that will stay. If that happens, 
then we feel confident that we should be able to track back on the journey 
that we have find and the vision that we have defined, as well. 
Harsh Shah: 
My next question is, the company had signed the $300 million contract during 
October 2024, while the commercial deliveries have begun just now from 
March onwards. At the time of signing, the U.S. dollar to INR exchange was 
at around $84 per, whereas the rupee has now depreciated significantly, and 
it is around $96 per. Could the management elaborate on whether the 
company stands to benefit through higher rupee revenues? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, that if you see on a standalone basis, that I do not think is the right way 
of looking at it. First of all, you have to appreciate that at an overall company 
level, we have a huge amount of imports which come in. In fact, our dollar-
based import bill is as big as our exports in the last fiscal year. So we are 
naturally hedged at a company level. 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Number two, in the context of the specific contract you talked about, we have 
a bunch of raw materials we will be sourcing from different geographies, 
which will also come on dollar. And obviously, as we were constructing the 
plant, some equipment were also imported. If you take all of those into 
account, we still feel there will be some positive impact, but it will not be just 
as linear, as you said that Rs. 84 becoming Rs. 95 and what is the benefit 
coming into the P&L. 
Harsh Shah: 
All right. So on the semiconductor side, when can we expect the revenues 
coming to us? 
Deepak Jain: 
We already have some revenues coming in, but very small. And as I have 
been very explicit about it, semiconductor chemicals we are focusing from a 
long-term growth journey perspective. We do have almost a dozen different 
projects, which we are working on, and we have also supplied commercial 
volumes in small quantities to the customers. 
We are getting good traction from the customer. But at the same time, 
customers in this segment as you will appreciate, like to move slowly and 
they want to get absolute level of comfort that they can start using materials 
supplied by any supplier, including ourselves to their customer and without 
creating any disruption because even an iota of deviation can have huge 
implications. 
So we expect a slow ramp-up in that segment, but our number of 
opportunities are definitely increasing. The traction, I just came back about 2 
weeks back from Japan, the number of new opportunities we could add has 
only increased. And there are more number of international semiconductor 
chemical companies, which are looking for partners in India, and we are in 
touch with a couple of them and having some healthy discussions. Of course, 
these things are taking longer than what normally any other sector in 
chemicals world will take because it is a very sensitive segment, which 
moves slowly and in a calibrated manner. 
Harsh Shah: 
All right. One final question from my side. The company has been highlighting 
CDMO as a key long-term growth driver, particularly in the agrochemicals 
segment. Could the management provide an update on where the company 
currently stands in terms of securing CDMO contracts from global 
agrochemical majors apart from the two that we have already secured? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. We have given the update on that in every investor call. Agro is a key 
segment for us. Almost 20% of our business comes from agro segment at an 
overall company level also. The two molecules we won and we have 
executed both of them successfully, first time right and in record time, that 
has been hugely acknowledged and appreciated not just by those two 
customers, but also by the broader agrochemical industry, including some of 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
our peers. And on the back of that, the traction we are getting with all 5 or 6 
top innovators is actually at the highest level that we ever had.  
And as we speak, there are at least more than half a dozen molecules that 
we are in various stages of discussions with the customers. The challenge in 
agrochemical industry, as I think most of you already know has been that it 
has been moving very slowly and there are massive cost pressures coming 
from China as well. 
So as a result, while things are moving in the right direction, they have been 
slower than what, let us say, in normal times, they would have been. But 
having said that, we are getting traction with the customer. Even now, like I 
said, there are at least actually more than 6 to 8 different opportunities that 
are in various stages of discussions with the agro customers. 
But I think just stepping back, our CDMO opportunity is broader than that as 
our pipeline also shows. While agro is one part of it. The pharma side we 
have made a meaningful progress with our pipeline becoming almost 3x of 
what it was 1.5 years, 2 years back. On the Personal Care side, also, we are 
getting some exciting opportunities and we are working on them. We have 
won a couple of them, and we are in the process of advanced stage of 
discussions with a few of them. So that CDMO story is broader than just agro, 
but we do have a good number of opportunities in agro as well that we are 
discussing with the customers. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Participants you may press star and one to ask a 
question. Next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from Nuvama. Please 
go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Hi. Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking my question and congrats on a 
good set of numbers. First one, trying a bit on the previous issue discussed 
by an earlier participant. What would be the building blocks for growth, not 
looking at it from a quarterly perspective, but on a yearly basis since there 
have been deliberations regarding the innovator contract with regards to their 
position in the global market. 
What is it that we fetch from them? Do we really have a clear path of 
recouping volumes if there has been a loss or a delay that we have seen in 
the beginning of the quarter, maybe because it started towards the end of 
March. Do we see that we might be able to execute the 60 million yearly trade 
with them in terms of revenues? That would be the first one. 
Second one, I will just club it up. So we have written that our pipeline in the 
pharma piece within the CDMO segment has gone up by 3x in 2 years and 
this is with innovators and Tier 1 CDMOs. So is there a scope of entrenching 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
into some pharma majors also? And if there are any opportunities or rather 
tangible opportunities that you might want to highlight to us so that we can 
pencil in that kind of growth for FY'27 within CDMO. That would be it, sir? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Archit. All good questions. Let me just take them one by 
one. I think your first question was what are the multiyear growth drivers, I 
think they remain same as what we announced in the Investor Day. There is 
no change in our strategy. So bulk of the incremental growth in our business 
is supposed to come, number one from our fine chemicals business, where 
we have Pyridine derivatives, diketene derivatives and we are launching 
several other new molecules, including some of the cosmetic grade 
molecules. 
Number two, the CDMO opportunities, which as I was just explaining as a 
response to the previous question, across agro, pharma, semiconductor and 
increasingly now in personal care space as well. Number three, our nutrition 
portfolio, where both on animal nutrition and human nutrition, we are taking 
both organic and inorganic moves. 
These three will be the fundamental drivers of both growth and profitability 
going forward. And on top of that, as we saw recently and I explained as a 
response to one of the questions, if acetyls come back and stay where it is 
right now, that will also give us some fillip. These four building blocks 
essentially should help us accelerate our growth journey and FY27 being the 
middle year or let us say, the third year of our Pinnacle Journey. 
We see this as a pivotal year in which if these four things come together, we 
should be able to show the acceleration that you are talking about. So that is 
part one. The part two of your question was about the big agro contract. Of 
course, the customer is going through some tough times and we are in 
constant touch with them. We have an excellent relationship with them. They 
have been very supportive of us and so are we very supportive of whatever 
is happening there. 
So far, they gave us the visibility for first quarter of volumes, which is what 
we are serving in this quarter as per the plan and agreement with them. For 
future volume visibility, they are building their scenarios and the market has 
been very dynamic as well. So it is taking a little bit of time.  
But we do have an understanding as well as commitment from them that just 
in case there is any shortfall in volumes, they will make us whole as per the 
contractual agreement. We are fully covered and we will go as per the 
projections that we have committed to the markets in terms of bottom line. 
The part three of your question was about pharma. Sorry, just repeat the 
question. What was the third question, on pharma? 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Archit Joshi: 
Yes. I was just wanting to know the pipeline that we have built over the last 
2 years, you have mentioned in the PPT that it is gone up by 3x, 3x rather. 
And with innovators and Tier 1 CDMOs, just wanted a better elaboration of 
that, whether this is something that is newly blowing up as a growth 
opportunity for us, pharma CDMO particularly because we have seen a few 
peers who are doing extremely well in the pharma intermediate side, making 
disproportionate margin. 
 
So, are we taking up that track over there? Or is it the same piece of Pyridine 
business that you used to cater to some of the large pharma guys? So how 
do we think about this, if you can help us understand? 
Deepak Jain: 
No, that is again, a good question. On the pharma; one, obviously, if you 
track pharma CDMO, particularly on the intermediate side, you would 
appreciate that if we are focusing on Phase II, Phase III opportunities, it takes 
at least four, five, six years before the opportunity gets to a commercial scale. 
So, point number one, most of the intermediate opportunities we are focusing 
on currently are in Phase II, Phase III. The scale-up will happen gradually 
with time as the customer also scale up those molecules. 
 
Number two, to your question on whether these are just Pyridine-based or 
more broad-based, these are broad-based opportunities, are more linked to 
the kind of chemistries we have strength in. So only 25% to 30% of this 
pipeline we have created in pharma is Pyridine-based, 70% is non-Pyridine. 
 
So, customers are recognizing our broad-based capabilities beyond just 
Pyridine as a molecule in the broader chemistries. And we have 30-plus 
chemistries where we operate. And in our discussions, we have educated 
the customers, and we are still doing it every time we go and meet them. And 
on the back of it, we are getting good traction with them. 
 
Thirdly, obviously, given that we were not promoting our pharma CDMO as 
actively until a few years back, and we have started this journey only a couple 
of years back. So, customers are internalizing that and hence, even the 
quality of the portfolio and the leads is also improving. And that is why we 
have mentioned explicitly now we have opportunities coming from innovators 
as well, which is a good point for us because of the pipeline we have. 
 
I think almost one-third or close to 40% will be coming from innovators now, 
which augurs well for future years because on the back of it, we will not only 
start working with them on these Phase II, Phase III opportunities, but as we 
gain their credibility, we are hopeful we will be able to get into some already 
commercialized opportunities, which can give us step change kind of scale 
and growth in coming years. 
 
By and large, if I just look at even…you mentioned some of the players in the 
industry are doing well, but you need to track the history and see that they 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
took a few years before they establish themselves as a credible CDMO 
player and then only they started to scale up. So, we are in the second or 
third year of that journey, but we are getting good traction and we will start 
scaling up hopefully starting this year itself. And then some of the 
opportunities that we are currently tracking can give us nonlinear growth in 
the outer years of this Pinnacle Journey. 
Archit Joshi: 
Right, sir, of course. As you rightly mentioned, it takes some bit of time to 
develop that pipeline. The only understanding that I wanted was since you 
mentioned Phase II, Phase III, and we have seen a lot of lumpiness in those 
kind of revenues with other companies because sometimes you kind of hit 
the wall when it comes to synthesizing a particular molecule and then you 
have to go back to pavilion to rework things and try to find newer 
opportunities. 
 
Are we also you know I just wanted to know or rather understand if we are 
embarking upon that journey wherein, we are pegged to certain innovator 
APIs, which are in the development phase. And in the light of the day, we 
hopefully get in their supply chain. So would that be a correct understanding. 
Deepak Jain: 
That seems the correct understanding, that is the correct understanding. All 
the molecules which we have currently or recently received from the 
innovators, they feed into some APIs, which the innovators are developing. 
Now to your point, it can play either ways, right? If the molecule is successful, 
goes through the whole journey, it can scale up in a big way. And because 
we will be one of the early ones to enter that value chain, hopefully, we will 
scale up with them. 
 
But at the same time, there will be some natural mortality rate to these 
molecules. At this stage, it is difficult to predict. The only thing we can do 
from our side is just keep the funnel wide enough so that even if you adjust 
it for the probability of any kind of mortality, the rest of the portfolio still has a 
good number of opportunities for us to scale up the pharma CDMO, which I 
think we have announced and we presented even in our Investor Day 
presentation that the pharma CDMO business we want to take it to at least 
3x to 4x of its current size. 
 
So, the pipeline that we are working on and the pace at which we are adding 
new molecules, which now we have started to announce in the last 2 
quarters, gives you a sense at which we want to scale up so that the funnel 
is wide enough to take care of any kind of mortality, which anyway happens 
in this business in a natural way. 
Archit Joshi: 
Sure. That is great. Thanks for the answer. Just one last, the capex that we 
should build in for FY27, if you could help us with that? And thanks, and all 
the best. 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Varun Gupta: 
Archit, Varun here, on the capex, I mean, I mentioned to Abhijit also just on 
the call, we are looking into a range of INR500 crore of the capex next year, 
and it is in line with what we have given the indication to the market during 
our Investor Day that we will continue to invest behind our growth. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Srishti Jain from Monarch. 
Please, go ahead. 
Srishti Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Can you just share your thoughts on the 
demand-supply scenario in the Pyridine side and the possible reasons for 
muted pricing there? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. First of all, I am happy that the question on Pyridine is coming 45 
minutes into the call, given the change in focus of our portfolio. So, thank you 
for asking that question. But Pyridine is an old molecule, and we are global 
leaders in that. We are world is biggest in terms of sales. 
 
We have capacity of about 50,000 tons for Pyridine and Picoline and we run 
our plants at 90% plus utilization levels. 
 
The rest of the capacity in Pyridine is in China, which is to the best of our 
understanding, about 2.5 lakhs to 3 lakhs tons. The plants in China typically 
run at 30%, 40% utilization levels, while obviously, our plant, as I just 
mentioned, is running at 90% plus utilization. There are 2 factors which help 
us in Pyridine business. One is, given our long history and extreme focus on 
that business, we have been able to optimize our cost structure to have a 
level of competitiveness, which is better than even the Chinese. 
 
Number two is, obviously, the world is seeing China Plus One trend very 
strongly. And hence, anybody who wants to buy Pyridine, Picoline or any of 
their derivatives, they do want to have at least one more partner or supplier 
outside of China. And since we are the only ones, they partner with us for 
their requirements. I hope I answered your question. 
Srishti Jain: 
Yes. So, this 30% to 40% utilization of the Chinese facilities, right, is there 
any change in that? Or the price - like the question was that is there a reason 
for the muted pricing? Or you expect any changes in the pricing scenario? 
Deepak Jain: 
See, the Pyridine and Picoline pricing, if you track back last 10, 15, 20 years, 
you will always see some volatility in that, and particularly the 2 main 
products, the Pyridine and Beta Picoline they go hand-in-glove together. If 
one goes up, second comes down, if second goes up, first comes down. 
 
But if you look at the average pricing, it hovers between $2.5 to $3.5, $4 if 
you just take a multi-month average and then plot it on the curve. Right now, 
as we speak, for Pyridine prices, they are very low, in fact, at the rock bottom 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
right now. And while the beta-picoline prices are at the highest level, higher 
than what at least I have seen even in the last years. 
So it is very hard to predict when one goes up, other comes down, but they 
kind of balance things out and that is how at least we have been able to 
manage the volatility in that business and still take margins on that product 
because it is very core for us. And it impacts not just the building block, but 
also all the downstream products, which we do in our Fine Chemicals. 
Srishti Jain: 
So that is perfect. And sir, one on our revenues in the rest of the world has 
seen strong growth. Are there any new geographies that we are focusing on? 
And do you want to probably throw some light there? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, because we have Japan, we have Southeast Asia and particularly in 
our Nutrition and Personal Care businesses, we are getting good traction 
from Japan, Korea and Southeast Asian markets. That is one factor which is 
showing the sudden rise of rest of the world. 
Srishti Jain: 
In this inflationary environment, our Specialty Chem EBITDA margins are at 
about 26%, 26.5%. What do you think is the sustainable margin here? 
Deepak Jain: 
So we have been pretty consistent in saying for the last 6 quarters now that 
the sustainable margin for our Specialty Chemical portfolio as a whole should 
be between 23% to 25% post adjustment of the corporate overheads. This 
27% when you adjust for that, lands at around 25%, which is what we have 
been maintaining for last, I think, 5 or 6 quarters now. 
We are confident of maintaining the EBITDA margin in Specialty Chemicals 
at that level going forward as well. And obviously, there will be some positive 
forces, some negative forces. Positive is the fast growth of CDMO business 
within that.  
While on the negative side, of course, there could be some pressure on 
trading costs and some other derivatives that we do. These forces kind of 
balance out each other. We keep focusing on the cost optimization as well to 
ensure that, that business remains 25% plus EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take the last question 
from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Hi, team. Good evening. Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. So a 
few clarifications. First, on the smaller agri contract that we executed last 
year, do we have any sense on the scale-up opportunity there? I mean how 
much can the execution be in FY27 from that molecule? You had earlier 
indicated on a larger order versus last year that is coming up in H2 FY27. 
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Of course, are having those conversations with the customer. The 3- to 
4-year outlook they had given us was showing us a path to take it to 4x to 5x 
for what we did last year. For this year, we are still discussing with them 
various scenarios. And given the volatility in the agro world, all this disruption, 
they have not confirmed the final volumes yet. But we do hope that we will 
get at least as much as we got last year, but hopefully, we should be able to 
top it up with something more. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
All right. Second on the human-grade B3 plant. If you could just, I mean, give 
out the utilization numbers currently and the customer qualification status for 
the expanded portfolio there? And what would be the time to full utilization 
there? 
Deepak Jain: 
We had planned to use that plant for 2 different products. One was Personal 
Care grade or PC-grade niacinamide and second was Niacin, which goes 
into food and feed, both applications, roughly 50-50 each. 
On the PC-grade niacinamide, which we launched first last year, the scale 
up was very, very fast. And I think we are already doing almost 50% of what 
we had estimated in terms of volumes. On the Niacin side, because we 
started it late, the ramp-up is gradual. 
At this stage, I would say we are probably projecting for this year getting to 
at least 30%, 40% of - in fact, more probably 40%, 50% of the volumes that 
we have assumed to come from that plant at the peak level. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Right. And just one last. Your presentation mentions some European force 
majeure events and plant closures. So which competitors or what capacity 
has come out of the market? And is it like permanent or temporary? If you 
could just help us with some color there? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. In the acetyls business, there were some announcements from 
European competitors for force majeure for a few weeks because of at least 
the official reason quoted was mechanical failures. I think that is still going 
on. So we will know how long it would be in coming days or weeks. But if you 
do a quick search, you will find which competitor has announced force 
majeure. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Sure. Thank you so much for answering. 
Deepak Jain: 
But I think what is more important just on the last point is that on the back of 
that, we are able to - and especially with all the hard work our acetyls team 
has done to get our product qualified with almost every customer in Europe, 
we are hopeful that in this year, we will gain volumes in Europe, showing a 
very healthy growth, and we will gain market share as well in the European 
market.  
vi/ 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With this, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you all for joining this call today. We hope we have been able to 
address your queries. For further clarification, I would request you to get in 
touch with me. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
~ 7 
JUBILANT 
INGREVIA 
