 
 
 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Security Code: 532892 
    
National Stock Exchange of India Limi
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: MOTILALOFS 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Investor(s)/Analyst(s)  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
This is with reference to our earlier letter dated April 23, 2026 regarding Intimation of Earnings 
Conference Call (“Con-Call”) with Investor(s)/Analyst(s) held on Thursday, April 30, 2026 to 
discuss Financial Performance for Q4 & FY 2025-26.  
 
In this regard, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to time), please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of the said Con-Call for your reference. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript of the said Con-Call is made available on the Company’s website i.e.  
https://www.motilaloswalgroup.com/Downirvirdir/648352072CT_Q4FY26.pdf  
 
Further, we hereby confirm that no Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared or 
discussed during the said Con-Call.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Kailash Purohit 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
Kailash 
Chunnilal 
Purohit
Digitally signed 
by Kailash 
Chunnilal Purohit 
Date: 2026.05.07 
19:06:24 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited 
 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
This document is a transcription of the conference call conducted on 30th April 2026.  
Click Here to listen to the original audio.  
For past recordings Link, transcripts Link, Investor Presentation Link and Excel Data Book Link 
Please contact ir@motilaloswal.com for any queries. 
 
 
Manish Kayal- Head Investor Relations 
 
Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome and thank all the participants on behalf of Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services Limited to attend our Q4FY26 earnings call. We hope that you had an opportunity 
to go through our investor deck and press release uploaded on stock exchanges & our website 
yesterday. We have also uploaded our Excel data book, which has all the operational and financial 
numbers. Please note that today's discussion may include forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements are based on our macro assessment and the actual outcome may vary. 
Today, we have our entire Senior Leadership on this conference call. We'll start with an opening remark 
by Navin Agarwal, Group MD, and then we'll have a Q&A session. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director 
Thank you, Manish. Good afternoon, everyone. 
 
Group Strengths & Past Decade Operating Performance 
• 
Starting with a broad backdrop, Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited is the largest integrated 
capital markets player with strong and rising rankings across businesses, rising share of annuity 
revenues and with each business still offering a strong growth runway.  
• 
Since our listing back in 2007, we have never diluted our equity while consistently paying out 
dividends and executing 3 buybacks. This has only been possible due to our unique twin engine 
business model, wherein our large investment book serves as a strong backbone to all the 
operating businesses, which has seen rising needs of capital over the years due to changing 
regulations or strong growth in terms of the scale of the businesses. 
• 
Our operating businesses have delivered a 10-year compounded operating profit after tax growth 
of 33% per annum, EPS growth of 28% per annum, return on equity of 23%. This strong growth is 
supported by our investment book, which grew by 40% compounded since inception, led by a 
combination of strong IRRs as well as reinvestment of the operating profits post distributions.  
• 
Annuity businesses contributing over 60% of the group's revenues have risen in the last 5 and 10 
years, and will continue to rise going forward, resulting in improved quality as well as predictability 
of our cash flows. 
• 
This growth is powered by future-ready tech infrastructure. We have embedded AI in every facet 
of business process, improving internal productivity, strengthening execution and creating a 
long-term strategic differentiation. 
• 
We are now ranked among the top 150 companies based on the 2025 calendar year PAT, and 
among top 200 companies by market capitalisation. We see the next decade offering equally 
exciting prospects, which should drive further improvement in these rankings. 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
• 
Capital Markets index is a rising part of NSE 500 Index and its share in the NSE 500 has grown from 
near 0.13% 10 years ago to 0.84% 5 years ago and now stands at over 2.5%. The number of 
companies in the capital market segment increased from just 3, 10 years ago to 10 companies 5 
years ago and now at 18 companies. 
• 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services has generated alpha for all its shareholders by delivering a 10-
year return of 26% versus 17% for NSE Nifty 50 and 12% for NSE 500. Strong growth in India's total 
wealth from just over $10 trillion now to over $100 trillion in the centennial year of India will lead to 
increasing financialization of these large wealth pool or savings, and continued industry 
consolidation augur well for MOFSL in the decade that is ahead. 
 
Turning now to our FY26 performance 
 
FY26 Performance Highlights 
 
• 
FY26 continues to witness strength in most of the businesses. Growth has been led by annuity 
businesses, mainly Asset and Private Wealth Management businesses. 
• 
Our operating profit after tax in the year FY26 grew by 16% YoY to ₹2,360 crores, led by a 33% growth 
in the profits of Asset and Private Wealth businesses. These businesses now contribute around 
50% of the total operating profit, and we expect their share to continue to rise as these businesses 
continue to grow at a faster pace. 
• 
Operating profit after tax for the fourth quarter grew by a strong 25%, and was the strongest in the 
4 quarters of the last financial year. We exit the last quarter with an operating PAT run rate of ₹661 
crores. Our long-term credit rating was upgraded to AA+, with stable outlook. This is the highest 
rating ever granted to any non-bank domestic capital market player in India. 
• 
Our total profit after taxes, including OCI for the fourth quarter and the full year is impacted due 
to mark-to-market on our investment book, which currently stands at around ₹9,000 crores. 
These are unrealized losses and most of it has already been recouped in the month of April 2026. 
• 
The strong operating performance has been delivered in the backdrop of head winded external 
environment, be it weak markets impacting mark-to-market in our AUM in multiple businesses 
coupled with multiple regulatory changes, like the F&O changes, requirement of higher margins, 
etc., impacted market breadth. 
• 
Also, FY26 was a year of investments on all fronts in the group, be it people, brand or technology. 
We've not left any stone unturned to maintain our leadership position in our businesses. 
 
Turning now to our Segmental Performances 
 
Asset and Private Wealth Management Business 
 
Our Asset Management and Private Wealth business continued momentum during the year with 
robust net flows of ₹70,000 crores and an AUM of ₹3.7 lakh crores, which is up by 34% year-on-year. 
The operating leverage from rising AUM has delivered a stronger profit growth, and should continue 
into the future. 
 
Asset Management Business 
• 
Our AMC AUM crossed ₹1.5Lakh Crores with diversified across active, passive, AIF and PMS. Unique 
PAN catered by our AMC crossed 1 Crs in Mar’26 vs 77 lacs in Mar’25 which shows strong 
confidence by retail investors in our franchise. This is around 16% client share of the Mutual Fund 
industry. The revival in the April month itself has propelled our Average AUM to grow from 1.57 Lakh 
Crs to Rs 1.8 Lakh Crs reflecting the continued momentum in the business.  
• 
Our product bouquet is pretty young as significant flows comes only when a product has 3 years 
track record. We launched 5 new MF Active Products in FY26 increasing our presence to 82% of 
Industry AUM. Importantly, only 6 of our funds have a vintage of over 3 years vs 42/29/26 funds 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
with similar vintage in the case of top 3 peers. We expect 8 funds to cross 3 years vintage by 
Mar’27 and 16 funds by Mar’28. Some of these are best performing funds since inception in 
mainstream categories. This should help in strong flows as well as diversification of the AUM over 
the next 2 years.  
• 
FY26 SIP flows crossed ₹ 16,000 Cr. mark, up 78% on YoY basis with a market share of 4.7% resulting 
in a SIP AUM book of ~₹ 30,000 cr as on Mar’26. 
• 
Our latest AUM at ₹1.8 lakh cr is already 15% higher than the FY26 avg. of ₹1.57 lakh Crs. AUM growth 
will be supported by strong 18,000 cr of annualised SIP run rate. More products crossing 3-year 
vintage and collections from proposed NFOs should help the discretionary flows as well. 
• 
We are also growing via GIFT City route, targeting inbound and outbound flows. 
• 
To Summarise – AMC business will be key growth and ARR driver for MOFSL on the back of 4 
factors 
o 
Higher net flow market share than AUM market share 
o 
Improving market share in net flows led by greater number of products crossing 3-year 
vintage and launch of new products. 
o 
SIP run-rate of around ₹1,500 Cr. per month. 
o 
Potential MTM after muted market returns for last 2 years 
 
Alternates / Private Markets 
• 
FY26 was eventful for our Alternates business too. We raised our largest growth capital fund IBEF 
V raising close to a billion dollars. This leads to 40% growth in fee accruing AUM from average AUM 
of ₹15k Crs to closing AUM of ₹21K Crs. This AUM growth will be further supported by a strong launch 
pipeline with our maiden Private Credit fund of ₹3,000 Crs, first Commercial RE Fund and launch 
of Series VII of our Residential RE Fund. 
• 
Alternates is a high-focus segment for us given the trillion-dollar AUMs in developed market. We 
have a strong franchise in growth capital and real estate and are confident to deliver industry 
leading IRRs to our clients in all the products that we offer. With recent launch of Private Credit 
and forthcoming launch of our Commercial RE Fund, we will be offering comprehensive product 
offerings in Alternates which is seeing increasing allocation from family offices as well as 
institutions. 
• 
To Summarise – Alternates Asset Management Business too will a key growth and ARR driver 
for MOFS on the back of 3 factors 
o 
Larger fund raises in every subsequent series. Each of our funds have doubled in size 
from Series I to Series V 
o 
Entry into Adjacencies and newer categories  
o 
More funds entering Variable additional returns recognition threshold which will boost 
our revenues run rate. 
 
Asset Management now contributes 33% to Group’s Operating PAT in FY26 vs 26% in FY25. 
 
Private Wealth Management 
• 
We have made large investment in senior leadership / RMs and we will continue to do so in a 
calibrated manner in FY27 as well. Focus is now on growing ARR AUM which is currently at ₹46,000 
Crs through various initiatives including advisory solutions, strengthening leverage solutions as a 
value add for UHNI clients, exclusive co-investments leveraging group synergy, etc. 
• 
Our 440+ RMs will also witness productivity improvement as 32% of them have a vintage of 3+ 
years. 
 
All this will help in revenue growth along with cost to income improvement driving profitability via 
operating leverage. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Wealth Management Business 
 
• 
Led by sharp focus on growing our distribution income & NII, our broking revenues in the wealth 
management segment revenue now stands at 35% compared to 60% 5 years ago. 
• 
Distribution book grew by 41% to ₹40,662 cr as of Mar’26. We are confident that our distribution 
book will continue to grow meaningfully as we harness the cross-sell potential of our huge client 
base. 
• 
Our loan book in this segment rose 32% YoY, reaching ₹6,094 cr. Our MTF market share is close to 
7% and is expected to improve going forward. 
• 
Our broking business continues to retain its leadership position as a full-service broker. We are 
the largest broker in cash segment on revenue market share. Our overall retail broking equity 
market share including commodity stood at 8.6% in FY26. 
• 
To Summarise - We expect our ADTO market share to improve as the global uncertainty 
subsides as we have witnessed historically. The distribution & lending book will continue to 
drive growth and increase its share in MOFS ARR revenue pie. 
 
Capital Market Business  
 
• 
With a $5 trillion market cap and growing, there is a base level of IB activity that the markets will 
see every year. While there may be huge volatility QoQ because of market conditions. Our IB 
business still has successfully completed 52 deals in FY26 with cumulative raise of ₹ 83,600 cr and 
our fees income delivered a strong 39% revenue growth YoY basis to ₹ 309 Cr. We are ranked #2 
in the Capital Markets league table and #1 in QIP league table for FY26. 
• 
In IE, we aspire to take our coverage up from the current 360 to nearly 500 companies. 
• 
We have built a strong franchise and a diversified product portfolio. We have headroom to grow 
in some of the products like Advisory and M&A in the coming years.  Our size per deal is materially 
higher than in the past and with strong deal pipe line, we are well poised for growth in the coming 
year 
 
Housing Finance Business 
 
• 
In our Housing finance business concluded another solid year of performance. Disbursement 
(adjusted) grew 28% YoY to ₹2,291 Crores. Consequently, AUM (adjusted) grew by 25% to ₹6,100 
Crs. MOHFL raised $100mn from Asian Development Bank (ADB), validating the strong franchise. 
• 
We expect Housing Finance business having formed a strong base and a very strong leadership 
team to witness strong growth over 2-3 years. Business has a strong Capital Adequacy ratio and 
low leverage, giving us enough growth levers without external equity capital dependency. 
 
Outlook with concluding remarks 
 
• 
To conclude, the rise in wealth to over USD 100 Tn combined with financialisation of savings are 
powerful tailwinds in the rising weight of capital market sector within Indian market cap 
auguring well for the company. In this space, MOFSL’s decadal track record of 33% 
compounded Operating PAT growth and average ROE of 23% has been delivered entirely 
through internal accruals, no dilution, rising market share in each business, entering 
promising adjacencies in each of our businesses, rising share of annuity revenues to 60% and 
finally improving quality and predictability of our rising cash flows. 
• 
FY25 & FY26 marked regulatory tightening combined with weak markets. Despite this, MOFSL 
delivered an Operating PAT growth of 16% in FY26 and 25% for Q4F26.  
• 
With regulatory headwinds in the base, continued resilience shown by Indian investors, future 
outlook continues to look promising. 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
 
We'll now open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from Mahek from Emkay Global. 
 
Mahek - Participant: 
 
So, I have a couple of questions. So first, with respect to the AMC business, right? So, if we look at the 
SIP market share, it has dipped a bit during the quarter. So just wanted to know your thoughts on the 
same and what initiatives are basically being taken to regain that market share?  
 
Second would be on the revenue yields. So how should we look at the revenue yields going forward 
with respect to, one, the regulatory change in terms of TER? And second, how are you looking at the 
alternate yield as well? Because if I look during the quarter, we have seen some bit of expansion in the 
yields. I think that would be largely on account of new funds which are being launched. So, if you can 
clarify on that? 
 
And third question would be on the Private Wealth Management segment. So, if we see the lending 
assets have seen strong inflows during the quarter. So, what has driven this growth in AUM and 
secondly, the inflows also? So, if you can just clarify on these things? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
 
We are having a SIP run rate of ₹1,400+ crores a month. There is a slight decline in passive MF side due 
to 1) Our international funds are no longer able to take new money and 2) the microcap fund is also 
locked. On active MF side also, we have seen a small drop in SIP. SIP book growth is linked to strong 
performance & as that comes back to us, especially in the main categories, you should again expect 
SIP books to climb. As we speak, they are at last year levels itself. 
 
Our fees as a consequence of the TER changes continued to remain unimpacted. In fact, they have 
slightly improved for our cohort of AUM as that category did not get impacted. On the alternate side, 
our retention rates have been maintained. If you see a compression in yields for us, it is on account of 
mix effect. As our fastest-growing part of business for last quarter was passives, where our retention 
is lower than actives, which is the second fastest-growing part of our business versus the alternates 
business where the growth was the slowest, but the yields were the highest. So, the mix effect does 
result in some downward pressure. 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO, Private Wealth Management: 
 
On the lending side in Private Wealth, it's a stated strategy to provide solutions to ultra HNIs, family 
offices and HNIs to enhance yields. It's a combination of lending against securities & lending against 
investment assets that contribute to growth in assets as well as ARR revenues. 
 
Mahek - Participant: 
 
I had one more last question with respect to the other expenses, which is the admin and the other 
expenses. So, we have seen a sequential growth of around 20%. So, I just wanted to understand 
whether it is some sort of marketing or investment engagement program related expense or how 
should we look at it going forward in FY27? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
 
Q4FY26 includes a predominant impact of higher marketing, brand promotion and CSR expenses. 
Bulk of which have actually been incurred in this quarter resulting in a delta slightly higher on a 
sequential basis. However, for FY26, the overall other expenses are up about 10% YoY. Most of the other 
expenses include marketing and technology expense, where we have spent ~5.5% of our net revenues 
for FY26, which is a large part of the other expenses. 
 
Deep Vakil- Participant: 
 
Sir, a couple of questions. I mean, any guidance on the MTF book? I understand that we had around ₹ 
6,500 crores of MTF book as of 9 months FY26, which has been slowed down to ₹ 5,700 crores as on 
March '26. So, any strategic thing that we are thinking around this? I mean, I understand that our major 
lending -- I mean, this is the major yield lending vehicle wherein majorly debt is needed in this book 
itself. So, any guidance, sir, on the MTF book and how are we looking at it in FY27? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
If we look at our MTF book, it has grown by ~ 40% in FY26, indicating a strong surge. Our cash market 
share is about 7% in FY26 and MTF market share is also a replica of that. We definitely have a very 
strong balance sheet to grow this book. 
 
Over the last few years, there has been a very strong growth of our MTF assets. We expect a similar 
strong growth in the coming periods because we are the largest broker in terms of Industry cash 
brokerage revenue pie. Due to this, we will carry an edge in terms of higher growth for our MTF book. 
 
Deep Vakil- Participant: 
 
Okay. And sir, I mean, any quarter-on-quarter impact, sir? I mean is it a strategic move that you have 
taken in this quarter to reduce maybe on a quarterly basis, then there will be an increase on the 
market stabilizes 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
It's more of a market impact. Across the industry, the book is marginally lower & it's a very marginal 
reduction in our book as well. We're very confident of growing this book in the future. 
 
Deep Vakil- Participant: 
 
Okay. And sir, any guidance on the broking income piece because I understand there was some 
degrowth in FY26. But for FY27 and half, I mean, FY27 I understand once market conditions stabilises, 
volumes will return to normalcy. So, any kind of number that you can put to broking revenues, I mean, 
over FY27? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
Broking revenue during FY26, especially starting from Jan '25 to Dec’25 was lower mainly because of 
the lower volumes and the impact of regulatory changes, which had come on the F&O segment and 
also the lower overall cash volumes in the industry.  
 
However, if you look at Q4FY26, the volumes have rebounded. Our overall ADTO market share is also 
up for the year by about 100bps. In Q4FY26, brokerage revenue growth is ~33% YoY. Now with a higher 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
base in the current financial year over last financial year, we expect the brokerage line item to catch 
up for coming periods, given that the regulatory impact is behind and our volumes are up. 
 
Deep Vakil- Participant: 
 
Sure, sir. One last thing, sir. I mean, the MTM loss that we have had on the treasury book around ₹1,000-
odd crores at consolidated level. So, sir, I mean, my understanding is that, I mean, post March 30, I 
mean, equities have valued and as you mentioned in your PPT as well, majority of that loss has already 
been recouped. So, sir, that ₹ 1,000 crores loss is unrealized, right? We have not booked any realized. 
There's no realized impact. It's unrealized gain, correct? Unrealized loss? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
It is a notional mark-to-market loss. We revalue all our Long-only investments at mark-to-market 
based on the Ind AS requirements & that's why these are notional losses. We disclose Treasury 
performance and operating performance separately. As explained earlier, most of these MTM losses 
have been recouped back in the month of April 2026. 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
 
The long-term 10-year plus track record is that, this investment book has generated an IRR of 18%. This 
changes year-to-year because when there is a market drawdown, these compounded returns also 
look different. But in longer term, we've seen returns as high as 19% & as low as 15.5%. Whereas, in a 
longer term, we've seen the compounding at 18%. When you add the post buyback or post dividend 
free cash flows to this book, it has actually compounded for the last 10 years at a rate of 40% per 
annum. The rising capital needs of the businesses, both due to scale and regulations have been 
internally funded on the back of this book.  
 
One will see a lot of quarterly volatility in this book depending on the market volatility, unrealized gains 
/ losses. That's why we separately report our operating profit after tax number for each business, 
causing no confusion about this line item with the operating businesses. All of these investments are 
actually collateralized with the lenders and serve as very large lines available for the operating 
businesses of the firm. Effectively, the collateral is also expanding at the rate of 40% per annum. 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
 
First question is on Asset Management business. Is there any update on the investment team 
leadership on the Asset Management side? Secondly, what is the guidance for net flows in the AMC 
business for FY '27? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
 
Over the last period, we have increased the team size on both the alternate and mutual fund in terms 
of managers and research. Overall, the investment team, inclusive of passive is now over 50 members 
strong. As far as the leadership on the mutual fund side goes, we are evaluating both internal team 
members and external members & we will take a decision soon. In terms of net flows, they have 
declined in Q4FY26. Jan’26 was a bad month for our active net flows but passives did very well. Overall, 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
we collected over ₹2,500 crores. Feb’26 was weaker on an overall level, as the gold and silver ETF 
product flows normalized. For Q4FY26, our net flow market share was higher than the AUM market 
share. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
 
So just to clarify, net flow -- mutual fund net flow market share may be higher than AUM market share 
for the month of April? 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
 
Yes. 
 
Nidhesh Jain - Participant: 
 
Okay. That's good news. And secondly, so if you look at the capital market segment, we are seeing 
advent of digital brokers, and they are now impacting a lot of segments. We are seeing our market 
share declining in cash and F&O, but they are also equally becoming very strong distributors on the 
mutual fund side. 
 
So, in that light, how are we planning our businesses from a longer-term perspective? And how are 
we trying to build these businesses because what we see as a trend that customer is definitely moving 
towards those platforms. 
 
And some of the numbers are quite clearing that 60%, 70% of the new SIPs are getting opened by 
these fintech platforms. So that is a repercussion for all our businesses from a longer-term 
perspective. And how are we thinking to build business in that light? 
 
Ajay Menon, CEO, Wealth Management: 
 
Our Wealth Management business, that we are building on, have always been focused on the 
research and advisory model. If you look at our model, whether it is the franchisee segment, the direct 
side and the branch model, we are very well aligned with our research and advisory-led model, along 
with technology in the overall business. We are focusing on the quality of the customer, where we can 
add value. This has helped us to maintain our cash market revenue share of the overall industry 
revenue pie. We have aligned our strategy in a big way for the overall broking cum distribution model. 
Our Wealth distribution AUM has also been growing consistently and has gone 40% in the last year 
itself to ~₹44,000 crores.  
 
When one look at the discount model, the high value traders are in higher proposition in their overall 
revenue pie. We are also working upon to position ourselves for the high value trader which will 
primarily take care of the overall market share. 
 
Moderator: 
 
The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh - Participant: 
 
A few questions from my side. First, on the Private Wealth business, if you were to look at your clientele 
base over the past 2-3 years versus, let's say, what it was, let's say, 5-6 years back. I just wanted to 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
understand some sense of the clientele quality, both in terms of ticket size and in terms of occupation, 
business, domain of expertise, etc. If you can give some colour on that or maybe quantify some of 
those cohorts? 
 
The second question is on the transactional revenues’ ex of broking in the Private Wealth and maybe 
to some extent on the wealth business also. How do you see the pipeline going into FY 2027 given the 
backdrop of whatever has been going on globally? 
 
And also, how do you really kind of manage your risk prudence in this when you kind of sign a deal for 
the transactional section versus, let's say, focus on fees, how do you really manage that? 
 
The third question is on the alternate segment. We are seeing some of the large Asset Management 
companies entering this segment in an aggressive manner or at least from their commentary, it 
seems that they will be aggressive. 
 
Can you give some colour on the white spaces in this segment? I mean, your pipeline is robust in 
terms of new sales, but in terms of the white spaces in the segment, the supply side constraints, some 
of those -- if you can give some colour qualitatively. And lastly, one data keeping question. Is there 
any guidance or expectation around carry income for FY27 or FY28? 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO Private Wealth Management 
 
Essentially, there are broadly 3 segments in the Private Wealth Management Business; HNI segment 
(₹50 Crs to ₹100 Crs), UHNI segment (₹100 Crs+) and Family Offices. We operate in all 3 segments & 
we've put significant capabilities and resources to improve the value proposition in the UHNI and 
family office segment. Whereas in the HNI segment, we are increasing footprint by having presence 
in many more locations where we see high growth of HNIs. 
 
The best lead indicator to see the headline quality of assets is the AUM per RM. Our AUM per RM has 
been steadily increasing from ₹300 Crs, couple of years back to ₹450 Crs as on Mar’26. This is on an 
increased base of RMs. So essentially, our penetration across segments is growing. At the back end, 
we have significantly enhanced the product and investment capabilities within Private Wealth 
Business to cater to all these segments. We have recruited people in equities, alternates, multi-asset 
solutions as well as certain bespoke transaction strategies.  
 
The pipeline of transactions is very robust. In the near term, the markets could be cyclical and that 
could impact a particular asset class. But we have capabilities across asset classes. There are private 
debt transactions where we are seeing a lot of flows from family offices. Similarly, early last year, we 
saw a lot of flows in unlisted equity transactions. Whilst the sentiment may impact flows into a 
particular asset class temporarily, however, given the multi-asset capabilities that we have built, the 
transaction capabilities are becoming much smoother on a QoQ basis.  
 
We draw a lot from the group capabilities. We've invested significantly at the group level as well to 
enhance capabilities in private credit on the real estate front, and we have a very strong private equity 
capability. Coupled with the capabilities on the Private Wealth side in the investment team and the 
group capabilities, the underwriting process is very stringent and rigorous. Before deals would be 
taken to market or to clients, there is a lot of work that goes on before that.  
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
On the alternate side, we have gained market share. We are amongst the top few in the industry with 
very distinct products with strong storylines. A lot of our products are turning into brands & are being 
asked by the investors for investing. We have a very differentiated product basket. On top of it, there 
are unique products where we mix listed with unlisted. Not too many houses have the capability of 
running that kind of a product. 
 
Over and above the long-only investing in the alternate side, we also have quant-based investing. 
There is a strategy where we have some significant amount of money, which is now looking very 
strong. Overall, the alternate basket for us, is very relevant for investors. 
 
On the mutual fund side, we have expanded our product basket tremendously. When a competition 
comes in, there is something which happens on year 1, & there is something which happens after year 
3. We see as an industry, higher traction after a fund crosses 3 years of existence. 
 
From a fix product basket, we are now over 17. As we speak, we have a contra fund launch going on. 
Gradually many products will start to complete 3 years which is 1) Small cap fund, which completes 
3 years in December, 2) Large cap fund, will complete 3 years in January 2027 & post that every 2 
months, there will be a meaningful product, which will complete 3 years. We think in the next leg of 
growth versus the last one, our inflows will be way more diversified versus what we had. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
As far as the variable additional return is concerned, so we don't give out guidance. However, as 
explained in our last con call, we have multiple number of funds, which has reached in the last cohort 
of their life, where our IRRs are well above the hurdles, and we expect meaningful variable returns to 
accrue in the coming financial periods. 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh - Participant: 
 
Got it. Maybe just one small follow-up on my first question. You are a boutique wealth manager, which 
has gained scale over the years. In terms of this increasing clients or kind of increasing presence in 
ultra HNI and family offices, and your ability to kind of source large deals and execute large deals, I 
mean, what has changed in terms of your -- how you're differentiating compared to, let's say, a small-
scale wealth manager or some of the bank-based wealth outlets? I mean, what capabilities do you 
really have to kind of maintain or gain market share over medium to long term? 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO Private Wealth Management: 
 
Whilst our size has increased over time, our ambitions have never been boutique. Now, the size is 
reflecting our ambition, but the runway for growth is much larger from here. There are a lot of 
capabilities that help us bring these unique transactions to customers. At the group level capabilities, 
we have businesses across capital market segments, whether it's alternatives or institutional equities. 
We have significant skin in the game in all our products allowing us to source very proprietary 
transactions. 
 
Similarly, if you look at some of the group products, whether it is capabilities that we have created in 
private credit or private equity & the investments we have in research across these businesses, allows 
us to do due diligence on many transactions. We also see many transactions which helps us source 
transactions across asset classes, whether it is real estate, private credit or private equity.  
 
Moderator: 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
 
The next question is from the line of Lalit Mohan Deo from Equirus Securities. 
 
Lalit Mohan Deo - Participant: 
 
Sir, just two, three questions. So firstly, on the mutual fund business side, so we have seen that our 
market share in MF flows have come down from 7.5% to around 3%. So, any particular channel where 
we have seen a decline in the flows or is it broadly across channels over there? And while you have 
indicated that currently it is moving above AUM market share. So, is it around the current level? Or any 
other improve materially to the earlier levels? 
 
Second was on the Private Wealth Management. So, this quarter, we have added a material number 
of families over there like more than 9,000. But also, could you give us more colour on within this family 
count, like how much of these families will be there where we have a material relationship of more 
than INR10 crores and where we can potentially increase further relations over there? 
 
And lastly, from a 2-year perspective, like given the current business construct, how should we look at 
-- from a revenue perspective and a profitable perspective across different segments? Like what 
could be the desired mix between different segments? 
 
Navin Agarwal, Group Managing Director: 
 
Over the last 3/5/10 years, our annuity stream of revenue has consistently gone up. They are now at 
over 60% of the total revenues. The Asset Management and Private Wealth Management Business 
share of profitability because of their annuity nature too have consistently gone up, and that trend 
will continue to rise in FY27. 
 
Prateek Agrawal, MD and CEO, Asset Management: 
 
We saw drop in the gross flows as well, but that was small. We saw heightened redemption pressure 
in the month of Jan’26 & Feb’26 that reduced in Mar’26 and is actually below normal in Apr’26. In 
Wealth channel highest pressure was seen. Retail and digital channels held out much better. 
 
Ashish Shanker, CEO Private Wealth Management: 
 
On our quality of clients, we work with 9,000 families, of which almost 50% have UHNI potential. The 
scale and quality of clients is steadily improving. One of the headline numbers that you should look 
at is, in spite of the denominator going up, which is the number of RMs, the AUM per RM has been 
steadily rising. 
 
Lalit Mohan Deo - Participant: 
 
Yes. Sir, just one last data keeping question. So, in the wealth business, we have seen, sir, some pickup 
in the TDI transaction income transaction distribution income. So, what would attribute to the same? 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
In Q4FY26, the transaction income in the wealth business is higher because of the distribution 
revenues from Insurance. So, the delta coming out of the transaction revenues in distribution business 
can be largely attributed to the same. 
 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Shalibhadra Shah for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Shalibhadra Shah – CFO: 
 
On behalf of Motilal Oswal Financial Services, we thank every participant for attending the Q4FY26 
con-call. In case you have any further questions or clarifications, please do get in touch with our 
investor relations desk. Thank you and have a great day. 
 
Please contact ir@motilaloswal.com for any queries. 
 
Disclaimer: The reader is requested to also refer to audio recording of the call uploaded on company website. Our conference call 
transcripts are edited to correct any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English language that might have occurred 
inadvertently while speaking. 
