 
2nd June 2026. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Board Meeting – Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
In continuation to our earlier communications in the subject matter, enclosed please find the copy of 
the Transcript, which is also available on the website of the Company (www.suzlon.com). 
 
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suzlon Energy Limited 
 
 
Geetanjali S.Vaidya, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
Encl.: As above. 
Geetanjali 
Santosh Vaidya
Digitally signed by 
Geetanjali Santosh Vaidya 
Date: 2026.06.02 15:07:25 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“Suzlon Energy Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 25, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JP CHALASANI – GROUP EXECUTIVE COUNSEL – 
SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. AJAY KAPUR – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. RAHUL JAIN – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Suzlon Energy Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call. During this call, the company management may make certain 
statements that reflect their outlook for the future which could be construed as a forward-looking 
statements. These statements are based on management's current expectations and are associated 
with uncertainties and risks as detailed in the annual report. 
 
Actual results may differ so these statements should be reviewed in conjunction with the risks 
the company faces. As a reminder, all participant lines are in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your 
touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. We will begin with the opening remarks 
followed by a question-and-answer session. To be fair to others, we kindly request each 
participant to ask no more than two or three questions. From the management, we have with us 
Mr. J.P. Chalasani, Group Executive Counsel; Mr. Ajay Kapur, Group CEO; Mr. Rahul Jain, 
Group CFO and senior members of the finance team. Over to you, J.P. Chalasani, sir. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Thank you. Good evening to each one of you. We welcome you to Q4FY '26 Investors Call. I 
also welcome Ajay Kapur, who has now taken over the baton and he will take you through the 
most of the things, along with Rahul Jain, who we met last time. I just wanted to briefly tell you 
that over the last 12 months, we made different commitments at different points of time in 
interactions with you. 
 
And a few of those things we said and what we achieved is what I want to take you through in a 
couple of minutes. First one, at the beginning of the financial year, we said that in FY '26, we 
will have a 60% of growth. That was the commitment what we made, and we are glad to say that 
we achieved that. Our overall EBITDA went up by 63%. Profit before tax consolidated went up 
by 67%. 
 
And our WTG revenue went up by 65%. So therefore, the commitment what you made is what 
we fulfilled. Similarly, in the Q2, when we were discussing the results, some of you had a 
concern that EBITDA has fallen for our OMS business. And we clearly said it's a one-off. And 
by end of the year, we will recoup it. 
 
And accordingly, at the end of the year, we achieved the EBITDA of 40.5%. We also promised 
that our EPC order share in our order book, EPC share will keep increasing to 50% by FY '28. 
And we started moving in the direction. In Q2, we were at around 20%. Now we reached 28% 
and we expect it to continue to grow in FY '27 and ultimately reach 50% in FY '28. 
 
We also said that a SE Forge is now on the momentum. And we're glad to say that its revenue 
went up by 22% and EBITDA went up by 60%, and it would continue to see the growth even in 
the coming financial year. The last point I want to say is that some of you are aware that we 
signed a project implementation agreement with the government of AP in 2015 under which we 
commissioned some projects in FY '16 and FY '17. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
However, it was denied by the government for some time because of government change and 
now after new government has come in, we're glad to inform you that in April, they've extended 
the PIA by another 2 years. Under this PIA, we have developmental rights for 2.1 gigawatts, 
2,100 megawatt, out of which 775-megawatt is the PPA, which was signed earlier. 
 
Now reached APERC for tariff fixation. They asked us whether we can do -- convert this into 
FDRE, we said we gave our consent. There is a precedent of FDRE PPA tariff finalized by 
APERC last year. And we saw the 775 megawatt, there are a couple of clients who are keen to 
take up this project once PPA gets approved. Beyond this 775, we have 1,325 megawatt, which 
will completely get monetized from June onwards in the next 6 months. 
 
This is one very, very positive development for us what happened in this quarter. These are the 
significant things what happened, what we promised and what we achieved. And the rest of the 
details is what Ajay and Rahul will take you through. Ajay, I'll hand over this now to you. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Thank you, J.P.C. Hello, everyone. It is great connecting with you today. Many of you may 
know me from my earlier associations, but for the benefit of the larger group, please allow me 
to introduce myself. I'm Ajay Kapur, and I have joined Suzlon Energy Limited as Group Chief 
Executive Officer. 
 
I bring over 3 decades of leadership experience across infrastructure, power, construction and 
heavy industries and most recently served as Managing Director of Ambuja Cements. Talking 
about the industry, we are seeing a strong start to the year '27 with power demand growing 5% 
to 6% since April, and peak demand has already touched 270-plus gigawatt. 
 
Overall, the environment remains favourable with sustained demand growth and increasing peak 
intensity reinforcing the need for reliable, flexible and round-the-clock power FDRE solutions, 
which are wind dominated. For FY '26, has been a defining year for the wind sector with 
installations crossing 6 gigawatt, its highest since 2017, surpassing the previous peak and clearly 
underscoring the strong demand revival. This momentum sets the stage for a multiyear growth 
cycle with installations expected to cross 10 gigawatt in the near term and reaching 15 gigawatts 
in the next 5 years. 
 
With 56 gigawatt already installed and a strong pipeline of STU and PSU bids as well as C&I 
demand, India is set to achieve the near-term target of 100 gigawatts by 2030. Repowering also 
started gaining traction, and there is rising consumer interest, which gives visibility of several 
opportunities ramping up in the next 2 to 3 years. Now taking you through the business 
highlights. In FY '26, Suzlon transitioned into a scaled, profitable and financially strong market 
leader in wind sector. Suzlon delivered a record 830 megawatts in Q4 and 2,456 megawatts in 
FY '26, which are our ever-highest deliveries in India. 
 
Revenues also reached a record INR16,679 crores reflecting a strong 54% Y-o-Y growth. Order 
book of 5.9 gigawatt consists of 66% of C&I and PSU segment, which is fast growing. The focus 
now is on expanding our EPC offering, which has grown from 20% to 28% in H2, which 
enhances our competitive edge and further help to accelerate order book growth. Our S144 order 
intake has reached close to 9 gigawatts, a strong endorsement of its advanced technology and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
customer trust. The Blue Sky platform launched in Spain marks our reentry into European and 
other export markets with S175 and S163 turbines. 
 
These next-generation high-capacity turbines are designed for diverse wind regimes, delivering 
higher yields, improved reliability and lower LCOE by positioning us to tap both repowering 
and new build opportunities globally. 4.5-gigawatt manufacturing capacity fully operational, 
expanding footprint with 3 AI-enabled smart blade factories to drive efficiency and scale. Suzlon 
commissioned 744 megawatts in FY '26And another 971 megawatt is erected, taking the number 
to 1,715 megawatt shows the trajectory of commissioning growth for the future. We have 
achieved ramped up commissioning momentum with 332 megawatts in quarter 4, and this trend 
is expected to continue in FY '27 pursuant to operational excellence we have done in the last few 
quarters. 
 
Our OMS business remained strong with 15.7 plus gigawatts under management in India and 
machine availability consistently above 95%. Renom's AUM is consistently growing on the back 
of steady fleet additions and a healthy order pipeline. Forging & Foundry continues to scale 
strongly. The revenue at INR597 crores, up 22% Y-o-Y and EBITDA at INR119 crores, up 61% 
Y-o-Y, which continued momentum driven by domestic demand and export growth. Now I 
invite Rahul Jain, our Group CFO, to take you through our financial performance. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, Ajay, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I will be using Slides 18 to 25 of 
our investor presentation, which has been uploaded on our website as the reference point for my 
discussion during the presentation. In Q4 FY '26, Suzlon continued its exponential growth 
trajectory delivering 830-megawatt, highest-ever India deliveries for any quarter with all 
financial parameters, showing a strong uptrend. 
 
Suzlon reported consolidated revenue of INR5,468 crores in Q4 FY '26 with EBITDA reaching 
INR964 crores, a robust 39% year-on-year growth with PBT of INR833 crores and with a PAT 
of INR1,114 crores. For the full year FY '26, deliveries grew 58% to 2,456 megawatts. 
 
Strong execution momentum drove revenues up to INR16,679 crores, up 54% Y-o-Y. The WTG 
segment revenues grew 65% to INR14,040 crores, with contribution margin at 24.5%. 
Consolidated EBITDA increased to INR3,022 crores reflecting a strong operating leverage with 
63% Y-o-Y growth. EBITDA margin expanded to 18.1%, up 100 basis points Y-o-Y. PBT rose 
67% to INR2,422 crores with PAT improving to INR3,153 crores. 
 
Let me also say that, PAT includes a deferred tax asset recognition of INR742 crores for the year 
FY '26. We are pleased to report that our balance sheet as of March '26, reflects the position of 
exceptional strength with consolidated net worth of INR9,464 crores. Our net cash balance at 
INR2,384 crores further enhances our financial flexibility and resilience. 
 
We also have adequate working capital limits tied up for execution of the current order book. 
Our end-to-end wind energy model supported by an integrated supply chain, strong execution 
and industry-leading service provides a competitive edge that is unique and difficult for others 
to match. With this, I hand over the call to the operator and open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Your first question comes from the line of Mohit Kumar with ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Mohit Kumar: 
A good set of numbers. Sir my first question is order inflow has been very, very good for the 
year, but for the quarter, it seems to be tad muted. How do you think about from the opportunity 
perspective for the fiscal year '27, is it fair to assume a decline for a couple of quarters before 
the order book picks up once again? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Okay. Mohit, as you've seen, we are more or less closing at the same order book as we started 
the year. You would have heard J.P.C talking about our AP project, where we have a very good 
pipeline of -- in our new model of DevCo. We are getting very good responses. And I can assure 
you that the order pipeline and the discussions that are currently underway, I think we should 
not have an issue. Our opening book was 5, and we are closing at 5.9. I think that is not a concern. 
I think it should be fine. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Mohit, just to add to what Ajay said, as we're moving now from equipment SAA to most of the 
EPC contracts, EPC contracts take a little longer time to close in terms of contracting, because 
multiple contracts. We are offering the sites to them, they will do their own wind assessment 
and then start discussing the land agreements separate, all the agreements separate. 
 
Right now, we are in advanced stage, and I think you will significantly start hearing from June 
itself this quarter, the EPC orders getting closed. So therefore, I don't think there will be any 
downward trend in the couple of quarters, as you mentioned, it will continue to be there. It's 
truly because changing over to EPC, it's taking a little longer time to close these deals. You will 
start hearing from June. 
Mohit Kumar: 
I understood. My question on the PSU opportunity. We were going through the NTPC green 
slide deck, which is available in the public domain and they were talking about adding 6.6 
gigawatts, which is part of their contracted plus awarded pipeline, right, out of which I think 
barely have tied up maybe 1 gigawatt or 2 gigawatt. So a lot of capacity is still pending, but we 
haven't seen any closure in last maybe 8 to 9 months. How do you think about the pipeline? I'm 
talking particularly about NTPC? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
So NTPC, Mohit, till now experimented with having separate contracts for redevelopment in 
BOP and then 3 WTG is turbine supplies. So that's what our contracts have been till now. That's 
not yielding good results in terms of project execution. So they are now moving -- we understand 
they're now moving towards a turnkey EPC contracts. To start with, they already come up with 
some 215-megawatt contract in AP. 
 
We also understand they are going to come up with another 540 megawatts in AP plus another 
2,000 megawatts in AP. We have a significant pipeline now moving away from split contracts 
to EPC contracts. Therefore, obviously, we are strong in PSU, especially if you take the EPC 
contracts, you would know that we would be much better off. So I think the split contracts was 
making the capacity addition delay. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. So you expect that to pick up as you go along the fiscal, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Absolutely. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Massively, given that I think it is a large pipeline. My second -- my last question, sorry, if I may 
squeeze in, of course there has been some talk about the DSM. And of course, it's not finalized 
as of now. But in case the DSM, Deviation Settlement Mechanism for the wind gets tightened, 
how can a manufacturer like us can help mitigate the risk from the client perspective? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Mohit, we have been talking about this for the last two quarters, if you remember, okay? Yes, 
the CERC has come now for wind changing it from plus minus 15 to plus minus 10. And for the 
existing projects as well as they said that the path is set by 2031, we will reach the fossil fuel 
level. And in fact, new projects are going to bid it out from 1st of April 2026. So right from the 
day 1 they get commissioned, they'll get on with fossil fuel. 
 
While there is a stay currently. But I think this is one which is in our opinion, would happen for 
simple reason because even today at the number of days, the energy meeting the demand of 
energy. I'm not talking about the megawatts is renewable energy is crossing 50%. So this 
metering becomes important, this will move. 
 
And as far as we are concerned, we said earlier that we developed a strong scheduling and 
forecasting model, which we're testing till now at plus minus 15%. We are now quickly moved 
into making it plus minus 10% and moving ahead. And we would use this as an opportunity for 
us as an additional service to provide scheduling and forecasting so that the accuracy level 
significantly go up. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Is it possible to use this model to -- use this model to help the existing client set that they -- 
already installed? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Absolutely. We can start doing that. In fact, we had done for a number of our projects, what will 
be the impact of this plus minus 10% -- 15% plus minus 10%. And elsewhere in the world, 
Mohit, the significant improvements happen in the predictability of the wind. So there will be 
some other and we're going to collaborate with few international people. This is important for 
the sectors to grow. So we will play a key role in scheduling and forecasting. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil from Kizuna Wealth. 
Nikhil: 
Congratulations Ajay sir for terrific results. Sir, my first question is on the lines of -- last two 
quarters, you used to provide the execution progress. This quarter, we haven't provided that. So 
can you update us on what is the execution progress this quarter? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Okay. Thanks, Nikhil. I think if it's not there, we will have it provided. But the good news is, as 
you have seen from my opening comments, we have delivered a record commissioning. I also 
mentioned there are almost 975 megawatts of turbines erected and not yet commissioned. 
 
Of those, almost 350 are just ready for commissioning. They are just waiting for the last mile 
because this is on the customer scope. So I'm actually very happy with the progress we have 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
made. I'm very positive that going forward, this pace will only improve at a much, much faster 
pace. 
Nikhil: 
Sir my next question is, can you provide the guidance for the next year, like for the FY '27, for 
the FY '28? How do you perceive the order flow will happen in the industry? And how will 
Suzlon benefit and more on European venture like why start that European thing right now? Not 
prior to that, if you can provide the vision for the European venture too, sir. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Okay. So you're asking 3 questions. So let me start first addressing the fundamental one. On the 
demand side, if you see, over the years, in FY '23, the industry did 2.3 gigawatt of installations, 
which went up to 3.3 in FY '24 further went up to 4.1 in '25. And as I mentioned, 6 gigawatts in 
FY '26 is the record year. 
 
Our numbers would be more or less plus/minus you can give some leeway, 8 gigawatt in '27 and 
maybe 10 gigawatt in '28. I also mentioned that FY '30 or '31, we should be looking at around 
15 gigawatts. There is a very strong demand coming from wind as the industry moves towards 
FDRE. With the solar peaking out in the morning, the evening is when wind really works. 
Battery in any case is there, but battery is not generating. 
 
So to that extent, I think the demand is very good. I was there along with my colleagues in the 
Madrid Wind Europe conference, where we had opportunity to launch our new Blue Sky product 
range, which I mentioned. Of course, it will take some time for that to fructify. But around the 
sidelines of the conference, we met lots of developers, IPPs and utilities. Most of them are very 
excited to work with us, surprisingly on our 2-megawatt and 3-megawatt series and also the 
newer ones. 
 
Suzlon is very well known globally, as you know, over the years. We have a legacy there. We 
still have our fleet there, and we still have offices across the world. So we want to scale it up. 
It's a great market opportunity. 
 
We feel in the next couple of years, this will become one of the big revenue driver and a bottom 
line driver. We'll talk about it more at some other opportune moment. I think on the order book, 
Mohit had already asked and I think between me and J.P.C, we had tried to give you some 
guidance. Other than that, if you want some more specific ones, we can separately connect with 
you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sumit Kishore with Axis Capital. 
Sumit Kishore: 
My first question is on your cash flows. So basically, if you look at your operating cash flow, 
it's about INR12 billion for FY '26 versus your EBITDA of INR30 billion. So could you please 
speak about the increase in working capital and receivables and whether there are any provisions 
for doubtful debtors? 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. Thank you, Sumit. I think there is -- the way I would look at it, our cash flow from 
operations has improved significantly when you look at it from an overall basis. Working capital 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
is predominantly a receivables buildup as primarily due to the PSU contracts. However, this was 
anticipated and factored into the tender pricing as well. 
 
The silver lining really is that most of this is serviced through non-fund based limits and in a 
secular growth scenario, working capital days could improve substantially going forward as 
well. So yes, there is something, but overall also when I look at it, our overall cash position has 
improved only. So delta around that is INR400 crores plus. So I'm actually pretty happy to see 
some positive momentum on that side as well. So that's how I would really look at it, Sumit? 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sure. My second question is after posting almost 60% plus growth at the EBITDA level in FY 
'26, how are you looking at the WTG deliveries, contribution margin and basically your growth 
outlook for FY '27. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Sumit, I'll comment here. Just as I was telling Nikhil, I already gave you our idea that next year 
market can be anywhere between 8 to 9 gigawatt. Suzlon has also mentioned that a very high 
amount of turbines erected, not commissioned so that should help us. I also said that our closing 
or opening order book and also recently, we got a Sunsure order. We have already seen about it. 
 
We are already sitting at almost 6 gigawatt. Mr. J.P.C highlighted right in the beginning, a great 
opportunity emerging from our forward-looking strategy. We'll also talk about it more in the 
coming days on development pipeline. At any given point of time, we are sitting on about 25 
gigawatt of assets across the nation of which 8 to 10 are very much better baked. 
 
And of those, some of them J.P.C mentioned to you. So I think our teams are engaging with the 
customers. I'm very positive on the future. But I think beyond that at this moment, I would not 
like to venture into giving absolute numbers other than saying that the trend is already very 
positive and strong. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks for the clarification. Just one small point. Last year, at the end of the financial year, you 
had done a small cleanup exercise on the order book in terms of the nonmoving orders. So there 
hasn't been any such clarification this time. So is there any nonmoving or slow-moving order in 
your 5,892-megawatt order backlog? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Sumit, as of now, there is nothing of that sort. And as management from time to time, we will 
undertake such actions, which are, I think, very mature and our order book is very healthy. In 
fact, I would stop at that. I mentioned our S144 platform, the 3.X series, I'm really excited, 9 
gigawatt of orders, I think it's one of its kind, and still receiving fantastic response, I was quite 
thrilled when I went to Madrid when I met people across those 2, 3 days. Very, very active 
pipeline of some of the leading developers, top companies, and they want to also shake hands 
with us. So I think in time to come, that will also help us. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Abhishek Nigam with Motilal Oswal. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
So first question is on the FDRE, which J.P.C. sir mentioned in the opening remarks so are you 
seeing more such conversions of projects into FDRE. If you can speak about that? So that will 
be my first question. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Ajay Kapur: 
Okay. I request to J.P.C, with his wisdom and deep knowledge of the industry to guide us on 
this. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
See, the bids, whether FDRE or RTC or the pure wind, these bids would keep coming out 
depending upon which state has what sort of a current generation profile and that load profile. 
While FDRE will continue to be there, I mentioned FDRE with respect to the AP PPA what we 
signed for 775 megawatt way back and which came for hearing in regulatory, and they asked us 
whether we would be willing to convert into FDRE, which we said yes. 
 
In fact, and some of you may know that in last financial year, APRC has approved one of the 
FDRE bids of 400 megawatts with 2 hours peak, 90%, 90% 2 hours morning, 2 hours evening 
plus 60% CUF. They're looking at something of this nature. But however sector-wise, if you're 
looking at it, we are also seeing uptick in pure Wind bids coming in, both at center as well as 
state level because there was some gap because solar went up and then they now realized bid. 
 
Also, if you look at in the recent past, the peak, which Ajay mentioned, 270 gigawatts, which 
was in the daytime and -- but evening peak is continued to be at 250 to 260 gigawatts, and it's 
continued till about midnight. And if you see contribution from the point of it at 270-gigawatts 
peak was there. In that, the solar contributed 22% and 5% with wind during the daytime. In the 
evening peak when it was 250 gigawatts, solar was 0 and wind was 21%. So therefore, now we 
can clearly see that the wind contribution is increasing. 
 
So therefore, that's the reason we're also seeing increasing in wind bids. But I think it's clearly 
whether FDRE comes or the RTC comes or hybrid comes or the 2 existing comes, it all would 
depend upon state to state load profile and current generation mix. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
And second question is there has been a lot of depreciation of the Indian currency, the Indian 
rupee of late. Is there a need to take price hikes to maintain margins consistent with FY '26? 
Rahul Jain: 
Abhishek, I will come in here. Some of our contracts have a pass-through with respect to the 
foreign currency impact that comes through. Again, while there is a geopolitical situation that is 
prevailing as of now, we are always on a cost management drive to be able to reduce our cost to 
deliver better value to our customers. 
 
Yes, there is an impact but again, with our cost management drives, we've been able to mitigate 
that impact to a very large extent is what I would say. For the future, obviously, when we think 
about newer contracts, it will get priced in based on the newer, let's say, exchange rates that are 
prevailing. I hope that answers it. 
Abhishek Nigam: 
Okay. So for now, I mean margin-wise, broadly, you would think margin should remain stable, 
not really go down in FY '27? No real pressure on that? 
Rahul Jain: 
WTG margins, I don't think materially can go down. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Also just to add what Rahul is saying, Abhishek, we are constantly also working on our R&D 
and cost optimization, supply diversification and also make in India. So all the 3 things are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
working. And every year, we have a target of constantly cutting on cost because that's the only 
way you can remain resilient and our resident supply chain has helped us over the last 3 years to 
keep cutting costs. I'm not too sure how much of pricing we can increase, but certainly business 
model reorientation is what we are currently working on. 
 
And I believe with a more EPC, with the development company strategy, with I already 
mentioned 8 to 10 gigawatt of more fully ready projects. Customers are very excited to work 
with us because we just don't talk of selling for today, but we are actually talking of helping 
them build their projects for the year '28, '29, '30. So I think that's where the price is important 
and which also J.P.C alluded in the beginning when a question was asked that the order book 
has been -- it takes time when you do these kind of development projects because it entails a 
series of combinations of contracting. 
 
But I'm very happy that we have a team in place. We have a structure in place and we have a 
business model. We are now pushing actively this year. That should help us mitigate a lot of our 
cost at the same time, keep building our pipeline going forward. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Prakhar Porwal with AMBIT. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
My first question is on the exceptional items that we see. One is in the consol statements of 
INR70 crores. You've mentioned that it is given settlement of contractual matters. So is that in 
the OMS business, that is that? 
Rahul Jain: 
Prakhar, to answer it simply, no, it is not in the OMS business, it is largely SE Forge. Actually, 
it is fully SE Forge, it was an old arbitration matter that got settled in our Favor. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Okay. So also, second question is on the Andhra Pradesh order. Given you mentioned DevCo, 
you have already done around 775 megawatts back in 2016, '17. So wanted to just understand 
how -- I mean, I know the DevCo model, but -- so given you mentioned it is now getting 
converted to FDRE, what will be the scope that Suzlon will do, will it be entire FDRE solar, 
wind, etcetera, development? 
 
Or you will do the wind part, which will be a similar EPC plus WTG model that is second 
question? Just wanted some details on the Andhra Pradesh given this will be actually our first 
DevCo model after our -- I mean transition to the new business model, right? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. Let me just clarify that the -- as far as Andhra Pradesh is concerned, way back in 2015, we 
signed what is called a project implementation agreement where Government of AP has given 
us rights to develop x megawatts of projects. We've done some capacity of it in FY '17 and FY 
'18. And at that point of time in FY '18, they also signed a PPA for 775 megawatts saying the 
tariff for this project will be fixed by the regulatory commission. But nothing much happened 
when -- in between the transition government came in. 
 
It stalled and then came back here. Now what we are talking about is not just the 775 megawatts, 
we're talking about totally 2.1 gigawatts of development rights, the government recently 
approved extension of the PIA by another 24 months. So we are right to develop 2.1 gigawatts 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
where the planned boundaries and everything are fixed and then the agreements are signed with 
NREDCAP. Out of the 775 megawatts, they are willing to get PPA. That's the only difference. 
 
Balance is we can -- we are not responsible for taking the power offtake and which -- so 
therefore, they will get converted into then our normal way of EPC contracts. The 775-megawatt 
FDRE once the PPA gets finalized, there are a couple of clients who are willing to take over that 
as a PPA, along with the SPV, which is signed the PPA and we have an option to -- not we have 
option, we have intention to supply the entire FDRE rather than just the wind portion of it. 
 
So because now we are really getting into full RE stack so that is what is the arrangement as and 
when the tariff gets finalized for this project by APERC, and one of those clients will finalize 
where they will own the project, and we will do complete FDRE supply and as well as services 
thereafter. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
So maximum 775 and the balance -- on the remaining part... 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. Balance we're already converting into EPC contracts. We have given offers various clients. 
And as I said that at the beginning, we would see this from June onwards next 6 months, the 
entire 1,325 megawatts getting converted into firm EPC contracts. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
That will be on a DevCo model where you do the entire part and you -- I mean, sell it on a 
turnkey basis? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
I don't know what you mean by turnkey. We will provide the right from land to the entire project 
commissioning on EPC on a turnkey basis. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Sure. And just lastly, on margins and commodity inflation. I know Rahul mentioned you'll be 
able to maintain margins. But given steel is a big component, if you can maybe qualitatively tell 
what type of measures would help -- I know there are pass-through clauses, but not all contracts 
have those so what all levers do we have to maintain margin going forward on the WTG 
business. That is the last question? 
Rahul Jain: 
Prakhar, steel is largely a pass-through other than maybe some PSU contracts. So I'm not really 
very worried about steel. I mean, like I said, we should have a fair capability of maintaining 
margins where we were exiting. But obviously, there is -- this is an environment that is also 
volatile. So let's say, there or thereabouts, we should be in good shape. 
Ajay Kapur: 
Just to add to what Rahul mentioned. Also, as we sell more of our turbines, we are able to 
renegotiate better rates on our diversified supply chain. I mentioned that 9 gigawatt of S144 
order book as it gets into COD. So that gives our procurement and manufacturing teams also to 
renegotiate with the suppliers on the back end because there's a constant battle. And also then 
we'll have a leverage effect as we grow. 
 
So those are some of the other things we are working. We are also constantly doing value 
creation besides just negotiation. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Satpal Singh Khanuja from Ishaan Ventures. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
For the installation numbers, this year, we did, I think if you leave the 971 MW, which are 
erected but not installed, we did a number of 744 megawatts this year. Sir, when do you see this 
momentum changing like installations being more than the activities so that the pending 
installations will start coming down? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So basically, if you see the growth is substantial. If you just see last year same quarter and also, 
as you know, last quarter is always a bigger one. In RR, we did 573 versus that, this quarter was 
830, which was 45% improvement. Last year, at the same time, I think it was also an industry-
specific issue. We did 95 and this year, same quarter we did 332, that is 250% improvement. 
 
On top of it, there are 350 megawatt, I mentioned, is already ready just to plug in for want of the 
customers readiness. I think the momentum is good. Over the last couple of quarters, we have 
also rejuvenated our entire line organization. There are some decisions we have taken in terms 
of reorganization there, which are already yielding very positive results. We are also running 
drives to improve the fundamental blocks right from land to erection and before erection, 
foundation. 
 
So I'm seeing a very good traction. I believe this trend will continue. And Rahul is also driving 
at his level, along with his teams drive on how we optimize our working capital. And for that, 
we need to pull the commissioning and also close accounts. So that's the way you can recycle 
your money, which is in the working capital. So we are very, very focused on this. I'm sure in 
coming quarters, you'll only hear a very good positive traction by us on this. 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
Sir, just a suggestion, if the management finds it alright, you could think about announcing the 
monthly installation number. The market finds it very -- the entire stock price is very jittery 
based on the installation progress. Maybe we cannot like maybe waiting for a quarter, the 
installation numbers can be given if the management finds it like it's okay and to do 
Ajay Kapur: 
Satpal, I hear you, but I think, as you know, some things you can do it, some things you don't 
want to do it, but there is something. That's what I hear you. I can only say that. Rahul has 
something to say? 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Actually, I just wanted to add to what Ajay is saying. We've heard you. I think there is 
some merit in it, but we will have to evaluate the positions internally and then think about how 
do we manage it. So -- but thank you for the suggestion. 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
Right. Like for my second question is are there any development on the solar and BESS side, 
we wanted to move to those levels. Any acquisition nearing finalization or anything going on at 
level? 
Ajay Kapur: 
So as of now, answer to your second question is no, there's nothing round on the corner. Answer 
to your question number one on solar BESS. J.P.C already mentioned that we are getting into 
FDRE. As we get into it, start signing contracts with our customers, we'll start announcing these. 
But yes, that's very much in our agenda. But what strategy, asset-light versus investing, that's 
something we'll talk to you in time to come, but not today. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
Okay. If I can squeeze just one more question. Okay. So like is it best to say that it is the most 
probable scenario is that Suzlon will do 2,500 megawatts next year also? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Now you're putting words in my mouth. 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
Is that the most probable scenario, sir? 
Ajay Kapur: 
You're talking of installation or you're talking of RR? 
Satpal Singh Khanuja: 
No, delivery, sir. 
Ajay Kapur: 
We cannot give you that number, as I mentioned. But certainly, we can have a discussion 
whenever you want to. I can only tell you what we are doing on the leading indicators, which 
are going to help, the lagging indicator, which is delivery. 
Rahul Jain: 
And again, J.P.C sir, can you just want to quickly answer that as well? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, I would only say please look at the past trend, 700 to 1,550. 1,550 to 2,456. So therefore, I 
just want you to consider the trend, and we expect the positive trend to continue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shweta Jain with Anand Rathi. 
Shweta Jain: 
Most of the questions have been answered. Just one on the co-development model again to get 
the EPC visibility. Where are we -- like last time, I think we had interacted, we were talking 
about 22 to 23 gigawatts kind of a development pipeline, of which I think 7 gigawatts were at 
advanced -- different stages of advancement. Could you throw some light on where those 
projects are? And has this pipeline moved anywhere? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. I think you're spot on, Shweta, we've talked about 22 to 23 gigawatts of identified sites and 
about 8 gigawatts development that work is progressing. And some of them are now getting 
converted into contracts. Some places, the land acquisition is under progress. Some places, we 
signed the land agreements, but we are also now converting them into EPC contracts. 
 
There is a progress happening, and then we would keep increasing this 8 gigawatt further. As 
soon as some contracts get signed, then obviously, we'll keep adding more to it into the active 
development phase. But this is what clearly is going to be our engine for growth in the coming 
years. And not just for us, I think this is going to be engine for growth of the sector because the 
execution is becoming a major challenge. And this will actually unlock that execution 
challenges. So you're already seeing that some of the EPC orders getting announced through 
this... 
Shweta Jain: 
So by when do we see this announcement happening? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No. See, we don't announce the land contracts. We will only announce when we do the EPC 
contracts. So there are some land contracts signed where acquiring -- the model I clearly 
explained earlier that we will start acquiring the land wherever we see a high possibility of sale 
of the site. And we have put some working capital into that and before we reached 25% of the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
land acquisition, we try to do a land contract. And now with some of them we signed and which 
we don't announce as I said, we only announce EPC contracts. 
 
We are getting converted into EPC contracts and which we will start seeing as early as -- in fact, 
we announced some of them like the one which we announced with ArcelorMittal was coming 
out of the development pipeline only, and EPC contract what we announced sometime back and 
you will also see some contracts getting announced from June onwards. And then when we 
announce the EPC contract, we don't announce it has come from the development pipeline. 
That's why you may not be hearing it separately but it's coming. That contract itself is somewhat 
a development contract. 
Rahul Jain: 
And just to add to J.P.C, Shweta. I think as we go out in time, you will see more announcements 
around it as well. 
Shweta Jain: 
Got it. But this 22, 23 gigawatts remain as is for now? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Probably slightly higher. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
No, no. Shweta, it will never remain that way. What is the number, that number will have x 
amount of sites. Some sites get signed, some sites get added. As you know that every year, we 
keep adding new wind masts and we keep collecting new data. And we also map the likely 
substations coming up in the future, okay? And we also map, which are the sites which can easily 
get converted into co-located hybrid projects. So on that basis, we'll keep adding to this. It is a 
dynamic situation. So it will never remain static. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will be taking the last 2 questions for the day. Our next question 
comes from the line of Mahesh Patil with ICICI Securities. 
Mahesh Patil: 
Most of the questions answered, just one question on the Q4 PAT so we have recognized 
deferred tax assets. So how much exactly we should adjust in the reported PAT for this... 
Rahul Jain: 
So the number on the reported PAT that I have for the quarter is about INR281 crores. That's the 
number to be adjusted? 
Mahesh Patil: 
I'm saying in the EPC contract that we are doing, the transmission part will also be handed by 
us. Is that correct? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. EPC contracts normally we do the land supply, erection and the BOP. And in some cases, 
we also do the pooling substations. In very extremely rare cases, but very, very rare, we take up 
the transmission and from there to this thing, but that's extremely rare. So most of the contracts 
will have between the plant boundary and some will have plus the pooling substation. Extreme 
rare cases, the transmission. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar with UTI Mutual Funds. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
May 25, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir, just a couple of quick questions. I just want to understand about the capex guidance you 
spent almost INR550-odd crores last year. So any run rate capex that you can assume over the 
next 3, 4 years? 
Ajay Kapur: 
Yes. So Nikhil, as we expand our capacity to participate in the demand, which I mentioned 
already to you all. We would have a run rate of about INR600-odd plus minus 50 going forward. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir, what is the current capital deployed for the DevCo? I mean you had a certain threshold 
beyond which you wouldn't grow. So what is that threshold and how much have we deployed 
right now, if you can? 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. I think as all of you know, we said -- we talked about earlier about INR300 crores of the 
cash we keep it for this and then as we move ahead, depending upon how the model develops 
and in case we also want to get into connectivity, then we will be needing some non-fund-based 
facility. 
Rahul Jain: 
As of now, the number is in the range of about 300, 350. But yes, what you are saying is 
absolutely right, J.P.C. So as we go on, we will see some more working capital needs on that 
side. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Yes. So there are RE parks coming up -- some states are coming up with RE parks. And we are 
also working with the Government of India for a possibility of changing GNA regulations so 
that we can develop RE parks with connectivity, which is transferable. So as and when those 
things happen, obviously, that there will be more required, but those will all -- would help us to 
grow the business. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir. And just a final one, how much tax assets are still remaining? And what should be the 
expected tax rate, say, in the next couple of years? 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. So again, the deferred tax adjustment that you've seen until now are largely related to 
recognizing certain deferred tax assets. Given our current run rate, we believe that there is -- for 
the next two years, only the deferred tax charge will come into the profit and loss account, which 
is also a noncash charge. Rough estimates on this are in the range of about INR3,000 crores to 
INR3,500 crores in terms of unrecognized deferred tax assets. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
J.P. Chalasani: 
Thank you, everyone. We look forward to remaining in touch in the coming days and sharing 
with you the progress of the company. Have a good evening. Thank you. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, and bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Suzlon Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you, 
everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines 
