 
Regd. Office: 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra East Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India) 
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022- 61354801  
CIN No.: L29306MH2020PLC341326 
E-mail: investorrelations@mswil. motherson.com  
Website:www.mswil.motherson.com  
  
 
 
May 4, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498 
 
 
 Subject: Transcript of the Investor call   
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is with reference to our letter dated April 28, 2026 for Audio of Conference Call with the 
investors on the audited financial results for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 
2026. In this connection, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
 
The above information has also been made available on the website of the company 
www.mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2025-26/Q4/Transcript-of-the-investor-call-on-Q4FY26-results.pdf 
 
The above is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed 
by POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2026.05.04 
17:29:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Results Conference Call 
April 28, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal 
Chairman 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. (MSWIL) 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Director 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. (MSWIL) 
 
Mr. Anurag Gahlot 
Chief Operating Officer and Whole Time Director 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. (MSWIL) 
 
Mr. Gulshan 
Chief Financial Officer  
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. (MSWIL) 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital 
Whole time Director and President 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (SAMIL) 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 Results Conference Call 
hosted by Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal from Motherson Sumi Wiring India 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Sehgal. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today. I 
warmly welcome you to the Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited Results Call for the 
Fourth Quarter 2026, and I'm thankful for continued confidence in MSWIL. I'm pleased to 
announce that the company has delivered best quality results and their yearly 
performance has crossed INR10,000 crores of yearly revenues for the first time. 
 
During the quarter, we have seen copper prices rise significantly and expect to remain at 
elevated levels as these are under pass-through arrangements with the customers with 
the time lag, the impact on our profitability is transitional. Our greenfield facilities are 
progressing well and have commenced contributing. We anticipate the contribution will 
further increase once customer volumes at the projected levels. 
 
I'm also pleased to highlight that MSWIL continue to maintain a debt-free status since 
inception, supporting our preparedness for the future with a diversified powertrain 
portfolio, disciplined capital allocation and a steadfast focus on operational excellence. 
 
With that, I hand you over to Vaaman, Pankaj, Anurag and Gulshan, who will be happy to 
address any questions that you may have. Thank you, and over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Raghunandhan: 
It is good to see the strong revenue performance. On the demand side, can you talk about 
how has been the traction in terms of new orders? Has there been any new order wins 
lately? Do you see the need for adding more capacities in FY '27? And can you talk about 
the capex plans for '27, sir? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Sure. I think Anurag and Pankaj can take this question, please. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Sure, sir. As far as new orders are winning, we are winning the businesses in all 
powertrains, whether it's ICE, EV or even the hybrid also. As you have seen that we have 
grown with around 33% on the sales revenue and the market has grown in the single digit 
for the whole year. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
And looking into the Q1 as we are talking right now, we think that this will continue in this 
quarter as well. Regarding the capacities, our existing plants, they are running around 80% 
of capacity utilization at this moment. And the greenfields are in the different stages. But 
as we have informed earlier also that as soon as we are touching to the 80% capacity, we 
started expanding ourselves but backed by the customer firm orders only. 
 
So the way everybody has announced their expansion, the various OEMs, we will also be 
expanding in this year. And so far, we have done the capex of around INR190 crores in last 
year. And for this year also, these numbers will be on the similar lines. 
Raghunandhan: 
On the cost side, there is a 2.9% compression in gross margin due to temporary factors. 
The major one would be copper, where there is a pass-through, which will happen within 
3 to 6 months. I wanted to understand on the other costs. There is an adverse currency 
impact. Also is there an increase in power cost, freight cost, insurance cost on imports? 
Is there a pass-through for currency and other costs to customers? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
As far as currency is concerned, yes, currency is also as we have the back-to-back 
arrangement with the customer on 3 to 6 months lag. Major customer on the 3 months, 
but the balance are on 6 months lag. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. On greenfield, what would be the current utilization level? The revenue 
performance has been good in Q4 at INR443 crores, maybe the utilization is at 75%. At 
what utilization levels do you see these plants contributing positively to EBITDA? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
As far as capacity is concerned for 3 greenfield, like Kharkhoda is coming around 80%. 
Pune location, whereas the volumes has not gone to the forecasted number. So it is 
approximately 50%. And the third location is in Gujarat in Navagam, which is 
approximately 60% because  one of the model is ramping up right now in the Q1 also. 
 
So this is the status of the capacity at this moment. And as you rightly said, that INR400-
plus crores is the quarterly turnover for these 3 greenfields. And as we have projected 
earlier also that it will be in the tune of around INR2,000 crores on the annualized basis. 
So we are going to touch soon if the volumes forecasted by the customer to met. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, first question on the revenue. So like we said that last quarter, the revenues were really 
not fully reflecting the copper price increase. So fair to say that the current revenues will 
be fully reflecting the sharp increases in copper we have seen till the last quarter? 
Gulshan: 
Largelyso with respect to the previous quarter prices, that is there. But for the quarter 4, 
the lag or I mean in terms of the pass-through impact will happen in the next quarter. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. But sir, because copper has been going up consistently in the last 3 quarters. If we 
look like from quarter 1 to quarter 4, our gross margins have come down by close to 600 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
bps. So I mean, when this pass-through happens, would you be able to recover the entire 
sort of cost pressure or you think because there is a numerator denominator effect, the 
recovery may not be able to fully cover up the levels that we were operating at. So how 
should I think about going ahead? 
Gulshan: 
See, the cost will be recovered fully with the lag, and there will be a denominator effect, 
which will be there, right? Because there is no percentage increases, whatever increase 
will be built in the sales, same amount will be built in the cost. So due to denominator 
effect, some marginal dip will see in the EBITDA always. 
 
But just to add that, it is pretty evident from the full year profitability, the cost rises in the 
first few quarters have already been passed on to the customers. So whatever dip is seen 
in this quarter, it is not pronounced for a full year, if you just see. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Understood. Understood. Sir, last question on this greenfield plant. So like we discussed, 
we are already at INR440 crores run rate quarterly. At what run rate do we expect the 
profitability to be similar to our existing business? Is there any sort of guidance you can 
give given that we have continued to ramp up quite well in the last few quarters. So some 
sense like how much is the fixed cost and by what utilization or revenue run rate we can 
sort of touch our company average margins will be very helpful? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Siddharthaji, as I was earlier explaining that these plants are still under ramp-up, like 
Mandal I was talking about, still the volumes, which has been come in the Q4 in one 
particular model, they are still ramping up. And in Pune also where volumes are not there. 
So those volumes are yet to come, which has been forecasted earlier. 
 
So as soon as these greenfield will come to the complete capacity utilization and they will 
turn into the normal plant for like our existing plants, I think then we can see that, that 
margins in totality will give our total picture at the company level. So we are not going into 
specific to that and trying to just tell you that how once the volumes will gear up and reach 
to that 80% capacity, then we can see an improvement there. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Just a quick follow-up again on the copper side. Could you just refresh us to how much 
how do we think about the proportion of copper in the raw material basket or if you can 
share a number in terms of percentage of revenues? And the typical pass-through, is it 3 
months? Is it 6 months? Some color if you can give on that? And like similar to last quarter, 
you had quantified the impact of copper inflation that we saw on gross margin. Is it 
possible to quantify that for this quarter as well? 
Gulshan: 
So with respect to the copper prices, if you see on a sequential basis, there's an 18% 
increase in the copper prices. So if you just look at the sales number and the increase on 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
account of 2% just because of the increase in the copper prices. So firstly, take that out. 
The remaining is pronounced to the growth volumes, which were there in the revenue. 
 
The second, with respect to the cost part, I mean, it's fairly in the percentages ofI mean, 
24% to 28% roughly sitting in the cost on account of copper. Right. Secondly, in terms of 
quantities the impact, it would be very difficult considering the large set of components 
we have in the wiring harness. But in a ballpark number, you can just put it around 2% to 
2.5% on the bottom line effect on account of increase in copper prices due to some lag in 
the recovery from the customer. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. And which should 3 months, 6 months, what's the typical pass-through timeline? 
Gulshan: 
Largely, our customers falls in a 3-month bracket, but there are a few customers where 
the 6-month arrangements are also there. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. And I mean, looking at copper now, does it seem like we have the headwinds 
completely baked in, in quarter 4 or you're continuing to see pressure in terms of going into 
quarter 1 as well. 
Gulshan: 
I wish I could predict the copper prices where it will be in the future. But that's for sure, the 
increase, which is there in the quarter 4, we would be able to offset in the quarter 1 
volumes. That's as per the contractual terms with the customers. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. And the other question I had was on the greenfield. I'm a little bit confused as 
to how to think about the profitability of these units because you mentioned INR440 crores 
revenue in this quarter, which is there in the presentation and INR2,000 crores is the 
annualized run rate that we sort of look at as revenues from these greenfield plants. 
 
I mean INR440 crores in itself would mean we are closer to 88%, 89% of the revenue run 
rate that we are anticipating from these plants. And why are there start-up costs then? I 
mean, is that the right way to think about it? I'm just a little confused because it already 
reflects 90% of the revenue run rate now? 
Gulshan: 
Just to clarify, see, in this quarter, some of the greenfield was supposed to be ramped up 
in the quarter 2 but somehow have not ramped up fully. First thing. The second is in 
Navagam, the SOP was there for one of the model in the quarter 4 only. So they are in the 
process of ramping up. And if you see quarter-on-quarter also, the profitability or the costs 
have improved. The performance of the greenfield have improved. Our loss has gone 
down. 
 
So probably I mean, Kharkhoda is going as per plan. Navagam is going as per plan. The 
volumes will be ramped up in 1.5 quarters. Pune is one thing where the volumes have not 
come up, this is something we have been maintaining from the past 2 quarters as well. So 
I think it will take I mean, a couple of quarters, the profitability will be there with respect I 
mean, we will be able to compare with our existing plants. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. So this is this first quarter is what you're meaning. I mean if you see the stabilized 
run rate of this revenue, we should certainly see margins coming at parity to where the 
earlier plants were. Is that reading correct? 
Gulshan: 
Absolutely. Once the volumes will be ramped up and if we are able to recover our initial 
ramp-up cost, obviously, that will be there as the performance of existing performance of 
the greenfield plants will be there as per the existing plants. It will take some time, a few 
quarters, yes. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Himanshu Singh from Baroda BNP Paribas 
Mutual Funds. 
Himanshu Singh: 
My questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Preet from InCred AMC. 
Preet: 
Sir, my first question would be in line of what would be our gross margin in the greenfield 
plant in quarter 4? 
Gulshan: 
I think this is not the right time to measure the cost element by element with respect to the 
greenfield, because there are certain level of optimization we do across the plants. Soand 
also, we don't go plant-by-plant profitability in that way. 
Preet: 
Just to rephrase it, is my understanding clear that if copper prices impact would have not 
been happening in greenfield, we would have been EBITDA breakeven in this quarter? 
Gulshan: 
Could be. But as I told that there will some time where we are seeing improvements in the 
greenfield. Once the volumes will be ramped up, I think that we will be breakeven and the 
profitability will start positive. 
Preet: 
Got it. And sir, for full year, we have incurred around INR127 crores of net cost for the entire 
greenfield. How much amount will be one-off in this that we will not be seeing in the 
coming years or onetime setup cost or something like that? 
Gulshan: 
Could you repeat your question, sorry? I didn't get there. 
Preet: 
We had around INR127 crores of net start-up cost from our greenfield plant. What would 
be the one-off in this one-off or onetime setup cost in for this greenfield plant for full year 
or for this quarter? 
Gulshan: 
So very difficult to break into the greenfield part that this is all the cost where we need to 
do upfront loading of the manpower resources. So we will spend some cost on that part. 
But it's very difficult to put it in the number. There's a onetime cost or one-off cost because 
all greenfields are in an operationalized mode. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
It's not like they are in a very starting mode or SOP has just announced. So it is not like that. 
We have covered our journey in the greenfields also and now in the process of getting I 
mean, we reached a stage where we see that there will be a stabilization in the greenfield. 
Preet: 
So sir, if we stabilize our greenfield revenue and comes at the same capacity utilization of 
which our ex-greenfield is there, will we be able to maintain same kind of margin, 11%, 
12% what we do in greenfield? Is that possible? 
Gulshan: 
See, I think we have already maintained that. We don't go by margin. We are a ROCE 
focused company, and we have been able to deliver consistently more than what the and 
deliver that return. We don't go by that plant by plant profitability. We always see at a 
committed at a company level. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
And look, I think, the growth rates are definitely all picking up in the Indian context. So that 
is a very good sign. And also, if you see that as long as the copper prices don't continue to 
appreciate with all the volatility that's there in the market, this should normalize and you 
would see that the of course, the plants are showing much better performance because 
of this. 
 
So a couple of double hits in this quarter because of the rising prices. But as they take on 
volumes and the prices of copper stabilize, you definitely should see a much better 
delivery on those numbers. But we are fairly confident that this should happen in the next 
few quarters. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Aashin from Canara Robeco. 
Aashin: 
I had just one question regarding this INR200 crores capex, which we are talking about 
next year. So could you please give us the nature of this capex? I mean, will it be a new 
greenfield plant or will it be capacity addition at our existing plants? And will we see again 
start-up costs that happen? 
Gulshan: 
So it is a combination of what you have said. Something will be obviously towards our 
greenfield because the customers have already announced their expansion plan. We need 
to cater that. Second is something will be towards automation and digitization also. The 
third will be a replacement capex also in terms of the existing plants. So it will be a 
combination of the permanent combination, I think you already covered it. 
Aashin: 
Okay. So this automation should help our margins going forward? 
Gulshan: 
It should be. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nandan Pradhan from Emkay Global. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Sir, just a small clarification at mine. I think as a follow-up from the previous participant. 
You mentioned 24% to 28% is sitting in the cost due to copper. I mean, did I get that right? 
The question was around proportion of copper in the RM basket? 
Gulshan: 
You're talking about cost or are you talking about the cost with respect to sales? 
Nandan Pradhan: 
No. So in the current RM basket, so we've got about 70% is RM cost, right? So effectively, 
remaining 50% would be conversion cost and this 24% to 28% would be pure commodity 
cost roughly? 
Gulshan: 
No. So commodity cost would be approximately, I would say, in the range of 9% to 10%, 
the increases. 
Nandan Pradhan: 
Not the relative change within that 70%, how would you break that down into commodity 
cost and conversion cost? 
Gulshan: 
So that we have covered, I think this is in the range of 24% to 28% in the RMC with respect 
to the copper. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Pandey from Axis Capital. 
Vijay Pandey: 
I have a couple of questions. One, I wanted to check about the ramp-up plan. So when do 
you expect to see the volumes coming back from the OEM side? Do you expect to see this 
in FY '27? Or it might be like this calendar year or probably it will go to the next calendar 
year? Can you just help us understand how the ramp-up schedule will be for the... 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, these customers bring a lot of variation into the volumes and they launch the new 
models as well. So there is no as such fixed date if you're asking us that when these 
volumes will be back, but there are replacement models also and there are new model 
launches also keep coming, which takes care for these low volumes. 
Vijay Pandey: 
If the plan was delayed by the OEM that probably you would have got whether it's delayed 
by 6 months or 3 months? I was asking that aspect? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Sorry, your question was not very clear, if you could kindly repeat. 
Vijay Pandey: 
I was asking in that aspect that generally, when a model gets delayed, customer OEMs, 
like if it's for short duration delay, then they provide they tell whether it's 3 months or 6 
months or otherwise, if it's delayed for a larger period, then probably we may not know. So 
that's why I was asking? 
Pankaj Mital: 
So I think what the management has been explaining is that those delays are over. The 
models have been launched. In certain regions, the volumes have not achieved volumes 
achieved are not what were forecasted at the beginning. And we do hope, as Anurag was 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
explaining that customers do launch many variants over a period of time to also improve 
upon that, plus many new things happen. That's how he tried to explain for a certain region. 
 
And in the other regions, the ramp-ups are still happening, which, of course, as you asked 
that the expectation is that the market is growing within this year, those launches and the 
volume should grow. Of course, market variables remain at play. So there are some pluses 
and some minuses. Some things click much better. Some things do not click that well. So 
those are the kind of market variables which remain. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Sir, just wanted to clarify. So I think you said that greenfield revenue target steady revenue 
expectation is INR2,000 crores. Is it for the Kharkhoda plant? Or is it all 3 plants combined 
because we are already at INR400 crores quarterly run rate? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Sir, when we had mentioned this about some time ago, that was for all the plants put 
together, around INR2,000 crores, INR2,100 crores. That was our expectation at that time 
for based on the volumes and which were there at that time. So it was not any plant 
specific. We do not give any guidance on any plant-specific revenue, sir. 
Vijay Pandey: 
Sir, has this increased over the last 2 quarters, last 2, 3 quarters you expect still that 
INR2,000 crores, which is now, I think, should be achieved next year? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes. As you see in quarter 4, the revenue achieved from the greenfield is more than INR400 
crores already. So if we extrapolate, volumes are growing and greenfield are doing much 
better revenues now. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Sonal Gupta from HSBC Asset Management 
India. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Sir, just a couple of questions, just follow-ups to the existing ones. So one is that in terms 
of we also have a fair amount of import content, which is, I think, yen denominated. And 
we've not really seen much I mean, well, yen has also been weak like the rupee. So it's not 
really been relatively we've not seen much depreciation of the rupee versus the yen. So 
would it be correct to understand that then that the rupee depreciation would not have 
impacted you other than the copper-related stuff, right? 
Gulshan: 
So there is a marginal impact with respect to the currency movement sitting in this quarter 
because if you have noticed the JPY has appreciated in this quarter. And we have a pass-
through element for this currency movement as well, which we will pass on in the next 
quarter. So precisely, it's not that significant but some part is sitting in the current quarter 
profitability also. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. And the arrangements would be similar, right, like you're saying 3 months for most 
customers? 
Gulshan: 
Right, right. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Sonal Gupta: 
And just another cost element was on the polymer side, right, like the which you're using 
while making the wires other than copper. So the I mean, like given the petchem prices, 
etc., are all going up and PVC prices have also gone up. So will that how material is that 
for you? Could you sort of give a sense on that because that will again start hitting us? I 
don't know if it's already started hitting us? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, I think polymer prices due to the situation global situation are growing. So it's a very 
recent phenomenon. And definitely, it is not as big as a copper element but then it will 
definitely have an impact. And as you know, we work very transparently with our 
customers. So our working is very transparent. And anything which is happening due to 
the global scenario, which is beyond any one of us, we sit together and find solutions 
together jointly. 
Sonal Gupta: 
And this would also have a pass-through element or this will have to go back and 
negotiate? 
Pankaj Mital: 
It will be something, as I mentioned, that we are quite open working together with all our 
customers. They do recognize when things, which are happening for everyone that we 
have to find solutions together. So we are all in the same boat, let me put it like that. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it, sir. And just lastly, I know there's been questions around I mean, like what it looks 
like given that we've already hit 80% in Kharkhoda and 60% in Gujarat that those plants are 
probably not I mean, it's mainly the Pune plant, which has started first but given the 
volumes have not ramped up, there is dragging the overall greenfield profitability. 
 
So is there I mean, like or are there any start-up I mean, like you're still up coming up the 
learning curve in Gujarat and in Kharkhoda, and that is why these plants are also below 
normalized profitability? 
Pankaj Mital: 
I think you're putting it very right that when new things happen and our totally brand-new 
plants ramp up, it's a cost of growth. You've seen that MSWIL has grown at a very fast pace 
setting up these large plants. And the last quarter saw the ramp-up in the Gujarat plant for 
one of our customers. So it's a steep ramp-up. And all these things do matter. So once 
everything stabilizes, it gives you a much better gives us a much better result. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
And just to add also that in these plants, the customer has also postponed their project 
launch also model launch also. So it has gone delayed. But for us, as we said in the past 
also that we have to front load with manpower to make the skill and all that. So you have 
to take that cost upfront. Maybe customer has delayed but then these are the costs which 
are already occurring into these projects. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Got it. And just one last question, if I may. On the manpower cost, right? Like this year has 
been very strong growth in manpower. Obviously, that's also reflected in the strong growth 
on the top line. And like you said, we have to upfront manpower costs. So we've seen a 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
very strong growth. I just wanted to understand like given next year's outlook, will we see 
more normalized growth? Or you see that manpower growth will also still keep I mean, will 
be keeping pace with the top line growth itself, right? I'm just trying to understand? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Are you talking about the cost of manpower growing in line with the sales growth? So your 
question wasn't very clear. 
Sonal Gupta: 
Yes, yes. So I'm trying to so this year, I think our manpower growth is probably in excess of 
20%, right, like 25% odd, which is because we were obviously setting up these new 
greenfield, so we had to hire also a lot of new people. But I'm just trying to understand like 
now we have the manpower in place and the growth in manpower costs will be more 
normalized related to annual increments, etc., or we still see that manpower, we have to 
still given our projects for next year, we need to hire a lot more people and therefore, 
manpower costs will sort of continue to grow much faster? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, at least for the plants that have already started and ramped up, they are now in a 
good way, and they should deliver better returns because they've been fully utilized and 
everybody has been trained over there. For some of the newer capex and new expansions, 
of course, they will, again, the same process would have to be repeated for those plants 
where at least for if it's a greenfield, they will take some time but the brownfields will have 
a much faster execution and existing usage of the manpower that's already there. 
 
But overall, like I said, I think this was a big spurt of growth for us in this year with multiple 
plants coming online at the same time, and they have all now started to take to ramp in a 
good way. We are really bullish on the market and I think that the sales will grow nicely in 
the next year, and that will even out this growth that we had on the cost side. And we 
should perform much better. 
 
So you should see definitely a lot more realization that's happening from these plants than 
the opposite effect. But also, we are very hopeful of more growth and more orders. So if 
you're setting up more greenfield, it's a good thing. But yes, we're constantly looking at 
ways that we can do more with the people that we have. There is also interesting 
developments in obviously, in computers with AI agents and things like that. 
 
So we're all looking at all those ways that we can develop faster, develop better, make 
people more productive and of course, being sensible about it where we can give our 
people opportunities of growth as well. So we're trying to balance this whole thing out. I 
think it's an interesting very interesting time for us with lots of opportunities. The team is 
quite focused. And I think next year is really going to be a strong year for us. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Pardon me if this question is answered. So 33% growth for the quarter looks strong but we 
see your gross profit growth, which is revenues minus the raw material growth was about 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
15%. It will be helpful if you can break the revenue growth in terms of volume growth and 
the content growth and so we understand that the pass-through impact of the 
commodities, which you have outlined, that can be ironed out? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We normally don't do that because it's quite a fluid situation and to be looking at these 
numbers on what that thing is, and we know that we're going to be compensated by the 
customer in the following quarter. But we take your feedback, we will look at it and see if 
we can provide more color down the line. We have not done that piece yet. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Fair enough. So while you I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, you answered that about 25-
odd percent of the bill of material is copper and how if you could also help us what will be 
contribution from aluminum and the PVC. These are the major commodities where the 
prices are moving and a lot volatile and that eventually is a pass-through for you to the 
customers? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So we take your suggestion, but the complexity of multiple plants, projects to really get 
into these kind of details when we are anyway having those kind of discussions on a rolling 
basis with the customer, I'm not sure if it will provide a lot of value. But like I said, we take 
your suggestion and we'll look into it. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Great. Could you talk about the growth incremental growth from what we understand is 
that Aurangabad is going to be a very significant hub for passenger vehicles given that 2 
large OEMs are setting shop there. Would MSUMI be a participant in that growth? What is 
what are your plans for capturing that piece of the market? 
Pankaj Mital: 
I mean, definitely, wherever our customers go and the best locations to support them 
from, we work together with them and decide our location of the plants. So sometimes 
some existing plants are used and as the volumes grow, new plants come up. And that's 
how we work together with the OEMs very carefully. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Sure. So I mean just to clarify, the new plants of Toyota and PMG that we would be seeing 
over the next couple of years, would MSUMI be a beneficiary of that? Or are there are those 
being taken up by our competition? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We are not allowed to disclose the exact programs of our customers. I think you would 
have seen a slide where we are supplying 9 out of the 10 the top PV. So I think that should 
answer your question that if we are currently on the programs which are selling the most 
in the market, then of course, the customer would like us to continue. 
 
Otherwise, we wouldn't have that position. So we don't buy land and then hope that the 
customer gives us orders. Of course, we are in very close contact with the customers. 
Wherever they want us, that's where we set up the plant. We don't set up plants without 
having the firm orders in hand. So we already told you that we're going to expand in capex. 
We're going to expand in greenfield. We're going to expand in brownfield. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
And hopefully, you know where the customers are also expanding. So that should give you 
an idea that wherever the growth is happening, Motherson will definitely be a beneficiary 
of that growth as long as the customer continues to source us, and that is the case right 
now. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Neel Shah from Purnartha Investment Advisors. 
Neel Shah: 
So I basically just wanted the number on capex that you guided for in FY '27? 
Gulshan: 
It will be largely in line with what we have incurred in the current year, approximately 
INR200 crores. 
Neel Shah: 
So one of the previous participants asked about the impact on the sales growth due to 
copper prices. So the year-on-year increase in sales is around 33% So how much of this 
was due to the copper prices, if you can quantify that? 
Gulshan: 
Increase of you're saying 44%, right, 43%, 44%. 
Neel Shah: 
So the year-on-year increase for March '26 was 33% in the top line, right? So how much of 
that came due to copper pricing? 
Gulshan: 
Yes. So there is an increase of copper prices quarter 3 versus quarter 3 this year is around 
18%. So and that is the price which is the basis for the quarter 4. And if you see in terms of 
the copper prices, it contributes around 5%. And the remaining is approximately 20% to 
29% contribute towards volume. 
Neel Shah: 
And can you do a similar analysis for the increase in cost due to copper? 
Gulshan: 
I think I have already told that the copper content is around 24% to 28% sitting in the 
COGS. So I think it's fairly there. And we are procuring copper at a live prices only, which 
is prevailing in the current quarter. So that's fair. 
Neel Shah: 
Okay. And in Q4, the prices averaged around 12,800 per copper. Assuming that the prices 
continue to be in the same level in Q1 FY '26, can you guide for the gross margin? Like what 
would you expect the change in gross margin to be if the prices remain the same? 
Gulshan: 
See, we are not a margin-driven company. These elements are the pass-through elements 
with our customers. So if you look at the ROCE, we are ROCE-focused company, and we 
look at the ROCE for any year, it's already pretty there, close to 40% for this year as well. 
So obviously, this have for some customers, it will be 3 months or some customers will be 
6 months. So you have to look at out from a good amount of period to get the profitability 
that you want. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Neel Shah: 
Okay. Actually, I was just having a bit of difficulty understanding the was asking. So if you 
can just again try to give me some light that if the copper prices remain the same, the 
margin should ideally bounce back a little, right? 
Gulshan: 
Absolutely. If the copper prices will remain same as the base of the selling prices, 
obviously, the margins will be back to the normal, which is there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pranav Doshi from ARDEKO. 
Pranav Doshi: 
So, just a couple of questions. One is that, sir, in an earlier interaction, we had mentioned 
that greenfield capacity is fungible and that ICE engine business could be redirected to 
the EV plants. So and especially if the volumes are delayed. So can you share any 
incremental progress on that front? So have we got any ICE engine orders for which have 
been allocated for the Pune or the Navagam plants? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
So I think you're asking more of the customer information that should be asked by you to 
the customer. I can't we can't answer these questions. It's basic. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Yes. No, no, sir. So this was more on, let's say, that if we are facing an issue with the EV 
ramp-up. So is it like any orders... 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Sir, I can't comment about the customer facing ramp-up issues on EV orders or ICE 
engines or something like that. I can tell you about my product but I can't tell you about 
the customers' products about the customer is facing. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Right, sir. I'll move on to the second the next question. So just that on the greenfield start-
up costs, so now we've been impacted by those on the profitability front for almost 2 years. 
So I just have 2 related questions on that front. So first is that, let's say, we'll be approving 
more capex in the future. So like are we looking for any firmer customer commitments 
before breaking ground given like the kind of experience that we've had for this round of 
capex? So that is the first question. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, again, the capex is only based on getting firm orders from the customer. So we will 
not build a plant if we don't have the order. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, secondly, like what is the plan B for the underutilized plants, like, let's say, 
if the customer launches, they continue to be delayed even in the future quarters. So like 
do we have any plan B for that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, we're always looking at bringing different customers into those locations. But we are 
overall bullish on the Indian automotive scenario. I think there could be hiccups of small 
here and there. But over the long term, the car penetration ratios, why are all the OEMs 
investing so much money in building new capacity because everybody sees huge potential 
in growth. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
April 28, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
 
Now it might not happen equivalent in every quarter. But overall, if you see the growth over 
the long term, we believe that these plants will take up and we need to expand more with 
more orders that will be coming. So overall, maybe it's breathe with the market sort of 
situation. If a quarter happens where certain volume doesn't do well, we, of course, try to 
diversify. 
 
That's why no customer, no country, no component as a group philosophy should not be 
more than a certain percentage of our overall sales, which we are constantly bringing 
down also every single year. And we continue to do that even in MSWIL and try to onboard 
new customers and new products and go after even 2-wheelers, commercial vehicles, all 
different types that we can do to diversify the risk. So it might be, again, maybe breathe 
and slow down maybe for a quarter or 2 but objective of the entire team is to win new 
business and try to win new customers from that location. 
Pranav Doshi: 
Right, sir, right. Got it, sir. And just finally, since I missed it earlier, I just wanted to confirm 
the utilization of the Pune plant. So currently at what utilization are we operating in that 
greenfield plant? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, this obviously, that as we said in the earlier conversation also, that was coming 
around 40% to 50%, but we have to see how if the volumes comes up again from these 
customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal for closing comments. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you all very much for your questions to try and understand our business. It appears 
that you are trying to find out more and more about things that we cannot talk about 
because we are bound by the secrecy of the customer. And every customer is very 
important to us. So I hope you take that in the right way. And take care, and thank you very 
much for your questions, and have a good evening. Bye-bye. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Thank you. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliance under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the 
transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edits to the content 
or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held 
beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can may include forward-looking 
statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual 
results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage caused by errors 
or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company 
and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other investigations as they deem necessary 
