™ 
ORE TO METAL 
Certified 
iR 2024 
- wAR 2025 
SMEL/SE/2026-27/20 
May 16, 2026 
ol 
The Manager - Listing Department 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Listing Department, BSE Limited | Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra 
Maharashtra, India 
(East), Mumbai 400 051, Maharashtra, 
Scrip Code: 543299 
India 
Symbol: SHYAMMETL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
i 
Il 
i 
Standal 
li 
inancial 
R 
Four 
| 
Financial Year Ended 31st March, 2026 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 
2015, we forward herewith the transcript of the conference call with investors and 
analysts held on Tuesday, 12" May, 2026 for the Audited (Standalone and 
Consolidated) financial result of the company for the fourth quarter and financial 
year ended 31st March, 2026. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
OUR BRANDS 
SiTicer Siticer SiTicER ﬁTlGEB SiTicER 
o1 
STAINLESS STEEL ROOFING SHEETS STRUCTURAL STEEL 
ALUMINIUM FOIL 
SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY LIMITED 
fiegd. Office: P-19, (Plate No.: D-403), Taratala Road, CPT Colony, Kolkata, West Bengal - 700088 
€in:L40101WB2002PLC095491 G5 7iv: 19AAHCS5842A1ZE 
7:491 33 6521 6521 £mail: contact@shyamgroup.com veb: www.shyammetalics.com follow us one - @3 @ @ 
| Power Fero oy Pl igon s Sponge o W ot Wi THT & Sl Ak ol ook Froducs Sl 017 

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
  
“Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2026 
  
  
   
   
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BRIJ BHUSHAN AGARWAL – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SHYAM METALICS AND 
ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – SHYAM METALICS AND 
ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. PANKAJ HARLALKA – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – SHYAM METALICS AND ENERGY 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMEET KHAITAN – MUFG INTIME, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Shyam Metalics and 
Energy Limited, hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pankaj Harlalka from Shyam Metalics. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Pankaj Harlalka: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I, Pankaj Harlalka, Head of Investor Relations 
at Shyam Metalics, welcome you all to the earnings conference call to discuss Q4 and full year 
FY26 results. I hope you all had an opportunity to review our press release and the investor 
presentation read along with the Safe Harbor statement, which are available under the Investors 
section of our website and the same are accessible on the BSE and NSE websites. 
 
To discuss the results today, I'm joined by Mr. Brij Bhushan Agarwal, Chairman and Managing 
Director; Mr. Deepak Agarwal, Director of Finance and CFO; and Mr. Sumeet Khaitan from 
MUFG Intime, our Investor Relations partner.  
                                                Now I would like to invite Brij Bhushanji to provide his perspective on the performance of the 
fourth quarter and FY26. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you, Pankaj. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Shyam Metalics and Energy Q4 
FY26 earnings conference call. I will begin with a brief overview of the industry landscape and 
operating environment, both of which continue to evolve amid global and domestic 
development.  
Globally, the steel industry has remained influenced by trade-related actions across key markets, 
while the ongoing Middle East conflict has moderated demand in certain regions. These factors 
have contributed to a redirection of steel flow into the alternate market, resulting in the price 
pressure across geographic and heightened volatility in global steel prices. 
 
Turning to India. The global steel demand environment remained robust and encouraging. 
Demand continues to support by broad-based strength across major steel consuming sector, 
including infrastructure-led construction activity, manufacturing activity, urbanization with 
spending on huge infra projects such as road, railways, power.  
Now coming to Shyam Metalics, FY26 has been a very significant year for us, marked by a 
strong project execution, strategic expansion, operational stabilization. During the year, we 
achieved meaningful milestones across our manufacturing facility with key highlights, including 
the completion of CRM complex at Jamuria and the successful commissioning of the blast 
furnace at our Kharagpur plant. 
 
For FY26, our sales volume stood at 4.94 million tonnes, reflecting a strong year-on-year growth 
of 26%. In Q4 '26, sales volume registered a growth of 22% over the smart period of last year. 
Importantly, we maintained sales mix across product categories, while continuing to optimize 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
realization through a sharper focus on the higher value-added product. The strong volume 
expansion translated into healthy growth in both revenue and profitability. For the full year 
FY26, the revenue grew by 22%, while the profitability increased by 17%. 
 
For Q4 '26, revenue rose by 27% year-on-year, while profitability growing about 42%. This 
performance under planned by our integrated operation, diversified portfolio, sustained 
operational discipline, continuous focused on cost efficiency.  
                                                 We also made substantial progress on strategic growth initiatives during the quarter. Phase 2 
operation of the CRM complex at Jamuria was successfully commissioned.  
In addition, we expanded our aluminum operation at Pakuria through the commissioning of 
downstream heat treatment process. This development has significantly and meaningfully 
enhanced our value addition in the downstream capability and further strengthening our 
integrated manufacturing platform and supporting a long-term growth aspiration. 
 
Reaffirming our commitment to a long-term growth, the Board has additionally decided for a 
new capex investment of INR2,700 crores. This strategic investment is aimed at a deepen our 
presence into the value-added and specialty steel segment, downstream stainless steel capability 
and accelerating with -- the transition towards a higher value-added product with better margins.  
The proposed capex will be primarily funded through internal accruals, reflecting our discipline 
and capital-efficient approach towards value expansion. This investment remains fully aligned 
with our broader strategy of driving profitable growth through premiumization, downstream 
integration and prudent capital allocation. 
 
We welcome the changing democratic and policy environment in the state of West Bengal and 
remain extremely optimistic about the state's next phase of industrialization and growth. As a 
company with deep roots in the state of West Bengal, we expect a more growth-oriented 
ecosystem to support faster development in the forms of infrastructure, creating new investment 
inflow and will add more value to the organization.  
With our continued expansion across various metals in specialty alloys, stainless steel, 
aluminum, railway infrastructure, value-added products, we believe both the state and the 
company are well positioned for a stronger long-term commitment. 
 
In closing, we remain firmly focused on the substantial growth, improving profitability, creating 
long-term value for our shareholders. We sincerely thank you for your continued support, trust 
and we look forward to engaging with you in the quarters ahead.  
With this, now I conclude my speech, and I would request our CFO, Mr. Deepak Agarwal to 
take up to the financial performance. Thank you. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for Shyam Metalics 
and Energy Limited earnings call for the fourth quarter and full year ended 31st March 2026. I 
am Deepak Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer of the company, and I'm delighted to present our 
financial results on behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire Shyam Metalics family. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
I will take you through our key financial highlights for the fourth quarter and the full year that 
is '25-'26, followed by a discussion on our capital allocation strategy, balance sheet strength and 
the strategic investments we are making for our next phase of growth. 
 
Our Chairman and Managing Director, Shri Brij Bhushan Agarwalji, has already shared his 
vision. I will now add the financial dimension to that story. First, we will discuss about the 
quarter 4 of the current -- last financial year. Ladies and gentlemen, I am proud to report that the 
quarter 4 of the last financial year has been one of our strongest quarter on record across every 
critical financial metrics.  
Let me walk you through the highlights. The revenue from operations INR5,240 crores, 27% 
growth year-on-year and 19% growth on quarter-on-quarter. When we talk about the EBITDA, 
the company has achieved INR756 crores, there is a growth of 33% on a year-on-year basis and 
there is a growth of 40% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. When we talk about the EBITDA margin, 
14.4%, expanded from 13.8% from the quarter 4 of the last financial year and 12.2% in quarter 
3 of the last financial year. 
 
When we talk about the operating EBITDA, the company has achieved INR727 crores, a growth 
of 41% on a year-on-year basis and 49% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. As you are all aware that 
there is substantial is -- treasury is there. Therefore, our total EBITDA is INR756 crores. The 
operating EBITDA margin is 13.9% versus 12.4% in quarter 4 of the last financial year. When 
we talk about the profit after tax, INR312 crores, 42%** growth on a year-on-year basis and 
58% growth on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
The PAT margin is 6% against 5.3% in quarter 4 of the last financial year. What makes this 
number particularly gratifying is not just the magnitude of the growth, but the quality of it. Our 
margin expansion has been achieved through disciplined cost management, improvement in 
realization across most product categories and a favorable shift in our product mix towards 
higher value-add segments. 
 
Now I will discuss the full year performance that is '25-'26. Therefore, the annual turnover for 
the whole year is INR18,552 crores, that is 22% growth on a year-on-year basis. Full year 
EBITDA is INR2,537 crores, that is a growth of 21%. Full year EBITDA margin is 13.7% 
against 13.8% in the financial year '25, resulting amidst slight input cost pressure. Full year 
operating margin is INR2,333 crores, which is 25% on a year-on-year basis. The full year 
operating EBITDA margin is 12.6% against 12.3% in the last financial year.  
The full year PAT is INR1,061 crores, 17% growth on a year-on-year basis. The full year basic 
EPS is INR38.1 per share against the INR32.7 per share last financial year. Crossing the 
INR8,000 crores of revenue threshold and delivering over INR1,000 crores of PAT for the full 
financial year underscore the scale and earning power that Shyam Metalics has built over recent 
years. This is a business firing on all cylinders. 
 
Now we will discuss about the volume growth and per tonne realization. The revenue growth is 
always most meaningful when it is accompanied by a genuine volume expansion, and that is 
precisely the story here. Overall, the volume grew by 22% on a year-on-year basis and quarter  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
                                             4 '26, validating both our capacity expansion investments and our strengthened market positioning. 
 
Let me highlight some of the most significant volume growth, volume achieved during the 
quarter 4 of the current financial year. The CR coil volume surged by approximately 200% on a 
year-on-year basis, reaching 50,344 tonnes, a testament to the ramp-up of our CRM complex at 
Jamuria.  
The pig iron volume grew by 200% on a year-on basis that is 2,03,499 tonnes, reflecting the 
strongest domestic demand and our expanded product capabilities. Iron pellet volume grew by 
40% on a year-end basis that is 2,78,341 tonnes, driven by operational efficiency and improved 
realization. 
 
The stainless steel volume grew by 13% year-on-year basis to 27,287 tonnes, continuing our 
premiumization journey. On per tonne realizations, we saw healthy improvement across most 
product lines. Aluminum realization improved by 16% year-on-year basis, that is INR4,07,461 
per tonne.  
Stainless steel realizations improved nearly 17% year-on basis. CR coil, CR sheet realizations 
rose approximately 15% on a year-on basis, that is INR78,513 per tonne. This improvement 
reflects both firm underlying demand and our deliberate push towards value-added and specialty 
product with a superior margin profile. 
 
Let me now walk through some key observations on our consolidated profit and loss account. 
First, revenue mix. Our steel products segment continued to anchor the business, contributing 
approximately 75% of our total revenue mix in both quarter 4 and the full financial year. Within 
this, carbon steel remains our single largest contributor at approximately 39% of revenue, 
followed by pig iron, iron pellet, specialty alloy and stainless steel.  
The growing contribution of CR sheet, stainless, aluminium is deliberately strategic shift, one 
that is enhancing our blended margin profile. As far as cash generation, I'm particularly pleased 
to report that our business continued to be a robust cash generation.  
The net cash generated from operating activity for the financial year '25-'26 is approximately 
INR2,000 crores on a consolidated basis, an improvement over the prior year, reflecting the 
strong earnings working capital discipline. This cash generation capacity is what gives us the 
confidence to commit our next phase of capital investment. 
 
The Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and 
healthy return profile in the financial year '25-'26 despite being a peak capex cycle. The company 
reported ROCE is 16% and ROE is 13% in the financial year '25-'26, reflecting a disciplined 
capital allocation, operational efficiency, prudent leverage management that resulted into 
reflection of our working capital days from 22 days to 9 days.  
Our financial architecture is designed to support growth without compromising financial 
resilience. We run a fundamental conservative balance sheet, low leverage, strong operating cash 
flow and adequate liquidity buffer. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
Now we move into the dividends. As you're all aware that the Board of Directors has 
recommended a final dividend of INR2.7 per equity share, representing a 27% of the face value 
of INR10 each for the financial year '25-'26. This recommendation is subject to the approval of 
shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.  
This dividend declaration reflects our confidence in the company's financial health and our 
commitment to consistent reward our shareholders while simultaneously investing in long-term 
growth. We believe we strike the right balance between capital return and value creation. 
 
Now moving to the strategic capex. Now let me speak about the first, the most exciting 
announcement in our results. The Board has approved a  fresh capex is INR2,700 crores for our 
next phase of growth. This investment comprising 2 major projects. One is the long and specialty 
wire/bar mill. We will be setting up a long specialty wire mill with a furnace at Kharagpur with 
a capacity of 8 lakh tonnes at an estimated capital outlay of INR900 crores. This project is 
targeting to commission by 31st March 2029. 
 
Second one is the stainless steel expansion and downstream facility at Sambalpur. We're 
expanding our stainless steel capacity to 6 million tonnes at Sambalpur complemented by world-
class downstream capability, including cold rolling mill, precision cold rolling mill, hot rolling 
handling and pickling line and a bright annealing line.  
This estimated investment is INR1,800 crores with a targeting commissioning date is March 
2029. This project will be funded majorly from our internal accrual and which is also a mix of -
- if any debt is required, then we can take -- otherwise, it will be served through our internal 
accrual. 
 
Given our strong operating cash flow generation, demonstrated by over INR2,000 crores in 
operating cash flow in the financial year '25, '26 alone, we are well positioned to fund this capex 
program while maintaining balance sheet discipline. The evolving democratic and economic 
environment in West Bengal present a positive outlook for industrial growth and a long-term 
development.  
As a company with a significant manufacturing presence in the state, Shyam Metalics remains 
encouraged by the potential for stronger infrastructure creation, higher investments, improved 
industrial activity and employment generation. We believe this environment can further support 
the company's ongoing expansion plan, downstream integration initiatives and value-added 
product strategy while also contributing meaningfully to the broader economic progress of the 
state.  
We now look forward to taking your question and answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. A couple of questions from my side. The first one is 
on the volume growth. So last year, volume growth was quite splendid, particularly of value-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
added products driven by CR coil. Now this year, what are the key elements of volume growth? 
Also, if you could highlight the major capacities that would get commissioned in the course of 
the year, that would be great? That is my first question. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, first of all, as in volume growth, we are expecting 0.5 million tonne of iron making facility 
from the DRI side is going to be commissioned this year, which will also have an effect on the 
power generation, waste heat recovery, and we expect the power generation will also go up.  
From the steel side, there will be a substantial growth in the billet manufacturing facilities, what 
we have commissioned now. You'll see a growth in the billet as well. And there will be a partial 
growth in our final product like structured TMT with the upgradation and some more feeding of 
raw material into the steel segment. 
 
In CRM complex, since we are going to commission the Galvalume line within this month end 
or maybe early next month, so we'll see there will be a substantial volume growth in the flat 
product in the Galvalume as well as in the color coated. We expect that color coated is going to 
be having almost the double volume what we saw in this year -- last year.  
Apart from that, there will be a substantial value we will see from the cost side also because 
there will be a lot of new power plants coming up, which is going to be commissioned as well. 
So whatever little power we are buying from the grid will see there will be an effect -- positive 
effect on the cost side of the power.  
I think majorly apart from this, aluminum plant also will be commissioned this year. We have 
set up a new caster with foil stock and foil plant. So we'll see this year, the plant will get 
commissioned and slowly, slowly, it will be stabilized. So there will be a lot of action this year. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great, sir. Wonderful. That's very well explained. The second question I had was on actually 
aluminum. Now we have seen aluminum prices remaining very robust worldwide. For us, since 
we are actually converters, so how do you see margins? Is it like a pass-through for us or we get 
some incrementally higher margins on the elevated aluminum price? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I think we should see as a pass-through, maybe because of a little bit more advantage we get 
because the working capital involvement and the kind of integration, what we are doing from 
the backward to the forward, we'll see a lot of value coming up, because we'll be -- now we are 
buying the foil stock. Once we make our own foil stock, we'll see the margin also increasing.  
But related to your aluminum price, we should not be very much worried. Whether we are going 
with a backward integration where we will have a better margins and also with the prices of the 
aluminum is concerned, it is going to be almost passed through. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. Great to know. Just one last question, if I may. I just wanted to get an idea on the capex 
for this year and next one, if you can? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
So we have declared a capex like in Ramsarup, we commissioned the blast furnace. Now we are 
planning to set up a SMS shop and the steel plant, which is going to be a little less than 1 million 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
tonnes to be more prescribed 800,000 tonnes. The plant is expected to be commissioned by end 
of next year. And this will have a substantial capex setting up the plant.  
But since it is now a brownfield project, and we will be very efficiently, we'll be able to do this 
capex, like we have announced INR2,700 crores capex in the stainless steel downstream activity 
as well. There we are seeing comprising of Ramsarup and stainless steel and all. So all this capex 
is going to be spread in next  2-2.5years.  
So -- apart from that, we are setting up a flat product HR plant. Generally, to set up a 2 million 
tonne of HR plant, it generally costs close to INR16,000 crores to INR18,000 crores. But in our 
case, only from the HR side, we are almost 1/3 capex, what we have declared because we have 
all the brownfield facilities. 
 
And we have all forward and backward integration is already integrated. So there's nothing to 
worry. We have a substantial treasury. We are doing a good EBITDA. And year-wise year, you 
are seeing that there has been a substantial increase on the numbers and also as on this, it's 
looking very comfortable.  
In case we find there is some kind of a shortfall and all so we are almost a debt-free company. 
So buying some kind of a short-term debt is not going to be an issue. But as on date, I don't see 
that will be a problem till we take some more projects ahead. Thank you. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great. In addition to that… 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, I think he was having one more question. Please carry on. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, the one more question I had was on the stainless steel. Now if I look at the EBITDA per 
tonne of stainless steel, I know it's not great to look at it from a quarter-to-quarter basis, but one 
of your peers had reported and their EBITDA per tonne actually grew quarter-on-quarter. Now 
in our case, we have seen a slight contraction in EBITDA per tonne.  
So just wanted to understand whether it is EBITDA per tonne contraction associated with some 
cost during the ramp-up phase or something? Or how do we see margins going ahead? Because 
stainless steel prices have risen and your -- one of your peers have given a very optimistic 
guidance for FY27? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
First of all, they are into the flat product, we are into a long product. And this is -- this was a 
very old plant, which was taken in the NC through NCLT a few years before. So we are here, 
we are almost making all the stainless steel from the scrap and right now, our new facility of 
stainless steel, which is coming up in our Odisha plant, we have a complete integration, like 80% 
of the raw material is what we are going to feed from our existing plant.  
And we are getting into a very higher value-added product. So we will have a blend of long 
product and flat product. But yes, in the time to come with our power cost of less than INR2 
where we are in Indore, we are paying more than INR6 or INR7. We are buying scrap. It's not 
that big mega size project and all, so definitely, it will have a very positive impactful differences 
when we commission our Odisha stainless steel plant. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shaleen Kumar from UBS India. Please go ahead. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Congratulations on a very good set of numbers to both Bhushanji and Deepakji. A bunch of 
questions. New capex, which you have announced on the asset side both. So what is the end 
industry are we targeting in both the cases? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Stainless steel basically -- yes, we are targeting the pipes and tube market, decorative market of 
pipes and tubes. There is a specialty pipe market also, which is for the precision pipe and all. 
Then there is some portion is on the decorative side of aluminum, stainless steel, what is used in 
the elevators and all these other decorative part. And apart from that, some of -- some special 
category will be catered to the utensil market also and some in the export defense side also. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, then the 2 question arises here. One, what kind of a profitability or return ratios 
on those capex you are seeing? It seems like these are value-added products. Second, these will 
be a little different from our current channel sales. Is that the right assumption? So how are you 
planning to do the sales here or how you want to target the customer side? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
This is a B2B market presently. All the tube manufacturers in country and outside the country. 
There's a big market for the stainless steel pipe. So we'll be serving -- serving to these kind of 
customers in the tube and pipe segment because we are not thinking to get into a stainless steel 
tube and pipe because it is a very small business and not a very scalable or a big volume where 
we need to interact ourselves.  
And apart from that, it's a very open market. India is growing, and there's a good demand. And 
we are seeing that more and more decorative and being one of a very cheap product, it's not very 
expensive on the decorative segment. And we are seeing in interiors and everywhere around, the 
stainless steel penetration is increasing. So we'll be able to build up more and more penetration 
in this category. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Any sense on what kind of EBITDA per tonne or return ratios you're looking for this 
kind of investments? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
EBITDA, generally, this is a very interesting business. So I would say, generally, it turn from 
around INR15,000 to INR20,000 a tonne. So but our overall calculation is in the range of 
INR12,000 to INR15,000. But it's fetching more in this segment because if you are making 
everything from the iron ore to the final steel, the EBITDA should be more than INR18,000. It's 
going to be interesting product.  
And apart from that, 80% of the ingredient you are using from your existing product, the steel, 
the specialty alloy, ferroalloy, power is yours. It's a brownfield. So it's nothing where you are 
building up a raw material inventory within your capital cycle. So the yield of the capital is going 
to be definitely better.  
And it's also going to create more sustainability with this kind of a business which we enter. And 
there's going to be a lot of potential in the near time to expand and to invest more precious money 
in the value-added and more sustainable business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Got it. Fair enough, sir. Bhushanji, one more thing. In this quarter, we can see there's a clear 
uptick in the realization for most of our segments. I just want to pick your view here because we 
have a lull for quite some time, there's a softness in the realization. So do you think this -- there 
is still room for this realization to move up from here for most of your products? You think they 
will be stable or you see that there's a risk for the -- given the global scenario... 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
There is no chance to go above from this level because now we are entering into a monsoon 
session. So -- and apart from that, I think the market is pretty good, like if you see we have -- 
the EBITDA is close to 14% on the overall. So I think it's a very decent might be 1% here or 
there, it doesn't matter. And for us, if you really ask me, market is in none of body's control. We 
are more focused on our efficiency and cost. 
 
But to be more optimistic and realistic, I would say the business will remain stronger because 
today, still, we are fenced by the geopolitical issue. There's a lot of restrictions on the logistics 
side, export market. There's a lot of spending is going to come globally. Like earlier, none of the 
countries use to spend on the development side and all with the new revolution and new age, 
what I see with this multiple war crisis and all.  
I see India is going to have a good say in the international participation. And the metal company 
in India will grow domestically with the internal demand and also will have an edge and the 
opportunity to participate internationally also in a very big way. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Fair enough, sir. Definitely. And I think there's a change in political atmosphere in West Bengal 
as well. I hope that also favors us. One more bit, sir. Like if I look at the quarter EBITDA, it's 
very good. And if I annualize it, we will be -- it's like we are crossing more than INR2,800 
crores. So how should we think about it? So one leg is this where we have already achieved this 
number.  
And then there are incremental things which are happening. For example, when I look -- I was 
looking at your presentation, the second phase of CRM has only started in April. So I think it 
was not a contributor, if my assumption is right, it was not a contributor in the fourth quarter. So 
the benefit should come in FY27.  
Then again, as per your presentation, you should be finishing your phase 2 of aluminum, right, 
within FY27. So some benefit of that should come. So then if I put all these things together, can 
we look or expect EBITDA of more than INR3,000 crores for FY27? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Shaleen, when I told you last time I remember, I was always speaking close to INR1,800 crores 
to INR2,000 crores EBITDA for this year. You remember all my -- and fortunately, we landed 
into '24, '25, including other income. And on this realistic term, it was the operation was close 
to INR2,300 crores plus, correct? 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Yes. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I would be a little bit more conservative. Like I don't want to say because for us, I've been always 
very, very conservative and prudent on my say on my project and on my targets and all... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Shaleen Kumar: 
But sir, what's wrong in my assumption here, if I simply say that I understand your...? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No, you'll be -- you're not wrong. You're not wrong, but maybe nearby, maybe plus or maybe 
5% here and there, I expect. You're not wrong. You're right. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Any sense if we can get from you or Deepakji, if not now even later is helpful, what kind of 
EBITDA contribution you're expecting from the CRM and aluminum plant in FY27 that can 
help us like have some set of contribution from them. Is it possible to share? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I think the CRM EBITDA is going to be close to INR10,000 to INR11,000 per tonne this year 
from the -- and the aluminum EBITDA, I think, should remain between INR35,000 to 
INR40,000, because this year -- please. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Yes, the timeline of aluminum because it's still in the commission. So can we expect it to happen 
in first half of FY27? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
First half, we will be starting commissioning and all. So we'll start seeing the effect in the second 
half, more better and from -- because all these high-tech plant, it takes time. And it's a greenfield 
for the new foil plant and all that stuff. So this will take time. But yes, definitely, it will have 
more and more positive impact time to time with the quarter-to-quarter. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Just last bit, and then I'll join back the queue. On the battery foil, so we -- our product is qualified 
with the customers? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, yes, it will be. We are all done. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
Not sure if you would like to, but would you like to share the name of the customers who are 
likely...? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We have done this. There is a nondisclosure agreement because -- but still, we have been 
qualified long back once we see a battery line coming up middle of this year and all. So we will 
be penetrating in the battery foil. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
And there will be more than one customer. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Sorry? 
Shaleen Kumar: 
There will be more than 1 customer? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
2 to 3 customers are there. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
2 to 3 customers. Okay. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Shaleenji, in addition to this, as far as future guidance for EBITDA, the sir is always been a very, 
very conservative. But if you see in our financials with the commissioning of aluminum, with 
the commissioning of CRM, with the commissioning of 0.5 million tonne of sponge iron and the 
commissioning of blast furnace as well in the last financial year.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
The full year impact will come up in this financial year. So definitely, we will be achieved 
whatever we have achieved in the last financial year. But sir will always say on a very 
conservative side because he always believe only in the committing less, delivering more 
following only this policy. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I think this year, we will be very comfortable with our growth close to 30% over this year. Over 
the last year, we were very comfortable, yes. 
Shaleen Kumar: 
I can -- like if all your projects execute and if the realization doesn't really hurt, then I don't think 
so any reason that why we should not have a 30% kind of profit growth -- operating profit 
growth. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Yes. Shyam Metalics will always believe on the volume growth. Shyam Metalics will never 
depend on the realization side. If you look into our last 4 quarter financials, you will find we will 
be always giving the sustainable EBITDA or sustainable volume growth is there over a period 
of time. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Sir, many congratulations again for a good set of numbers and delighted to hear about your 
midterm growth plans. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you, Ashish. I hope we are keeping you happy with all your questions. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Yes sir, so far it's going good. Sir, I have 2 questions. In fact, if I look at our inventory as well 
as payable days, that has increased significantly in this quarter or maybe in this year. So is there 
any change in the strategy? I understand that maybe we may have booked some higher iron ore 
or coal in order to take advantage of lower prices earlier, which could have increased our 
inventory days. Is it so? And what about the payable days, why it has increased? So any change 
in the business strategy on that front? That's my first question. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
I can take this question. As far as sharply increasing the inventory only because of if you look 
into the last year financials, there were no commissioning of blast furnace, there were no 
commissioning of CRM. The one factor is we are positioning the raw material of CRM as well 
as the blast furnace, cooking coals and something.  
And in addition to this, also we are taking the positioning of iron ore, iron making raw materials. 
That is -- if you look into our financials also, our inventory level in the last quarter was 99 days. 
Now we are taking the positioning of 123 days of inventory days. This is the only reason for 
increasing our inventory. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. So we have taken higher than what is warranted as of now, and it will be liquidated in 
first or second quarter. Am I right, sir? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Correct. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. And what about payable days, sir? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Payable days is approximately is like 130 days, 130 days. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Yes. So it has increased significantly from our normal scenario. So is this a one-off type or... 
Deepak Agarwal: 
No, this is not a one-off. We have credential -- our credential is there. So whatever we are 
procuring most of the raw materials are on a credit basis. If you look into our cash conversion 
ratio is very, very good. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. So that's great, actually. It's more of a working capital financing and if we are effectively 
doing it, nothing. So this is not a one-off, it can sustain for longer? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Correct. Correct. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay. Great. Second question is, sir, in terms of cost of -- or cost of steel making in fourth 
quarter, what kind of cost increase we have witnessed? Because if I look at the price hike and 
EBITDA per tonne, it's almost half, like steel EBITDA per tonne increased by roughly around 
INR2,600 per tonne and price increase is something like INR5,100. So what kind of price 
increase we have witnessed in fourth quarter, which led to lower EBITDA per tonne compared 
to the price hikes? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I'm not clear, Ashish. Can you just repeat once again? 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So sir, if I'm comparing fourth quarter EBITDA per tonne of steel versus third quarter, we are 
seeing that EBITDA per tonne increased by roughly around INR2,600, whereas the price 
increase in the carbon steel is around INR5,100. So roughly around INR2,500 cost increase 
could be there. I was just trying to get a sense of where this cost increase we have witnessed 
whether it's... 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We will not be very appropriate in answering your question. But overall, I can say because when 
you are into such a big ecosystem, you have your bookings. You have your pre-advanced 
booking for more than 2 months, 3 months in the system. And there are some deliveries which 
has to happen. So there must be a lot of old carryover of a lesser price, which may be affecting 
an average outing and -- but maybe one of the reasons. And there cannot be any other reason 
because whatever the market is, it is a very open price.  
If the EBITDA per tonne is to be the price which has gone up by some cost effect must be there 
because of cost is increasing because of the vessel freights and all your import prices, your 
limestone and everything is going up. So there must be some kind of a cost pressure also, which 
maybe also have some kind of a substantial pressure. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
No, this is basically the restatement of imports, the fluctuation loss, the dollar weakness, rupee 
weakness, that will be the impact on the cost side also. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Is it possible to quantify that, sir? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Deepak Agarwal: 
That we can  share you. It will be... 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
I can talk to you later on, sir, on this one. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So first, just a follow-up to Amit's question earlier. What -- you put together different moving 
parts in terms of capex. But what exactly -- can you guide to what kind of capex can we look at 
in FY27 specifically? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Deepak, will you answer? 
Deepak Agarwal: 
 yes. As far as commissioning of capex in this financial year, our share is already shared the 0.5 
million tonne of sponge iron -- we will be commissioning... 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No, no, they're talking about the value capex, not the -- how much money we are... 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Not the capitalization, not the... 
Deepak Agarwal: 
No, as far as the total capex is required to be incurred is around INR10,000 crores. And this 
financial year, we will be incurring around INR2,900 crores from this financial year and 
INR3,000 crores in the next financial year and balance will be the next 2 financial years. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. On that, sir, just generally, wanted to understand the thought process last few years, the 
intent was to remain net cash. As depending on different moving parts for earnings, there may 
be a requirement to take on short-term debt, as you mentioned. Is the company now more 
comfortable with debt with this size? What's the thought process on capital structure as you look 
at all these capex? Just wanted to understand the thought process. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No, very comfortable. We have been very, very mature in last 25 years. All these things, we 
have been handling very prudent. So all these capex, what we plan is seeing our cash flow, the 
net cash because we don't have any kind of a major debt. There's no interest. So whatever net 
cash, if you see last year on this, we must have made close to around INR1,800 crores, INR1,900 
crores net cash in the company because there's hardly any interest cost.  
And I think it's more than INR2,000 crores. So this year also, we expect that we will have a 
substantial cash. And when you do a capex, you have long-term plans. When you buy machines 
and all, you get a lot of time credits and all. So I think we are very comfortable as of now, nothing 
to worry. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
And as far as in addition to that -- in addition to this also, I would like to add one more thing. As 
far as debt is concerned, in our system, we have a debt policy in the system is also there. Our 
debt will not cross at any point 0.5x to the total equity in any point of circumstances. So we will 
follow this debt policy. And if you look into our financials, our cash generation over a period of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
time will come up around INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores, and we can easily meet whatever 
be our capex program overall in the next 3 to 4 years. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Secondly, on West Bengal. So you mentioned there is optimism around improvement in 
infrastructure and all. Just on your Jamuria location after the HSM, the new capex that you built, 
what kind of optionality is there just in terms of land package between Jamuria, Sambalpur -- 
and my understanding was that after this capex, the land availability might be somewhat limited, 
but correct me if I'm wrong, and what are the plans for expansion in West Bengal capitalized in 
case you're looking at that optimism and activity there? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Satyadeep, for next 3, 4 years, we don't have to worry. And we are also in the process of 
procuring more land adjoining our plant because I don't see any problem as on date. And for 
next -- we have a clear window for next 3, 4 years, like there is no issue of any land. And some 
parcels and all, we are already in the process of acquiring. And it looks everything good, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mr. Vikas Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Singh: 
Sir, my one question only on the stainless steel capex. Given the current circumstances when the 
government duty protection is more towards the steel, expanding into the stainless steel where 
usually the quality control orders had not been there. Just wanted to understand why we have 
been putting still emphasis on the stainless steel could have been delayed or the ROE or ROCE 
of stainless steel versus steel, how is it sitting right now? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See the carbon steel prices is close to $800, as we talk. And the stainless steel prices are close to 
on an average, $120, $130. I mean to say $1,200, $1,300. So in our case, more than 80% raw 
material for making stainless steel is downstream. So we are doing a carbon steel development 
also. We are putting up an HR coil plant.  
And we are also developing in the stainless steel market because the EBITDA in the stainless 
steel is better than the carbon steel because it is more niche, it is more expensive. And also, we 
have an advantage that we are doing a forward integration, and it also help us to -- for a proper 
capital utilization because the working capital load is very less. 
 
For a general people, if they want to stainless steel, they have to buy scrap, they have to put an 
inventory of 3, 4 months and a lot of issues are there. But in our case, we have an advantage. 
And we are also developing into a new metal where we see that in the time to come, we should 
be able to position more stronger. We started with a small acquisition in the stainless steel.  
Right now, we are doing a run rate of around INR130 crores, INR140 crores every month in last 
2, 2.5 years. Now we are thinking of doing a run rate of close to INR300 crores in next 3 years, 
every month. So the business is different. But we have a lot of advantage. We have our own 
power, we have our own alloy.  
And what we are doing, we are just doing a value addition. For me, it is a new business also, and 
we are doing a value addition in our existing business also. Strategically, we are very different 
as a stand-alone industry or our integration, if you see in the stainless steel business. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Vikash Singh: 
So in terms of ROCEs or return ratios, at current price point, how both steel and stainless steel 
stack up for you? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Very difficult question. At what hour you are asking me this question, the hour changes. But 
anyway, this is always a better. It is always a better. I would say, in comparison with the capital, 
it will have an edge of around more than 20%, 30% over the carbon steel always because it is a 
limited addition, the challenges are more and it is a niche market. It is not a commodity product. 
It is a niche product. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mr. Rajesh Majumdar from 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Sir, just one question from my side. What is the status of the ED case on the coal, which you 
mentioned in the note because this is dated 15th April, so we are in almost mid-May now? Has 
it been resolved? Or is there any other thing on this matter? And now... 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
There is absolutely not to worry because there's nothing -- they have given some letter. We are 
replying. And it's nothing to be worried of because there's nothing which is of an evidence or 
something on the statement, they have given a notice. And that statement will not stand because 
it has been applied to almost major steel industry in the city. We are one of them, being one of 
the popular steel industry, so we are on the highlight, but we don't have to worry. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And just a follow-up with the political change now established, this will be... 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I can't answer all these -- your question. You should meet me separately and take the answers. 
It's not good. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Tanuj Nangalia from SKP Securities Limited. Please go ahead. 
Tanuj Nangalia: 
Congratulations to the management on a strong set of numbers for FY26. So my first question 
is on the stainless side. So nickel is up nearly 20% since December on the Indonesia supply cuts. 
So do we see any challenges in the nickel sourcing going forward? And is the cost increase 
something we can fully pass through to the customers? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
See, nickel is always going to be a challenge. Nickel in the stainless steel is always going to be 
a challenge. It is not going to be an easy affair. But in our portfolio of our products, more than 
70% or close to 75%, our stainless is majorly without nickel. We are focusing on the grade, 
which has a minimalistic or no nickel. 20%, 25% to cater the complete basket, we have to have 
a nickel. 
We have to import the nickel from Indonesia. Also, we have to import the scrap, which has a 
high content of nickel. But yes, it is generally in most of the time, it is passed on. So whatever 
the nickel price goes up, the stainless steel price goes up. But there is always a carryover of your 
inventory plus and minus, which is a regular transitional process, which everybody has to abide. 
Tanuj Nangalia: 
Okay, sir. Got that. And sir, next question is on the aluminum business side. So is there any 
decrease in the export order booking due to the ongoing geopolitical conflict? And are we able 
to service...? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
We are oversold. We are not able to supply to the international market, touchwood. 
Tanuj Nangalia: 
Okay. And also with the rupee depreciating, do we see there is a margin tailwind given in the 
aluminum side, the export business? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
These are all temporary pass on. Everybody knows India is a dominating market. They have a 
special supplies and all. So whatever is there, it is all passed on plus or minus. So maybe 
periodically, 1 or 2 months, it matters. But the consumer, they take up the price, they take up the 
hit because once people have to use aluminum, there's no substitute. So it is like general other 
industries, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harish Subramanian from Unifi Capital Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Harish Subramanian: 
Just one question from my side on the Central Pollution Control Board, what came out in terms 
of the observations? So can you explain what was the non-compliance? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
No, no, there was some kind of error, which was identified by the Board inspection, which was 
resumed in 4, 5 days, and we have taken all the action. And in the time to come, we will take it 
more seriously and see how best we can deliver. Yes. 
Harish Subramanian: 
Sure. Within this 3 months' time period, do you believe you will be able to fully address and 
compliance -- and comply with the observations were given? 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. Not a problem. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Preet Jain from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Preet Jain: 
Sir, my question is been covered. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
I have my flight to catch. Can we...? 
Moderator: 
This was the last question, sir. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Brij Bhushan Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 Deepak Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
