 
 
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
To 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Symbol: SHADOWFAX 
 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001  
BSE Scrip Code: 544685 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q4 FY26 held on May 14, 2026 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the Company’s Earnings Conference call for 
Q4 FY26, held on May 14, 2026.  
 
The above information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.shadowfax.in/investor-relations  
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
For Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
_________________________________ 
Name: Krishnakanth Venkata Gangavarapu 
Designation: Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. A17291 
 
 
~
SHADOWFAX 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
(formerly known as Shadowfax Technologies Private Limited) 
CIN - U72300KA2015PLC150324 
Regd. Off: 3rd Floor, Shilpitha Tech Park, Sy No. 5S/3 & 55/4, Outer Ring Road, Devarabisanahalli Village, 
Bellandu r, Varthur Hobli, Bangalore -560103, Karnataka, India 
Website: www.shadowfax.in/ Tel: 080-64525653/ Email: cs@shadowfax.in 
Think ahead! 
KRISHNAKANTH 
VENKATA 
GANGAVARAPU
Digitally signed by 
KRISHNAKANTH VENKATA 
GANGAVARAPU 
Date: 2026.05.20 13:29:28 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
“Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SHADOWFAX 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAVEEN KUMAR KJ – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SHADOWFAX TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN DIXIT – CORPORATE STRATEGY AND 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – SHADOWFAX 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
~
SHADOWFAX 
Think ahead! 
SHADOW FAX 
C 
f'I 
O 
fl 
L 
L" 
Th/nit a,_,d, 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shadowfax Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bansal, 
MD and CEO, Shadowfax. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Hi everyone, good evening. My name is Abhishek Bansal. 
I'm the Co-Founder and CEO of Shadowfax. Today, welcoming all of you for 
the fourth quarter FY26 earnings presentation. Along with Praveen, our CFO, 
we also have on the call today Sachin Dixit, who has recently joined us to Lead 
Corporate Development and Investor Relations.  
Many of you might already know Sachin. He spent several years covering 
internet at JM Financial and he brings deep familiarity with our business and 
the industry. Over the next 20, 25 minutes, I'm going to take you through an 
overview of the business. Broadly, my address is going to cover three specific 
sections.  
What has happened in the last year, where do we see ourselves in FY27 and 
what is our view for the long term. Starting off on what has happened in the 
last year. This is only our second quarterly reporting as a listed company, and 
the message is clear. We enter FY27 with a phenomenal tailwind speed, 
larger than ever scale and an unprecedented conviction.  
Q4 was a phenomenal quarter for us, showing not only record growth, but 
also record profitability compared to anyone in the industry, be it our peers 
or our competitors. For the full year, we delivered 72 crores plus customer 
orders, recorded a revenue of INR 4,200 crores plus, which is a 69% year-on-
year growth for the full year.  
Adjusted EBITDA for us has been close to INR 159 crores, which is almost 
three times of what we delivered in FY25. PAT for the full year has been INR 
112 crores compared to just INR6 crores last year. This is the first time as a 
business we have recorded INR 100+ crores of PAT for the full financial year, 
and we are very proud of the fundamental design of the business we are 
building. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
In Q4 alone, we have delivered about 22 crores plus orders, generating close 
to INR 1,237 crores in absolute revenue. This is about 74% year-on-year growth 
and 6.7% sequentially over Q3. If you remember our last earnings call, we had 
indicated that Q4 will be slightly softer than Q3 because that's how the 
historic festive pattern has been.  
We are seeing for the first time in the industry that our Q4 has even beaten 
the festive quarter. Moreover, this growth has come in through margin 
expansion. Adjusted EBITDA was INR 58 crores, which is about 4.7% margin 
for the quarter compared to about 4.3% in Q3 and merely 0.7% last year.  
PAT has grown to INR 56 crores, which comes at a record margin of 4.5% for 
the entire consolidated business. It has been our most profitable quarter 
ever. Now, an important point to note is that while we are growing fast and 
while we are reporting this record profitability, as a business we are not 
compromising on the future growth opportunity.  
If you look at our earnings presentation, you will find between September 
end and March end, our real estate space has gone up by 35%. At Shadowfax, 
we take real estate in our last mile centers and middle mile sortation centers 
largely on a leasing basis. That real estate has gone up by 35%.  
For the full year, we have spent about 4.5% of our revenues as capex. We 
believe the operating leverage is yet to come and this is again reflective of 
the investments we are making in the organization. We believe Shadowfax, 
through our unique investment strategy, will continue outpacing industry 
growth, continue improving on profitability, and this positions us as a unique 
asset in the industry. 
 
Now, deep diving a bit, we'll quickly talk about the three segments of 
business that we operate. The first segment, the core backbone of our 
business, express parcel, is now about 75% of our revenue. We have 
continued to gain market share through new client wins, deeper 
engagement with our existing customers, and by improving service quality. 
Shadowfax stands for building unique value-added services — same-day 
delivery, next-day delivery, reverse logistics. 
These differentiated services continue to position us differently in the market. 
We believe over the next 8 to 12 quarters, we will continue gaining market 
share and as we see consolidation happening in our space where the weaker 
players continue to lose market share every quarter, we believe we are set on 
a very unique path, and we will continue outpacing the industry growth in 
express parcel. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
Hyperlocal, our second business line, is where we have demonstrated market 
leadership. Hyperlocal has grown more than 50% year-on-year, grown 16% 
sequentially. Quick commerce volumes have meaningfully picked up in 
quarter four. One important announcement — we have commenced 
operations with Amazon Now on their quick commerce business. This is an 
important milestone for the company and we expect significant wallet share 
gains as they expand. 
 
The third line of service is other logistics services, which contributed about 
INR 80 crores out of the INR 1200-plus crores of the business. As discussed 
last quarter, we are deliberately reshaping this segment towards higher 
value critical logistics and winding down some of the experiments we were 
running. As of Q4 FY26, the wind down is largely over. 
 
Now, between all these three segments, there is one underlying thesis that I 
have spoken about - what is also happening is we are continuously doing real 
estate and geographical expansion. Between September end and now, our 
number of touch points have gone up from 4,200 to 4,700 in a matter of six 
months. 
There is rapid and fierce expansion at a geographical level that we are doing. 
We are opening about 120 to 150 pin codes  every month. This is real 
investment and the return is expected in due time. Newer touch points mean 
relatively underutilized trucks, underutilized routes. While we are expanding, 
we continue to stay extremely bullish around the underlying macro which 
we are serving in this country today. I think that's broadly around the 
business that has just happened and what kind of investments and returns 
we have seen. 
 
Shifting gears and talking about what we foresee for FY27. Now, FY27, we 
have all entered in a very tumultuous geopolitical environment. But what has 
surprised us in India is the core consumption story which remains stronger 
than ever. In Q4 alone, we saw growth probably in every segment. Now we 
have sequentially grown from Q3 to Q4. There is not one client or one 
element of the business which hasn’t grown.  
We have seen our growth coming equally across the board, be it direct to 
consumers, be it our large enterprises, be it our quick commerce division. We 
believe every digital platform will probably be recording their best quarter 
ever thanks to the underlying growth in our economy and the growth in 
digital penetration that is happening. 
Our view is that India's digital penetration will continue growing 120 to 150 
basis points every year. This was merely 7%-8% in FY25. Our view is this will 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 5 of 23 
 
go to 14%-15% by FY30. This is the opportunity we are after. If customers order 
online, we as a model agnostic platform, will be the clear winners in this 
sector. Be it 10 minutes, be it 30 minutes, be it one days, be it five day, we do 
it all. 
 
Within this larger ambit of digital penetration, we have shortlisted five key 
strategies that are going to drive growth and focus for Shadowfax. We are 
going to talk about those five strategies now in brief. The number one 
strategy over here, which is the single largest focus of the organization, is 
D2Cs and SMEs. Just a few weeks back, we announced a platform called 
Shadowfax 360, through which any small seller, any small retailer can get 
onboarded and start shipping across the country directly with us. 
In India, there are about 15-16 lakh sellers who are selling online either 
through marketplaces or directly. About 20% of them today take orders 
directly through their own front-end platforms. As this funnel opens further, 
we believe direct ordering will be the single biggest focus for us. Just to give 
you an update on our D2C business as well, over the last year, between FY25 
and FY26, we have grown two and a half times in our D2C business. This 
outcome has been delivered through constant focus and our investments in 
the same dimension. 
We have expanded our sales team today by more than 100 people. We have 
opened sales offices in tier 2 cities and are strongly investing now in brand 
development. The interesting fact is that these D2Cs and SME customers 
come at a significantly higher incremental margin as the pricing is typically 
15%-20% higher than what we charge enterprises.  D2Cs SMEs continue to 
remain one of the strongest focus for the organization. 
 
The second key lever where we will continue investing is what we call as large 
shipment capability. Think about suitcases, washing machines, furniture. 
Today, Shadowfax has started delivering large shipments in about 6,000 odd 
pin codes. We have a view to open 10,000 pin codes in FY27. The complexity 
in large shipments is significantly higher than small shipments and investing 
over here gives us an extra advantage. 
Also, this is not a market where we are fighting for share. The demand is 
actually pulling us in. Most of our existing customers are asking us to expand 
coverage, expand categories, and take on white goods as well. When you 
combine strong demand, higher realizations, higher entry barriers, this 
segment simply becomes something that we need to go after now. 
Our large shipment business has grown three to four times compared to 
FY25. This continues to remain a key focus area for FY27 and every 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 6 of 23 
 
incremental pin code we will add here is direct market share gain. The third 
element in our business and we have briefly spoken about it continues to be 
coverage and pin code expansion. We have hit 15,600 pin codes out of the 
19,300 available pin codes in India. 
We'll be hitting about 17,000 odd pin codes by end of FY27. Our mere 
presence in some of these pin codes unlocks volumes and market share 
gains. In states like UP, Haryana, we have actually reached 99% plus pin code 
coverage already and we have seen how comprehensive presence in some 
of these places gives you a competitive advantage. We stay true to our 
strategy of covering the entire country by FY28. So these are the three 
strategies which we have been working about. 
 
The fourth one is something which I would say is one of the most audacious 
bet that we have probably taken in the last few years. This strategy is not 
going to be about market share win. It is about category creation. We all 
know quick commerce has become a norm in the country. What we are 
seeing and feeling now is verticalized quick commerce becoming the newest 
game in town. 
Think about every category today is moving the quick commerce way. It has 
become the go-to lever for digital penetration right now. We today are 
working with very young customers who are dealing in premium grocery, 
gourmet food, child care, fashion, even some audacious items which have 
always been offline like building material, hardware shops, spare part 
material are actually moving online and trying to deliver in 30 minutes. 
We can tell you there's a lot of excitement both in the venture capital world 
as well as the customers about this interesting new segment. Now, what we 
have learned from our pilots is that vertical quick commerce platforms offer 
significantly higher value per engagement than horizontal fulfilment. Capital 
is also very limited for these players, and building in-house logistics does not 
make sense. 
The way horizontal e-commerce evolved over the last decade, we believe 
vertical quick commerce is going to have 3PL as the natural answer. As part 
of our strategy, after learning and piloting over the last 12 months, we are 
making an important announcement today that we are going to set up 
about 100 dark stores in this financial year specifically for vertical quick 
commerce. And that's the fourth lever of growth where we are investing in 
today. 
 
The fifth lever is about an acquisition that we made more than a year back. 
We have done 100% acquisition now of CriticaLog. They serve more than 500 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 7 of 23 
 
customers, especially in the high value segment, jewellery, luxury apparel, 
electronics, where traditional parcel solutions have not had a credible 
outcome. We are now in process of integrating brand and technology. We 
believe CriticaLog will strengthen the overall VAS portfolio we offer to our 
existing customers. 
 
Now, across all these five initiatives that we have spoken about, there is one 
thread which remains common, which is our relentless focus on continuously 
building value-added services. Value-added services have been the key 
element which has kept us apart and helped with our profitability in the past. 
We believe investing in these unique services, be it same-day delivery, next-
day delivery, to critical logistics, help us basically become a more profitable 
as well as a high retention sort of an organization. 
While we are doing all of this, our focus truly remains on serving the digital 
economy, on serving the end customer, you and me. And  that's the way we 
started with, we are focusing on the digital penetration and we'll continue 
doing that. This is broadly what one should expect over the next 12 months. 
Now comes the interesting point around our long-term outcome. There are 
two specific things we are going to talk about now, which are the elements 
that gives us the conviction in our right to win. 
The first thing we are going to talk about is AI. And the second element is a 
very interesting point around what is the right network design for any end-
to-end player. Now, these are the two areas  where we are obsessed about as 
a team and we continuously think on how to create long, durable 
competitive advantage across this. 
 
Now, talking about AI. At Shadowfax, AI is not a side project. It is probably 
becoming one of the core operating layers of the company. And I believe very 
few sectors are going to benefit from AI like logistics will. As an organization, 
we are a young organization and the pace at which we are adopting AI today, 
we'll probably place ourselves in the top 1% of the companies in India on AI 
adoption. 
Over here, AI is no more an option. This has become  a way to work. We don't 
have an AI leader, but we have like every individual who's transforming to use 
AI to become efficient and bring efficiency to the organization. The 
profitability gains in the mid-term and long-term from AI are going to be 
meaningful. But that's probably a smaller story. The larger benefit that we are 
going to expect, we can broadly divide that again into two elements. One is 
we believe AI is going to unlock crazy demand in the country digitally. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Think about the next 300 million customers who essentially have to be 
moved online to start placing order online. Things like voice-based 
vernacular solutions or accelerated digital marketing solutions or think about 
a fact that any small SME, any small D2C can set up a shop online, launch 
their marketing campaign without writing a piece of code. 
The technical barrier which existed for the last 5, 10 years has suddenly 
collapsed. We believe more of these sellers are going to come online, which 
essentially means more demand and they all are going to need efficient 
logistics. On the  operations side, AI is already improving utilizations for us. 
Be it routing, be it rider acquisition, be it marketing efficiency, be it the just 
the speed of shipping new solutions. The paradigm has completely shifted 
for us in building outcomes. Today, a super majority of our code base is now 
being written by AI and the AI platforms we are building on top of that are 
going to further accelerate that. 
However, there is one part of the business we are  very confident that AI is 
never going to replace. It is the humble delivery person. The supply chain 
solution, the last mile interaction and the problem solving  will always remain 
human. AI is just going to make the backend engine smarter and efficient. 
The front line always remains human. 
Coming  to the last 10% of my address today, and I've kept the best for the 
last, is around what's the right network design and I know a lot of you have 
been obsessing over that over the last year. We internally have been building 
financial models and running simulations around what exactly is the model 
which can help a company like Shadowfax scale 10x and bring the right cost 
advantage at scale. 
Thanks to AI, our network simulation models are now far more robust and 
our decision making on top of that in doubling down what we think is right 
is just becoming more and more faster. There are three key outcomes of the 
network design which essentially determine the long-term cost of 
ownership. And these are the three key operating strategies that we are 
going to double down after having invested over the last few years. 
The first strategy is that everything under the roof, be it last mile hubs, be it 
sortation centres, or be it  dark stores, must be self-owned, run by your own 
employees, and you need to put state-of-the-art automation. You would have 
seen we have invested in one of the largest sorting centres over the last 
quarter, called OneNCR. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 9 of 23 
 
We have already started seeing benefits of some of those centers. Such high 
capex centres create operating leverage in the long term and offer us the 
opportunity to create a better customer experience. These are the assets one 
needs to invest and that is where our infra bets over the next few years are 
going to continue. As a matter of fact, over the last three years, more than 
60% of our capex spending is only happening in sorting centers. Between 
sorting centres and last mile hub, probably 85% of our capex spending is only 
happening in these centers and so we are going to double down on that. 
The second key outcome of the exercise we have done is what we have 
realized that having too many nodes in the network, especially on the last 
mile, can be  really counterintuitive. While in the short term,  having many 
nodes can give you an advantage in nodal cost, but your total cost of 
operations because of the transportation optimization always goes for a toss.  
The right model is to have the right number of nodes to avoid errors, to 
manage your transportation cost. Larger nodes offer you an opportunity to 
have a fairly optimized mesh grid, which is efficient as well as optimized for 
speed. We have realized our strategy of limited defined last mile nodes is 
going to be the way forward and this is something which gives us a lot of 
operating leverage on the last mile. 
The third key strategy that we are again doubling down on is that while 
everything under the roof has to be asset heavy, conversely over here, 
everything on the road has to be asset light. Roughly 50% of our cost today is 
partner expense, which is the  crowdsourced network that we have created. 
Roughly about 18%, 19% is our trucking expense. 
We believe in a country like India, if you have 70% of your cost is on the road, 
you need to have a variable model. In the future, we believe some of these 
assets are going to have an oversupply in the country. Our trucking is 
becoming far more efficient, our road speed is becoming faster. Having an 
asset light  model on the road helps you stay lean and gives you a cost 
advantage in the long term. 
Now, some of these designs which I've just spoken about are something 
which we have been working on. We are happy to take questions on that 
later and maybe address in even in smaller audiences. But we believe that 
once we continue building on this, it compounds. And right architecture 
gives you the right to win in this sector. 
I think that's a very important element and realization that we have had over 
the last few quarters. Now,  let me  close with this. FY26 was just a 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 10 of 23 
 
demonstration that we have arrived and we have just got started. India's 
digital economy is still very nascent. 
The next wave is going to be faster. We'll need solutions which are there for 
more fragmented sellers and operationally things are only going to get more 
and more complex. Frankly, this is the environment that we are built for. We 
have the momentum, we have the capital, and we have the right operating 
discipline to turn this opportunity into extraordinary value. In FY27, we will 
raise the bar. Thank  you everyone for listening in. 
We are ready for questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank  you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Hi, many congratulations on strong numbers. Thanks for taking my question. 
My first question is on market share gain. If you could elaborate a little on 
where you are gaining share from? Is it a share gain from within the 3PL 
market? Is it a share gain from the captive market of the large customers?  
Secondly, the share gain is also driven by our continued investment and 
expansion in pin codes and building out,  various value-added services. At 
some point in time, this expansion will kind of also stabilize, as you 
mentioned, by fiscal ‘28, right? So should one assume that the,  market share 
gain  stabilizes at that point in time and then growth becomes in line with 
that of industry around that number? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
I'll take that question, Gaurav. Thank you for asking. Let me break down the 
market share journey for you. Okay. I think if you look at the overall 3PL 
market, we believe as an overall market of 3PL versus insource, over the last 
few quarters, there's been a lot of stability. While we also believe that there 
have been some market share gains for the 3PL industry as our customers, 
as some of the companies who had the insourcing arms tend to optimize 
their costs and become more rational in looking at the most cost-effective 
solutions. 
So yes, there will be some captive demand gains as well. As part of the 3PL 
industry, and as per our internal estimate, we have hit about close to 28%, 
29% market share for the full quarter, which would have been about close to 
17%, 18% one year back.  
So within the 3PL itself, we have also gained a lot of market share year-on-
year. In the industry, the top two players continue to gain market share and 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 11 of 23 
 
the market is becoming more and more consolidated. So a few years back, 
the market was far more fragmented  versus what it is right now. 
I think our market share gain is happening from some of the traditional 3PLs, 
some of the, I would say, inefficient players who are essentially losing 
business today. And that's where most of our market share gain is 
happening. I hope I answered your question. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Yes, thank you. Second question - I saw the like the capex comparison that 
you gave for FY26 and the total capex that you have made from your 
inception till FY25. And it's a meaningful jump in your investment  in FY26. 
And our understanding is that a lot of these investments also have a some 
element of opex that comes through the P&L.  
And despite that, fiscal ‘26 has seen a good margin expansion. So the 
question is that as these capex normalizes, which is what you kind of 
mentioned in your presentation, and some of the operating leverage plays 
out, do you think that the fiscal ‘26 margin expansion would look much better 
in the coming years because the investment intensity will reduce? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
That's a great question. We have probably the highest capex spends ever and 
we are just doubling down on the strategy of everything under the roof — we 
want to automate, set up sortation centres, set up some of the best-in-class 
facilities in the country.  
And you're absolutely right. I think there is a lot of operating leverage which 
is yet to come. There are opex costs we have incurred today for which the 
return probably is going to  come in FY27, FY28.. But I think we are coming 
from a year where in H1 we had to rapidly invest in capex looking at how the 
market was behaving and how much growth the industry wanted from us. 
But I think in H2,  we realized that  FY27 is also going to be a formidable year 
for us and we needed to  invest in advance. So  some of the investments that 
I also spoke about in my address are linked to some of the capacities that we 
want to set up for the coming years.  
But yes, if we were not investing in some of these capacities, given the 
business mix  we have arrived at, we would probably have had some benefit 
in our overall profitability had we not done that. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes, yes, sorry. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Abhishek Bansal: 
No. Yes. I think moving forward, we are continuing to be bullish about setting 
up sort centers, automating a lot of our work inside these sort centers. And 
we have hit a critical volume where if we invest in sort centers further, our 
break even is going to be significantly faster as well. 
Gaurav Rateria: 
Understood. This is super useful. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hi Abhishek. Thanks for the opportunity. So just a couple of questions from 
my side. First is on the capex. Your original thought process was, you  do 
manual operations till you reach a certain scale and then shift to an 
automated facility. 
So is that also changing because you're also expanding your pin code 
footprint So wherever now you go, you will have an automated facility from 
day one. Is that the new thought process? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Abhishek, thanks for asking this question. The strategy hasn't changed. We 
are  very clear that we will run a dual system which has some manual, some 
automated set-up so that once we invest in capex, we get the return on that 
fairly faster. That strategy hasn't changed. 
I think what has changed is the level of automation once we realize that a 
particular facility needs to go for an automation. I think the intensity of taking 
those bets, getting more audacious on investing and getting ROI within the 
facilities once we know that we need to invest, is just getting more aggressive 
and confident. But the philosophy hasn't changed just to clarify your 
question. We are still  very focused on driving high ROCE in our cash spends. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got  it. Very clear. Now, on the hyperlocal business, you alluded to getting 
Amazon Now on board. Now, are we seeing any change in the profitability in 
that business? And with an increasing number of larger players in the QC 
business, does that mean that your ability to price your services has gone up 
a little bit? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So, this is again a multifaceted question. I'll try to answer as much as I can, 
because we don't typically disclose our client level profitability at all. See,  in 
quick commerce today, there are two kinds of customers. One, is the large 
enterprises,  there are multiple of them now. The second is what we speak 
about as vertical quick commerce. 
Typically, vertical quick commerce companies end up depending a lot more 
on 3PL and hence the profitability profile is slightly better than working with 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 13 of 23 
 
the horizontal players. But the great thing about  quick commerce today is 
that unlike horizontal e-commerce, there are not just one or two players in 
this segment. It's a six, seven player sort of a market. We are probably working 
with each one of them. 
There is a  very good client distribution across each of the platforms, which 
are delivering to the end customers. So, we believe there is, no leverage that 
any one partner has on 3PLs. And given we are the largest 3P player in this 
industry, we have been able to maintain the pricing even as we are scaling 
up. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. So, on the overall profitability bit, has there been a move? Are you 
seeing some margins from there? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes. So, I think while our entire profitability has moved up as you would see 
year-on-year, Q-on-Q, I think we continue to stay extremely efficient inside 
the organization. What we have also been able to  do now, especially in our 
quick commerce business, is a rapid cut down our overheads,  through rapid 
use of AI. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it.  And just one last thing. So, we are all worried about, how the next six 
months pans out given the geopolitical situation. And, of course, I 
understand, your thought process on the overall year given the traction we 
have seen in e-commerce. But could you give some kind of color, as to how 
crude inflation can impact your business, and what are the levers you have 
to mitigate that impact? That would be really helpful. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes. That's a very sensitive conversation and  a lot of volatility has been 
happening on  this globally. I'll explain on two sides. One is on the demand 
side; the other one is on the supply side. 
On the demand side, typically whenever such, kind of, global volatility 
happens, somehow the e-commerce grows in the country, the digital 
penetration grows in the country because a lot of spends that customers 
would anyway might be doing in hospitality, travels, essentially end up now 
getting translated into more consumption spends at home. So, home 
delivery tends to go up. And typically summer months, which are  very lean 
months because everybody is travelling and spending money, probably can 
be very different this year. And we saw the similar thing in COVID as well, 
where we saw a big boom. So, I think the consumption looks pretty healthy. 
I think on the supply side, if you look at our business today,  probably about 
less than 10% of our costs is actually fuel cost. While fuel costs are going to be 
there, it's probably going to also impact the entire industry. So, it's not going 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 14 of 23 
 
to create a competitive disadvantage between anyone in the industry. 
Typically, in our contracts,  both on supply side as well as with our customers, 
we have a fuel surcharge as a component. It's a pretty standard thing in the 
industry. So, we don't anticipate any cost or a problem in our profitability. But, 
yes, logistics can potentially get expensive for our customers if there is a rapid 
rise in fuel costs. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it. That is very helpful. Thank you so much, Abhishek. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atul Borse from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Borse: 
Hi, team. Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, my first question is  around 
the express parcel volume growth that we are seeing Q-on-Q. There is also a 
dip in your yield. So, is it fair to assume that the volume growth that we are 
seeing Q-on-Q is mostly coming from the insourcing challenges, or lower 
insourcing that is happening at Meesho? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
The realization is largely dependent on the volumetric weight of the 
shipment. What we have seen quarter-on-quarter is that the average volume 
of the shipments has gone down. Okay. And this is purely – There’s a lot of 
disturbance, we’re hearing here. 
Moderator:  
Mr. Atul, may we request you to please mute your line? Thank you. Sir, you 
may please go ahead. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So, what we've seen is and that underlying actually our growth has happened 
across the sector. Probably our D2C segment has actually grown much faster 
than any other sector between Q3 and Q4. We have gained rapid market 
share in the in the D2C segment specifically between the two quarters. 
If you  ask me, has our percentage of business coming from the top two, three 
customers changed? No. It is probably same between Q3 and Q4. So, every 
part of the business is actually growing. And the  thing where we are happy 
about, and which is also helping us become profitable faster, is the high value 
D2C business growing much faster than anything else. 
Atul Borse: 
All right. And one more thing that FY26 has been phenomenal for you in both 
express and hyperlocal. What, kind of, growth you foresee on a steady-state 
basis in the coming years? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
I think, for the overall business,  we continue to maintain the same trajectory 
guidance of  27% to 30% overall business growth. Hyperlocal, because the 
base is smaller will grow slightly faster at about 45% to 50% year-on-year 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 15 of 23 
 
growth and the rest is again going to come from express parcel. So, that's the 
view we will continue maintaining as part of our guidance. 
Atul Borse: 
All right. Thank you. Those were my questions. All the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pradyumna Chaudhary from 
Bow Head. Please go ahead. 
Pradyumna Chaudhary: 
Yes, hi. Congratulations on a great set of numbers, sir. My first 
question is when you are talking about investing more in real estate and the 
operating leverage is yet to kick in, what sort of margin improvement are we 
talking about? And in fact, a broader question would be what margins, do 
you believe are sustainable in our line of business? Steady-state. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
 I'll answer the second part first. See, we believe in a business like ours where 
we are offering our services to the end customers, there's a lot of complexity 
around RTOs, CODs, there's a lot of value-added services we have to offer 
through reverse logistics, same-day delivery and similar means. 
We believe in a business like this, early double-digit steady-state EBITDA 
margins are sustainable. So, that's the view we have. And I think  the way we 
have planned for is that for the next couple of years, we are giving a guidance 
of 100 basis points to 120 basis points in terms of improving profitability  till 
FY28. And this is the time where we'll continue expanding our real estate, 
geographical expansion. Post FY28, we are hoping to hit about somewhere 
between 200 basis points to 250 basis points every year for the next few years 
until we hit steady-state EBITDA. 
Now, to answer your first question, it's  very difficult to carve out exactly how 
many basis points are going to be there only attributable to some of the 
investments that we are doing. But  you can imagine that our profitability 
growth will become 2x  post FY28. Maybe that can help you get an estimate 
on that. 
Some of these investments are fairly complex around the network. For a new 
centre six months is the setup time, you end up incurring cost on both the 
sides, rentals, electricity and everything. 
So, we set up OneNCR facility, which went live just a few months back. It took 
almost six months where dual costs were incurred for the entire duration 
despite us not utilizing that facility at all. So, I think some of these things 
continue to happen. Typically, when we open a new last mile facility, it takes 
about six to eight months because our trucks are running fairly sub-optimally 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 16 of 23 
 
in some of those locations. It's a very complex network thing that we are 
looking at, based on which we are planning our financials and our guidance. 
Pradyumna Chaudhary: 
Understood. And just one or two more questions. One of your peers, 
suggests a lower cost advantage due to their presence in partial truck loads. 
What is your view on that? Does it really make a difference? How are we 
placed? 
And second is on the hyperlocal growth. So, Q4 hyperlocal growth was 
probably lower than what you are guiding for going forward, so what could 
be the reason for that? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
To answer your first question - different organizations have different type of 
networks and different fundamentals around it. Shadowfax has designed its 
network on a first principle basis on what we think is going to give us the 
right answer in the long-term. 
Now, for us, and I can talk about us over here,  we have built a business, which 
has a very strong mix around crowdsourcing where we end up doing a lot of 
last mile businesses, which is essentially our competitive advantage as well. 
We have also built a specialization around value-added services. Now, in a 
business like ours, are we going to offer PTL services? Probably not, I don't 
think so in the next few years at least. That's the visibility we have. But, yes, 
never say never. 
On the question on hyperlocal,  you should look at it on a full year basis. I think 
a full year growth continues to stay  very strong. Last year Q4 was 
extraordinarily better and that's why the year-on-year growth might be 
looking a bit slow, but sequentially, I think we are growing as per the plan. 
One needs to look at year-on-year growth in businesses like this for getting 
the real trend. I think with a new customer acquisition, with vertical quick 
commerce and dark store enablement coming into the play, I think the 
growth is going to be formidable and we are pretty sure on what we are 
guiding. 
Pradyumna Chaudhary: 
All right. Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Jain from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Hi, Abhishek, thanks a lot for the opportunity, and congratulations on very 
good numbers. My first question is on the dark store expansion piece that 
you spoke about. So, you spoke about 15 dark stores and that going to 100, 
and it seems like a new vertical entirely for Shadowfax, right? If you could just 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 17 of 23 
 
talk about, how does the unit economics in this business stand? What, kind 
of, scalability that you're looking at? And you seem pretty excited about it. So, 
we all would be very happy to hear your thoughts on this one. And then I'll 
take my second question. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes. So, we first ventured into dark stores probably two years back. The 15 that 
we have been running, like, 90% of them we have just been running in one 
city. So, we spent a lot of time learning how they work, learning how the 
profitability needs to work, building the underlying technology both on dark 
store management, people management, last mile, and at the end of the day, 
how do we make it profitable. 
Today, our top stores,  would be running at about 20% plus gross margins 
with a further space to expand as the dark store volumes go up. So, there is a 
healthy profitability profile that we have proven and we have spent enough 
time before we decided to to go aggressive on this sort of a model. So that 
confidence on building this out over the last few years is there with us. 
The second thing in terms of how this model typically works - we are not 
working with the horizontal platforms that all of us typically know. This is 
meant for the vertical platforms. And think about a specialized apparel 
players, think about specialized beauty players, think about sports gears. 
There are specific companies and we have a list of about 15 odd customers 
right now who are actively working where they can't have a supply chain 
solution  on their own. 
They just don't have the capability of doing that. And they rely largely on 3PLs 
like us and us being a leader in this space, and understanding how last mile 
should work in, we have sort of a natural go-to partner for  some of these 
platforms. So,  the idea is to work with very specific people, companies which 
have stronger balance sheets. 
The radius that we offer over here is not necessarily five to 10 minutes. What 
we are looking at is a 30-to-45-minute sort of a solution. So, think about dark 
stores which will be there in about let's say seven kilometres radius  in some 
of the metros. Pick and pack time continues to remain very similar to how 
horizontals run it, but the radius might be slightly higher. 
Dhruv Jain: 
Got it. And just on this part, right, how should we think about the peak 
revenue per store or how does a typical store mature in your view?  
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes. So, I think we have been very financially savvy in setting up these dark 
stores and planning our commercials. It takes roughly about three to four 
months for a dark store to start making money for us. Average revenue per 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 18 of 23 
 
dark store can be anywhere between 8 lakhs to 15 lakhs per dark store per 
month. 
Dhruv Jain: 
This is per month, right? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Alisha Mahawla from Trust Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Hi sir, good evening. Great set of numbers. Just taking up from what the 
previous caller was asking. So, what is the kind of investment that will be 
required for these dark stores and what is the ROIC that we're expecting for 
this? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Sorry, you are asking for the capex investment? 
Alisha Mahawla: 
Yes, for the dark stores. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
So again, I can't give a split of dark store versus overall, but our guidance for 
FY27 will remain on an absolute basis very similar to FY26, which is in the 
range of about INR 180 to INR 190 crores,  which essentially is going to remain 
flat in terms of absolute count. Dark store is going to be probably  less than 
10% of our capex. 
Alisha Mahawla: 
And what is the kind of ROIC we're expecting on the dark store vertical? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Currently, we just run 15 dark stores. I think it's too early to say exactly this is 
the ROIC that will get when we actually scale it up. Right now, the model 
looks good, the profitability looks good, the incremental margin that it adds 
to our overall margin is also good. 
But the investments that we have done right now because these were on a 
pilot basis are very small to calculate a realistic ROIC. But we'll I think keep 
updating you as and when it scales up and we have meaningful numbers 
here to discuss. 
Moderator: 
 Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhvanit Shah from PL 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhvanit Shah: 
Hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, 
my question is regarding the lost shipments and quality check cost. I see it 
has increased to close to around 7% of the total revenue and it has increased 
Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y. So, you  attribute it to any segment or was it because of 
hyperlocal or express business? 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 19 of 23 
 
And also, can you give a categorization whether the apparel business is 
suffering or the appliance business? And how would you juggle the lost 
shipment cost with, now that you are entering into the white goods space, I 
believe the white goods space is margin accretive, but let's just say if our lost 
shipments stay the same on a steady state basis or so, how would you juggle 
these two things? Thank you. 
Praveen Kumar KJ: 
Yes, Dhvanit, this is Praveen. I'll take that. So let me give you a brief about 
what this lost shipment is. Actually, this entire value of 6% that you see for the 
quarter is not lost shipment. It's split into two. Historically, this number used 
to be about 5% to 6%, closer to 5% actually. And roughly half of that is what 
we call as quality check debits. This comes essentially from our reverse 
product. 
I think we have explained this also in the past where in our reverse product, 
we have a doorstep quality check for which we charge a premium. And 
despite doing a quality check, if we pick up a wrong shipment, we underwrite 
the value of the parcel to our customer. So that's the cost that comes in there. 
Despite this cost, it's decently profitable vertical for us. So that's included in 
this line item. 
Roughly other half is what you can call as pure lost shipments, which is 
essentially actual lost shipments, where either a shipment gets lost or gets 
damaged or TAT breached and things like that. Now, it is not entirely true it 
has consistently gone up. This quarter it has come down. Last year it was 5.7%. 
In first half it went up because we have said that when we launched our large 
parcel business, we saw the losses going higher and then we had taken 
sufficient steps to bring it down. Q3 again it came down to about 6.3%. Q4 it's 
come down further to 6.1%. Our view is in the longer term, we actually we felt 
even 5% was a high number. 
Our long-term goal was to bring it down to about 4% to 5%. Now this is at 6% 
threshold. Our endeavor is to bring this down to our long-term average. On 
the kind of steps, we have taken, Abhishek will also add a few things on that. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Yes.  I think we have been obsessively building a lot of technologies  
improving our scanning technology, be it building image recognition 
systems to improve our reverse logistics losses. So just the last quarter we 
actually did a massive upgrade on our image recognition at the doorstep 
which has started to show some brilliant green shoots  in our business. 
Moreover, I think, as you mentioned, we have ventured into large logistics. 
Initially first couple of quarters we saw a lot of damages happening over there 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 20 of 23 
 
and that's the thing we have been fixing over in H2. So there's a good bunch 
of ideas and things and typically what you will see is that as companies 
mature, and become more and more efficient, there is a  very different kind 
of a leverage that comes  and the losses come down. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Chaudhary from Toro 
Wealth Managers. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Yes, hi. Congratulations on a great set of numbers.  I audible? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Chaudhary, but there is some kind of a disturbance from your line. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Yes, is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Yes, hi. So just wanted to understand as a percentage of total revenue, what 
would be the D2C and SME channel as of FY26? And second is, lately we've 
been hearing about Amazon shipping has now probably opened their 
network globally, although they were in India and they are across 4,000 plus 
15,000 plus... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Chaudhary, but your line is not clear, sir. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
I think we got the question. 
Management: 
 Yes, but we got the broad questions here. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
 So  since they have an active seller base of around 12 million SMEs and 
MSMEs and they could probably subsidize pricing also. So how does our  
Shadowfax 360 differentiate against this offering? Yes, these were the two 
questions. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
I think on the Amazon side,  what you are hearing right now is probably a 
global news now, but that same thing has been active in India for more than 
two years. See, I'll give a generic view on this  because we have been 
observing  some of these captive arms coming in and trying to build 3P as a 
business. 
There are two kind of customers. The large customers will never work with 
them because of data security. The small customers maybe in the short term 
they try working with them, but what happens is that once peak day comes, 
when the peak months come, I think external customers get massively 
deprioritized by these kind of supply chains and that's why there's never been 
a meaningful business. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 21 of 23 
 
With Amazon, I think they have been experimenting in India for the last few 
years. Nothing is new in this. They have been experimenting for the last few 
years. We don't think these kind of models will work in India. That's our sort 
of a view. Regarding your first question, I think D2C and SME is a meaningful 
double digit sort of a number for us. We can't give you the exact split of that 
because I mean that's not a KPI we have been reporting. It is slightly sensitive 
in nature from a competitive dynamic standpoint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak Kariwal from 
Xponent Tribe. Please go ahead. 
Vinayak Kariwal: 
Hi Abhishek, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a great set 
of numbers. So just wanted a reiteration from your side on Gaurav's question. 
So what you're saying is growth going ahead will be a variable of market 
share wins and there is nothing as sort of outsourcing that you are seeing 
from your customers? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Sorry, I didn't get the question. Can you come again? 
Vinayak Kariwal: 
So I just wanted to understand the fact the variables of growth going forward. 
Do you think the growth going forward would be the only variable of  market 
share wins or do you think there is something going on, on the part of your 
customers where they are outsourcing back again that cycle is playing out. 
So  are you seeing any sort of that thing playing out or just the market share 
wins would drive the growth forward? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
I mean, think about it like that. Whatever we are growing today,  whatever 
we are forecasting, I think 50%, 55% we are attributing to the underlying 
growth in 3PL market, which might happen largely because the underlying 
economy of this country is growing. 
The remaining 40%, 45% might be coming from market share gains. Now, 
whether some of the large guys are going to outsource more or not, I don't 
think we are planning on that. If they end up outsourcing more, there's an 
upside possible to the guidance that we are giving. Right now, we are 
assuming things remain the same. 
But again, we are seeing the market is becoming far more rational and 
people who have cost advantage are essentially gaining market share.  I think 
that theme  continues where everybody is trying to be more and more 
efficient. But if our customers end up outsourcing more, I think that's an 
upside you can expect. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 22 of 23 
 
Vinayak Kariwal: 
Okay. So going forward the growth we are seeing this year won't be seen in 
the in the next coming years. Is it fair to build  a 30%, 40% growth on your 
business going forward for coming two, three years or you could overshoot 
that? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
No, we are not guiding for that. I think we are still guiding for about 28%, 30% 
maximum growth from a future guidance standpoint. 
Vinayak Kariwal: 
Okay, sure. And my second question was on margins. When you say 120 bps 
increase in margins for the next two years,  are you guiding these margins on 
the service EBITDA level or are you guiding these margins on the adjusted 
EBITDA level?  
Because  if I keep the service EBITDA same, you would be able to get those 
margins without increasing your service EBITDA itself because of the 
operating leverage on your corporate overhead cost?. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
We are only talking about adjusted EBITDA. That's the only EBITDA I think as 
an organization today we look for. I think some part of it will obviously come 
from operating leverage at our corporate level. But yes, a lot of it will actually 
come from some of the underlying service EBITDA what typically the 
industry calls as service EBITDA, maybe some of that. 
But see, as we are saying that we are also saying we are going to invest 
heavily into expansion, new categories, newer customers. So those 
expansions won't stop and that's why we are giving a limited view of 100 to 
120 basis points. Post FY28 when some of those investments are going to get 
more saturated, that's when we'll see the real aggressive jump in EBITDA. 
Vinayak Kariwal: 
So your service EBITDA should remain at the same level going forward like 
two, three years at least where currently they are at 16%, 17%? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
We don't talk about service EBITDA. We don't look at service EBITDA. We only 
look at adjusted EBITDA and that's what we are guiding everyone for. Vinayak 
the improvement will come from both places essentially. 
Vinayak Kariwal: 
Okay, sure. And one last question if I could ask. So you have this 
crowdsourcing platform model on your hyperlocal segment. What part of the 
business comes from that platform that you have created where people 
could come on your platform, get the gigs. And the second part of that 
question is what is the competition you are seeing on your crowdsourcing 
platform? 
 
There are many platforms which are doing the same thing where they are 
doing the crowdsourcing  which a platform like LoadShare also does  and 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 

 
 
Shadowfax Technologies Limited 
 
May 14, 2026 
Page 23 of 23 
 
they have partnerships with Amazon Now. So what is what is the entry barrier 
to such a platform that you have created because many players could be 
doing that? 
Abhishek Bansal: 
I hope this is the last question from you. So I'll try to answer that  in simple 
ways. See, 100% of our last mile today is crowdsourced. Every single order that 
we do is done an through a individual who's being paid on a per order basis. 
So that's sort of a unique thing for our platform.  100% of whatever last mile 
we do, which is like for 99% of our revenues we do last mile, so I mean 
everything happens through this crowdsourced sort of a network.  
This Crowdsourced Network is a  very unique competitive advantage we have 
built. Actually there is nobody like us in the country,  where 100% of  deliveries 
are happening through a per order sort of a model. While I mean some of our 
competitors, some of our  customers have captive arms who focus on a single 
category. 
But if you look at our network, today our delivery partner can do e-commerce 
as well as a food delivery as well as a quick commerce order on the same app. 
There is nothing like this that exists in in our country. So I think that remains 
sort of a competitive advantage. While  there will be companies coming and 
building in a certain category and we can't stop that competition. Logistics is 
never a winner take all market. You always want some sort of competition. 
But I think the model that we have created is  a  unique one. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bansal for closing comments. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you, Rutuja. Thanks everyone for being so patient on this call and 
patiently asking so many questions. Looking forward to seeing all of you over 
the next earning call over the next few quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Shadowfax, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
J', SHADOWFAX 
fhinilc ah-di 
