 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 09, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department,      
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,                  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,               
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,                                    
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in       
Security Code No.: 532508 
 
Security Code No.: JSL 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings call held on May 05, 2026 - Disclosure under Regulation 30 read 
with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the Earnings Call for Q4FY26. The same is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company at the following web-link: 
 
https://www.jindalstainless.com/financials/earnings-presentation/ 
 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
 
Navneet Raghuvanshi 
Head-Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as above 
 
 
NAVNEET 
RAGHUVANSHI
Digitally signed by 
NAVNEET RAGHUVANSHI 
Date: 2026.05.09 13:10:05 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“Jindal Stainless Limited 
4QFY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 05, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHYUDAY JINDAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
 
MR. TARUN KHULBE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
 
MR. KAPIL ARORA – HEAD, FINANCE – JINDAL 
STAINLESS LIMITED 
 
MR. ANGAD KHURANA, HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
– JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHISHEK TAMBI – INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SATYADEEP JAIN – AMBIT CAPITAL PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jindal Stainless Limited 4QFY26 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Jain. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you, operator. Good evening. And on behalf of Ambit Capital, I thank the management 
team of Jindal Stainless for the opportunity to host their Q4FY26 earnings conference call. We 
have the following members of management with us today: Mr. Abhyuday Jindal, Managing 
Director; Mr. Tarun Khulbe, CEO, CFO and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Kapil Arora, Head of 
Finance; Mr. Angad Khurana, Head of Investor Relations; and Mr. Abhishek Tambi, who is 
the part of IR team. 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Angad Khurana. Thank you all and over to you, sir. 
Angad Khurana: 
Thank you, Satyadeep. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the company's Q4 
FY26 earnings call. I hope you all had a chance to review the results and the accompanying 
presentation uploaded on the exchanges and on our website earlier. Our discussion on the call 
will follow that presentation.  
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made today may be 
forward-looking in nature and are covered by the disclaimer on Slide 2 of the earnings 
presentation. Joining me on the call today is the senior leadership team, who will take you 
through the key business developments and the performance for this quarter. After the 
remarks, we will open the floor for questions. 
With that, let me hand it over to our Managing Director, Mr. Abhyuday Jindal, to take you 
through the highlights. Over to you, sir. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Thank you, Angad, and a very good evening to everyone. I would also like to welcome you all 
to our earnings call. I will begin by outlining the key business highlights for the quarter and 
year ending March 2026 and the progress we continue to make across our priority sectors. 
Following that, Mr. Khulbe will take you through our operational and financial performance. 
Continuing the positive momentum, our sales volume in FY26 grew by 8% year-on-year, 
supported by sustained domestic demand amid the volatility in the export market. In the 
domestic market, JSL's performance was consistent, underpinned by demand momentum from 
key sectors such as automotive, ornamental pipe and tube, industrial pipe and tube, railway, 
metro, lift elevator, and white goods. Last quarter, we had initiated a calibrated shift in our 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
brand strategy to complement our strong B2B leadership with a sharper consumer-facing 
presence. 
The onboarding of Ranveer Singh as the company's first-ever brand ambassador and the launch 
of a nationwide multimedia campaign mark a structural step-up for our natural brand presence. 
The Jindal Infinity campaign focuses on authenticity and informed choice, addressing long-
standing issues of counterfeiting and quality opacity in key segments such as pipe and tube, 
while reinforcing stainless steel relevance. In parallel, we have also associated with Sunrisers 
Hyderabad to leverage the cultural scale and emotional equity of cricket to deepen engagement 
with younger and mass audiences. 
Together, these initiatives will help strengthen top-of-mind recall, support channel partners 
through co-branded outreach, and enhance long-term brand equity as consumption-led 
applications of stainless steel scale up across India. We believe the timing is appropriate as we 
enter our next phase of growth, with brand building acting as a strategic enabler of demand 
creation, differentiation, and sustained value creation. Stainless steel demand in the passenger 
coach segment also increased traction from strong growth. 
The modern AC coaches, which use both shell and stainless steel underframes, will contribute 
to the demand for stainless steel for coach manufacturing. Higher activity in metro projects 
across the country also supported the strong delivery momentum. Going forward in FY27, 
several new metro projects are slated to go on stream in Bengaluru, Mumbai, Gurugram, and 
Delhi. With export demand for India-made metro coaches also picking up, the demand for 
stainless steel is expected to witness a jump of 2x to 3x over the next 3 to 4 years. 
The Indian lift and elevator industry is expected to witness steady growth in FY27, driven by 
urbanization, infra development, and rising demand for efficient vertical transportation 
systems. Developments in the Middle East continue to influence energy markets and global 
supply chains. The ongoing situation has affected the availability of key industrial gases, 
including propane, LPG, natural gas, and ammonia. In parallel, disruptions in shipping lanes 
have resulted in route diversions, extended transit periods, and intermittent cargo delays, 
adding pressure on logistics and cost structure. 
We are monitoring the situation closely for improved clarity around fuel allocations and the 
normalization of supply conditions. On the export front, global trade sentiment remains 
subdued due to ongoing trade and geopolitical uncertainties. Despite these headwinds, JSL 
demonstrated strong execution capability, delivering higher export volumes on a quarter-on-
quarter basis, maintaining a focus on expanding into markets such as Japan, Korea, Taiwan, 
and Germany. Inferior imported materials continue to enter India at a large scale. 
The temporary suspension of QCO is a matter of concern and poses a discouraging setback for 
quality-focused domestic industry players. We remain hopeful that the government will 
strengthen and enforce frameworks that uphold quality standards to protect consumers and 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
MSMEs alike. In this environment, Jindal Stainless retains its market share through its agility, 
cost competitiveness, and a customer-first approach. On the sustainability front, JSL continues 
its streak of ESG excellence, achieving an EcoVadis score of 71 out of 100 in Q4 '26 with the 
bronze medal recognition. 
In parallel, our continued commitment towards a cleaner and more resilient energy mix saw 
the partial commissioning of a 315-megawatt solar/wind hybrid power project in collaboration 
with Oyster Renewable Energy this quarter. At JSL, we remain steadfast and continue to 
march towards our long-term decarbonization goals. 
With this, I would like to hand over to Mr. Khulbe to discuss operational and financial 
performance. Thank you. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Thank you, Abhyuday. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the call. I would like to begin by 
providing a detailed overview of our operational and financial performance. Despite 
geopolitical headwinds, our 4QFY26 deliveries were at 0.64 million tons remaining steady on 
a year-on-year basis. Our 4Q consolidated EBITDA increased by around 37% year-on-year 
and around 3% on quarter-on-quarter to INR1,455 crores. Our consolidated PAT stood at 
INR834 crores, an increase of around 41% on year-on-year and around 1% on quarter-on-
quarter basis. 
For FY26, our deliveries stood at 2.57 million tons with an increase of around 8% year-on-
year. Consolidated EBITDA increased by around 19% year-on-year to INR5,560 crores, and 
consolidated PAT stood at INR3,185 crores with an increase of around 27% year-on-year 
basis. We are pleased to report continued improvement in our balance sheet. As of March 31, 
2026, our consolidated net debt has further reduced to INR3,040 crores with a net debt-to-
EBITDA ratio at 0.55x, comfortably below 1, and a net debt-to-equity ratio of 0.15, reflecting 
our disciplined approach to financial management. 
This robust financial management continues to place in a better position to navigate ongoing 
macroeconomic challenges. On our subsidiaries' front, all subsidiaries have shown 
improvement and contributed positively to the group's overall EBITDA. The announced capex 
plan is progressing well and remains on track. The 1.2 million tons per annum at the stainless 
steel melt shop in Indonesia is successfully commissioned ahead of schedule, taking the 
company's total melting capacity to 4.2 million tons per annum, including 3 million tons per 
annum in India. 
In parallel, downstream expansion projects in India are advancing as planned, including the 
upcoming commissioning of 1.1 million tons per annum HRAP line and 0.17 million tons per 
annum CRAP line at Jajpur. To further strengthen downstream integration, the company 
announced an additional INR900 crores commitment towards augmenting cold rolling 
capacities at Hisar and Kharagpur. With these investments, our value-added capabilities will 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
be enhanced, increasing CRAP capacity to 2.67 million tons per annum by FY28 and aligning 
the expanded melt capacity with downstream readiness. 
This integrated expansion will support our sales volume target of 3.5 million tons per annum 
by FY29, translating into a robust double-digit compounded growth over the next 3 years. 
Jindal Stainless Steelway Limited, a subsidiary of JSL Group, has commenced operations at its 
first stainless steel fabrication facility in Patalganga near Mumbai. Built with an initial 
investment of approximately INR125 crores, the facility marks a strategic milestone in our 
journey towards offering an integrated end-to-end solution for India's infrastructure sector. 
This reinforces our positioning beyond material supply to value-added fabrication while 
supporting sustainable, long-life infrastructure development. 
I'm pleased to announce that, in addition to an interim dividend for FY26 of INR1 per share, 
the Board has recommended a final dividend of INR3 per share with a face value of INR2 
each, subject to approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, aggregating 
to a payout of nearly INR330 crores in total for FY26. The quarter witnessed energy-related 
constraints emerging amid geopolitical uncertainties affecting West Asia; a key sourcing 
region for industrial fuels such as propane, LPG, and natural gas that are critical to stainless 
steel manufacturing. 
Despite this, Jindal Stainless remains committed to maintaining operational resilience and 
supply chain stability. The company continues to proactively monitor global development and 
adopt its strategies to ensure sustained growth and business continuity in the times ahead. 
India's stainless steel demand remains resilient, supported by robust fundamentals. Stainless 
steel continues to have a bright future as India's inevitable materialistic rise continues to 
unravel. 
With that, I conclude my remarks and invite the moderator to begin the question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. The first question is from the line of Parthiv Jhonsa from Anand Rathi. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Congratulations on good numbers despite gas disruption. So my first question is pertaining to 
the guidance. I believe Sir just gave guidance of 2029. Is it possible to give some volume 
growth guidance as well as EBITDA guidance for '27, because that's like very immediate? And 
considering the current global headwinds, if you can just give a guidance? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So in terms of volume growth for FY27, we are expecting at least 8% to 10% growth -- 7% to 
9% growth in volume this year. And for EBITDA per ton, looking at the kind of uncertainty 
there is, till H1 of this year, we are giving a guidance of INR18,000 to INR20,000 EBITDA 
per ton. And depending on the situation, maybe after 6 months we might revise this figure also. 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay. So you are actually sticking to that INR18,000, INR20,000 range despite the overhang 
from the Middle Eastern crisis. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Correct. We're still confident of delivering INR18,000 to INR20,000 and give at least 7% to 
9% volume growth in the entire year. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Sir, just to take this particular question forward, I believe there would be some volume 
disruption due to this entire crisis in the month of March, right? What would be the volume 
disruption? And what is the quantum of gas you have started receiving or the impact is there 
especially for the first quarter? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So, in terms of at least, because availability has picked up at a higher cost, we don't see 
availability as a challenge in the month of May, but cost has significantly gone up. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
And what would be the impact, sir, from this 1 particular cost, like the cost increase on the 
EBITDA level? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So again it's the same thing. We still stick to our blended guidance. Despite this cost going up, 
we're still confident of delivering INR18,000 to INR20,000. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
And sir, quick question, just if you can give a breakup of the 200, 300, 400 series. 
Angad Khurana: 
So for 4QFY26, 200 series was around 38%, 300 series was around 43% and 400 series is 
around 19%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alok Deora from Motilal Oswal. 
Alok Deora: 
Sir, just had a couple of questions. So first is on the export side. Export proportion has come 
down, and it's lower than what we used to do on a normal basis. So, I just wanted to 
understand what's happening there and where we can see some normalization? And if you can 
guide some export -- how much would be exports in FY27? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So export as we can see that for the year FY26, it is having a share of 8% of our total sales, 
which in FY25, it was 9%. So 1% lower, but on the expanded base. Now, the export market 
has a different time with different challenges, we can say uncertainty. But as a company, we 
are able to still sail through and maintain our share. We still want to -- we are still able to 
manage with our important market of Americas, both North and South America. We are trying 
to develop newer markets or trying to increase our footprint in the newer market. 
And right now, yes, due to this war again, the disruption happened, but still we are 
continuously working. Even with the CBAM coming and creating disruptions with whatever 
we have done and our relationship with the customers there, we are still able to manage a 
certain level of volume. And with all these efforts, we believe that even with our increased 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
guidance of 7% to 9% of volume, what we have given, still we should be able to manage a 
share of 8% to 10% of exports in that increased volume. 
Alok Deora: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the EBITDA per ton, I mean INR18,000 to INR20,000 range, which we 
have given for the 1H, and we are more than nearly 20 -- we are comfortably above INR20,000 
in the current run rate basis. So is it that kind of pressure that we are seeing in the cost in the 
first quarter that we are scaling down on the EBITDA guidance for 1H? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
It's basically the uncertainty. See, as I said, the cost has gone up, and everything we are not 
able to pass on to our customers because our competitors, importers -- I mean the people who 
import material, those companies in those countries, the cost has not gone up. So definitely 
because of this, we feel that INR18,000 to INR20,000 is possible for H1. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
And then we definitely review the whole thing because this cost increase has been very sharp 
and sudden. And it is not only in fuel, but also in the utilities like ammonia and acid, all these 
consumables were also impacted. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Amit Dixit from Goldman Sachs. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers this quarter. A couple of questions from my side. 
The first one is essentially the standard one on regulatory environment. While the stainless 
steel demand outlook looks good, there has been absolutely no, I would say, measure from the 
government for controlling imports. In fact QCO suspension, all these are quite detrimental for 
us and we are looking to expand further in Maharashtra.  
And also, I just wanted to understand the thought process, your thought process in particular, 
given that we are in a dichotomous situation where we are expanding, but the government is 
not coming with any support. So what gives us so much confidence to expand? That is my first 
question essentially. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So, absolutely a very valid point and valid concern. This is true that this QCO, which was to 
ensure a certain quality level of product being produced and used within the country, 
suspension of that opens the gate for the import of substandard products as well and this 
definitely impacts the sentiment and creates a confusion among the stainless steel industry that 
what exactly they should be doing because there is a big portion of even MSMEs and small 
players who have spare capacities available with them. They believed that with the improved 
capacity utilization, they were also planning to expand and create more capacity, even with 
this kind of sudden policy change, even though it is for 6 months only, definitely creates a bit 
of confusion. 
Now, coming to -- we, as a company, okay, we have -- the sentiments and all these things 
definitely impact, but we also have our strengths. We are working -- we have a diverse 
portfolio of products we work on each. We serve each area of the stainless steel consumption. 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
And beyond that, we have also been seeing that there is a mild mind shift, I will say, in the 
user that earlier, like there was -- we could see that earlier people used to make their 
consumption decision based on the L1 basis, lower cost. 
Now we see that life cycle cost is -- normally, people are considering life cycle cost for 
making a decision while choosing a product. And stainless steel gets an advantage, and we 
could see many new applications where stainless steel is getting accepted and being used even 
in the infrastructure. And we believe that this trend should continue because people are 
interested in creating products when it comes to mobility, which are lightweight and more 
energy efficient; when it comes to infrastructure, which is long-lasting, maintenance-free. 
So this kind of acceptance also gives us confidence that going forward, stainless steel will 
grow even beyond the natural growth it has. And we, as a company, believe that we should be 
ready to serve these requirements in the future. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Absolutely, Amit, as Mr. Khulbe said, and dialogue with the government is consistently on. So 
already, as he said, we are approaching the government as an industry that the MSME sector, 
the producers who are willing to expand and increase their capacity, will be negatively 
impacted. So QCO is protecting our borders from substandard material, which gives 
confidence to MSME to expand further.  
We, as a company, as we always share, we are always at the higher end of the stainless steel 
value chain supply chain, and we continue to be present there and grow that market share as 
well. And on the other side, apart from QCO, we are also working on antidumping. So they are 
appointing verifiers in Q1 this quarter, and that antidumping investigation process should also 
continue. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. That's great to know. The second one is essentially on defense. Now you have 
highlighted in the press release that there have been a couple of -- we have been supplying to 
the defense sector. Now, typically, the defense sector involves a long approval process, and it's 
very heartening to know that you have crossed the bridge. Just wanted to ask because the 
defense prospects are quite bright in the country, with a lot of domestic platforms being built.  
So, I just wanted to understand which new products or grades of steel we are developing and, 
if possible, which platforms we would be engaging in? And also if you have in mind 
something of like -- I know it's currently very small, but let us say 5 years hence, what could 
be the portion of revenue from defense segment? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So Amit, defense being such a critical area, I would not like to share on an open forum what 
kind of products or applications we are working on. But it's in a variety of areas, from land 
systems to air systems to drones in every area, to our -- always with our satellite launches 
we're all part of. And if I can say more, focus is more towards aerospace, that's where we see 
good traction coming in, and we see good volumes coming in. And defense, as I said already, 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
land systems, good work is happening. So because being very strategic and very critical, I 
would not like to share. But what I can say is that this year, we will also be showcasing some 
very interesting products made out of Jindal Stainless material. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. So maybe I will discuss with you one-on-one on this. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
One-on-one is better. It's a little critical, and they also request that we not share. 
Amit Dixit: 
Congratulations on a good performance and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have a lot of questions. Sir, first, our balance 
sheet is in the best of shape. How should we look at incremental growth capex, specifically in 
Maharashtra? If you can also qualitatively help us understand how you are planning to start 
from downstream, then upstream, land acquisition. I think that's the first question. Second 
question -- sir, I'll just wait over here. I'll let you answer, then I'll come with the second 
question. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Yes. So, absolutely, as you said, exactly the first process is on land acquisition, and a 
substantial portion has been acquired already, but we still expect most of this year to go into 
land acquisition. And then we will start, as you mentioned. First, we would like to put up 
downstream capacity, and subsequently, very fast come up with upstreaming as well. But I 
would still -- still every day this is being worked upon, and probably we need another few 
months to come out with a clear-cut plan. But absolutely, as of now, land acquisition is in full 
force in Maharashtra at the moment. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Great. And sir, what should be the capex number that one should bake in for '27 and '28 overall 
at the company level? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Not per se Maharashtra, you're saying, you're saying overall now. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
For FY27, our capex guidance is around INR2,600 crores for FY27. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And sir, for '28? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
We will come back to you with that one. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Sir, just moving to the second question. How should we look at the profitability of 
RKEF? I think it would be throwing amazing cash flows right now. Possible to give some 
color over here, its contribution at the EBITDA level. How should we read into it? That's the 
second question, first part. And the second question, the second part is 1.2-million-ton slab 
from Indonesia, basically, how should we look at the contribution on the numerator and the 
denominator when we look at incremental EBITDA per ton? 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So, RKEF business, that is the nickel business. Even in the past, we have discussed that when 
we made the investments, I mean just to recall that strategically it is more for the raw material 
security. But yes, from the return point of view, it's a bit of a volatile business. In the past, we 
had given guidance that anything from $500 to $1,500 per ton of nickel, which is the kind of 
EBITDA we can expect. But with the sharp increase in nickel in the last quarter, the actual 
EBITDA has come around $3,000 per ton. But Ritesh, these things keep on changing very fast 
because Indonesian government also, they keep on adjusting the nickel ore prices also 
accordingly. 
There are also formulas that keep on changing, but this is the current position on it, the current 
financial numbers are. Now so far as melt shop is concerned so we intend to bring the slabs 
over here and process in India. In a way, I mean it's like putting a melt shop there in place of 
over here, strategically placing ourselves in order to be at a place where the nickel is. So that 
whatever EBITDA guidance we are providing, that will have the value chain, including from 
the… 
Management: 
Yes. So taking that into account, also we've given the 18 to 20 for H1 guidance. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And Khulbe sir, just to get a clarification on the $3,000 per ton number, I understand, 
please correct me if I'm wrong, 200 kt is 14% nickel content. So are we looking at 28 kt $3,000 
into our stake of, say, 50% or is that the right to look at it? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Ritesh, it varies. I mean, like it depends upon -- see, the ore quality also keeps on changing, 
and accordingly, the nickel output also keeps on changing. But whatever the nickel production 
comes out, for the last quarter it was around $3,000 per ton. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, what I'm trying to appreciate is the underlying EBITDA per ton if we had to strip out this 
nickel volatility. So that's what I was trying to -- if you could help understand that. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Angad Khurana will get back to you with this calculation. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure, sure. Just coming to the next question. Sir, you did indicate on incremental HRAP and 
CRAP capacities. Are we looking at some imbalance over, say, the next 6 months till the 
HRAP facility comes up in Jajpur, or if you could help us with the timeline by month for 
HRAP as well as CRAP, just to appreciate the mass balance. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Yes, Ritesh. So one thing I appreciate is your concern. But some of our equipment, which we 
have invested in the past, has the capability of doing both HRAP as well as CRAP. So that 
gives us the flexibility. And also depending upon the requirement, our investments in 
Indonesia give us the flexibility to get the coils in case of a slab. So, the possibility also 
remains with us. So we are confident of balancing our needs as the market demands. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And just last question I'll squeeze in. Sir, you indicated a lot of gases in your starting 
remarks, which potentially had some impact on the operations. How are we looking to mitigate 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
this, assuming the Middle East situation doesn't improve? Any mitigation measures that you 
would like to highlight that would be? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
We already put our effort in asking, Mr. Ritesh. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So, Ritesh, it is like this. I mean when this disruption happened post the -- as soon as the war 
started, at that moment our primary gases and fuel in both our indicated steel plants at Jajpur 
and Hisar was propane and LPG. Whereas in our Chromeni, Mundra plant, natural pipe gas we 
use as a fuel. Then, what we realized was that on the LPG, the government straightaway put a 
ban because they wanted to keep it, or they allocated those quantities for public use, not for 
industrial use. 
But on the natural gas, there was a disruption. They reduced the quantity, but now it has 
stopped. And very quickly we found them increasing the availability of the natural gas. 
Looking at this, we realized that we need to diversify ourselves in our Jajpur plant. Already, 
we have worked on using natural gas, and a portion of it, in fact, we have started using it, 
which we will gradually increase. We are working on it. Hisar plant also we are looking in the 
longer term what can be done. And even in Jajpur and other places, coal gasification plants and 
syngas are also. These are also the possibilities. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
East India, we will look towards coal gasification and syngas, pipe natural gas wherever we 
can include, and also to replace ammonia, we are going for green hydrogen. So already in 
Jajpur, the 600 mm cube plant will be up and running in June, July, and Hisar also at 90 will 
increase to 400 almost in the next few months. So that way on all fronts to ensure that this 
impact doesn't come, we're already working on it. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Even in our Ghaziabad plant, we are now working on that. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Pipe gas for Ghaziabad. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So in a way, we have started taking actions on multiple fronts. So that in the future we are not 
impacted by any disruption. At least our risk is mitigated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pinakin from HSBC. 
Pinakin: 
Given the 1.2 million ton Indonesian JV has now been commissioned, can you again walk us 
through how that facility will be utilized, whether you'll bring it to India or sell it from there 
and how the accounting will work? I mean, should we assume that the entire flow through into 
EBITDA and then a minority interest going out, or a 50% attributable? Just trying to 
understand that. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So at this stage, our intent is to bring the slabs to India and then process them over here. 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Kapil Arora: 
And from the accounting perspective, since it is a subsidiary so it will get line by line 
consolidated in our numbers. And as per the accounting standard, the minority share will be 
calculated and shown separately. 
Pinakin: 
Understood. So does the FY27 guidance of 8% to 10% and INR18,000 to INR20,000 EBITDA 
per ton build into some volumes from this facility? 
Kapil Arora: 
Yes. So our business plan is accordingly built. So the guidance of 7% to 9% on the volume and 
INR18,000 to INR20,000 on the EBITDA per ton factors that. 
Pinakin: 
My second question is on Indonesia, right? There has been a lot of noise and news about 
policy intervention from the government, whether it is on nickel or on coal. So what is the 
company's view of the regulatory outlook or the framework over there? And what are -- are 
there any potential risks to the Indonesian operations from any change in policy? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
No. So that is exactly why, if you see, our timing was absolutely on point because we already 
started hearing the Indonesian government talking of restrictions, talking of duty, which is why 
at Stage 1, we went and invested in our RKEF. So that Indonesian government was talking 
about banning nickel ore export. So that way we invested in NPI. Now, the government is 
already talking about further valuation that should happen in Indonesia, further restrictions that 
you yourself are saying could come, which is why we took that step and went and invested in a 
steel melt shop there also -- stainless steel melt shop there also.  
And now even the Government of India is encouraging this kind of investment because they 
have realized that nickel is not available in the country. 70% to 75% of the world's nickel 
supply comes from Indonesia, so it was an absolutely logical step for a company of our size to 
go to Indonesia. And because we've taken these measures, we feel no restriction from the 
Indian government or the Indonesian government should come on Jindal Stainless. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikash Singh from ICICI Securities. 
Vikash Singh: 
Sir, my first question is, after all these renewable power things which we are doing, how 
should we look at the acceptability of our products in the European market, which is currently 
going through the CBAM process? Have we got any data or the -- like steel got EUR75 kind of 
the CBAM cost. Have we got anything like that? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
That is similar. I think the default value they're putting on all metal companies. So on steel, 
stainless steel at the moment is a similar kind of value, like you're saying. Apart from that, I 
think we are all waiting for verifiers to get appointed by the European Union. So that is 
something that has to be taken care of on their end. We, as a company, are completely geared 
up. Already 85% plus on scrap, moving more and more to renewable energy, green hydrogen, 
working with our suppliers already to work on their supply chain to add more green products. 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
So we are absolutely ready as a company. We have already gone and got scores of various 
agencies, domestic and international. So we're actually waiting for the European Union to give 
us some more information, show us more -- I would say show us more light of the way 
forward because we as a company have done pretty much everything, or most things are in the 
pipeline at the moment. 
Vikash Singh: 
Noted, sir. Sir, my second question pertains to our basically mix. If I'm not incorrect, 
previously we were supposed to get the Indonesian slab, get it rolled here, and then sell it in 
the market. However, considering your guidance, it doesn't seem like either we are utilizing 
that facility fully or the domestic facility to the full extent. So, I just wanted to understand how 
we should think of it? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
See, the melt shop has just come online right now. So any melt shop does take time to stabilize 
and to give output. So that's why we are quite confident in our balancing, I would say, Mr. 
Khulbe. And we have that combo line. So we are -- the way the market demands, we are quite 
flexible to change our product range also. 
Vikash Singh: 
Noted. Sir, let me put it in another way. So, if I should look at including the Indonesia capacity 
and the timelines between your Maharashtra facility may come up, shall we assume that for the 
next 3 to 4 years we would probably more like a 9% to 10% volume growth story before the 
Maharashtra comes in, even though the international situation normalizes? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So we have already given the statement that by FY29, we are targeting to be a player of around 
3.5 million, which takes -- which answers practically all your questions. Yes, 3.5 billion sales 
because all our capex whatever we have announced, they are aligned to that. And this is after 
taking care of all our investments declared in the past and recently, what we have announced. 
And all that is going to take care of it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Renjith Sivaram from Mahindra Manulife Mutual Fund. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Just wanted to understand, like what are the cost pressures? If you can just give us some color 
on what our dependence is, how much of LPG or natural gas we are dependent on, and how 
much the cost of these has increased, and is there any quantification to that? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So, in terms of cost, as we mentioned, it has gone up close to 2.5x to 3x of what we were 
paying. I'm not understanding the first part in terms of how much we consume, you are asking? 
Renjith Sivaram: 
Yes, yes. So that we are able to quantify that? You have told that… 
Tarun Khulbe: 
No, honestly, I don't have those figures with me right now. And that is something that we 
possibly would not like to share. That's why even with this cost increase, I'm giving you the 
EBITDA per ton guidance of 18 to 20, factoring in this cost increase. 
Renjith Sivaram: 
So we are able to pass on these prices. That's what you mean to say. 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Tarun Khulbe: 
No, I'm not saying that either. Some cases we are, some cases we are not. And we have to look 
at our competitors in mind also. So, leading to all these factors, like I said, sometimes we are, 
sometimes we are not, and that's why the blended rate is something that we're quite confident 
of achieving. And there's so much uncertainty that you don't know what will happen. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Sir, some follow-up questions to some of the earlier questions have been asked. So the 
Indonesian SMS is now up and running. The Jajpur HRAP will come later in the year. So you 
do have the capability to maybe get some coils. Just trying to understand the scenarios you're 
looking at for FY27. You're also looking at a possibility that you get some slab and give it on a 
job work basis till the HRAP comes. And is that part of the guidance you're looking at for 
FY27? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So, FY27 guidance, volume guidance, we have already provided, which is 7% to 9%, and that 
takes care of all these uncertainties. But already we made a statement that we have equipment 
which can do both HRAP as well as CRAP on one hand and also we are having the possibility 
of getting the calls from outside directly from Indonesia. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So basically you've given EBITDA per ton guidance for 1H. But if we look at the entire year, 
this getting slab because you have the capability will not impact EBITDA per ton on those 
volumes? Just trying to understand volumes. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So, the volume we have given is EBITDA H1. Probably when Mr. Jindal was giving, he also 
stated that there is so much uncertainty of the cost movements, this gas availability and 
movement, and that is why we said that we are providing this volume guidance for the whole 
year and EBITDA guidance for H1, but then we'll be reviewing it at the H1, and then basis the 
situation, we can revise the price. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. And the 3.5 million ton you've guided to for FY29, if we look beyond FY29 also, do 
you need Maharashtra for further volume growth beyond '29 or with the existing capacity, how 
do we look at volume growth beyond '29? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Definitely after FY29, Maharashtra is going to be our major focus, but that doesn't mean that if 
there is any delay at the Maharashtra level, we will not be able to add further equipment in 
Hisar and Jajpur or even Mundra now. So we feel quite comfortable that we'll be able to 
maintain our market share in the future as well. 
Kapil Arora: 
We'll keep on evaluating the situation and basis that. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
There is potential to grow in other plants, but we would prefer that most of the growth after 
FY29 comes towards Maharashtra, but we are open to all kind of options. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
And lastly, what's the status of the blast furnace? 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So that is not part of JSL so we don't really discuss that on this call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 360 ONE. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Sir, my question is 2 parts. Firstly, for FY26, what is the breakup between 200, 300, and 400 
series? 
Angad Khurana: 
So for FY26: 200 series was around 37%, 300 series was 46% and 400 series was 18%. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes. So my second part is that if you look at the 400 series, which I think a couple of years ago 
you were talking about as a very fast-growing space, and the infrastructure series, and we were 
quite optimistic on that. If you look at it over the years, it has come down from 27% to 18%. 
Now, while you highlight the infrastructure products, etcetera, in your presentation, is that a 
matter of concern that this 400 series is falling over the year? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Well, 400 series, definitely, we wanted to grow at the same time as the business evolves, as the 
market requirements and demand evolve, that also -- accordingly, we also have to change our 
product mix. So, under the current products, what we are dealing with, under the current 
market demand, what we have, and as you can see, that 92% of our market share is from the 
domestic, yes, that is not allowing us to go very aggressively on the 400 series. Eventually, we 
have to meet the requirements, but we'll keep working. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
And if you see already like a small example, but already the year average was 18, but already 
Q4, the 400 series picked up from 19 to 20. So as a company, our focus is EBITDA 
maximization and we have to fulfill the requirements of the domestic market and customers. 
And then always development efforts are towards 400 series. Auto is picking up, infra will 
pick up also in the next few years. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
And just to add, while in terms of percentage for FY25, the 400 series was 17% and for FY26, 
it is 18%. So while you see only 1%, this increase is at a higher volume on a larger base. So 
that is also the situation. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So would it be safe to assume that we can assume a creeping increase in this percentage over a 
period of time? Is that the effort for the 400 series? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
We have seen that in our performance also. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And that would be positive for EBITDA per ton, right? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Absolutely. Like I said, if it is not going to add value to our EBITDA per ton, then we would 
not do it only. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. My second question was you've talked about Jindal Defense and Aerospace separately 
this time in a commercial order. Now I was going to the website of this company and it has a 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
lot of potential. What is the size of this company and are we looking at -- and do we have any 
plan down the line? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
That it's not a different entity. It's part of JSL only. So it's not a company that we've created, 
which is given to create a more of a presence and a branding kind of play. So it's part of the 
whole entire JSL setup. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So it's not a separate company. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
No. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul Panjwani from 40 Cents. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
Sir, what is the expected timeline and ramp-up curve, and the cost advantages you have from 
the Indonesian plant? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
See, the Indonesian plant was purely for nickel resources and nickel-bearing grades. That was 
the reason we went to Indonesia with all the restrictions we foresee coming. And now they are 
like the world leaders in nickel production. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
Sir, I was actually trying to understand how it will impact our EBITDA per ton margins over 
the next 12 months? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
We've already guided. See, with everything encompassing our Indonesia investment, our 
domestic investments, and expansion, all of that we're giving guidance of 18 to 20 till H1 of 
this year. And then closer to H1 of this year, again we will come back with fresh guidance if 
we see a big change happening. So Indonesia is factored in this EBITDA per ton. 
Mehul Panjwani: 
So basically, sir, because I'm new to tracking this company, what kind of EBITDA per ton 
benefit will we see in the next 6 months? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
INR18,000 to INR20,000 EBITDA per ton for the entire stainless steel business, INR18,000 to 
INR20,000 EBITDA per ton is the guidance for the entire stainless steel business. I would 
maybe suggest you spend some time with the IR team to get up to speed with all the other 
things otherwise understanding will take little longer time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rakesh Roy from Boring AMC. 
Rakesh Roy: 
My first question is, sir, can you light on the Rathi performance for the whole year and Q4 in 
terms of revenue and EBITDA? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
The Rathi for the whole year operated at around 80%, 85% capacity utilization. And in this 
plant, as we had spoken in the past, we intend to produce more stainless rebars, which for the 
last quarter was around 25% of the total volume. And this we are increasing gradually even as 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
we are finding even within the various agencies, the policy level decisions as well as coming 
for making in the coastal area usage of rebars mandatory. And otherwise, so far as the overall 
performance is concerned, Rathi is also a part of the total business EBITDA per ton, whatever 
we have given. All that is included in that. Subsidiaries, we have not been discussing 
separately. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Right. Just to know, sir, Rathi is now EBITDA positive for Q4 or for your whole year? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Yes, company is EBITDA positive. 
Rakesh Roy: 
Right, sir. Next question just to know, sir, due to the shortage of sulfur or rise in sulfur prices, 
any impact on our Indonesia business in terms of production or anything? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
No. So in our business of nickel production, sulfur is not directly used. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual Fund. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
I wanted to understand the model that we want to pursue after the Indonesian slab becomes 
operational. We have been sort of utilizing around 85% scrap, and that gives us sort of the 
green advantage. At the same time, we are also now thinking about bringing the slab into India 
and using it in our process. So what is the intended scrap utilization post Indonesia becomes 
fully operational? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So the idea of going to Indonesia was because globally around 70%, 75% of stainless steel 
even today is produced using NPA as -- nickel in the form of NPI. And of course 30% 
approximately is produced scrap as an input. We as a company now have both possibilities 
because in India we have the capacity to use the scrap as much as possible, and now we have 
the possibility of bringing in slabs from Indonesia through the NPI route. So we will be 
balancing the 2 and depending upon our customer requirement, accordingly we can use the 
product and produce the product. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
So we may not necessarily bring the entire 1.2 million ton slab into India. And in that case if 
you don't bring it to India, then what would be the alternate route of monetization and what 
kind of EBITDA we'll make on that? That will be on top of the INR18,000 to INR20,000, 
correct? 
Tarun Khulbe: 
At this stage, our plan is to bring in. It has just started. So right now, whatever our plan is to 
bring the quantities to India. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
It's a follow-up on the same. I was just checking in terms of what kind of -- out of the 1.2 
million ton utilization, what kind of the throughput level that we are assuming for FY27 for the 
Indonesia melt facility? 

 
 
 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
 
 
May 05, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Tarun Khulbe: 
So now the ramp-up has started. We believe that gradually the ramp-up will take place and up 
to 70%, 80% of the capacity should ramp up in this financial year. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Abhyuday Jindal for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Thank you, everybody. In closing, I'm proud to share that we achieved a stable and resilient 
performance despite the challenges of a dynamic external environment. Resilient demand 
across key sectors coupled with our sharp focus on value-added products and unwavering 
customer focus drove our achievements this quarter.  
Despite uncertainties in global trade, we remain committed to our long-standing customer 
relationship across the globe. Our agile business model continues to differentiate us and help 
us deliver sustained growth in a volatile geopolitical environment. 
I hope that we've been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. Should you need any 
further clarification or would like to know more about the company, please feel free to contact 
our Investor Relations team. Thank you once again for joining. 
Tarun Khulbe: 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
