 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE: 
Duggirala, Guntur Dist. 522330, A.P., India. | CIN L15110AP1961PLC000874 
 +918644 277294  |      info@continental.coffee |  
   www.cclproducts.com | 
  www.continental.coffee 
 
 
Date: 11.05.2026 
 
To 
The Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: CCL 
To 
The Corporate Relations Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 
Scrip Code: 519600 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Conference Call held to discuss the financial results of Q4 FY 
2025-26 as required under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
With reference to the above-mentioned subject, we wish to inform that: 
 
i) The copy of the Transcript of the Conference call held on Friday, 08th May, 2026 to discuss the 
results of the fourth quarter of the financial year 2025-26 is enclosed herewith. 
 
ii) The Transcript is also uploaded on the Company's Website and the web-link for the same is:  
 
https://www.cclproducts.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/05/Q4-Earnings-Call-transcript-2025-26.pdf  
 
iii) The List of Management attendees is stated in the transcript. 
 
iv) No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was discussed in the call. 
 
This is for your information and necessary records. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sridevi Dasari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
SRIDEVI 
DASARI
Digitally signed by 
SRIDEVI DASARI 
Date: 2026.05.11 
16:44:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“CCL Products (India) Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 08, 2026 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHALLA SRISHANT – MANAGING DIRECTOR –  
 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. B. MOHAN KRISHNA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
 
CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAVEEN JAIPURIAR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. CHAITHANYA AGASTHYARAJU -- CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
 
MS. SRIDEVI DASARI – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – CCL PRODUCTS (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DIPAK SAHA – ASHIKA INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
 
 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to CCL Products (India) Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ashika Institutional Equities. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that, this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dipak Saha from Ashika Institutional Equities. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Saha. 
Dipak Saha: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Ashika Institutional Equities, it's 
indeed a great pleasure to host the 4Q FY '26 and full year '26 earnings call of CCL Products 
Limited. 
 
Joining us today to discuss the earnings for the fourth quarter and full year ended 31st March 
2026 are Mr. Challa Srishant, Managing Director; Mr. Praveen Jaipuriar, Chief Executive 
Officer; Mr. B Mohan Krishna, Executive Director; Mr. Chaithanya Agasthyaraju, Chief 
Financial Officer; and Ms. Sridevi Dasari, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. We 
thank the management for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Praveen sir for his opening remarks, post which we'll 
open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. Over to you, Praveen sir. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes. Thank you, Dipak, and thank you team Ashika Institutional Securities for hosting this call. 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the fourth conference call of FY '25-'26. And 
now let me give a brief overview of the company's performance for the fourth quarter ending 
year gone by. 
 
The group has achieved a turnover of INR1,226.39 crores for the fourth quarter as compared to 
INR839.65 crores for the corresponding quarter of the previous year, achieving a growth of 46%. 
The EBITDA stands at INR193.76 crores as against INR167.1 crores, which is a growth of 16%, 
while the profit before tax is INR123.1 crores growing at 16% and the net profit stands at 
INR114.53 crores with a growth of 12%. As far as the full year is concerned, the group has 
achieved a turnover of INR4,465.80 crores as compared to INR3,114.2 crores for the 
corresponding previous year, achieving growth of 43%. 
 
The EBITDA stands at INR741.38 crores as against INR563.54 crores, which is a growth of 
32%, while the profit before tax is INR460.74 crores, growing at 31% and the net profit stands 
at INR388.11 crores with a growth of 25%. The domestic business has achieved a gross turnover 
of INR650 crores, approximately out of which the brand sales were around about INR440 crores. 
And now Continental as a brand is well established as the number 3 player in the country. And 
in some regions and platforms, we are also the number 2 player. And we will look to further 
strengthen this position in the coming months and years. 
 
As far as green coffee prices are concerned, they remain to be stable as of now, which is a good 
sign. The Brazilian crop is around the corner. And with the positive news of good supplies, we 
have a belief that the prices could further soften in the coming months. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
The Middle East crisis does pose a challenge with a bit of supply disruptions and energy price 
increase, but we have managed the situation well and do not see much of disruption going 
forward. 
 
I will just ask Chaithanya, our CFO, to give a little bit of color on the balance sheet performance, 
post which we will open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Chaithanya Agasthyaraju: Good morning, everyone. Adding to what is highlighted by CEO, we are closing the financial 
year on a very strong note with revenue and profit both growing significantly for the quarter and 
for the full financial year. 
 
A key area of focus for us this year has been strengthening the balance sheet. We always 
delivering very good operational results with the CAGR of close to 20%. What we have done 
this year is to ensure that the operational results get translated into a real balance sheet strength. 
 
The balance sheet right now is much cleaner and a lot healthier with healthy cash flows and debt 
coming down significantly. The net debt as of 31st March is around INR1,073 crores, a reduction 
of more than INR750 crores from last year. Debt to equity is at 0.5 compared to 0.92 a year ago. 
Net debt to EBITDA is at 1.45 right now compare to 3.1 a year ago. With that, hand over to 
Dipak for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Abhishek Mathur from Systematix. 
Please go ahead.  
Abhishek Mathur: 
So just wanted to check what would be our volume growth for the quarter? Also has the EBITDA 
per kg, which is a key metric we track, has it come down to a level of about 130, which is a bit 
down sequentially from maybe the 140 that we saw in the previous quarter? And what is driving 
the strong realizations on the top line for us to have clocked this kind of growth? Thanks. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Abhishek, just to clarify -- sorry, the first thing that you asked was on this thing -- if you can... 
Abhishek Mathur: 
On volume growth, sir. On the volume growth for the quarter? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes, yes. So our volume growth has been -- and I'm speaking on a little larger four quarter 
perspective has been in the range of 18%, 20% this year, and the quarter was also very similar. 
So volume growth stands at that level. And EBITDA per kilo, again, probably this quarter was 
a little bit of a down considering the proportion of coffee that you sell, because if you would 
have seen last quarter, much higher high-margin coffees were sold. But on an annual basis, in 
fact, the EBITDA per kilo has improved from previous year. So that's an improvement. 
 
And as we have been guiding most of the time, some of these key metrics on a quarter level may 
not give the right picture. So while a sequential drop a bit, but I don't think so that there's much 
to read into that on an annual basis, in fact, the per kilo EBITDA has improved. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Just a follow-up second question, sir. What -- so we have earlier given the guidance for 10% to 
20% volume growth and maybe a 15% to 20% EBITDA growth. Anything changing for FY '27? 
How is our guidance looking now? 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So the guidance is very similar. Probably we are giving a guidance of both volume at around 
15% and even EBITDA at around 15%. So that will be the thing. While things have stabilized, 
quite a few things have stabilized since the last year. But keeping the other volatility in mind, 
we are sticking to the volume growth guidance of 15% and the resultant EBITDA growth will 
also be in the same region. 
Abhishek Mathur: 
Great, sir. And finally, the guidance of the India business and also any capex thoughts that we 
have -- capacity expansion thoughts that you have right now? That's it from me. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So while there have been discussions, we are looking at things related to capacity. But as far as 
next 2 years are concerned, we are generally good for our growth aspirations, our capacities are 
good. But there could be certain areas where we would like to kind of see if the grows are more, 
for example, we are seeing better utilization for freeze dried. So if that is happening much faster 
-- at a much faster rate, the utilization, we could look at not necessarily a capacity expansion, 
but maybe a strategic tie-up or things like that. 
 
But these are things we will be able to comment on when we come closer to a decision on date. 
Obviously, there are discussions that keep happening on a regular basis. But on a largely on a 
long-term basis for the next 2 years, we are good as far as capacity is concerned. 
 
As far as domestic business is concerned, as I told in the narrative that out of the INR650 crores 
that we did in the India business, INR440 crores were the retail business, the branded business. 
And we'll continue to drive similar growth in the coming years also. We are seeing very good 
traction in a lot of areas. And it is important at this stage that we keep driving those growth 
traction. So that will automatically come through. So we'll keep up the momentum on the 
branded business as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhay from Carnelian Capital. 
Abhay: 
So I just wanted your outlook on the D2C business segment firstly. Secondly is the margin 
contraction, can that entirely be attributed to the coffee prices? And in general also, what's your 
outlook on coffee prices in the coming quarters? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So I'll answer your second question first and then come to the first one. The second question, 
there actually is no margin contraction. So the margin contraction that you see is basically 
because we are seeing EBITDA as a percentage to top line, and therefore, it is only optical in 
nature as we have always maintained that our business works on per kilo EBITDA where there 
is no contraction. 
 
But because the prices -- coffee prices increase and we are modeling as a cost-plus model, 
therefore, it seems that the top line kind of in times of rising coffee prices looks -- the growth 
looks more inflated. So let's say, if you take the 46% growth top line, it is a combination of 18%-
20% volume growth and another 20%-25% of coffee prices increase that gets built into top line. 
 
And therefore, EBITDA as a percentage top line looks contracted, but it is not because what will 
happen, the opposite will happen probably going forward when in the base, you have higher 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
green coffee prices and going forward, the green coffee prices could soften. And therefore, you 
may see in spite of 15% volume growth, you may see lower value growth. 
 
But what we always say that, how the basic metrics to be looked upon is the volume growth, the 
EBITDA growth and are growing in line with each other or not. And that's the guidance we are 
giving for the future that in line with the volume growth of 15%, around about that number. We 
also look to drive EBITDA also in the same region. 
 
So that's the answer to your second question. And therefore, what it means is that the volatility 
in coffee prices does not affect our margins because the moment we do contract, we do back-to-
back buying of green coffee, which means that we are guarded against any fluctuations, if at all 
it happens in the coffee prices. So that's the answer to your second question. 
 
The first question as far as D2C is concerned, we are doing extremely well on D2C. Most of the 
platforms, we are very strong with double-digit market share. And in a few of the platforms, we 
are also the number 2 player in the category. So we are doing extremely good approximately 
20% to 25% of our sales come form the online channel, which is very good -- very good marker 
for the business that we're doing. 
Abhay: 
Got it, sir. Another question was just the capex fund, but I think that's been answered already. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raj from Fident AMC. 
Raj: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on inventory days. Now I was just looking, I mean, because of 
the softening of coffee prices, the inventory days are almost for us are at historical lows. Do you 
see any further improvement in inventory days over the next 2 years, assuming that the coffee 
prices stay at these levels or even move down further from here? 
 
And secondly, I think, because we don't have any major capex for the next 2 years, our operating 
cash flow is actually going to be very strong. What is the management thinking about maybe 
going forward for utilizing these funds, whether it will be increasing dividend payouts or any 
acquisitions or any other thing? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So 2 things. First was about the inventory cycle. Of course, yes, you're right, lowering of coffee 
prices and the better visibility has helped us tighten the inventory cycles. And it's just not the 
inventory cycle, there are other efficiencies that we have been able to bring in, in most of our 
operations. 
 
So that's an ongoing process. Do we think that as a guidance, we would like to lower it from the 
place that it is? I don't think so we are giving guidance of lowering of inventory cycles from here 
on. We would love to kind of better it. Better it, of course, we'll do our best. But as a guidance, 
I would not like to kind of give a guidance of lowering it further from here because we will take 
it as things come along. So that's on this thing. 
 
Of course, yes, you have pointed it right. We will have cash flows coming in. Now as far as how 
do we utilize it, there is no commitment as of now, but things that you spoke about, most of the 
things we are thinking about. And we are thinking, yes, if there's an opportunity in the areas of 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
any good acquisition that comes our way, we would definitely love to evaluate those. And we'll 
make sure that we are using these flows to maximize the returns for the stakeholders in whatever 
way we can. 
Raj: 
Understood. I mean, just whether it will also be used for reduction in debt from here on, I mean, 
we are at... 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
It is actually, yes, yes, yes. So yes, of course, it won't come to 0, but definitely, there is a certain 
reduction that has already happened and a significant reduction. We were not -- last year, if you 
would have heard, our guidance was around INR1,400 crores, INR1,500 crores, but we have 
reduced it to INR1,080 crores, I think possibly around about that number. Maybe there could be 
a certain more reduction. But again, all will depend on because even our growth numbers are 
there, we are at 15% volume growth is what we are thinking. So which means that you require 
15% more working capital to fund this growth. 
 
So -- but how much of this gets offset by lower coffee prices and all that. So we will take things 
as it comes along, but definitely idea would be -- the long-term debts will anyways get paid. So 
there will be reduction in the long-term debt. 
 
Working capital will take it up as things come along. But definitely, all the efficiency measures 
are being put in place to improve the ratios and the parameters as much as possible. And maybe 
CFO saying that, probably with a 15% growth, probably INR1,100 crores, INR1,200 crores is 
the level that we probably could be seeing in the next year. 
Raj: 
Understood. Just lastly on capex again. So I mean, currently, what is our capacity utilization on 
a consol basis globally? I mean, you said that will be good for next 2 years, but for a new plant, 
would it be greenfield or brownfield? And I mean will it -- what time will it take for a new capex 
to come on board once we start executing it? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So first and foremost our annual utilization would be around 65% or so, a couple of percentage 
here or there. Last quarter was a little maybe 70%. So that's why I said we are good for another 
2 years. It does take 1.5 to 2 years to materialize the capex. But the thing is that whether it will 
be greenfield, brownfield, we go into a strategic tie-up, it will all depend on how things  shape 
up, there could be a scenario that we don't put our own capex, but we end up doing some sort of 
a capacity strategic tie-up or we end up buying capacity, underwriting capacity of somebody 
else or we may ourselves think that we want to put a brownfield, that also is on the cards. 
 
But all of this, it is a little too premature to talk to. We'll definitely keep you posted, if there is 
any development on this front because a lot could change as we go along, it depends on what 
kind of product the utilization is better. But at an aggregate level, we are good for 2 years, but it 
could happen that maybe on atypical type of product, we could be seeing better utilization than 
2 years. 
 
So it will all depend how things go from here. On a broad basis, yes, we are good for the year. 
What do we put next year, we are all evaluating and watching the situation very closely, how 
growth are panning on, which areas, which geographies, and accordingly, we'll take a decision 
going forward. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Raj: 
I was only asking from that point of view because we are hearing that Indian players are guiding 
-- I mean gaining significant market share globally plus our peers are also talking about strong 
volume growth. I was just trying to understand whether our volume growth, what we are guiding 
if we achieve materially higher than that, we should not be caught in the wrong foot in terms of 
having -- not having enough capacity there. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Absolutely. Yes. So that is an assurance we are giving that we will not let capacity come in way 
of growth. So we will make sure that we do kind of get the capacity required to fulfill our 
ambitions. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Kashyap Javeri from Emkay Investment Managers. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Congratulations team for great numbers. Just one question. I missed out on the number of capex 
for FY '27, if that was discussed, if you can repeat that number? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So, there is no capex for '27. We didn't say there would be any capex. As we have been 
maintaining next 2 years, there will be some maintenance capex of maybe INR25 crores to 
INR30 crores, INR35 crores, but these are very small capex. There is no planned big capex -- 
planned as of now for the next 2 years, so yes. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Trying to sort of reconcile this number. I think what Chaithanya mentioned was that our debt 
next year closing could be roughly about INR1,100 crores. Now let's say, our sales grow by 
about 15%, that's additional about INR700 crores of sales at about 120 days, that would need 
just about INR200 crores worth of cash. You add about INR50 crores, which will come from 
the maintenance capex. That should still leave a significant number in terms of free cash to repay 
the debt. So does that mean that we would retain cash on the book? Is that assumption correct? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Not really. So, Chaithanya is a little bit conservative considering the volatility that has been there 
in the market. So we would like to kind of are on the right side than on the wrong side. Definitely, 
as per your calculation, there will be cash in the book, as I said, there are multiple ways to figure 
out things, right now, while we're doing a lot of evaluation not wanting to commit on any one 
aspect or the other. But given a chance, obviously, we would like to retire debt rather than keep 
it on the books for long period of time. So that goes without saying. But we don't know, yes. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Understood. If coffee prices remain where they are, this ceteris paribus, the calculation is in the 
right direction. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
In the right direction absolutely. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Like, you said, there could be -- if there is any plus/minus in either of these assumptions, then 
obviously, what Chaitanya is saying could be. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
That could be, yes, yes, yes. 
Kashyap Javeri: 
Congratulations again for a great set of numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prithish Garg from Nuvama Wealth. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Prithish Garg: 
I would like to bring attention to a little bit about the business side of things. As we have seen 
the coffee market in India shift from spray-dried coffee to freeze-dried coffee and even to roasted 
blends. So what do you believe would be your plan to shift that demand in the company as well?  
 
And since we're also talking about DTC demand that has grown to 20% this year. So what is 
your plan on brand visibility as we again mention that freeze-dried coffee and roasted blends are 
usually focused, the buying is focused on brand visibility, like Blue Tokai and everything. Does 
Brand House usually acquire that share by creating the taste of coffee and focus towards 
premiumization? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes. So there was a little bit of disturbance in your voice. What I heard I'll try and answer that. 
And probably a couple of answers in your question as well. So the first thing is -- sorry there is 
a lot of... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Garg, please mute your line, sir. Mr. Garg, please mute your line, sir. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So what I was telling is that it happens in any category that there will be premiumization. So 
there is not a shift from spray-dried to freeze-dried, there is a large chunk of consumers who are 
still drinking spray-dried and continue to drink spray-dried. But yes, as it happens in any 
category, there is always a premiumization that happens. 
 
People are always upgrading to better coffee. And that leads to some of these shifts that where 
consumers are adopting freeze-dried coffee. And that's the reason we are pretty well equipped 
to cater to that demand. And that's the reason. And this, in fact, we had predicted a couple of 
years ago, and that's how we initiated capacity enhancement in freeze-dried as well. So that is 
always there. 
 
As far as the shift towards beans is concerned, if you see largely the consumption of beans is for 
out-of-home consumption. And in growing markets, the out-of-home consumption is growing. 
And therefore, the usage of beans is growing at a much faster pace. We largely are not into beans 
because that is something that we very localized. 
 
There is not much of value addition. So we don't see that market as a very big market for us. But 
yes, in the Indian context, we do supply to a lot of cafes and a lot of cafe chains, the beans, the 
roasted beans as well. So that is also something that we are seeing as growth drivers at least in 
the local Indian market. 
 
As far as your brand building activities question is concerned, yes, we are building the brand. 
We have developed certain strengths in certain categories and in some areas. So we are taking 
things forward. It's not necessary that all the categories we will be driving the growth. What we 
think that will give us the maximum impact are the categories that we are building. 
 
So like we started in South of India, we are strengthening our brand a lot there. And now we 
have started building traction in rest of South also. So we're getting good returns from markets 
like North and West, where our next growth momentum will come from. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
So all of that is part of our strategic initiatives going forward. But yes, there will be certain 
categories where we will not knowingly participate because we want to deploy the resources at 
the places where we think we'll get the maximum impact. So I don't know whether I have 
answered all your questions because there was some disturbance from the side, but this is our 
thought process. 
Moderator: 
Sir, the participant has left the queue. We will move on to the next question. From the line of 
Vivek Ganguly from TCG AMC. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
I had one quick question. Your debt in the balance sheet has come up very significantly INR700-
odd crores. But we do not see a corresponding reduction in the interest, the finance cost. Can 
you shed some light on that? 
Chaithanya Agasthyaraju: Sure. Vivek, last year we had a lot of interest capitalized because our Vietnam facility was not 
yet running last year, right? The interest was getting capitalized. If you take that interest, there 
is a significant reduction in the interest as well. 
Vivek Ganguly: 
Okay. And what would that number have been? And secondly, what is your cost of borrowing 
as we speak today? 
Chaithanya Agasthyaraju: So I may not be in a position to give you exact number that has got capitalized. That should be 
somewhere around INR25 crores-INR30 crores could be probably last year what got capitalized. 
The cost of borrowing right now hovers between 7to 7.5%, depending on where the borrowing 
happens. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Sonawala from Samaasa Capital. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Yes, sir. First of all, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I think last few years have been 
very good. Just a couple of questions. First question is, I think you guided 15% EBITDA growth 
and volume growth for the next 2 years. So is this with respect to contracts still being short-term 
or because it's such a specific item, are the customer giving you long-term guidance? Can you 
throw some light on that? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So yes, so things are changing now -- sorry, there is some noise that I can hear, I don't know 
where its coming from. But yes, so things are changing as coffee prices are stable, we are seeing 
a lot of long-term contracts. In fact, some of our freeze-dried capacity is quite long-term now. 
So that has given a very long-term picture. So there is a movement towards long-term contract, 
and therefore we can be fairly assured of the guidance that we are giving. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Okay. Understood. So just with respect to the guidance, again, I think this year, we ended up at 
30% growth in EBITDA, and the next year we are guiding 16%. Is that considering some 
conservatism and, keeping in mind coffee prices and other, probably issues that might happen? 
Or anyway, is there some change because we were guiding 20% and then we obviously revised 
it upwards to 25% in this year. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Right, right. So there are couple of things that went our way this year and probably, once it gets 
into their base, there may not be further improvement there. For example, this year our 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
proportion of freeze-dried was much higher, right. So that proportion may not get even higher 
next year. So therefore, that benefit we may not get. There are certain efficiencies that we had 
spoken about that may get built over a period of time. And some of them, got preponed a little 
bit because we were able to fasten some of these efficiencies. So that got built into the base as 
well. Some of the small packs where we were able to fasten the proportions there. 
 
Some of these things are already there in the base and therefore may not come as an additional 
thing going forward. So therefore, we have always guided that our EBITDA growth will be in 
line of volume growth. Since we have guided a volume growth of 15%, and we already have 
built the efficiencies into the bases and proportions into the bases, I don't see this adding onto 
anything that we have already built. And therefore, we are giving a guidance that EBITDA also 
will grow in line with the volume growth, which is around sort of 15%. 
Bhavya Sonawala: 
Okay. Got it. Just a last question, if I may squeeze in. On the branded business, what kind of 
growth do you think we'll be able to garner in the next few years or at least the next year? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So again branded business also this year, we got very, very handsome growth, which was on the 
back of volume as well as value. So volume was around 25%, 30%, and then we added another 
15%, 20% of value growth. This year, probably because post GST and post coffee prices 
softening, I don't see that advantage of value coming in. But we are still committed to driving 
25% kind of volume growth, which means that the value growth also will be in the same lines. 
So we are looking to drive that sort of growth going forward as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Richa from Equitymaster. 
Richa: 
My question is related to utilization at FDC capacity at Vietnam and the capacity enhancement 
that you have done at India. So what is the annual utilization? What is the run rate currently? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So I'll give you a broad picture. We don't kind of get into too much of details on capacity 
utilization. It works against us sometimes. But at a broad level annually, we have with everything 
put together, new old, everything put together, we are approximately 65% capacity utilization. 
And I cannot kind of go into details of Vietnam, India, but freeze-dried was a little higher 
utilization. As I told earlier also, the proportion of freeze-dried was better. So freeze-dried was 
higher than the average utilization, but average utilization remained at 65%. Last quarter was a 
little better at around 70%. So that's where it is. 
Richa: 
And sir, this year, normally, you guide for that our volumes and EBITDA grow in tandem. But 
this year, our EBITDA growth absolute was more than well above 30%, while volume growth 
was 18% to 20%. So I mean, I understand that there is a mix of FDC and small packs coming in 
here. But going forward, is there also a possibility that our EBITDA per kg could moderate given 
the product mix and the fact that when coffee prices soften a lot of non-premium customers or 
traders also come in to get that volume. So would that be a fair assumption? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
I think you asked a very precise question. Yes, there could be a possibility where it could soften. 
But as I have always maintained last time also, we were saying that we will try and kind of 
negate the pluses and minuses and keep it at the level that they are in, right? 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
So although technically, you are bang on when you say that there could be a situation where my 
proportion of FDC could increase. And as you rightly said, if the coffee prices are down, a lot 
of low-margin customers also come into the picture. So that could lead. But as I have told that 
we are continuously trying to build efficiency, small packs, trying to go to end customers. So all 
that will also help us, and we are very confident that we'll be able to, if at all, there is any negative 
impact negates to some of these actions. So hopefully, we will try and maintain the EBITDA per 
kilo going forward. 
Richa: 
Okay. Okay, sure. And sir, also from a 2 to 3-year perspective, what kind of guidance would 
you give for your domestic and domestic sales and branded business, especially? Where could 
it be as a proportion of the total business? And will that end up becoming a better growth driver, 
let's say, 3 to 5 years from now, sir? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Again, there are 2 aspects to it. One is that, yes, we are growing the business aggressively. What 
percentage to the total business will it become? I think that's not the right way to look at it 
because the other part of the business also we are growing aggressively. So that metric becomes 
irrelevant. What is relevant is that are we growing the B2C business much faster than the 
category? Are we gaining shares from our competitors or not? And are we making this business 
sizable enough for it to kind of give it back to the business? 
 
And we are well on to this and not only in India, we are now looking to expand our B2C business 
in some of the other geography as well. And hopefully, we will keep building on this vertical as 
fast as possible. Now going forward, let's say, now the India business has become quite sizable 
at INR400-odd crores, it is no longer a very small business. It is quite sizable when you look at 
from a very -- on an absolute term basis. Now we are looking to kind of every 3 years, we would 
love to kind of double this and say that, okay, where do we go from there. 
 
But -- and in the previous calls, we are also saying that we are also trying to see if there are some 
other categories we can kind of grow our business into. So a lot of our growth momentum will 
be dependent on how some of these things shape up. But yes, that's the intent that I would like 
to tell you that we are driving things very aggressively, not only in India, but trying to see if we 
can scale up outside India as well. 
And in India, can we get into some other categories as well. So all of them is being worked upon. 
And yes, as a proportion, we'll try and keep increasing the proportion as much as possible. 
Richa: 
Yes. So also, we keep investing back in the business as we grow at least for the next 3 to 4 years, 
right? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Absolutely. Our intent is that we don't want to make this business as of now. We'll keep investing 
back into the business going forward. 
Richa: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, my last question is if you could just guide us on the tax rate... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt you, ma'am. We'll take the next question from Naeem Patel from Bastion 
Research. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Naeem Patel: 
Congratulation on a good set of numbers. So I would just like to follow up on the last questioner's 
question that what the tax rate, what are we looking forward for that in next 2 to 3 years, 
considering we have capacity set up in Vietnam? That's my first question. 
 
And secondly, on the B2C side, we have international brands as well. What sort of initiatives 
are we taking in on that account as well? Those are the two questions from my side. 
Chaithanya Agasthyaraju: So regarding the first question the average tax rate at a consolidated level is a coalition of 
different, different -- multiple things. In the sense that we have entities which are at full tax, then 
we have a resident which operates at 15% tax, then we have a 115BAA entity, then again we 
have an entity which is completely not taxable. When we take an average tax rate at a 
consolidated level, you may have a bit of deviation year-on-year. Having said that, the average 
tax rate should be somewhere closer to 17%. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
International, you were talking about the international brand. So yes, Percol now this year in 
U.K. alone is approximately anything between INR25 crores-INR30 crores and there is a bit of 
India business as well. We are looking to expand, not penetrate not only in the U.K. market with 
Percol, but we are now actively looking to take this brand in some of the other geographies as 
well. So we're talking to a lot of our partners across countries that how could we take this brand 
in some of the other countries now seeing this getting established in the U.K. market. 
Naeem Patel: 
Understood. Just one last question on the cost of goods sold side. This quarter was on this spike 
in this quarter on year-on-year, this was largely due to the cost-plus model nature of the business 
and there is no inventory loss or anything. Is that correct way to look at it? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes, yes. Actually, it's not really about anything else because we work on cost plus. So the cost 
of goods sold could be dependent on the type of contract one is doing. So this quarter, we did a 
little bit of the proportion of lower margin contracts are higher. So the cost of good proportion 
is higher this quarter. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Dipak Saha from Ashika Institutional Equities. 
Dipak Saha: 
First of all congratulation on great set of numbers. My question is on the B2C side. So it's very 
heartening to know that on the quick commerce side, we are doing INR100 crores kind of a 
number for full year. So what I wanted to understand since there will be many markets where 
we would be mature in terms of compared to other micro-markets that we have gone? 
 
What broad understanding currently we have that, we are giving 30%, 35% discount and after 
considering commissions and all at MRP. Now are there levers to grow that particular number 
or improve our take rate on some of the mature markets and which can eventually impact our 
overall revenue and profitability? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes, yes, definitely. So Dipak, it's actually directly linked to the equity that we are building. 
Brands with higher equity will command better pricing, lesser discounts, right? Also discount is 
a thing of competition is the same. So what has happened is that because of the aggressive growth 
that we have been seeing, there is also a very heightened level of competitive activity. So we 
have to keep maintaining pace so that we don't lose ground that we have gained till now. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
So having said so, on a thumb rule basis as the markets mature, as the brands get stronger in 
terms of its equity, your margin profiles keep improving because then you are able to command 
a better pricing, right? So your discounts would be lesser and things like that. So that pattern 
will continue and more and more strength that we get, the more and more pricing power also we 
will get. 
Dipak Saha: 
Got it, sir. And sir, what's the feedback on the Malgudi brand that we launched for snacks in our 
vision to create multiple pillars in the consumer business? So what's the response there? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So the response is quite good there. We have done as I told very small 100, 150 stores kind of a 
pilot. There is a lot of response on various aspects. People have liked the product. There are 
certain variants where we are doing some product tweaking as well because there was certain 
feedback. And hopefully, in a couple of months' time, you should be seeing a more broader 
launch at least with some of the product categories. So yes, we are going to scale that up pretty 
soon. 
Dipak Saha: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last 2 questions very quickly. We have 65% capacity and utilization and probably 
we are at 50,000 kind of a number. I know you guided for 15% kind of volume growth, but let's 
assume if at all we get an opportunity 20% then next year -- next 2 years, 20% kind of an 
opportunity, that will be still under 72,000 tons kind of volume aggregate. So overall level, even 
if this kind of opportunity arises that would not be constrained to our capacity utilization, right? 
We'll be able to deliver that kind of growth? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Absolutely. Absolutely, Dipak, we'll be able to deliver that kind of growth we have that capacity 
and as I told earlier also we are also -- we are always on our toes-- we are making sure that any 
growth opportunity is not lost because of any capacity, even if it means that we have to do some 
strategic tie-ups, buy capacity from outside. And we have seen 4-5 years, 4 years ago when we 
were at 100% utilization, we did take that step to buy capacity from outside and not let the 
growth rates come down. So that goes without saying, we'll not let the growth suffer at all. 
Dipak Saha: 
Got it. Last question, sir, on the interest cost side to CFO, sir, we have INR130 crores interest 
against FY '26. Now given our debt is gross level INR1,280 crores, INR1,290 crores right? So 
at least on interest cost side against INR130 crores, probably INR110 crores, around that number 
would be easily we can pull up and can save INR18 crores, INR20 crores around for the year? 
Chaithanya Agasthyaraju: So we have a gross rate of probably around INR1,000 crores to INR1,200 crores levels next year 
as well, as indicated by CEO in one of the question. So if you take INR1,200 crores at an average 
rate of 7.5%, it translates to close to INR90 crores, INR95 crores. So somewhere around INR100 
crores would be an appropriate number is what I can give you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjaya Satapathy from Ampersand Capital. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Congratulations on doing so well. So my question is that there is a huge difference and volatility 
in your subsidiary performance that you report. And this quarter, for instance, the subsidiaries 
made hardly any profit, which is why the consolidated and standalone, there is not much of a 
difference in profit. And then this keeps fluctuating a lot. Can you explain that? That is one. 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
And the second thing is that it looks like there was a decisive shift in your revenue mix towards 
freeze-dried coffee. And that also you said that as a lower margin contract. Was it some kind of 
an entry strategy, which is why it is normally better profit should be expected out of the frozen 
-- freeze-dried, but it didn't materialize and it will reverse going forward? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
First and foremost is I think looking at subsidiary and trying to add that consolidated level is not 
the right way because the business is sort of centralized, wherein the production planning will 
have this thing to say that where -- what gets produced, which customer gets serviced from which 
this thing. 
 
The business development teams at subsidiary levels could be doing a higher margin business 
in some quarter, lower margin business in some other. So all of these play a role and therefore, 
the consolidated level is a better picture to see. And I won't read much into subsidiary 
performance. And therefore, you see sometimes the volatility in subsidiary performance. 
 
And the second part is freeze-dried. Yes, there was a higher proportion of freeze-dried, and this 
also depends on how the markets are shaping up. There are times when the demand for freeze-
dried goes up, there are times when demand. And actually 2-3 years ago, if you look at long-
term patterns, when the coffee prices are high, you will see that there is a little bit of a down 
trading and the coffee prices starts to soften up trading happens. 
 
So all these factors play a role in deciding what would be the proportion. And we keep tracking 
some of these trends that are evolving and accordingly, not only do our business, but also build 
our capacities. So that's how we kind of play on this. A lot of it is not driven by us, but it is 
dependent on the market forces. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Understood. And but typically to assume that the profit of freeze-dried is generally going to be 
higher? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes. Profit of freeze-dried is always higher than spray-dried. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Okay, okay. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
It's a more premium product, yes. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
There were some contract issue in this particular quarter? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Not contract issue. It's more of a phasing issue. So there are quarters when we will do because 
it is all dependent on which customer at what point of time wants their goods and all that. So 
quarterly, there could be variations in the proportion. Some quarter you'll see higher proportion 
of spray-dried, some quarter lower proportion. So yes, quarter-wise this variation come. And 
therefore, we always maintain that it is best to see us on a slightly long-term perspective because 
quarters could give you a little varied picture. 
Sanjaya Satapathy: 
Last question... 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Mr. Satapathy, I'm sorry to interrupt you, sir. I request you to kindly rejoin the queue for follow-
up, please. There are others who are waiting. We'll take the next question from Deepak from 
Sundaram Mutual Fund. 
Deepak: 
Sir, my first question is with respect to our exports. So could you please highlight like out of our 
total exports, how much would be FOB based? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Most of it, almost if I take exports, 70% of our sales would be FOB based, right? 
Deepak: 
Okay. And in the CIF-based contracts, are we facing any backlash from our customer to pass on 
the increase let say insurance or freight cost and since the Middle East started and we do export 
to U.S. and Europe as well. So any contract negotiation in terms of trade? Or are we able to fully 
pass on the logistics cost increase to them? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
No. So if you have done the contract on terms and conditions, you will have to take on that, 
right? So any increase or any this thing in cost in CIF contract is not a backlash it is a actually a 
stress on us. So if we go back to them ask for increases, but it not happen all the time. So not all 
the costs can get passed through especially in CIF contracts. 
Deepak: 
Okay. And sir, any disruption are we seeing, let's say, either in terms of any fuel availability or, 
let's say, shipping routes towards the Western exports? Or how are we managing it? Or is it like 
as of now, there is no such disruption that we have observed? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
A little bit about supply disruption to the clients that we were servicing in the Middle East for 
some time, but we haven't seen any route disruption because it was only the Strait of Hormuz 
which was closed, which is only for -- mostly for oil, not for goods and all. And yes, there has 
been certain increases in the logistics cost. There has been certain increases in the energy cost. 
So that is there. Availability wise, we haven't seen any challenge, but there are challenges in 
terms of cost pressures on certain accounts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Samay Sabnis from Helios Capital. 
Samay Sabnis: 
So when you're guiding for the volume growth of 15% next year, so then what is the blended 
utilization that we target to achieve in FY '27? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So when you say blended utilization, you are saying utilization of the capacity? 
Samay Sabnis: 
Yes. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So probably from 15% on the basis that you can do a back calculation. We are looking at 7,000 
to 10,000 additional tons of sales that could happen. 
Samay Sabnis: 
So like you said 65%, right, for FY '26... 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes. 65% will go to around 72%, 73%, If I were to be very specific. 
Samay Sabnis: 
Okay. And then that becomes to what level in FY '28, which is when you look for... 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
We are in the range of 78%, so that will around 80%, 82%, 85% maybe. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yogansh from Mittal Analytics. 
Yogansh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, most of the questions have been answered. Just 
one follow-up on your branded B2C business. So like it has been scaling really well. Last quarter, 
you mentioned about an EBITDA positive. So going forward, what is your expectation? Can we 
expect the EBITDA to increase? Or would you like to still maintain it and pull back the money 
to grow the business further? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
Yes. So we'll keep maintaining the same percentage level, which means that a large portion of 
it will be pulled back. As I was mentioning that we are looking at new regions, new categories. 
So we'll try to kind of develop that also. So it will be in an investment mode in the next 3-4 
years. 
Yogansh: 
Got it. And sir, broadly, can you also quantify what was the proportion of small packs in our 
overall business? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So largely, it is around 20% or so. It used to be -- and I'm talking about broad this thing because 
on a very small quarterly basis becomes difficult to assess. But largely, it is in that zone. If you 
remember, 2-3 quarters or, let's say, last year, we were talking about a number around 15% or 
so. So it has increased and that has also helped us improve our profitability. 
 
And going forward, we are also -- and we have -- last time we had spoken that we are trying to 
see if we could go up the value chain as much as possible for a lot of more of our clients. So that 
endeavor will continue. And we'll try and see if we can improve upon this going forward. 
Yogansh: 
Fair enough, sir. And just last one, if I can squeeze in. The new markets that you want to enter 
for your branded business, by when can we expect that? And what kind of scale should we think 
about those businesses? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So this one is a little tough to answer, but just to give you a little color that where -- what are we 
trying. So of course, there is one market, which is the U.S. market, which we are actively 
evaluating that whatever the ways and means to enter that market. Vietnam is one more market 
which we are evaluating that because we have our setup there. So it makes a lot of sense to see 
if we can build something there. 
 
Now what is the scale that we want to build, that's a little tough to answer. But if I were to say 
U.K., let's say, it's already a INR30 crores, INR25 crores, INR30 crores kind of revenue, we 
probably are looking to kind of get to INR100 crores within 2 years or 3 years or so. So that's 
the kind of scaling up we will try and do there. As far as the other markets like U.S. and Vietnam, 
it's a little premature to comment on this kind of scaling because let us seed them first and see 
what is the kind of traction we are getting. 
 
I'm sure there are certain markets where we will go wrong as well. So it's not everywhere or 
everything that we do will be bang on. So a lot will evolve and closer to our evolution and our 
understanding that what is going right, what is not going right, we probably will be able to give 

 
 
CCL Products (India) Limited 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
you a sense of scale. But whatever I can, I've given you a scale that how we are looking to build 
up some of these markets. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kenneth Mendonca from TCG AMC. 
Kenneth Mendonca: 
I just wanted some color about for our B2C business about how the non-South growth has been? 
And secondly, while you have mentioned briefly about reinvesting profit generally, what is the 
medium-term profitability trend for the business? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
The B2C business? 
Kenneth Mendonca: 
Yes. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So of course, the non-South business is growing at a faster pace now. Yes, the bases are still 
very, very small, but we are putting a lot more effort into these markets to make sure that we 
build a sizable base here as well. As we speak, our market shares are also seeing positive 
movements in some of the key cities like Delhi, Bombay. So probably our efforts are also bearing 
fruits in these markets. So we are actively seeking to grow at a much higher clip in these markets 
than the South markets. So that is there. 
 
As far as the profitability, I already mentioned that we probably are at around 4%, 5% EBITDA 
level. We'll keep the EBITDA levels there so that all the additional profits are plowed back into 
building the brand and growing the business. So that will be our model. So next 2-3 years, I don't 
think so we will look to. So we'll keep the EBITDA levels at the same percentage level. 
Kenneth Mendonca: 
Sure, sir. And my last question is just given that you mentioned that we are seeing heightened 
costs due to freight insurance and given that largely we are an export business. Do we expect 
any sort of impact on margins despite the guidance you've given? 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So of course, last quarter, there was a bit of an impact, a little impact that we saw. But what I 
see as we speak, I'm seeing much more stability and hopefully, we'll keep our fingers crossed 
that things only improve from here. 
 
So we don't see much of -- because since 100% of our business is on cost plus and 70% is on 
FOB, a lot of our -- these kind of fluctuations we are insulated against. So therefore, there won't 
be much of an impact. But I'm hoping and we all are that the situation improves from here. So 
we don't see much of an impact on the guidance that we have given. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to Mr. Praveen Jaipuriar for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Praveen Jaipuriar: 
So thank you, everyone, for joining the call. I appreciate Ashika Institutional Securities for 
holding this call, and we'll all meet in the next quarter. Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Ashika Institutional Equities, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you.  
