                  Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. 
Mahindra Towers, 
Dr. G. M. Bhosale Marg, 
Worli, Mumbai 400 018 India 
 
Tel: +91 22 2490 1441 
Fax: +91 22 2490 0833 
www.mahindra.com 
Regd. Office: Gateway Building, Apollo Bunder, Mumbai 400 001, India | Tel: +91 22 6897 5500 | Fax: 
+91 22 22875485 | Email: group.communication@mahindramail.com | mahindra.com | 
CIN No. L65990MH1945PLC004558 
Ref No.: M&M/SEC/2026-27/027 
 
8th May 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Symbol: M&M 
BSE Limited 
Scrip Code: 500520 
 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Analyst/Institutional Investor Meet 
 
Ref: 
• Pursuant to Regulation 30 (read with Para 15(b)(iii) of Part-A to Schedule III) and 46 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”) 
• Intimation of M&M Analyst/Institutional Investor Meet Q4FY26 dated 14th April 2026 
• Submission of Presentation for M&M Analyst/Institutional Investor Meet Q4F26 vide letter dated 
5th May 2026 
• Submission of Audio-Video recording of M&M Analyst/Institutional Investor Meet Q4FY26 vide 
letter dated 5th May 2026 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
In continuation of our letters referred above, we hereby submit the Transcript of the M&M Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call held in hybrid mode in Mumbai on 5th May 2026 with Several Funds, Investors and Analysts, 
with respect to the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the fourth quarter and financial 
year ended 31st March 2026. 
 
The aforesaid Transcript is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at the following Link: 
M&M Q4F26 Analyst Meet - Transcript 
 
Please note that only publicly available documents were referred to during the discussion and that no 
unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the aforesaid Earnings Call. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record and treat it as compliance with the applicable provisions of 
the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
 
 
 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Company Secretary 
FCS: 4164 
 
Encl.: as above  
 
 
CC: Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
London Stock Exchange Plc 
ISIN: USY541641194 
 
Sailesh 
Kumar Daga
Digitally signed by 
Sailesh Kumar Daga 
Date: 2026.05.08 
20:31:59 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Mahindra & Mahindra Limited Q4 FY26 Analyst 
Meet” 
May 5, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANISH SHAH – GROUP CEO & MD, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH JEJURIKAR - ED AND CEO, AUTO AND 
FARM SECTOR, MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA LIMITED 
MR. AMARJYOTI BARUA - GROUP CFO, MAHINDRA & 
MAHINDRA LIMITED 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
2 
 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Welcome to the Quarter 4 analyst meet of Mahindra and Mahindra Limited. For the main 
presentation today, we have with us: 
• 
Dr. Anish Shah – Group CEO & MD 
• 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar - ED and CEO, Auto and Farm Business,  
• 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua – Group CFO.  
 
We will take your questions after the presentation concludes. For the purpose of completeness, 
I do wish to read this out. Certain statements in this meeting with regard to our future growth 
projects are forward-looking statements, which involve a number of risks and uncertainties that 
could cause the actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking 
statements. With that, I now hand over to Dr. Shah for his opening remarks. 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
Good afternoon. It's a pleasure having everyone here. Normally, I follow the principle that the 
better the results, the shorter the presentation, and you've seen that in the past. This time, we're 
actually going to go away from that principle. The results are, what I would at least consider as 
among the best that we've delivered, and we will leave you to judge them. But we felt it was 
important to talk a little more about some of the drivers and how we see the future as well. How 
we also see the current situation. How does the India story play out? What role does AI have in 
our journey? And we'll cover multiple topics today as we go through this presentation. 
 
Let's start with our usual chart around numbers for the quarter and for the year. Profit after tax 
for Q4 is up 42%. And profit after tax for this fiscal year is up 35%. I will say that these are 
numbers far higher than what we had expected going into the year as well. And it has really 
been a very strong contribution from all of our businesses. All our businesses have really come 
together well to be able to deliver these numbers. And if at some point in time I would have 
mentioned to you that if Auto profit growth is 33% and Farm profit growth is 13% for the year, 
what number would you say for the Mahindra Group? I don't think any of us would have said 
35% at that point in time. But with Auto at 33 and Farm at 13, Mahindra Group is still at 35% 
for the year.  
 
Very strong performance from both Auto and Farm, both in terms of volume and margins. Auto 
volume up 19%, margin up 80 basis points. Farm even better, volume up 24%, margins up 150 
basis points. But yes, Farm was dragged down by the international subsidiaries and we exited 
three of them. So the impairments for that is what reflects in the 13% number that I mentioned 
for Farm with regard to profit after tax growth.  
 
But beyond Auto and Farm, this has been a breakthrough year or a transformational year for 
multiple businesses. Mahindra Finance has been on a very strong trajectory. A 60% profit 
growth year-over-year, if we exclude the provision release they had in the prior year. But 
beyond the numbers, asset quality has been achieved in terms of what we have talked about. 
And even with uncertainty in the 4th Quarter, we closed the 4th Quarter at GS3 of 3.41%.  
 
Beyond asset quality, we have been talking about technology and data for some time. A large 
project called Udaan was not just completed but fully adopted in this fiscal year. A lot of focus 
on controls, a lot of focus on ensuring that every part of the business is working together to 
ensure it's stable. And now that we've got stability, we are pivoting to growth. And that's going 
to be the path forward for Mahindra Finance while maintaining stability.  
 
Our Growth Gems collectively have increased profit by 50% year-over-year. And these are not 
small numbers now. They have to be larger. So if you look at the average of 35 with Auto at 33 
and Farm at 13, others have to contribute in a meaningful way. TechM on a solid path, up 14% 
year-over-year. And multiple Growth Gems have shown huge momentum that goes beyond 
profits because profits is not the only metric for Growth Gems. It's really about how they start 
becoming much larger businesses.  
 
And that's where aero structures, close to a billion dollars of orders in a little over a year. Our 
logistics business, very strong turnaround, very strong execution. I've stood up here in the past 
and said not very good execution in logistics. That has changed now. And that is putting the 
business on a very good trajectory to create value for our shareholders. Advanced technologies 
on a very solid path again. With the spend that the Indian Armed Forces has and the strengths 
that we have, we're starting to see that strength translate into numbers and meaningful numbers 
for us. And trucks and buses, with the SML acquisition completed, integrations going very well 
right now, we've gained market share marginally also at this point and very well poised for the 
future. So these are some examples. Other Growth Gems also have done well. If collectively 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
3 
 
we are at 50% profit growth, we have to do well across multiple businesses. But these are ones 
that have really stood out in terms of transforming themselves this year.  
 
So our standard charts for the quarter, revenue up 29%, profit up 42%. For the year, revenue up 
25%, profit up 35%. And here are the key drivers. We talked about Growth Gems up 50%, 
Auto up 33%, Mahindra Finance 60%, TechM 14%, Farm 13%. And we had some sale of 
investments and that was a little higher this year and that's contributed to our profit growth as 
well. So that's the overall view across businesses right now.  
 
Auto and Farm, while Rajesh will cover in detail, the key highlights are beyond volume and 
margin growth, EV penetration of 9.6% and it actually hit more than 10% for the last two 
months of the year. So we started to get into double digit EV penetration, a question I know 
that many of you have had over the past few quarters. Revenue market shares up 260 basis 
points. And some of you or all of you may have seen recent press that we were number one for 
the year in market share from a revenue standpoint for EVs, which again is something that I 
don't think anyone would have believed 3 years ago, possibly even a year ago. And that's 
something that our team has been able to accomplish and has driven off the back of some very 
strong products. LCV market share up 60 basis points, an area we don't talk about that much, 
but clearly a very important area from a profitability standpoint and a growth and execution 
standpoint.  
 
On the Farm side, again, volume up, exports up, margins up, all of that's very good. You see the 
big number around impairments of 1,400 crores. Actually, you'll see that in one of our details 
that we will send out to you. But that impairment number is what's dragging Farm down. It's 
36% growth year-over-year without impairments, and with impairments is up 13% year-over-
year. Market share up again, Farm machinery up 32%. So very solid performance. We had to 
take action on businesses that were not performing. We have, but that's behind us now, and that 
will be a tailwind for the Farm businesses as we go forward.  
 
Mahindra Finance: I'm just going to focus on one number here because we talked about 
everything else, and that is AUM growth. AUM growth is 12%. In a year where we started 
pivoting to growth late in the year, and we now hope to be able to drive that further, diversify 
further into mortgage, into SME, have fee income play a bigger role, and really create a 
stronger business where in rural and semi-urban we want to be the financial provider of choice. 
And that is a position that Mahindra Finance can occupy very well, is well poised to do, and 
that will put us on the map of having a very strong financial services business there. 
 
TechM on track with what is promised for F27, and as we complete that, we'll outline the plan 
for the next few years. But at this point, all I will say on TechM is we're delivering what was 
promised.  
 
And therefore, as we look at the chart that you've been very used to seeing, ROE is at 20%. Not 
for the first time, I think we hit that in one of the quarters in between, but this time it's for the 
full year, we're at 20%. But I'll make the same comments I've always made on this, which is our 
target is 18. We will fluctuate a little higher and lower than 18. Thankfully, we'll be on the 
higher side right now. We might be lower at some point as well as we invest more. But our 
focus is to maintain 18% ROE while driving growth. Growth is our key driver in addition to 
ROE.  
 
And on the EPS growth side, we had promised 15 to 20% EPS growth in fiscal 21. And what 
we have achieved in the last five years is a 57% annualized EPS growth. Don't expect 57% for 
the next five years annualized EPS growth, but it's been a good path that we've had so far.  
 
So looking ahead, and these are the pages we've sort of added to the presentation to just give a 
better picture of where we are and what you could expect going forward. I'll talk about the 
Indian economy. It is on a very strong footing. And this is a tailwind that I don't think has been 
fully understood as yet, and we'll talk about why we are very bullish on the Indian economy.  
 
At the Mahindra Group, we have built resilience to deal with shocks. You've seen that over the 
last many years, you've seen that over the last few quarters. And even this quarter, where 
despite multiple challenges, despite supply chain problems, we managed to deliver a 42% profit 
growth year-over-year. And it wasn't as if last year's Q4 was a weak one, last year's Q4 was a 
strong one as well. But that's thanks to the resilience that we've built across the group. And 
we'll talk by business with some detail as to what are specific actions that have been taken from 
a resilience standpoint.  
 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
4 
 
AI has started to deliver meaningful impact. We have deliberately stayed silent on this up to 
this point. We've done a lot of work on AI. And today we'll share some of the work that we've 
done and the results we are seeing and the kind of impact that we can see AI making for us. 
And we'll also share why our businesses are well-positioned to continue on their growth 
trajectory. And while I will joke that you shouldn't expect a 57% year-over-year growth, you 
should expect a strong year-over-year growth as we get into the next 5 years or the next decade 
as well.  
 
So our theme is going to be Accelerate in Uncertainty. There is uncertainty. We don't expect 
that to go away. Hopefully it won't be as crazy as it has been over the past few months. But 
we're not expecting a scenario where things get back to where it was maybe a decade ago. I will 
digress for a minute to share some work we did to look at global shocks over the last 126 years.  
 
The entire 20th century from 1900s to 2000, on average we saw a global shock every 10 or 11 
years. You go from 2000 to 2020, on average we saw a global shock every 4 years or so. You 
go from 2020 to 2026, we had trouble fitting all of that on a chart that we did for a board 
because there were so many of them, every four months. So we don't expect uncertainty to go 
away, but we are best poised to take advantage of uncertainty. With the talent we have, and to 
me that's our biggest strength, our teams, with the foundation we have, with the strength of 
businesses we have, and yes, of course, the cash that we have, combination of all of those, and 
cash generation, puts us in a very strong position to take advantage of uncertainty and to be 
able to grow our businesses very meaningfully as we go forward. And that's the reason why our 
focus is not hunker down, but accelerate and go through the uncertainty with opportunities we 
see around us.  
 
India, three primary growth drivers. Consumption: We are the youngest large economy, median 
age of 28.8 years. The US and China are around 39, Japan is around 49. We are going to add 
people to the workforce for the next 20 years. Per capita income is rising, consumption is 
growing. If you look at the number of households we have that are affluent and elite, as defined 
in certain income brackets, that is more than many large countries around the world, many large 
developed countries around the world.  
 
Infrastructure: There's been a lot of effort on physical infrastructure. We've been building one 
airport a month for the last five years. We're putting 40 kilometers of roads every day for the 
last 5 to 7 years. We've doubled our highway capacity. We've tripled electrification of railways. 
And beyond the physical infrastructure, ports, of course, many, many other things there, our 
digital infrastructure is starting to really create huge efficiency for our businesses, and you've 
probably seen that across many businesses that you cover. And it's not just Aadhaar and UPI, 
there's a whole host of digital infrastructure that's come up that makes it much easier for us to 
do business. That's the strength that we have. We haven't fully tapped into that strength as yet.  
 
And then economic reforms. We operate in 70% of India's GDP. And we're seeing the benefit 
of reforms, benefit of making it easier to do business across many of our companies. Again, not 
completely where we need to be, hopefully there will be more as we go forward. But it's 
making us more competitive and making us stand up to the world and say we can compete with 
you, not just in India but outside India as well.  
 
You add to that the impact of FTAs. Nine major FTAs covering 38 countries. Two parts to it. 
One, a lot more competition for many industries in India. We've talked about that before as 
well. From the Auto standpoint, it doesn't matter. We've been competing with everyone in the 
world for the last 20 years. Some have gone away as well. We will continue to have more 
competition. For Auto, it was more about FTAs encouraging foreign makers to make in India as 
well, not just shut plants in India and send everything from outside. And we think the 
government did a very nice job in balancing that.  
 
But the flip side of that is the opportunity. For us to be able to export to the UK, to EU, to many 
other countries around the world, and that's a huge opportunity that we have. For that our 
products need to be world class. Today they are. And with those products, we need to ensure 
we understand those markets very well and we have a solid plan to be able to go into those 
markets and really be able to add value. That's not just for us. That's for many companies 
around India. That is going to be the opportunity for India to be able to leverage the FTAs, for 
many of our companies to invest more in R&D, create more competitive products and go out to 
the world and compete there.  
 
Therefore, with consumption infrastructure and reforms, with some impediment from inflation, 
which we will see over the next year at least, we are seeing a short-term greater increase in 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
5 
 
commodity prices, which we think will settle down. But even as it settles down, we do expect 
there to be some inflation impact over the next year. At this point, at least in the numbers, India 
is one of the least impacted countries from an inflation standpoint. It's probably still early. We 
will start seeing some of that pick up. But accelerated by urgency for more reforms and the 
FTAs that I just talked about.  
 
With that, if you look at India growing at… if you just take the low end of the range, which I 
would say is 6.4%, India will add 50% to its GDP in the next 5 years. It will go from 4.2 trillion 
to 6.6 trillion, more than 50%. And if India grows at 8%, which is what I would expect, India 
will go from 4.2 trillion to 7.1 trillion from a GDP standpoint. It will add 70 to 75% of its GDP 
in the next 5 years. That doesn't mean you come back and tell me you grew 57%. But that's the 
India story, and that's a very powerful story for companies in India. 
 
 
We talked about resilience. And there have been lots of shocks in supply chain. And I know 
you read them every day and you keep looking at companies and saying, how are you 
managing your supply chain? Something else has happened here. We've learned a lot through 
COVID, and we've taken many of those lessons and gotten much better at being resilient in 
terms of something coming up someday. To the extent where… you know, for many days we 
were looking at 400 suppliers and monitoring the LPG stock every morning, which we never 
thought we'd be doing.  
 
But our teams have looked at everything we buy. 1,06,000 crores of purchases. 1,00,000 parts, 
40 commodities. We put that through multiple risks that we see, whether it's geopolitical, 
whether it's raw material risk, whether it's single supplier, tech disruption, logistics, regulatory, 
and came up with 82-part families and 9 commodities at a high risk. And for that, took multiple 
actions. Increasing inventory in many cases, localizing alternate suppliers, designed to reduce, 
creating an intelligence desk so we can act quicker on something that happens. And that has put 
us in a stronger place. I wouldn't say it's perfect. It never is going to be perfect in the world 
around us. But it puts us in a much stronger place to be able to react quickly to things. And 
you've seen us go through the year with the rare earths’ disruption, with the semiconductor 
disruption, memory chips not available and close the year at such record levels. And that's 
thanks to our teams that have driven the resilience in supply chains.  
 
A lot of words on the next three slides and our next four slides. And I won't cover all the words 
here. We will have this uploaded so you can look through it. But what we've basically done is 
outline what are the actions that every business has taken to fortify and what are the actions it's 
taken to grow in the uncertainty. And I will just highlight a couple of these over the next few 
pages. 
 
The supply chain that you saw in Auto and Farm, in Farms exiting our international businesses, 
that's really one way for us to fortify as well and ensure that all our drags are taken away.  
On Mahindra Finance, I do want to highlight that we're 99% secured. And that provides a lot of 
stability in addition to our actions on reducing GS3, improving asset quality. We've got a low 
exposure to CV and SME. We have secured buffer financing in case of any further shocks that 
we see. We've got a much tighter risk screen. We've cut out some parts of lending even now, 
despite a very strong GS3 number that we have today, and strengthened tech and controls.  
 
Moving to the next page. Here across the businesses, it's just a set of actions that each business 
has taken to both fortify and drive growth. So again, we'll leave you to read them. I won't go 
through these in detail. But we just wanted to put this out here to say that every business is 
driving a very high level of resilience and positions itself to grow in uncertain times as well.  
 
Let's talk about AI. There's been a lot of conversation on AI. And over the last 2 years, initially, 
we struggled on seeing what is the real benefit of AI. Yes, everyone talks about this is going to 
be the greatest thing ever and it's going to transform everything. But my question always was, 
so what does it really do? How does it improve revenue for us? How does it improve cost for 
us? How does it improve customer experience for us? Can we get it down to that level? Unless 
we can get it to that level, it's not real. And that's what our teams have done a lot of work on. 
This is the framework we've put in place.  
 
The first thing is the aspiration and our aspiration for every business is to be a tech leader in 
that industry. If you're not a tech leader in the industry, you will not be a leader in the industry. 
And therefore, that is one aspiration that each of our business leaders have. For that, you have 
to understand AI and other aspects of technology; it's not just AI.  
 
You need a strong foundation because it's very easy to say here are agents. Please go and 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
6 
 
deploy the agents and you don't need to do anything else anymore. But agents need rules. It 
needs a foundation. It needs data in a certain way to be able to work. You can't just go and say 
here are 20 agents and I'm going to let them loose. It will create a lot more havoc than create 
value. And therefore, a foundation is essential and we spent a lot of time in many of our 
businesses creating that foundation from a system standpoint, a data standpoint that's required 
for AI. We're not complete as yet. So I don't want to leave you with the impression that our 
foundation is perfect across all businesses. That's still being done. In some places, it's very 
good. In some places, it requires more work.  
 
And we've got three levels we look at in terms of using AI. First is what we call deploy. These 
are smaller things that have meaningful impact, but minor impact. Things that can be done by 
leaders in businesses, by process leaders. Things that potentially could be done in a week or 
two or three weeks. Not create a lot of change management issues. It's something that people 
who understand this can really go and deploy and use it. 
 
The simplest example I share with each of our folks is it's like using Excel. Imagine a world 
without Excel. Let's say we took Excel away from everyone. What would your world look like? 
Productivity would go down dramatically. A lot of things that you do, effectively you do 
because of Excel. Your quality of work would go down dramatically. That's what AI is. In the 
simplest of terms, it's really not something super fancy. It is like a tool like Excel, maybe 10x of 
Excel. But as you use Excel, we tell our leaders and our process owners, use AI tools. They can 
do something better for you.  
 
Second is transform. These are large projects. And these are projects that require a lot of 
change management. These are projects that have an impact on the customer., because if you 
have an interaction with the customer, that has to be perfect. You can't have an interaction with 
the customer where AI hallucinates or does something else. So that has to be tested well. That 
has to be bound in many ways. And a lot of work has to go into change management to make 
sure that everyone understands what that is and everything comes together to deliver the impact 
that it should.  
 
At the same time, these can't be long duration projects. What we tell people is an AI project 
should be deployed in four weeks. You don't need more time to deploy an AI project. Change 
management and testing can go on longer. That depends on what the scope of that project is. If 
it's customer facing, it may take a few months. If it's not customer facing, we should get the 
pilot to deploy it completely in a much faster pace. And even then, it's a matter of months. It's 
not a matter of years for these transform projects.  
 
Third is invent i.e. start with AI. Our life insurance business, for example, is looking at setting 
up all its processes AI first, before it even goes and hires a lot of people. What processes can 
we just do with AI and then have the entire business set up in that manner? There are other 
areas we're looking at also where we can look at inventing with AI. This is something we 
haven't done as yet. Just to be transparent on it, this is something that we've started work on, 
but we haven't achieved any results on ‘Invent with AI’ so far.  
 
Our accelerators are our governance. And I'll talk a little more about governance. Partnerships 
that we have. The Mahindra.AI Academy that we're setting up or we have set up now. And 
what we call SWOT pods. Teams that come in with expertise to handle a transform project and 
make that happen faster.  
 
We're focusing on four areas: Quality, experience reach and efficiency. Everyone talks about 
efficiency for AI. Jobs will go. You will become a lot more efficient. A lot more productive. 
Yes. There is some aspect of becoming productive and becoming efficient. But jobs won't go if 
you have all the other areas happening very well. And that's part of what we're doing is helping 
reskill folks, put them into other areas, driving quality experience reach with AI, and therefore, 
creating a much better set of outcomes, and that's going to be a key growth driver for each of 
our businesses as we go forward. And closely monitor the outcomes from a revenue standpoint, 
a cost standpoint, a customer experience standpoint.  
 
Let's talk about deploy. And, again, we'll leave you to read this at leisure. But there are multiple 
examples. There are two main areas in deploy. One is, it saves time and effort. It automates 
repetitive tasks and frees up capacity. Excel. Exactly Excel. You could do everything that's on 
an Excel manually as well. It will just take you a lot longer to do it, but you could replicate 
everything you do. It improves quality in many cases. It enhances accuracy. It enhances 
consistency and decision making as well. Because if it can give you the right data in the right 
form, it can enhance that. And there are multiple examples that we've shown here used in 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
7 
 
businesses, used by some of our functions and by individuals as well. As I use AI, it makes life 
simpler for each individual. 
 
As an aside, you should try this. You're getting news from various sources. Go to Claude or one 
of the LLMs and just say, “Build an agent for me that goes and gets information from all these 
sources I go to and summarizes it in this form, and here are things I want to see”, and it will 
simplify life for you significantly. So that's an example of individual deployment. Something 
you could possibly do in 5 or 10 minutes. And make life much easier in terms of what you do 
every day. 
 
Transform is in the four areas I talked about. And what we've shown here is examples of some 
of our transform projects in Auto, Finance and Farm. Auto and Finance, many of them are 
deployed. Farm is early stage. Many of them have been started, not deployed as yet. A couple 
possibly even in the concept phase, but not deployed at this point. But quality has really 
improved, the quality of product or service. Experiences enhance customer and employee 
experiences. Reach is being able to reach out to a lot more customers.  
 
For XUV 7XO, we used AI for a number of customers where we weren't quite sure how serious 
they were, etc. and we couldn't reach every customer. So AI had conversations with customers 
on WhatsApp and resulted in 17,000 test drives being booked just by using AI. We wouldn't 
have touched those customers otherwise. And that's pure incremental revenue. That's a real use 
case that drives incremental revenue, and we're still scratching the surface on that.  
 
And efficiency is, obviously do more with that.  
 
So one, I'd touch upon here is our paint shop. In painting, in welding, it's application in 
manufacturing where we use AI in creating more uptime for our plants because you can resolve 
problems faster, in creating less service time when customers come in with their cars, creating a 
customer delight and also freeing up more capacity for our dealers to be able to service 
customers. So, these are examples of AI in manufacturing, which is still, I'd say, early in the 
world. We haven't seen a lot of companies be able to use AI in manufacturing as effectively, 
but that's where our strength lies and we want to be able to do a lot more on that front. So, our 
focus is a lot more on the first three. Yes, to some extent on efficiency, which we will drive as 
well, but we want to get to be much better in our businesses. And not just auto, farm, finance, 
through real estate, we're using AI to create a better experience for customers when they get 
their flat delivered to them because AI can look at every single wall, every single part of the 
ceiling, find the smallest set of things that customers will find later and tell you, I had a small 
crack here, but you give me the flat with this crack here and we can take action even before we 
deliver the flat to the customers. That creates delight for the customer. Using AI in holidays 
business, using AI in our real estate business. So, across businesses we're looking at multiple 
applications here. 
 
Some examples of transform products in auto, but beyond the examples, actually one I did not 
talk about is efficiency to drive better simulations. This is taking our product development time 
down by 10% and that's literally saving a few months. We can get a product faster to market 
and that means a few months faster revenue. For F27, what we are tracking is a delivery of 
4,100 crores in terms of revenue, 2 to 3% points in terms of customer satisfaction, which is off 
a high base already, and 10% reduction in time for a new product development. So, these are 
some of the key metrics we are tracking. As I said, this is just scratching the surface. This is not 
full potential of AI. This is based on projects that we have in the pipeline right now. And we are 
tracking it closely. We have our CFOs join some of our meetings on AI as well to say, do you 
agree with these numbers? Are these going into your plan? And if they are, then they're real. If 
they're not going into your plan, then they're not real numbers.  
 
Similarly, Mahindra Finance, again, lots of examples here. I'm just going to focus on the last 
line. For this year, we expect to have 10,000 crore more of disbursements because of AI. 20% 
increase in thin file conversions, 80% Agentic operations. One example here is our central 
processing center, one of our transform projects. Typically, you got to verify every document 
the customer sends you. There can be sometimes 20, 30, 40 elements of data in those 
documents. If you've got land holdings that you need to verify in certain cases, Aadhaar 
number, PAN number, a whole host of data. Typically, it would take a person 40 minutes to go 
through all of them, and in many cases, you'd have some errors. You'd have certain reject rates, 
et cetera. We have AI doing that now in 7 minutes. It's a huge time-saving. We want to get to is 
AI doing that in less than a minute and delivering it directly on the phone where a salesperson's 
sitting with the customer and saying, yes, all your documents have been seen, everything's set, 
or I need this document more. I’ll just upload it, yes, you're done now, and that changes the 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
8 
 
game from a customer standpoint significantly. That improves risk from a Mahindra Finance 
standpoint where documents are verified, fraud is lower, and that enhances revenue as well 
because if you get this kind of a service, a customer's going to take the loan with you versus try 
to go somewhere else and do other things. So that's one example there, and then in servicing 
and collection, 60% do-it-yourself servicing, 75% assisted live contract collections. This is 
everything we're planning for F27 outcomes right now, and a number of projects are sort of 
underway to make this happen.  
 
AI Invent, I talk about insurance. There are multiple things in auto, multiple in farm. I won't 
talk about that much right now because as I said, this is early stage for us. We haven't delivered 
results in this as yet. When we do deliver results, we'll come back and talk more about AI 
Invent. 
 
Governance, I will talk about because this is very important for us. Ethical, responsible, and 
secure are the three main things we drive. We've got processes in place at the central level, at 
every business level to ensure that we maintain a very high level of governance for AI. That 
comes first. The rest of it is fine if it doesn't happen. Governance has to drive everything from 
our standpoint. 
 
Mahindra.AI Academy, this is for helping all our leaders and associates get trained in AI, to be 
able to use AI the way you use Excel today, to use AI in the same way as someone would use 
Excel. To me, that's the simplest way of saying, if you can do that, then that's when you learn 
really how to use AI. A lot of people ask, and we had a session with the press, and everyone 
asked, what is the investment you're making in AI? The good part is, the people who are setting 
up data centers are making the investment. The people who are setting up LLMs have made the 
investment. We are using it. And we are paying for use. And as we pay for use, we're actually 
finding that every project is self-financing in that sense. So, we're not looking at large numbers 
for investment. In case any of you had questions, I'm just pre-empting that question. This is 
essentially using AI, and we have to be able to show results very quickly in using AI. If it's 
going to take a large investment and results will come 3 years later, that's not the right AI 
project for us. What this also does is help reskill folks whose jobs may have been redundant 
from AI. Because we would very much like to be in a position where we don't have to let 
anyone go because their job is redundant for AI. We can use them in other growth areas that we 
have. We can train them in other ways, and we can rehire them back in some other part of the 
group because of the skills they have or the training that they've got after that.  
 
So, with that, let me then pivot to what we see over the next 5 years. And much of this you 
would have seen at Investor Day. So yes, it is a repetition, and which is why I'm going to just 
brief through these pages very quickly. In some cases, it's probably a slightly higher number 
than you've seen, but largely it's similar. We have taken F20 to F31 as the time window, which 
is 5 years from now, and F20 instead of ‘21 because ‘21 was a COVID year, and everything 
would look great in respect to the COVID year, so we've taken F20. So, auto revenue we expect 
up 8 times, farm revenue up 3 times, which I think is slightly higher than what we had at 
Investor Day. TechM revenue up 1.5 to 2X, Mahindra Finance asset under management up 5X 
in this time period, hospitality room inventory up 5X, logistics revenue up 4X, residential pre-
sales is a key number for residential up 14X in this time period as that business has grown very 
well and very significantly. I'll take a minute to talk about this business. Profit declared for this 
year is Rs. 298 crores, which is in fact multiples of the average profit for the last 10 years. And 
more important than that is, the business is promising that it will continue to deliver such high 
numbers for the next 5 years as well. And it's not sort of a one flash in the pan, and it goes away 
after that. And that is really the strength we're seeing in a real estate business right now. Susten 
asset portfolio up 5X. We can grow this more. We can grow this 10X, even 15X, and the 
business is ready to do it. This requires capital, which we're not willing to put at this point in 
time. And that's the reason why we're keeping the growth at 5X right now for Susten. Last Mile 
Mobility, 10X, Truck and Bus, 4X. And that's the kind of growth we have planned for the next 
few years. 
 
And with that, let me welcome Rajesh to talk about Auto and Farm. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Hi everyone, good to be with you and those online as well. So, I'll start with the farm business 
and look at Quarter 4. So, in the Quarter 4, you know, we grew our volumes by 36%, and we 
gained market share. The 43% for the year that you see, 43.6 is our highest ever tractor market 
share. And you'll see that on the next slide. So, this is the kind of market share gain we've 
made, including in the year F26. The farm machinery business has grown well over the last 2 or 
3 years. We were struggling to get it past 1,000 for a couple of years, but it's on a good track 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
9 
 
now. And 1,354 is a good number, which is setting us up well for the future. The farm margins, 
you've already taken a look at this. So, this is Quarter 4. 
 
Quarter 4 margins for core tractors were very strong at 20.4%. When you look at for the year, it 
was 20.8% core tractor margins. So again, as Anish said, very strong performance on margins 
on the tractor side. We show this chart to kind of say that our margins in tractors will operate 
within a band. There will be volatility on industry growth. And we do manage our margins 
within a band, typically of 18 to 21%, depending on what's happening to industry growth. So 
even when growths have been bad, we keep our margins at a level which is, you know, about 
17.5, 18%. So, this is kind of giving you a historic view of that, and that's very relevant, I'm 
guessing, in the context of some of the questions or doubts you may have in your mind. We 
have two major product upgrades on the tractor side. You know, those of you who follow 
tractors closely, a transmission upgrade is a very… transmission is a very major part of the 
product. So, there's a completely new transmission that is coming out at Swaraj. It's called Pro 
Tek. So, this is really the start of the launch of Pro Tek. You see significant benefits here. 
Swaraj did not have an advanced transmission like this. The advantage with this transmission is 
it's modular. So, we are able to keep a basic base version in place, which hence does not need 
customers to pay extra money or what they have, but it modularly builds up features. So, we are 
able to kind of give a variety on the same base transmission.  
 
The Mahindra tractor range is going through a major, it's literally an all-new platform now. We 
internally call it the H1 platform. It's been with us for a very long time. That plays in the 30 to 
50 horsepower segment, which is really the bulk of the industry right now. Half of that is 
getting upgraded into the new product with significant additions. And backup torque has been a 
weakness of, if I may use that word, not the best product offering from a point of view of 
backup torque, which is very important as mechanization goes up in farming applications. So, 
this product range will now have the best in-class backup torque. It's, you know, any transition 
in tractors is not easy. Customers need time to get used to it. So, it's happening in a slow-phase 
manner. We've done 7 states so far, and we would, over the next 8 to 10 months, complete the 
remaining markets in this horsepower category. So, both the products, Swaraj and Mahindra, 
seeing a significant upgrade in the product offering.  
 
We spoke, and Anish reinforced this. You know about it. We've taken action in areas which 
were not delivering the outcomes that we needed, or which were not going to derive strategic 
synergy as we were going forward. So, we have exited Sampo and Erkunt Foundry already in 
that stage of exit, and doing a voluntary liquidation for the Mitsubishi Ag Machinery business. 
So, 3 businesses which were, in a way, dragging the international business of farm, we've kind 
of taken the capital allocation calls and, you know, set in motion a process. And that, we 
believe, over the next 2 years, will again improve international business profitability. 
 
The 3 markets that we will stay invested in, they're very strategic to us, which is the U.S. 
market, Brazil, and Turkey. They're all large markets from the segments in which we play. We 
have reasonable market share presence. All the 3 markets are seeing an industry slowdown, so 
which is impacting short-term profit. But hopefully, as the down cycle turns around, we will 
see volumes come back in these markets hopefully soon.  
 
These are the, you've already seen these numbers, so I'm going to go fast through them. These 
are the consolidated numbers both for Quarter 4 and the full year. The tractors, we're talking 
about total new launches in F27 of 19, out of which 7 are all new and 12 are through new 
features. So, like I mentioned earlier, a significant upgrade in the overall portfolio on the tractor 
side.  
 
Moving to auto, you saw the growth numbers. We finished the year at 19%. We had at the 
beginning of the year said it would be mid-to-high teens, and we've kind of delivered on that. 
We have done that by delivering growth in the revenue market share as well, and in the volume 
market share of LCVs. This captures what is in the previous slide, so I'm zipping through it.  
 
We sold an average of 9,500 a month of 7XO, which was the maximum we were able to make 
at this point of time, and the response to the 7XO has been very, very strong, and of course, it's 
given us a significant growth over what we were doing on XUV700. So, it's been a very 
successful relaunch or refresh introduction. The Mahindra Electric operations, we believe, have 
been done very well. We've sold 55,000 vehicles since launch, going into the first full year of 
operations. Got several awards, you're aware of that. The 9S has sold 7,400 vehicles in the 
Quarter 4. The penetration, Anish spoke about that, was 9.6%, and you can see the volume 
market share at 31.4% in electric, which made us the number two player. The revenue market 
share, which really, the parameter that we use, we were number one through the year and in 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
10 
 
Quarter 4, in spite of not being the largest volume player, and that, as you can see, in Quarter 4 
was as high as 37.7%. In LCV, we've spoken, this is a trend, we've gained market share. A little 
bit of supply issues as a huge demand uptick happened post-GST drop. So, we've not seen the 
kind of share growth that we were seeing earlier. And that's something that we are fixing over 
the next couple of months.  
 
We were the 5th largest exporter and only 37 units away from being number 4. That's not an 
area you typically associate with us, but many of the OEM 1, 2, 3, 4 that you see are all global 
brands. So, in a way, being close to number 4, we believe is a very, very strong sign of the 
opportunity that lies ahead for us to start building an international business.  
 
The auto margin, this is standalone auto margin without the contract manufacturing of electric 
vehicles, was at 10.9%, which is a really strong margin performance. When you break this up, 
you see basically two subparts to it. The reported number is 9.5. What you see on the left is a 
10.9 on the previous slide, which excludes the contract manufacturing. The contract 
manufacturing is a pass-through in a way, so we made only 19 crores on it, which is just 0.5% 
margin, which is what brings the 10.9 down to 9.5. We will continue to show this separately so 
you're able to appreciate the impact of electric as standalone from what we're doing on ICE.  
 
Mahindra Electric as a company in Quarter 4 did PBIT of Rs. 227 crores. You add contract 
manufacturing, it's Rs. 245 crores, so a very strong performance, very strong EBITDA, but also 
a PBIT positive of a big number in the quarter. For the full year, the auto margin was at 10.4%. 
When you look at it broken up, it was 10.4 to 9.3. Similar chart as earlier, but for the full year. 
The EBITDA for the full year of EVs was 1,314 EBITDA, and was PBIT positive for the full 
year at Rs. 287 crores, including contract manufacturing.  
 
We grew 15% on trucks and buses. Market share improved marginally. Lot of upsides. As you 
can see, we are the 3rd largest player in ILCV buses with 22.9% market share, and a narrowed 
gap with the number two.  
 
Last Mile Mobility, we continued our number one position, doing very well, and a very 
successful launch of the UDO, which has got very good feedback, and we have built 7,500 
vehicles within two months of launch. 
 
Also, the auto consolidated financials, we grew PBIT of 50% in Quarter 4, PAT of 49, and for 
the full year, it was 33% PBIT, and 33% PAT.  
 
This is a slide on which I'll spend a little bit of time, and we can come back again if you need in 
the Q&A. So, we exited F25 with a ICE capacity of 54,000, and EV capacity of 5,000. During 
the year, we went up to 56,500 of ICE, and EV of 8,000. That's what we announced when we 
launched the 9S. We've not been able to fully operationalize the 56,500 because of changes in 
mix, and which is basically constrained by the engines that we needed. So, though we had a 
56,500, we were not able to fully get 56,500. So, that mix issue is being sorted out, and as we 
get to H1 exit, which is by September, October, 56,500 would have gone up to 60. 8 will 
remain at 8. As we come to the end of the year, this on top of the 60, we would have added 
10,000, which is towards the launch of the NU_IQ, which will be for products that will get 
launched in F28. We will add another 4,000 of EV for the new EVs to get launched in F28. So, 
through F28 beginning, we would really have 60 plus 8 plus 14. So, that would be the total 
SUV capacity that we are building up during the course of this year.  
 
The Nagpur plant is on track to get started in 2028 to middle. We’re about completing the 
process of land acquisition, and we'll start preparing ourselves for a 2-year project execution. 
 
A quick update on the product. So, LCVs we had last year, rather in May 2024, said we will 
launch 7 LCVs by 2030. We launched 4. 3 are remaining. We are updating that to additional 7 
launches. So, basically, by F31, we are expecting 7 plus 3, 10 launches in LCVs. Some of them 
will come out of the NU platform on which we have Veero. Others will be updates and 
upgrades on the current pickup portfolio.  
 
On the SUV side, we had said we will launch 9 and 7, 9 ICE and 7 BEVs. We've launched 5 
and 4. Remaining are 4 and 3. Now, what we are saying is by F31, we'll have additional 6 and 
additional 3. So, by F31, we can expect 10 new ICE and 6 new BEVs. Few of them are going to 
come out of the NU_IQ platform, which you are already aware of and you've seen. There'll be 
ICE and EV versions of that. So, that's what makes it to 10 plus 6.  
 
F27 Outlook, we are expecting tractor to be mid-single digit, around 5%. I'm sure you have a 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
11 
 
lot of questions on that, which we'll take. On the SUV side, we are expecting mid-to-high teens. 
For us, that's not for the industry. And on the LCV, less than 3.5 ton, it's high single digits. So, 
that's broadly our outlook.  
 
With that over to you, Amar. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua: 
Thank you, Rajesh. So, to sum up, for the 4th quarter, that was our revenue grew 29%. That was 
contributed, 32% of that came from auto, 32% growth in auto revenue. 26% in farm. We also 
had the Growth Gems grow 30%. And Mahindra Finance grew 14%. That translated to a PAT 
growth of, as you know, pretty strong PAT growth during the quarter. We've got a very large 
increase in PAT from auto of 49%. Farm grew 1%. That was basically weighed down by the 
exit of the foundry, where we have taken a 400-crore charge. So, that's a one-time charge that 
completes our exit of foundry. And that should be the last you'll hear of any foundry-related 
costs. We also had very strong performance from TechM, 20% up in PAT. And the Growth 
Gems were up 94% year-over-year in terms of PAT. So, all of that has contributed to the year 
looking like this, 25% up in revenue and 35% up in PAT.  
 
And this is a chart that we've been talking about for a while. What is really heartening to see is 
how the services part of the portfolio continues to grow in the overall contribution to the 
growth of PAT. Even if you exclude the CIE gain, that's more than 1,100 crores that was 
contributed by the services part of the portfolio, as we looked at that increase from around 
13,000 crores to 17,099. 
 
This is for standalone, 25% up in revenue for the year and 34% up in PAT. This 34% is 
excluding the 200 crores of gain we took on the land sales last year, which has a 2% impact if 
you remove that from the overall earnings. All of this PAT performance has also translated in 
very strong cash performance. So, you can see here, during the year, the overall net cash 
generation from the business was 16,000 crores, has added to our cash balance. After dividend, 
it's at 41,000 crores for the year, which is also one of the reasons why we have declared a 30% 
increase in dividend this year, also in line with profit growth, of course. And really, really 
happy with that performance also and how it's contributing back to the shareholders. 
 
Just again, standalone to give you a view for the quarter, 25% up in revenue and 53% up in 
terms of PAT. I will point out that 53% is weighed down by the impairments we took last year 
that you'll recall. So, you add that back, it was still 22% up. 
 
We hit on a lot of highlights. I want to emphasize again the great performance of the auto 
business and very specifically of the EV portfolio. Coming in at PBIT positive for the 4th 
quarter without any one-offs was something really, it's actually much ahead of where we were 
expecting it to be. It's contributed by mix, it's contributed by great execution, but that's 
something that we'll keep bringing visibility to because that's a question many of you have 
asked, how is the EV margin going to look versus ICE as we go through the years, right? So 
that gives you a fair idea today. It's roughly at around PBIT of 5 odd %, which is half of where 
the auto-wise portfolio is. 
 
Okay, that's it, and we'll start with some Q&A. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati:  
Just wait a minute, we'll start. Yeah, Chandru, you want to go first? 
 
Mr. Chandru: 
 
Sure, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I have 3 questions. 
 
So, the first one is just around SUV growth guidance. So, this is the 3rd successive year that we 
are guiding to mid-to-high teens SUV growth. This is a different year. Back half of the year 
will be up against a pretty heavy base. Also, there could be the risk of fuel price increases. 
There could be the risk of further product price increases the way commodity prices are 
moving. So just want to understand what the building blocks are of the SUV growth guidance 
expectation for this year? 
 
The second one is just specific to supply chain, more specific on gas supplies and DRAMs. So, 
I think last quarter you'd mentioned that DRAMs, there was 3 to 4 months of visibility. I just 
want to understand how that's progressed through the quarter. And also, on gas, given that it's 
also a critical part of manufacturing, paint shops and so on, how sourcing on gas looks like for 
you?  
 
And the last bit just is around commodity price inflation. Even April and May to date, we've 
had quite a fair degree of commodity price inflation. So, does that potentially imply your 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
12 
 
openness to possibly pass some of that on in future quarters? I'll just pause there, thanks. 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
Okay, so I'll just start with the first one at a higher level, and then Rajesh will take that and the 
other two as well. The confidence comes from the demand that we've seen for our products. 
The fact that our capacity also hasn't been at the level we wanted to, even in the last couple of 
years, there were times we could have actually grown a little faster. We have put capacity in 
place, as we've shared earlier, we're putting more capacity in place right now as well. And it's a 
combination of all of that that gives us a high degree of confidence around that same mid-to-
high teen number. But I'll let Rajesh sort of go through some of the more detailed aspects of it. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, let me try and bring this alive for you by talking a little bit more around product. So, I 
just mentioned that we are selling XUV7XO at around 7,000 a month. We're clearly seeing that 
supply constraint at 9.5, and it can go up further. The response from the product has been very, 
very good. We've added 9S, I'm now just flipping to the EV side, which has added a clear new 
volume of 3,000, 4,000 plus. So, in a way, if you kind of take just these 2 products and I'll talk 
a little more around the others, you have at least 4,000 addition on 7XO over 700, you have 
3,000 addition on the BEVs, right? So that becomes 7,000. Bolero, Bolero Neo was tracking at 
around 7,000 a month before we introduced the refreshes. The refreshes were in only 3 months 
of last year. You now get a 12-month impact of the refreshes, which now are at around 9 to 
10,000 a month. Again, they're limited by demand, I mean by the supply because again we're 
not expecting that Bolero, Bolero Neo will and that there are common engines which are 
running across many of these stream of products, our pickups, Bolero, Bolero Neo. So, when I 
said we are constrained by engines, there are multiple sub-elements of parts which we are not 
fully ramped up for both pickups and Boleros to take off at the same time. Plus, we got the 
Indonesia order, so I'm just parking that as one new thing which came in which we are 
supplying to. 
 
Thar 3Door and ROXX is also very strong. Scorpio-N is huge demand, Scorpio Classic we are 
at the top end. So, when we look at our portfolio, we do believe that capacity is a bigger 
constraint than demand right now and as we start incrementally increasing capacity, 3XO we 
are fully maxed out because we are doing well in exports, so we are not able to do more than a 
certain number in domestic at this point of time. So, even 3XO is doing very well. So, we 
believe that if you know the demands and come to your question on what happens if fuel prices 
go up and so on, but based on this build-up of what's happening on each of the products, we 
believe that 15 to 18% is not out of the realm of possibility, right. It does not mean that it will 
be 18 and it's like we've said on the chart as well that of course it assumes that at least the war 
does not escalate and it stays at some reasonable level of ceasefire. We think it's a function of, 
it's a matter of time before fuel prices do go up in the pumps unless things dramatically 
transform which is not going to happen, we know immediately. 
 
But as we've said earlier a lot of our customers are not as fuel cost sensitive or fuel efficiency 
sensitive and when customers are buying products and 12 to 15 lakh upward price point, let's 
say 1000 rupee more fuel cost per month is not a reason to defer a product. I mean they already 
have crossed a certain barrier of how much money they are going to put in by way of EMI and 
then to say that okay the fuel is going to cost me 1000 rupees a month so let me not buy today 
is very unlikely with a large part of our customer set. I'm not saying it's for 100% of our 
customer set, but a large part of our customer set on SUVs are unlikely to defer because of fuel 
price going up. 
 
On product price going up which is linked to the question on inflation, basically the less sub-4 
meters corrected downward by 10%, the more than 4 meter corrected downward by 8%. So far, 
we have taken 1 plus 1.5, 1.6, so 2.6. There's still headroom, I'm not saying we will exercise 
that headroom, but there's still headroom to get back to pre-September prices. So, if that had not 
happened and we were going to see then inflationary impact on demand would have been much 
greater, but there is a headroom that has come out of GST and that gives some headroom to be 
able to take inflation driven price increases. We don't want to take it because then you are stuck 
on a high price and if commodity prices suddenly come down, which could happen depending 
on what happens to West Asia, then you are stuck on high prices beyond what you want. So it's 
a bit of a wait and watch right now how much to take based on reading of what may happen in 
the overall commodity market, how much of the commodity inflation is because of West Asia, 
how much is commodity inflation just out of market, if markets globally start slowing down, 
will commodity deflate a little bit from where we are. So, there are multiple factors at force 
here and we need to be a little cautious about not widely taking price increases, which is why 
we are calibrating and we took 1.6. Some of our competitors didn't take anything at all. So 
that's on the commodity price.  
 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
13 
 
On the supply side, gas has been very difficult but has not caused any disruption. So, we have 
been able to manage for us and our supplier’s availability of gas so far. Things have stabilized a 
lot in the last 2-3 weeks. It's much better than it was through March and parts of April. So, we 
are not hearing gas as a big disruptor. The big disruptor for us was manpower, first because of 
gas and then because of elections. So, we are hoping that manpower starts coming back now 
that elections are over. This is not for us; this is for our suppliers. 
 
The DRAMs, we were anticipating this 3, 4 months back and we have got aggressively into 
contracting and buying long, long quantity, whatever we could. There is a huge inflationary 
impact in doing that. But we have focused on fortifying our supply so far and we will continue 
to even if there is an inflationary impact there. 
 
Mr. Chandru: 
Thank you. And just one quick follow-up. So, I think over the past 5-6 years we've spoken 
about this target of 15%-20% EPS growth, 18% ROE. This year is possibly against a slightly 
higher base. So, just want to understand, depending on what all the volume drivers and factors 
are, does pricing represent a lever for us to sort of manage the business within this range 
irrespective of the base? 
  
Dr. Anish Shah: 
So, I'll just clarify the range first is longer term view, not a view specifically for this year, so if I 
were to look at the next 5 years again, we'd be very comfortable in saying that we will grow 
15%-20% a year for the next 5 years. It's possible one year may be slightly lower, one year may 
be slightly higher. It's also possible that all 5 years are higher, which we would hope as well. 
So, we're not looking at short term actions to meet that number. That's a number that's what we 
believe our underlying growth rate should be and what we feel good about in terms of 
underlying growth rate. But we would do not try to manage the quarterly number or the annual 
number to say ‘it should, therefore, fall into this category’. And which is why price decisions 
are not for that short term period, price decisions are based on what we need to build that 
category long term. And which is where also I recall some of the early discussions we had 
starting with the XUV700 launch, which is why we're pricing at this level, when you make 
money at this level in terms of pricing. And then the response was we're pricing at that level 
because we want to build that category long term and we feel that's the right way to approach 
the market. 
 
So, that's the same approach we're going to take. We're always going to take a longer term 
approach on what makes sense for the business. And the numbers will fall as they are.  
 
Mr. Chandru: 
Thank you. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Thanks. Jay, you already have the mic.  
 
Mr. Jay: 
Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a good set of results in such a challenging 
environment. My first question is, you know, if I just break down the BEV growth drivers into 
three aspects - one is, of course, that price differential between ICE and BEV, second is, of 
course, the operating cost led by fuel prices and, third is, of course, charging infrastructure. 
What according to you, from a consumer sentiment perspective, is the bigger driver of 
sustained demand? Because in the last 8 months we've seen one leg turning adverse, which is 
the differential between ICE and BEV prices, where now the expectation is that operating cost 
could turn positive. So, while you all have an added layer of an aspirational product driving 
demand but from a consumer sentiment, if you have to weight these categories, what is a bigger 
driver of demand for a sustainable growth?  
. 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar:  
Yeah, I just want to start, go back and pick the clock back to what we've spoken over the last 
12-18 months before launching and after launching. And, of course, elements of what drives 
change and conversion evolve with time, you know. So, I'll tell you where we started, how 
we're seeing it now. So, just to reinforce what we said, EVs for us were not to be sold on 
economics but to be sold as lifestyle statements. That's where we started. While overcoming 
barriers, the barriers we had to overcome was range anxiety, the barriers we had to overcome 
was what happens to the life of the battery. These were two very big barriers. Part of the range 
anxiety got overcome because we were going into multi-car households and a 500-kilometre 
range was a big reassurance for a multi-car household, which is why we've seen demand skew 
significantly to 79 kilowatt hour over 59, which is where we often said that our assumption on 
how the market will play out and the weightage that customers give at that stage to 79 kilowatt 
hour because of the range was more than what we anticipated. So, I think that to us has been 
one of the very important factors for getting us early mover advantage. 
 
What this has helped and which is why we didn't introduce the 59 for a while as well because 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
14 
 
we wanted customers to experience the range and build word of mouth on the range. Today as 
we talk to customers and dealers, the one thing that they say is your range is established. 
Customers believe it when you say that it's 450-500. There's no dissonance on the number that 
you're putting out, which gives customers a lot of confidence. Now, we started talking about 
economics on the ground, not in advertising, but now our sales story has, ‘this is the value that 
you save over a 3-year or a 5-year period’, which would go for a heavy user as much as ₹7 
lakhs. That's the kind of economic saving. 
 
We ran a short ad, some of you may have seen around, T20 with Gul Panag, which was you can 
do Mumbai to Pune on the cost of a cup of coffee, which is actually true. I mean, that is in fact 
the cost of saving, right. So, the saving that customers are able to get, as we've seen usage 
situations across the country on multiple different routes. So, operating cost is playing out in 
now as customers are coming in and getting confidence in the rest of the story. 
 
The barrier to charging, I think there are two parts to it. Within city usage, I don't think there is 
a worry about charging at all. For customers who are going out on longer trips in South, which 
is one of the big growth areas in the category, that barrier is almost gone. There are enough 
known apps, aggregators or knowledge that customers have on where to plan their charging 
stops. And we are setting up on key routes, our own fast chargers as well in very good areas 
where customers would stop. So, the charging infrastructure is coming up. 
 
What's enabling the overall ecosystem is now there are multiple other EV products and every 
time there was a question around, ‘what will competition do?’, we've always said competition 
is actually going to help the category because it builds confidence, it builds word of mouth, it 
enables charging infrastructure to start becoming viable public charging infrastructure. So, 
competition is actually in the category growth, which was category penetration was 2% a year 
back, it's now 6%. We are at 9% plus or 10% plus now but the category penetration itself has 
grown from 2%-6.5%. And as that starts crossing 10% and 12%, you will see charging 
infrastructure come up much faster. Word of mouth, you know, helping. 
 
So, I don't know if I fully answered your question, the price versus ICE for the products that we 
sell, which are all competing with more than 4-meter size products, primarily the ICE to EV 
parity still very, very strongly in favor of EV on road prices. So, it's actually an enabler. I don't 
know if you meant that as a dis-enabler because of GST but it's not affecting, the gap still is 40 
to 5. So, you know, it's a very strong enabler still to be able to price EVs at a similar price to 
ICE. Did I answer your question? 
 
Mr. Jay: 
No, it was just an intention to ask whether the expected fuel price increase could be an 
extremely strong tailwind for EV demand than earlier going forward?  
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Expected? 
 
Mr. Jay: 
Fuel price increase. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, it will. So, I'm just coming back to the economic story, that story gets stronger. If the fuel 
prices were to go up further, so that story gets stronger. 
 
Mr. Jay: 
And just an update on the memory chip issue. You know, are we behind that? Or is there 
anything that we could see in the coming months? 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar:  
I don't think there is going to be a behind that on that, it just have to be stay ahead of that. That 
issue is not going to go away for a while because as we all know the memory chips are being 
driven into vast AI applications and that is not going to slow down for some point of time. So, 
it's really a question of building inventory or buying in the aftermarket. And we are 
aggressively buying in aftermarket to build inventory. 
 
But I don't think the issue is going to get behind us for a while. It is like semiconductors who 
are 4 years back, where the huge demand because of COVID moving into certain applications. 
That's what's happening with memory chips right now. So, we just have to keep building 
inventory, even if it's at a higher cost. 
 
Mr. Jai:  
Thanks. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Jay, just pass on to Nitij? Nitij, yeah. Binay, please proceed. 
 
Mr. Binay: 
Okay. Just continuing on the EV side, could you share what was the PLI incentive you got this 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
15 
 
quarter? And are you getting it now for all the three models because we were talking about 
phases last quarter.  
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, I'll take the first part and you take the second part. I'll just say which models have 
qualified and then you can answer the rest. So, we now have, of course, the full 9E was PLI 
compliant. 9S; all variants are now are also PLI compliant. And B6 also, all variants 
are…Batman and B6, all variants are PLI compliant. So, basically, the whole portfolio is PLI 
compliant. Some of them were not ready in Q4, so we're not accrued in Q4. But we now have 
certification and approval for all the products from a PLI certification. 
 
Amar, you want to take the question?  
 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua: 
Yeah, it's around ₹500 crores that we took as PLI for the quarter. Most of B6 will come in only 
in the first quarter.  
 
Mr. Binay:  
The second question is on tractors. One is, the volume guidance that you've given, if you could 
share some underlying assumptions you have for the industry or so? 
 
 
Secondly, do you think you'll gain market share in tractors with the transmission chain that you 
talked about, product upgrade?  
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, both are difficult questions. So, let me try and walk through the logic behind the industry 
growth and I have to qualify, as I've always done. So, at least you can give me credit for being 
consistent on my comments on tractor industry predictability. We will change it 3-4 times a 
year. 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
And we'll have the most accurate prediction at the end of the year. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar:  
I mean, last year we got November wrong for Q4. So, let's be clear that we have a lot of 
econometric modeling but we have nothing which we are absolutely sure is going to give an 
accurate forecast of how because there is a sentiment play beyond the numbers. Why are we 
saying mid- single digit? Because the first half of last year was still on a relatively low base, 
right. So, when you break up the annual volumes, roughly 35%-40% of the annual volumes 
happen in the first season. That was still on a low base. So, there is a growth opportunity on the 
first 40%. And there is going to be, possibly on the second half, the base has gone up very high 
and it's not going to be very easy to get a growth on that rate. So, what we are factoring is an 
averaging of H1 and H2. So, that's point one. 
 
And we already see that play out in April, where the industry, of course, that billing number but 
still there is enough positive momentum and sentiment to be able to bill for us for the season. 
Because last year was on a low base, relatively low base, compared to the rest of the year. 
Some of the states which didn't grow as well last year, example UP, was much lower than the 
average industry growth last year, which is 15% of the industry volume, is actually very strong 
on reservoirs and irrigation. So, they are going to be less affected by monsoon than what we 
think. 
 
Coming back to the base effect point, we know a state like Maharashtra grew about 50% last 
year because of subsidy. But many other states did not have that kind of growth rate. So, there 
was a skew of 4-5 states which had a very high growth and the balance 60% of the industry was 
sub 20%. So, there is a potential upside. So, the base effect doesn't play out everywhere. 
 
The third is the government spending on rural and agriculture continues to be positive. We've 
seen in the past that one factor is the rains, the second factor is government spending. When 
government spending is very good, there is cashflow coming into the rural economy. In any 
household in rural, the role of agriculture income to services income is about 25% agricultural. 
So, there's still a lot of non-agricultural income coming into a rural household. So, when there's 
non-agricultural income coming into the rural household, tractor is a great asset to own because 
it depreciates the least out of the multiple other assets in which someone in that household may 
want to dispense cash. So, there is a tendency to say ‘let's buy a tractor’ because it will continue 
to give some kind of income and depreciate lesser than other assets like say cars, which 
depreciate fast and don't give that much income. So, there's no science to this but just putting 
all of this together we think 5% is not unreasonable. 
 
The other factor that I'm putting out is, in the past all OEMs had very high inventory normally 
in an upcycle. This year, as we've discussed earlier, in the last 2-3 years most OEMs are 
reasonably disciplined, have not done a huge inventory build-up and hence don't have to do a 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
16 
 
huge destocking. So, almost no one will have to destock even if retail is flat. Earlier what 
would happen is if you come out of a 20% year, the inventory has grown way beyond the retail. 
And then if you go into a low retail cycle, then everyone has to bring the dealer inventory down 
and that's what leads to a multiplier industry billing degrowth. We don't think that kind of 
degrowth is going to happen because the dealer inventory is not that high. 
 
On the rainfall, no one knows. It's 65% probability that it will be below, which means it is 35% 
probability that it won't be. So, we wait and watch. 
 
Mr. Binay: 
Market share?  
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar:  
 We want it to go up.  
 
Dr. Anish Shah:  
I'll jump in on market share. We do not push our tractor and LCV teams to grow market share. 
At 44% and 52%, that's not the right thing to do. If they grow it from an execution standpoint, 
we're very happy with that but we're not tracking them to say that you have to grow market 
share because, again, we look at long term, not short term as much. But over the last few years, 
we have grown it through execution. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
And I think to your earlier question, addition of the two products does give us a very strong 
product upside. But we do know that in tractors it takes a lot of time for customers to 
experience, see value, get word of mouth and multiply into market share. Unlike Auto, you 
don't get the market share benefit on a new product introduction immediately. So, it will come 
but I don't think it's something which you'll instantly see in the quarter in which you bring it. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Thanks. Just pass on to Nitij. We'll come to you Kapil next and then Gunjan. 
 
Mr. Nitij: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. First one is for Dr. Anish. Sir, when you look 
at the portfolio of companies outside of farm and autos today, if you have to pick one or two, 
where do you think is the highest incremental value creation potential in the next, say, 1-3 
years? 
 
And also in the group companies, aerospace, is that a large potential? So, we're seeing a lot of 
activity happening in that space in India, all are moving in here. So, something if you can talk 
about the aerospace as well? Thanks. 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
Okay. So, Nitij, first is, our approach again is long term. I want to build value in this for the 
next 15 years, not 1-3 years. Take aerospace, for example, in 1 or 3 years you will not see much 
of a change. But what we have seen is in the last 12 months, little more than 12 months, we've 
got a billion dollars of orders as compared to 150 million dollars of orders in 15 years or 12 
years, whatever the time period was. More than orders, we've got global OEMs looking at us 
saying, ‘you deliver very high quality, can you scale up and can we rely on you as our 
supplier?’ because they're facing challenges. They've got 10 years of confirmed orders to 
deliver planes and they are unable to do so because of supply chain challenges. And the supply 
chain challenges come from many smaller suppliers who have not been able to invest or have 
not been able to deliver the level of quality they want. So, they're looking for us as stability in 
the supply chain. They're telling us, ‘Can you come in and acquire, we'll help you acquire?’. 
And my response to them is, our bar is fairly high in terms of returns we want and if we do 
acquire, you need to guarantee our returns for 5 years. They said, ‘We will do that but we want 
you to come in’. 
 
So, we are not looking at being a leader in India in that, we are looking at being among the 
leaders in the world in that. The aspiration for our aerospace business is to be among the Top5 
aero structures companies in the world. That is the amount of value creation that is possible for 
us. And it's feasible that in the next 3-5 years we can actually get there as well. Again, not 
measured by revenue we earn today but based on orders and how we build the book. 
 
So, there are multiple businesses. Frankly, if a business didn't have the opportunity to grow and 
create meaningful value, we wouldn't keep it because it doesn't make sense from that 
standpoint. So, each of our growth gems today are there because they have got the ability to 
create value. If you look at Holidays, Lifespaces, Logistics, all three are listed entities but all 
three have huge potential. We had the CEO of our Farm business, which is a very large 
business going and running logistics, because we felt the value creation for logistics was going 
to be higher than the value creation of a farm. Now, that's a statement. As you look at the 
numbers today, you’d look at, and he did remind me that, I think I've mentioned this before, the 
revenue of logistics is less than the profit of farm today. And we gave him a choice. We said, 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
17 
 
look, ‘It's your choice. If you don't want to take it, it's fine. You're doing very well in farm. You 
don't need to move to a business’. But he saw the value and said, ‘Look, I'm happy to move 
there and I'm happy to create value there’. That's the value creation we see in the logistics 
business. 
 
Real estate, we're seeing some of that value play out. Just look at the profit average for the last 
10 years, look at it for the last 20 years, look at it for whatever period you want. And look at the 
profit today. If I remember my numbers correctly, I think the profit today is 5X the average of 
the last 10 years. I may be slightly off on the numbers, so please verify that particular one. But 
more important, the first question for the business was, are we going to maintain this level of 
profit every year going forward now? And, yes, we will see some ups and downs, which is 
always the case in real estate because it is based on the occupation certificate coming in when 
you actually book the profit, so you might see some rollover. But on balance the business says, 
yes, we feel confident we can project the profit growing from here for the next few years. So, 
that's also going to create significant value. 
 
Holidays, similar. They need a little more work to be done. So, today I'd look at it as one step 
behind logistics and real estate in terms of being ready to say ‘I can create so much value from 
that perspective’. We look at  Accelo and Powerol. Both are generating significant amounts of 
profits. Powerol today is generating ₹276 crores of profit for the last year. And that is very well 
poised to reshape energy. So, we are calling it now the new energy business because the 
generators, we are going to start investing in solar cells for that and start looking at potential of 
renewable along with generators to create backup energy supplies and that's going to be a very 
powerful combination. That's a large business we are starting with today. We are the number 
one in generators last year. And with solar and backup coming in, that has potential to be a 
much larger business. 
 
Our  Accelo business, we haven't talked about that much because we still have to do more on 
that. But the profit for Accelo this year was ₹224 crores. These are not small businesses from a 
profit standpoint. It has roughly a 50% market share in organized recycling, auto recycling. 
And with the new norms coming into auto recycling, that sector is going to grow very 
significantly because you have meaningful targets for recycling and to buy recycled steel and 
everything else that comes with it. 
 
Advanced technologies today, we are very well poised in a number of areas in advanced 
technology where we have focused really on security and surveillance from lasers, armored 
vehicles, which is part of our strength as well. Trucks and buses, we are seeing the strength that 
we have got there with SML now and the value creation that we are starting to see with SML 
coming in. 
 
So, there are a few others. Classic Legends is doing very well today in terms of the products it 
has and the sales volume that it has been able to get, the success it has had, even in a couple of 
international countries in terms of the sales. 
 
So, each of these are very well poised to create value and which is why we have been talking 
about them saying ‘Here is what they can do’. We are now demonstrating that in many cases in 
terms of this is the real value that is created from there. And that's what you will see in numbers 
coming. And we have shown some of the numbers already, you will start seeing more of that. 
But I am less focused on profit as a metric for those businesses, I am more focused on value 
creation for those businesses. 
 
We had shared at the Investor Meet that collectively those businesses had ₹8,000 crores of 
value 5 years prior or in March’2020 and in November’2025 the valuation of that was 55,000 
or 56,000 is the number we had put up there. That's the valuation just in 5 years. And we expect 
that to grow significantly after that. 
 
So, I am not directly answering your question as to which 3 I would pick but if I would pick 3 
then the other 7 wouldn't be there. 
 
Mr. Nitij: 
Just one quick follow-up. How soon do you expect to see some listings from the unlisted? 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
One listing, Last Mile Mobility. And I didn't mention that one. That one has created the most 
amount of value for us. So, there we have gotten a business that outsiders have valued and put 
money in at that level. And as we put the listing in, we would see a significant value jump from 
a listing standpoint as well. 
 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
18 
 
Mr. Nitij: 
Sir, any timelines for listing? 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
What we have said publicly is in the sort of F27 end, F28 range. Actually, F28 to be more 
realistic than F27. So, Calendar Year 2027 is what I would look at. 
 
Mr. Nitij: 
Thanks. And one more question on SUVs, if that's okay. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
I'll come back to you Nitij. 
 
Mr. Nitij: 
Okay, sure. Thanks. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Kapil, go next. 
 
Mr. Kapil:  
Yeah, thank you. Sir, the question is on the model cycle we have talked about. We have 
significantly stepped that up, you know, 10 ICE SUVs and 6 EVs. So, I would just like to hear 
your thoughts, how you have thought about increasing this? What does it mean in terms of 
CapEx, Powertrain? 
 
And also, since we are launching more ICE than EVs, how are we thinking about CAFE targets 
given the new draft that has come out? 
 
I would also like to hear some color on where you are seeing the white spaces, when you're 
talking of 16 new models? 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar:  
Yeah. So, one of the clear white spaces is all the products that will come out of the NU_IQ 
platform. You remember we had shown and you saw it at the Investor Day as well, we think 
they are very disruptive products. Even though SUV as a percentage of EV is right now 67%-
68%, as we have said in the past, not really all of them are what we would call core SUVs. And 
we really believe that the market in India for core SUVs is defined by a certain kind of ground 
clearance, seat height, etc., which are really SUV cores in the product DNA. That is roughly 
about 30%-35% of the total size of the PV pie. So, though SUVs are 68, core SUVs are in the 
30s kind of number. So, that for us is a white space. So, anyone who wants an SUV should be 
able to buy a core SUV rather than a crossover SUV. So, to us, that's one clear white space and 
we have at least 3-4 products which will come out of the NU_IQ platform, which will cater to 
that need. 
 
We believe that there is an opportunity for more upgraded rural focused vehicles and we will 
talk about that at an appropriate time. So, there is a set of products that will come out there. 
There are products we are developing for global markets which will be relevant to Indian 
context as well, so there is a portfolio there. So, at an appropriate time we will bring a wider 
visibility to what the portfolio is and in July we will talk about the next CapEx cycle. We are 
still within the 3-year cycle that we have announced. And all the work that is happening on 
these is within the number that we have put out. A lot of these were anticipated. Many of these 
new products will come out from the Nagpur facility as well.  
 
Yeah, so, I think it's going to be a very, very exciting product portfolio, very disruptive, 
meeting all the guidelines that we need as a part of our brand DNA. So, it will be a very 
exciting portfolio, Kapil. 
 
Mr. Kapil:  
Just on the EV targets and CAFE as well. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Sorry, I should have completed that part of the question. So, I mentioned that earlier, they are 
fungible because you get ICE and EV from the same NU_IQ platform. So, whatever we are 
doing on the NU_IQ platform is a common platform which enables us to do ICE and EV. So, 
we actually have a lot of fungibility. So, it is possible that the EV model of that product may do 
more than the ICE model. So, it is very fungible now. We are not doing more of the only EV 
because we found a way to now do Born EV or ground sub EV on the NU_IQ platform while 
still doing ICE on the same platform. 
 
Mr. Kapil: 
And on the CAFE, how much EV penetration do you need? 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Between 13 to 21. 
 
Mr. Kapil: 
Over the 5-year block?  
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
19 
 
 
Mr. Kapil: 
Okay. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
So, we feel very comfortable with that. 
 
Mr. Kapil: 
Yeah. And one question to Anish. Sir, you talked a lot about AI, how are we practically 
implementing this in terms of how are the business leaders identifying opportunities? And then 
how do you see it through? Is it that we are getting some external vendors to see through the 
projects? Or we are developing internal capabilities within the teams to take the projects 
forward? Just some thoughts there. 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
So, what we did about a year and a half ago is everyone working on AI across the group we put 
in one team. This is something unique we have done because normally we will have to each 
business on its own. And that team has been sharing information across all the businesses with 
regard to what's the best practice that someone has developed in one business that we can take 
to another business, who are the partners that have developed something in another business 
that we can take to a third business. And that team has helped tremendously. But this space, we 
believe it has to be leaders of a process or leaders of a business that need to really get into detail 
to understand how to change that. As I mentioned earlier, I look at it more as Excel. We can't 
get someone external to come in and implement Excel, you've got to, in some ways, teach 
everyone Excel, get them comfortable with it and have them start using it for what they do day 
to day. That's a big difference we see with AI versus elsewhere and which is why you've seen 
for the last year a lot of people struggling with. I hear AI is great but what's the real result for 
AI? 
 
And we said that as well. So, for the first year, we were literally in that space saying that it's 
over the last 4-5 months that we're starting to see a much bigger impact of that. I'm now 
spending 1-hour a day on AI because you've got to really get in and learn and understand what 
that is and apply it. Every single thing we do in AI standalone, may not really mean much. We 
look at this and say, ‘Okay, that's it’. But when you start putting all of that together, that's 
where you start seeing the impact. 
 
And when we look at our transform projects, today we have only 15 transform projects we're 
running across the group. So, it's not as if we're running 500 transform projects but those 
projects will make an impact. Now, over time, we'll get more transform projects that we bring 
in but whatever we're doing, we're seeing meaningful impact coming in from there. And that's 
giving us a lot more comfort in terms of saying, yes, we're using this well, and we will be the 
leader in this space as we go forward. But it's not just about being a leader, it's about really 
delivering real value in what we do. 
 
Mr. Kapil: 
 
Thank you. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Thank you. Gunjan. 
 
Ms. Gunjan: 
Thank you. So, most of the questions are answered, I just have very quick two follow-ups. One 
on the tractor cycle. I mean, you did mention it's tough to guess how the cycle comes through. 
I'm just trying to just, you know, think through how do we think about the industry? Is it 6-9 
months of downcycle and then we are back to normal? Or is it just the base effect that gets us a 
little bit worried about the growth in the second half? Just how do we think about industry - 
deep cyclical, is it just base effect? And in that sense, the 2-3 years growth outlook on the 
industry? 
 
The second one is on the SUV launches that you spoke about. For F27, is the understanding 
right, it's more going to be about capacity debottlenecking and ramping up of 9S? And before 
NU_IQ, there isn't much for the rest of the calendar year. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, let me take the second question first. All new in the F27? There's nothing all new. But it 
is more than capacity ramp up, so wait and watch. 
 
To the tractor question, so normally cyclicity is also linked to base effects, right. So, the reason 
you see cyclicity is after you get into base effect. So, there is a perceived saturation and then 
there's a downcycle that follows for a while. Sometimes it's triggered by economic reasons but 
sometimes it's just triggered by a base effect. We see that in CVs a lot as well, right. When 
customers are buying, they're buying like there is no tomorrow and then they kind of realize 
that they bought too much and then there's a tendency to say, ‘Okay, now let's stop for a while’. 
I'm oversimplifying it. 

Mahindra & Mahindra Limited 
May 5, 2026 
 
20 
 
 
I think the second half we have to be watchful of for two reasons because if there's a rainfall 
deficit, it's expected to happen to the later part of the year and not now. I mean, all the 
projections are talking about a rainfall deficit kicking in August, September. So, if rains are 
good in the current cycle or the current season, then it's probably not going to affect cycle 1. 
That's what we are counting on when we are doing this 5% and that's why I'm saying it will 
have to be kind of moderated. 
 
Now if rains, if actually the 35% probability kicks in, and there isn't a rainfall deficit then the 
second half only has to worry about base effect. And, of course, there will be some part of base 
effect but it may not…even if it is flattish, the year will actually end up with a good growth. So, 
we have to wait and watch to see what are these variables play out. 
 
Ms. Gunjan: 
Got it. And just lastly, on the April numbers, as I understand, had some supply-side challenges 
or labor challenges. Is that something we should assume is behind and, you know, we are okay 
with the guidance that we are giving out? 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah, I'll explain April in two parts. So, firstly when you look at last year quarter one, that is 
F26 quarter one over F25 quarter one, we grew 22%, the rest of the industry degrew 4.7%, 
okay. So, just keep that at the back of your mind when you look at the growth numbers of 
others, they're on an extremely low Q1 base. We grew 22% in Q1, so we are on a much higher 
Q1 base than anyone else is. So, when you are comparing X percent of anyone else, they were 
part of the -5. So, I'm just trying to set in context our number which, of course, was affected by 
primarily two suppliers, each of whom between PV and CV, fell short of our plan by 7,000-
8,000. Of course, one is subsumed within the other somewhat. So, it was specific to suppliers, it 
wasn't an overall capacity issue. It was two suppliers on which we had major shortages. One is 
definitely out of it, the second we've created some options and is out of it. 
 
So, we are hoping May will not be like April. April was a huge disappointment for us. But I do 
want to clarify that when you are comparing with others, just keep in mind that the rest of the 
industry without us in quarter one was -5. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati:  
We are ahead of time, okay. Should wind up? 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Yeah. 
 
Ms. Divya Gulati: 
Okay. Raghu, we'll take your question separately, we are quite ahead of time. Okay. So, just I 
think with that most of the online questions also we have answered but please write to us if 
anything is left. Thank you so much for joining us today and please join us in the adjoining 
room for some snacks. Thank you. 
 
Dr. Anish Shah: 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Rajesh Jejurikar: 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Amarjyoti Barua: 
Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
