R SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
Corporate Identity Number: L74899DL1993PLC053579  
Registered Office: GF-1-A, 6, Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi – 110019, India 
Corporate  Office: 3rd Floor, Tower No. 1, IT/ITES SEZ of Artha Infratech Pvt. Ltd, Plot No. 21, Sector 
TechZone-IV, Greater Noida West, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh - 201306, India 
rsystems.com 
Phone: +91-120-4303500 | Email: rsil@rsystems.com 
REF: SECT/05/2026/11 
DATE: MAY 13, 2026 
To,                                                                             
The Managing Director 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra – East, Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol – RSYSTEMS 
To,                                                                 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001 
BSE Scrip Code – 532735; 977286 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
SUB: SUBMISSION OF TRANSCRIPT OF THE INVESTORS/ ANALYSTS CALL FOR THE
QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 
This has reference to regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/ Analysts 
call held on Thursday, May 7, 2026, on the financial results for the quarter ended on 
March 31, 2026. 
Further, the transcript of the aforesaid Investors/ Analysts call shall be made available on the 
website of the Company at the following link:
https://www.rsystems.com/investors-analysts-call/ 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For R Systems International Limited 
Piyush Jain 
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer) 
Piyush 
Jain
Digitally signed by 
Piyush Jain 
Date: 2026.05.13 
20:46:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“R Systems International Limited  
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITESH BANSAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. NAND SARDANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
MR. KUMAR GAURAV - VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE AND 
ACCOUNTS 
 
 
 
 
Notes:  
1. Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/ discussed during or in pursuance to this Earnings Call.  
2. This transcript has been edited for readability purpose and may contain errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 

R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Kumar Gaurav: 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the R Systems Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kumar. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Swapnali. I welcome all participants to R Systems Quarter 1 2026 Earnings 
Conference Call. Since R Systems follows Calendar Year as its financial year, January-March 
quarter is Quarter 1 for us. 
We have today with us Nitesh Bansal – Managing Director and CEO of R Systems and Nand 
Sardana – CFO of R Systems. We shared the Investor Presentation late evening yesterday 
as well as uploaded on Company and Stock Exchanges websites. Hope all of you have 
received that. 
We will start the call with opening remarks on the performance of the company by Nitesh, 
followed by financial overview by Nand. Thereafter, we will have a closer statement by Nitesh. 
Subsequently, we will open up for a Q&A session. 
Before I hand over, let me read out the customary disclaimer statement on behalf of the 
Company: 
Investors are cautioned that this presentation contains certain forward-looking statements that 
involve risk and uncertainties. Company undertakes no obligation publicly to update or revise 
any such statement. These statements may undertake revision because of new information, future 
events, or otherwise. Actual results, performance, and achievement could differ from those 
expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. 
Now, I am handing over to Nitesh for his opening comment. 
Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you, Kumar. Welcome to everyone from my side as well to this 1st Earnings Call of this 
year. For those of you who are following the presentation, I will call out the slide number. Others, 
of course, as I walk through the numbers and performance, I am sure you will be able to follow 
me. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
I am going to be starting with the overall financial performance for the 1st Quarter, which is 
Slide #4: 
We are happy to report that we posted a revenue of INR 574.8 crore or $62.8 million in the  
1st Quarter, which represents a year-over-year growth of 29.9% and a quarter-over-quarter 
growth of 3.5%. The adjusted EBITDA, adjusted for RSU expenses and non-recurring costs, 
stood at INR 115.7 crore or $12.6 million, which is an EBITDA percentage of 20.1%. This is a 
year-over-year growth of 50.6% and a quarter-over-quarter growth of 13.7%. 
The adjusted net profit for the same period stood at INR 75.8 crore or $8.3 million, which is 
13.2%. This represents a year-over-year growth of 74.8% and a quarter-over-quarter growth of 
25.5%. 
The adjusted EPS stood at INR 6.4, which is 74.6% year-over-year growth or 25.4% quarter-
over-quarter growth on the EPS numbers. If you look at the last eight quarters graph, it shows 
consistent growth every quarter that the company has posted, barring a minor dip in Q1 2025, 
very minor indeed, with a strong growth and deal momentum across the last four quarters, as is 
quite visible. 
We have continued to maintain our margins in a very healthy range, as we had guided in the 
+17% margin, kind of a range. This quarter, if you look at the bridge, of course, we all know 
that we had sharp movements in foreign exchange. Indian Rupee depreciated significantly 
against the dollar. We have also seen a significant rupee depreciation benefit, which has taken 
our EBITDA to 20.1%. But even without that, we stand in the 19% range. 
Quickly moving over to detailed margin and EPS analysis, Slide #5, comparisons based on the 
same quarter last year or year-over-year: 
Last year, Q1, our revenue stood at INR 442.5 crores, which has now come to INR 574.8 crores. 
That's a 29.9% growth year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA at INR 76.8 crores, which is now INR 
115.7 crores. That's a 50.6% growth, or from 17.4% to 20.1%, which is 276 bps of increase, 
year-over-year. 
On a net profit basis, from INR 43.4 crores to INR 75.8 crores, that's a 74.8% growth in net 
profit, or 9.8% to 13.2%, which is a 339 basis points increase. The EPS going up from INR 3.7 
to INR 6.4, which is 74.6% increase. 
Same numbers compared quarter-over-quarter, which means from Q4'25 to Q1'26, we went from 
INR 555.1 crores to INR 574.8 crores in revenue. That's a 3.5% quarter-over-quarter growth, or 
INR 101.7 crore to INR 115.7 crore in EBITDA, which is a 13.7% growth, or 18.3% to 20.1% 
EBITDA, which is 180 basis points improvement. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
On adjusted net profit, INR 60.4 crores to INR 75.8 crores, that's a 25.5% growth, or 10.9% to 
13.2% as a percentage of revenue, which is a 231 basis points growth. And on EPS basis, from 
INR 5.1 to INR 6.4, which is a 25.4% growth in EPS. 
Quickly looking at the operating metrics on Slide #6: 
Our revenue distribution is largely in the same range. Americas contributes to about 69.3% of 
our revenue, with APAC contributing 17.5%, Europe 9.6%aAnd Middle East & Africa, or rather 
mostly Middle East in this case, geography that got added due to the acquisition of Novigo 
contributes about 3.6% of the total revenue, which is not a significant change from last quarter. 
That's a few percentage points here or there. 
In client concentration basis, while total contribution from our top 10 clients in revenue in dollar 
terms has remained the same, because the baseline total of the company has increased, we see 
slight percentage dip in Top 3 clients going from 13.2% to 11.5%, Top 5 going from 18.2% to 
16%, and Top 10 going from 26.9% to 24%. But broadly speaking, approximately 25% of our 
revenue comes from our top 10 clients, our top client contributes about 5.8% of the total revenue. 
Utilization, as we had been talking about a lot of investment in AI, and building R Systems as 
an ‘AI-First’ company over the course of last two quarters, we have significantly expanded our 
bench and COE investments in AI and data, which has also led to the launch of our AI studio 
called EXIQO, and I am going to talk about it in a short while. 
But there's a deliberate decrease in utilization as a result of which, for creating that COE and the 
deliberate bench on both data and AI talent, thus bringing our utilization down to about 80.5%, 
which was at its peak at about 84%. Largely in the last two quarters, taking approximately 2% 
to 2.5% dip on utilization to be able to invest in creating the ‘AI-First’, both the platform, service 
offering, having the people ready, and being able to service the market in that space. 
Our DSOs remain largely in the same range, 60 to 64 days in terms of billed DSO, and 74 days 
in terms of DSO, which is billed plus unbilled. 
Quickly looking at a few key wins in 2026 1st Quarter: 
The important thing is that as the market has heated up in the AI space, our readiness in those 
service offerings and preparing our organization to be ‘AI-First’ has actually started showing 
results or paying dividends. 
• 
The first one is a leading global technology research advisory company, which has 
asked us to develop an API-based platform for making sure that all their research 
templates, all their research data, etc., can be properly secured, accessed, delivered in 
the form of custom research reports, etc., that they deliver. It's a microservices 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
environment built using AI, and that's something that we obviously won against some 
stiff competition, and the customer awarded us looking at our capabilities in the space. 
• 
The second one is a North America-based technology company. They specialize in 
creating digital engagement, and by digital engagement, it means for a lot of B2C 
platform companies, these are the ones who help them create the digital experience of 
the customer, so they onboard large B2C platforms as their customers to create digital 
experiences using AI, creating the golden records of data, creating the personalized 
experiences around it, and we are the ones who are actually helping them and working 
with them to do this. 
• 
The third one is a leading platform on life insurance and annuity insurance, which 
obviously is extremely both secure and data-sensitive, and this platform is used by 
some of the world's largest life insurance companies to write their life insurance and 
annuity plans. The platform had been written in certain legacy languages and  has been 
working for over 20 years, and they wanted to modernize both the platform tech stack 
as well as the experience that it delivers to make it more maintainable, but for each 
customer because every customer has their own products and, etc., which are written 
on it, so we have been chosen as the trusted partner to create those playbooks for 
platform upgrades for each of those large life insurance companies where we go in 
and upgrade the platform using AI tools so that it creates minimum disruption and is 
done in a very quick timeline. 
• 
The fourth one is a major hyperscaler, one of the large hyperscalers, leading cloud and 
cloud data services companies using our capabilities and an AI platform that we have 
created to actually accelerate cloud adoption and improve performance and efficiency 
of clients who use their cloud services. 
• 
And last but not least, a very interesting global life sciences company in the aesthetics 
and cosmetic product space has asked us to develop an end-to-end consumer loyalty 
program which is spanning both medical aesthetics as well as retail products spaces 
which can create the digital engagement for their clients and help them make those 
clients for life. 
So, all in all, every single deal that we have been part of, every single conversation today is 
obviously has a little bit of AI flavor, a lot of it is to do with data but ultimately using AI and 
delivering those outcomes to the customers. 
Quickly moving on, something that we had shared with you in last quarter, our trailing 12-month 
ACV view of wins: 
We had $76.5 million of ACV on a TTM basis last quarter. We are reporting $82.5 million of 
ACV wins this quarter. So, it shows positive deal momentum, continued wins in the market and 
we continue to build our book of business according to it. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Moving on to Slide #9, I am very proud to share with you that we have refreshed our brand, 
while we have not changed the name, we are R Systems International Limited but has the brand 
logo and the entire look and feel of how people see us, how we are perceived, how our website 
and the content around it has all become very ‘AI-First’ and it is a refreshed brand look as well 
as the image and I would invite all of you to please look at it. If you go to www.rsystems.com, 
you will get to see the new RSI branding and logo. 
Along with that, we have also launched our AI studio. It's called EXIQO. It stands for ‘EX for 
Experience’, ‘IQ for Intelligence’ and ‘O for Orchestration’. EXIQO is our AI studio which 
combines the power of people, our AI-trained talent, we call them AI EV-trained talent, along 
with the Optima AI platform which I have obviously talked to all of you about in the last so 
many calls. We have worked on it over the last 20-odd months, matured the platform. It covers 
the learnings that we have had across over 130-odd projects that we have done using the 
platform. All of that experience and intelligence coming together, orchestrated to deliver 
governed enterprise-grade agentic AI solutions and the traction we are seeing in the market, etc., 
is very high. 
I would invite you to go to www.exiqo.ai which is our AI studio website, or you can go to it 
through our www.rsystems.com website as well. 
We are also proud to report that within the 1st Quarter, we also won the “AIconic Award” hosted 
by Financial Express for the “Best Use of AI in Manufacturing”. This was for what we have 
built as an AI-powered factory co-pilot solution which  we developed it for an IoT SaaS platform 
company who sells to various manufacturing companies to gather all their IoT data and produce 
the insights and analytics that will lead to good manufacturing decisions that ultimately those 
companies can implement. The role of the agentic AI powered the whole AI engine that we built 
behind it was acknowledged and awarded through this Iconic award. 
Then last but not  least, I am very happy to also announce that we recently onboarded Farooq 
Ahmad as our Chief Revenue Officer. He is going to be leading our sales engine, strengthen the 
go-to-market approach, and lead the key growth initiatives across key markets, especially 
focusing on North America in the tech space. He is based in the Bay Area. He comes with a very 
deep background and almost three decades of experience working largely in the tech sector in 
the Bay Area, helping companies grow their revenues. We are very happy to onboard Farooq to 
the leadership team. 
At this point, I would probably want to hand over to Nand to walk through the detailed financial 
statements before I come back to the final summing up, looking ahead, kind of a summary.  
Nand, over to you. 
Nand Sardana: 
Thank you, Nitesh. Good morning to all. Thank you, everybody, for attending this call. 
For those referring to the Investor Presentation, this is the last slide. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Revenue for the quarter was INR 574.8 crore or $62.8 million as against INR 555.1 crore or 
$62.5 million last quarter and INR 442.5 crore that is $51.1 million in the same quarter last year. 
This is year-on-year growth of 29.9%. This is on account of volume growth, as supported by 
rupee depreciation and Novigo acquisition. 
We have started witnessing the results from our investment in cloud, data, AI, and automation 
in terms of large-deal conversion, which is supporting sustainable revenue growth. The gross 
margin was 36% compared to 38.9% last quarter and 36.7% same quarter last year. Our quarterly 
margins are prominently impacted by reduction in utilization due to investment in AI and  
one lesser day. Also, Q4 has the benefit of some fixed-price projects true-up. SG&A expenses 
decreased by INR 22.9 crore from INR 114.3 crore in last quarter to INR 91.4 crore this quarter. 
This is mainly due to reversal of conservative AR provision on account of realization in this 
quarter, as well as true-up of year-end provision taken last quarter, being the year-end. 
The adjusted EBITDA was 20.1% compared to 18.3% last quarter and 17.4% in the same quarter 
last year. The company has been able to report robust margin percentage through operational 
leverage, improved revenue mix, and favorable exchange rates. The RSU cost under 
Management Incentive Plan is INR 6.4 crore compared to INR 7 crore last quarter. EBITDA net 
of RSU expense is 19% as against 17.1% last quarter. 
Getting down to depreciation & amortization, the total expense was INR 21.5 crore compared 
to 19.3 crore last quarter. This includes INR 9.3 crore for intangible capitalized on account of 
past acquisitions. Non-recurring expenses are on account of severance payment for certain 
redundant overseas positions. Interest expense is INR 9.6 crore compared to INR 6.8 crore last 
quarter, increases on account of full Quarter impact of debenture interest. 
Other income was INR 13.1 crore compared to INR 2 crore last quarter. Effective 1st January, 
we have adopted hedge accounting, where the effective portion of changes in fair value loss 
amounting to INR 18 crore has been recognized in the hedge reserve under equity. This will be 
reclassified to profit and loss account when the corresponding hedge transition occurs. Earlier, 
we used to mark-to-market such gain or loss, but now we have aligned with most of the  
IT companies which follows hedge accounting. 
Further, we had an exchange gain of INR 11.3 crore compared to exchange loss of 10 lakhs, last 
quarter. Further, the other income comprised of interest income of INR 60 lakh this quarter 
compared to INR 1 crore last quarter. 
During the quarter, the average rate for USD and EUR was 91.48 and 107.12, respectively, as 
against last quarter average rate of USD 89.06 and EUR 103.65, respectively. These are the two 
main currencies for R Systems. As at year-end, we have total forward cover of 46.25 million 
dollars with average rate of 91.13. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Our tax expense was INR 24.2 crore this quarter as against INR 9.4 crore last quarter.  Effective 
tax rate is around 27% due to non-deductibility of amortization for intangible acquired through 
acquisition as offset by certain tax true-ups. 
Our normalized effective tax rate is around 28%. Net profit after tax was INR 65.4 crore or $7.2 
million compared to INR 36.4 crore or $4.1 million last quarter. 
Basic EPS for the quarter was INR 5.52 compared to INR 3.08 last quarter. Adjusted EPS for 
the quarter is INR 6.4 compared to INR 5.1 last quarter. 
With this, let me hand over to the Nitesh for closing remarks. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you, Nand. Coming back to Slide #10 and I usually take view of the market and provide 
how we are seeing it and what it means for us. 
So, we ourselves had conducted a research study covering over 200 plus organizations to look 
at how the mid-market players are adopting AI and how are they scaling it. And some of the 
findings of that result, of course, helps us in kind of building our narratives and our offerings to 
the market. The survey in the global mid-market also authored jointly by Everest Group shows 
that almost 43% of the organizations are leapfrogging directly from the classical ML and 
advanced analytics directly to agentic AI models without going through a middle phase of using 
generative AI and generative AI solutions. 
There are almost 64% organizations that show high adoption of AI in various things, but the 
actual productive deployment is only at about 15%. This gap between where the organizations 
are already spending and doing stuff on AI versus only 15% getting it deployed is the clear 
opportunity for organizations like us to help those organizations realize value from their  
AI investments and that's really the big market which is available to us. 
Second point, as we saw through the survey and also through our experience throughout the 
year, getting ROI from AI is not really a tool question, it is an AI talent question and our moves 
in training our people and having all our people trained on AI with 1400 plus people are AI EV 
certified is a great asset and a differentiator to be able to service the market in a proper manner. 
So, if we look at the trends that are shaping this year, of course, organizations are running 
towards adopting AI in whatever manner but also beginning to look at the cost of running AI as 
an important factor. And as they start looking at what does it cost to run AI, they obviously then 
start looking at players like us to architect AI efficient solutions and the end-to-end systems 
which will actually deliver the results without burning a hole in their pocket. 
Legacy modernization continues to be a very large total addressable market and across all sorts 
of companies, whether they are dealing with legacy codebases, legacy data states, or reporting 
landscapes that they want to modernize. We have ourselves seen significant wins in this area 
both last year and this year as well. Enterprises have begun to recognize that engineering velocity 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
is a key differentiator in achieving ROI from AI initiatives and this has been our narrative on 
EXIQO right from day one that through our AI studio in EXIQO, we deliver engineering velocity 
because finally with the same commercially available tools, everybody can potentially 
theoretically achieve the same outcomes. But the gap between those who achieve the outcomes 
versus those who don't is really the engineering velocity that is brought in by AI experts who do 
it the first time right and get the efficient solutions rolled in, in an enterprise ready manner very 
quickly. I think all of these forces that are shaping up and the way we have prepared ourselves 
over the last year or 20 months is definitely going to create a convergence. We are seeing that 
kind of momentum in the market and we are very hopeful that it will continue to help us and 
become a tailwind for us. 
So, with that, I will end the presentation and open up for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We will take 
the first question from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, first question in terms of the AI impact on the SDLC 
software development lifecycle. So, where various industry research reports indicate SDLC may 
have relatively higher impact versus others. So, how are you witnessing such kind of 
conversations with the clients about opportunity or threat? I do agree that we have done a lot of 
developments in terms of pivoting from just the manpower kind of a delivery to AI-led delivery, 
but will this have immediate impact on the growth where clients are upfronting, asking and 
demanding AI-led productivity gain pass on versus revenue recognition may happen later? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Sandeep, thanks for your question and again, thanks for always being the first one to ask. So, 
clearly, look, AI in SDLC is a huge area and our report also suggests that SDLC is one of the 
largest areas that gets impacted and has the best outcomes and returns. We ourselves have been 
using AI in SDLC for, like I said, over the last 20 months, developed a lot of reusable assets. 
Our Optima AI platform actually boasts almost around 50 plus agents, more than 1500 prompts 
and a bunch of other reusable components that actually enable AI in SDLC to be enterprise 
ready. 
Now, to the second part of your question, and I think I have said this in the past also, AI in SDLC 
is a huge benefit or efficiency gainer for all parties. For us who are doing the work, we can do 
the work in a much lesser effort and much lesser time. And for the customer, it is an outcome 
which can be delivered in a much faster manner with high efficiencies. Now, does that create a 
risk for us or an opportunity? It's a huge opportunity for us. Reason being, we are a projects 
organization, and we have said that multiple times, in fact, over 90% of our revenue is coming 
from discretionary spend where we are doing project work for our customers. What that means 
is that it does not take away anything from us. It's not that we are doing some support, 
maintenance, etc., in a very traditional manner, which will now shrink in size because of AI. In 
fact, what it does is because we are constantly going after that discretionary spend and new 
projects every time, every new project that we bid for is already bid in a much more efficient 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
manner, which keeps us ahead of the competition. I think it is almost impossible for us to think 
today that we will bid for a project or a new development, enhancement, modernization, 
migration, whatever it is, without putting AI into it. And that's become the norm and it acts as a 
competitive advantage for us. 
It gets us into those deals and we win those deals. So, net-net, it is expanding the target market, 
total addressable market for us and we are winning those deals and hence it's a huge opportunity 
for us. Average deal size, if you compare, the deal sizes have become smaller because it doesn't 
take the same amount of time and effort to do it. But on the other side,  the target market or total 
addressable market has expanded and it overcompensates for it. I hope that answers your 
question. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Yes. And so just further to this, in the last few days, the frontier model vendors like Anthropic 
and OpenAI are also announcing, floating their IT services company in association with some 
of the global investment bankers, where they want to tap the small and medium-sized enterprises. 
So, I do agree it's early days, may not have a view, but how do you see this kind of an 
announcement from the frontier model? Will it be a big competitive threat? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, big or small, only time will tell, Sandeep. But the first thing that I see with that is it validates 
two points. #1) It validates that AI is fundamentally a people problem, not a tools problem. 
Because if it was only tools, then those frontier companies have already released the tools. They 
are also realizing that everybody who is buying their tools and using their tools is still 
complaining about not getting the benefits. So, they need the right kind of people in the equation 
to make those tools work and to deliver the enterprise benefits. So, 1) It is a huge validation of 
what we have been saying and also doing is that it is a people issue, not a tools issue. Everybody 
has the same commercial tools. #2. If it comes down to talent, it is about what kind of talent are 
they going to be assembling up and hence at what price point and how will they be able to serve 
the mid-market organizations. Clearly, sure, they have a game plan. There are large private 
equity companies who are joining hands and forces. So, there will be some play over there. But 
the market is so big that, again, it becomes availability of talent, right kind of talent in the right 
places at the right cost. And that, obviously, is not something that can run at the speed of AI. 
They will also have to go through the same motion of assembling a team, training them, getting 
them ready, bringing them in front of the client, etc. Sure, they will become a competition. But 
if as a total, it expands the market and they are one more player in it where I am already a player 
who is playing, I think there is enough to go around, and we all will have a significant piece to 
work with. So, right now, I see it as validation of what we are doing. And as they really grow 
their feet and hit the ground, we will start seeing what kind of competition they become. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. And just last few and then I will come in the follow-up. It seems the growth 
could have been driven by full quarter consolidation of Novigo in this quarter. And there could 
be a possible decline in the organic revenues, which could be also due to seasonally week where 
higher number of holidays being there on a Q-on-Q in the 1st Quarter. So, do you believe this is 
a quarterly operation and we can organically have a growth turnaround starting again from the 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
2nd Quarter? And ACV, which we have disclosed in this quarter, is on the same definition 
excluding Novigo, correct? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, let me answer the three parts. We do have the benefit of full quarter consolidation of Novigo, 
so no doubt about it. However, I just wanted to clarify, and this question may come up later 
again, is that the Novigo revenues, though they are a full quarter, this was the first full quarter 
of Novigo that got consolidated with R Systems. And this was also the first fiscal year end for 
Novigo that happened together with us. As a result, and which is the right practice to do, we 
have aligned a lot of their accounting practices to align with R Systems practices, including 
accounting policies and revenue recognition norms, etc. As a result of which, there is a certain 
amount of revenue recognition change that has taken place going from gross basis to net basis 
on some certain kind of license revenues, some norms on fixed price accounting, and those kinds 
of things. So, what you may have in mind is what we had given as the size of Novigo full year 
revenues, when we had acquired the company at about $32 million a year. That restated will 
stand at about $21-$22 million a year. And as a result, you would see that, yes, there is a small 
amount of degrowth in quarter-on-quarter basis because, of course, there is a reduction number 
of days versus Q4. And like Nand Ji said in his financial statement read out, that we also had 
benefits of some fixed price project true-ups in Q4, as they normally take place. But having said 
that, we have largely remained flat organically, and we have very strong deal momentum, and 
we are very confident that the organic growth continues to be there, and we continue to gain the 
market share and will continue to grow. Novigo adds to that, and they also continue to grow in 
their markets. They obviously were also impacted by the Middle East crisis to some extent in 
Q1. So, that hopefully will be a thing behind us, and then that will contribute to positive growth 
in that front as well. So, overall, I do not see any challenges to the positive outlook for this 
quarter as we are in Q2, and we will continue to report accordingly. 
Sandeep Shah: 
Okay, thanks. We will come in the follow-up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vinay Menon from Monarch Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vinay Menon: 
Thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my side. One, we recently read that 
Blackstone has partnered up with Anthropic, and a couple of other private equities are also there, 
and they are planning basically to deploy their engineers within the organization and even to the 
portfolio companies within Blackstone. Now, that is an area where we have done well over the 
last year, year and a half. So, how do you see this playing out, and could this kind of model 
threaten other mid-market players as well? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Vinay, first, again, thanks for joining in and for your question. So, yes, Blackstone and a 
bunch other private equities have joined in to put in money in what would eventually be some 
kind of a consulting company with Anthropic, etc. And without reading too much into it, whether 
it is any private equity, they are all going to look at a good opportunity as an investment 
opportunity and would invest. So, I am not reading too much into that. Going back to whether 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
this will get deployed across pre-prod codes or mid-market companies, and they will benefit 
from it. Possibly all of that. Obviously, early days, they need to stand up the team and build a 
team and build their playbooks. Like I was saying earlier, I see it as a strong validation of our 
playbooks that value from AI and ROI will come through engineering velocity. And you need 
those kinds of AI specialists to be able to implement it in a manner that it brings that velocity. 
It is also a combination of understanding  clients’ business and how they are going to use AI, 
which we believe we have developed over the last 20, 30 years of working with clients and 
various industries in learning their business and then understanding how we can impact. That is 
again something that will be slightly challenging to stand up overnight. But having said that, 
when it comes to Blackstone business, we have continued to win against competition. I have 
said that earlier in many calls as well. We are lucky to be part of Blackstone portfolio because 
we do get introduced to various portfolio companies and have a quicker path to having a 
conversation with them. But beyond that, I have to win a deal based on merit against competition 
in the same manner as anybody else does. We would just see them as one more competition 
because neither us nor them will get pushed into an account like somebody is mandated to use 
either of us. So, we will have to continue to play to our strengths. And we believe that the 
experience we have, that the platform we built, which is directly targeted towards delivering 
ROI to enterprises and all our working practices will continue to hold us in good stead. They 
will have their strengths and just like any competition, we will have to measure up their strengths 
and then continue to pivot on our playbooks to make sure that we continue to win. So, right now, 
it is a lot of hypothetical, Vinay. They do not really have a company today. So, we will keep a 
good watch on it and clearly see how it plays out. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. Thanks for that. In terms of the ACV, you have mentioned that deal sizes are coming 
down. So, if you can just mention what kind of deal sizes were there, which we have added this 
quarter. And you said the time is increasing. So, a little bit more color on that would be helpful. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Vinay, when I say deal sizes are coming down, I do not mean deal sizes for us are coming 
down. What I meant was that a deal which is delivered in a traditional manner would have been 
X. Now, because of AI, it can be delivered in a much lesser than X kind of a thing. But for us, 
on the other hand, average deal sizes have gone up because as we have transformed our own 
offerings, we are taking end-to-end objectives. We are doing transformations for our customers. 
So, what used to be build one feature or put a sprint team together and put a pod of people has 
now converted to conversations where we are like, here is a large application, 3 million lines of 
code written in legacy. Can you migrate it in a short period of time using AI? And we would 
have that as probably a million-dollar deal. Now, that itself in the past could have been a $1.5 
million or $2 million deals, which is now a million-dollar because it is done through AI. But for 
us, deal sizes, because of this new TAM, our deal sizes are still improving. So, the market may 
look at it as it takes much lesser to do the same thing. That is the AI efficiency. But we are 
benefiting from it because we are able to play in that new TAM and build our deal sizes 
accordingly. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. And just last one thing that SG&A came down this quarter, I just want to get an idea on 
how it will be going on because we obviously, in terms of the growth we are doing, I think it 
should normalize maybe in the next few quarters. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes. SG&A coming down is not a reflection of any reduction in investment or people, neither 
in sales nor in G&A. It is actually, and Nand Ji would probably explain it if needed in detail,  
Q4 being the last quarter and before closing the books, we have to provision for any AR, etc. 
and through whatever follow-ups, etc., in Q1, we ended up collecting all of that AR. And that 
reversal is what kind of reflects in the reduction of SG&A. So, it is our investments in sales and 
marketing and all of those are intact. In fact, we continue to increase those. And hence, when we 
look at going forward, perhaps I think this quarter we are talking about 10 million, it will 
probably, our normal run rate is at 11mn or 11 point something, and we will come back to that. 
Vinay Menon: 
Okay. Thank you. I will get back in the queue. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of things that I wanted to understand. Firstly, 
now that Novigo has been fully integrated within R Systems, and as I understand it, is that it has 
a relatively larger set of customers. So, have we been able to make any inroads with R Systems 
delivery portfolio for particularly Novigo clients? I know it's early days, but anything that you 
want to highlight over there? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Yes, sure, Anmol. And thanks for that question. While it is early days, but right from day one, 
we have focused on getting our go-to markets aligned and making sure that both Novigo and  
R Systems are able to leverage each other's capabilities. Very happy to say that today there are 
at least, close to a dozen deals where Novigo and R Systems teams are cross-engaged, and at 
least maybe three clients where Novigo clients have received R Systems service delivery because 
of competencies or new capabilities that we sold to them, and at least one client where R Systems 
client is using Novigo's competency to deliver. So, that kind of cross-leverage is already 
happening. That's the fundamental premise of doing an acquisition, which complements us in 
capabilities and so that we can expand our offerings with our clients. So, absolutely, we are 
seeing the evidence of that taking place. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood sir. And I also wanted to understand organic growth in this quarter. You said that it 
is flattish. However, if we include one and a half months of Novigo acquisition, which could 
contribute nearly about 5-6% to the growth rate, even if there's some reduction in the revenues, 
then also there would be around 3% to 4% of the revenues, which will be from the Novigo 
acquisition incrementally. So, just from that perspective, I wanted to understand what would be 
the organic growth in this quarter, and secondly, also the outlook for this year. How are we 
thinking about growth in this particular year organically from the R Systems perspective? 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, like I said given that last quarter we had half a quarter of Novigo coming in, this quarter, full 
quarter, and the adjustments to accounting policies, as well as some amount of fixed price, true-
ups, etc., that took place. I think the last quarter numbers do not provide a very clear straight-
line method to look at top-line in that manner. Good news is that all those adjustments, all those 
alignments to accounting policies, etc., have already been done. So, what you are seeing as this 
quarter’s numbers is a good baseline to understand what the combined numbers look like. And 
like I said, may be one-on-one Nand Ji provide a little more detail. But overall, we have grown 
as a company. Like I said, organically, this quarter was flat, but that's, again, largely due to 
reduction of days and some fixed price true-ups in Q4. We have won new business, and our 
overall, while we don't provide any forward guidance and flavors, but very high confidence that 
both organically, as well as combined entities, we are on the right trajectory for doing what we 
promised to our investors to continue to grow the organization. If you look at EBITDA numbers, 
we have delivered on EBITDA as promised. And because none of the accounting adjustments 
impact our overall EBITDA and profit margins and we have posted a very strong number with 
$12.6 million there. And we continue to be positive about capability to maintain our overall 
EBITDA in the line. 
Anmol Garg: 
And then lastly, I wanted to understand are we seeing any trends where GCCs are being 
established by the mid-market players as well? And is that a risk to our client base as of now or 
do you see that maybe this can be an opportunity in terms of the GCC revenue that we might get 
from potential new clients? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, Anmol, we had launched our own GCC services like six quarters ago, when we started 
helping mid-market customers to establish their COEs, create their GCCs or participate in their 
GCC scale-up offerings. We have successfully helped close to eight or nine organizations in 
various stages of their GCC formations. What we see is that when customers decide and they 
want to have a GCC they will obviously want to do that. But when they do it with us, they have 
a much higher chance of establishing a successful GCC or COE, whichever name they want to 
call it. And we have actually gained a lot of trust and confidence with the customers in doing so, 
which basically means it gives us a sustainable business on a long-term basis. Even if there is a 
part of the business that they will run themselves, we become long term partners. So, yes, we do 
know that there is always going to be and at least in mid-market, it's something that every mid-
market player is looking at, that they will look at GCC players, but they also want experts like 
us to work alongside. And we are using that as an opportunity for our growth. 
Anmol Garg: 
Understood. And lastly, one very industry specific question that I wanted to ask is how are we 
seeing the token cost, particularly right now when we are using AI models? And who is bearing 
that cost, whether the client is bearing it or we are bearing it? And does it differ in time and 
material versus outcome based contract on who bears this cost? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, token cost for output delivered to the client is usually, I would say, in almost 100% cases 
borne by the client, either they provide us subscription to the front end model that they are 
subscribed to, or we would do it, but we will pass on the costs. So, to that extent, the token costs 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
does belong to the client. We also end up incurring our own token costs because of the trainings, 
because of our own COE, R&D, development, etc., that we do. We believe that our ability to 
deliver AI with most optimal token costs is one of the differentiators, because we have built 
FinOps models within our AI ecosystem in Optima AI. And that is something that the CFOs at 
the client sites really love to see, because when they are implementing themselves, they actually 
have no clue of what those costs would be. We are at least able to give them a clear metering of 
what the costs are and how the costs are going to be reduced. But to your question most of those 
costs when delivering to the clients belong to the clients. 
Anmol Garg: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Thanks for answering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Varun Kulkarni from InCred AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The question on GCC has already been 
answered, so I will probably skip that. Some basic questions would be, in terms of the AI and 
non-AI, is there a revenue split, or is it too nascent at this point to actually give that number 
split? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
We do try and keep track of how our AI revenue is developing, with all the investments we are 
making, it's not exactly coming from a system, so we are not reporting it yet. But just to give 
you an idea, approximately 29% of our revenue today comes from AI and AI-enabled services. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
Got that. And I don't know, I just wanted to ask you, in terms of the total employee headcount, 
do we report that number because it's not there in the investor PPT? And what would be the 
attrition rate at this point? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, we report the total headcounts, it's part of the press release. You would be able to see it there. 
We are about 5,400 employees globally. And attrition currently is running at, I believe, 
approximately 11%, which is lower than the industry. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
And another very basic question, in terms of the verticals, do we have the split for that and also, 
in which vertical are we seeing optimum usage of AI at this point? And going forward, where 
are we anticipating this AI implementation to be more in which sector? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
To answer the first part, we do share the split. Again, it's part of the press release. TIPS, which 
is Tech, Internet, Platforms and Services, is our largest vertical. It contributes about (+40%) of 
our revenues. Being the entire technology product space, obviously it's a very fast adopter of AI. 
So, from our perspective, we do see a lot of usage of AI in that space. Our second, third largest 
verticals are Telecom, Media, Entertainment and Healthcare. And again, in those spaces, we are 
seeing AI adoption happen at various spaces, depending on, again, the maturity and size of the 
customer. I think the jury is still out in terms of who or which industry will lead the AI race. But 
clearly, tech companies are definitely eating their dog food. So, tech companies will continue to 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
lead this for some time before other industries start catching up and have enough investments to 
say that they are doing more AI than the tech companies themselves. 
Nand Sardana: 
Just a small correction. Vertical we report as part of Annual Report, but not in the quarterly press 
release. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
I stand corrected. Thanks for that information. Yes. It's part of our Annual Report. 
Varun Kulkarni: 
That’s what I thought. Sure. These are the only questions from my side. Thanks. 
Nand Sardana: 
That should be the last question. Yes. Take the last question, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Mayank Babla from Chameleon AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. So, my question was around your AI offerings, be it the 
EXIQO AI Studio or the Optima AI platform. Could you pinpoint which specific problem 
statements are you trying to solve within the enterprise architecture with this? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, EXIQO AI Studio is, like I said earlier, it's a People plus Platform and orchestration. And 
the platform in there is Optima AI. So, it's one and the same thing. And if you look at our 
www.EXIQO.ai website, it very clearly also lays out, we are basically addressing three essential 
problems or addressing three narratives. We are doing AI for achieving acceleration in SDLC, 
the Software Development Lifecycle. This is the core bread and butter of our business. We do 
engineering for a living. And now we are doing engineering with AI. And we are helping 
companies accelerate their software development lifecycle using AI. Second, we are addressing 
a specific component, which is about doing legacy modernization. Like I have said, it's a massive 
time for us and for everyone. And legacy modernization, whether it is legacy code base, whether 
it is legacy data estate or legacy reporting infrastructure, we are able to modernize it using AI 
from anything to a modern stack and do it in a manner that, like we love to call it, we change it 
from black box to glass box. The third playbook that we are addressing is AI for business 
objectives. And this is where, right from customer experience, contact center, customer service, 
all the way to deep down, deep business domain workflows, which can be now done  
Agentically. And for example, whether it is insurance claims process, whether it is revenue cycle 
management process in healthcare, whether it is KYC process in banking, or it is a bunch of the 
horizontal processes in the CFO area, whether account receivables, payables, the P2P matching, 
the three-way matching of invoices, a bunch of those things which can now be done Agentically. 
And we have built end-to-end agent ecosystems orchestrated together to accomplish these kinds 
of business objectives. So, three problem statements that we are addressing, SDLC, 
modernization, and business workflows. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Mayank Babla: 
Sure. And if you had to highlight the differentiation or moat this platform has versus platform 
offerings by peer IT companies, what would that one or two moats that would be for as your 
right to win versus others? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, our right to win is built on the fact, while we don't sell the platform, this platform is 
essentially providing reusable artifacts across all of these three narratives that I talked about, and 
enables any organization to achieve enterprise-ready AI outcomes within a matter of weeks, 
because all the essential elements, we built is like a five-layer cake, all the essential elements of 
Security, Guardrails, Usage Policies, Token Optimization, Specific Compliances, all of those 
things are pre-built that can be applied directly to any enterprise in a matter of weeks. And this 
is something that organizations take six months to build with expert talent also. So, once that is 
done and with all the reusable agents, assets, or everything that's there, and then our AI EV 
trained talent, and again, our differentiation is that AI EV is not a certification that one can buy 
from outside. It's a proficiency-based framework that we have come out with. And our people 
who know how to use AI, especially all this enterprise-ready AI assets which can then be 
deployed to a client, hence delivering the real ROI of achieving outcomes within months. And 
that's what we show on the website also, almost 2x productivity, almost 50% reduction in 
turnaround time, and those kinds of things. So, that's what creates the mode for us with our 
clients, wherever we are using this. 
Mayank Babla: 
Thank you. Thank you for that. And this last question is a data point question. So, how much 
does fixed-price projects and time and material contribute to revenue? And how has this mix 
changed over the last one and two years? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
So, traditionally, the company's revenue was largely time and material-based because that's how 
tech companies usually contract. And there were long-term customers where we were building 
products or feature sets for them, etc. But as we have changed our offerings to more of these 
transformation offerings, especially data and AI-led, our business mix has obviously moved 
more towards fixed price, and AI will obviously lead to more outcome-based pricing as well. 
While these numbers are not accurate to the point, but approximately speaking, what till last year 
would have been approximately, let's say, 10% fixed price. Last year, as in 2024, has already 
probably changed to maybe closer to 15% or 16% in 2025, and we believe that it will continue 
to move in the favor of fixed price as we go along and as we do more and more of these 
transformation objectives. 
Mayank Babla: 
Any target in mind over here, if you can give? 
Nitesh Bansal: 
No, not really, because we have to play with what is the business that we are attracting, and we 
don't have a target mix because it's not a trade-off between A or B, right? I mean, we are better 
off doing AI objectives on fixed price basis versus serving the legacy mandates on time and 
material basis. So, I think it will move along with the business mix change. 
Mayank Babla: 
Sure, sure. Thank you so much, and best of luck on the rest of the year. 

 
R Systems International Limited 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitesh for closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Nitesh Bansal: 
Thank you so much, and once again, thanks to all participants and everybody who asked 
questions. Like I have always observed, these questions act as a good input to us to continue to 
focus on all the right areas and things that if we have left out or not really considered, then take 
them into consideration. I continue to enjoy these calls and look forward to seeing you all on the 
next investor call in a quarter from now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of R Systems, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
