 
CIN: L24231GJ1989PLC013141 
Registered Office: 129/1/A, G.I.D.C. Estate Nandesari, Baroda-391340, Gujarat, India.  
Phone No.: +91 265 2840656, 7624095107 
Corporate Office: 601, 602, 6th Floor, Sears Towers-2, Gotri-Sevasi Road, Sevasi, Vadodara-390021, Gujarat, 
India Website: www.sudeepgroup.com, Email ID: mail@sudeepgroup.com 
Date: 28th May 2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Symbol- SUDEEPPHRM 
BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 544619 
 
Sub: Q4 & FY 2025-26 Earnings Call Transcript 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
We refer to our previous letter dated 22nd May 2026, wherein the Company updated the audio 
link of Earnings call held on 22nd May 2026 to discuss the operational & financial performance 
of the Company for the quarter and Financial Year ended on 31st March 2026. In context therein, 
kindly find attached herewith transcript of the referred Earnings call. 
A 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at  
https://www.sudeeppharma.com/investor-relations/financial-results/#concall-transcript  
Kindly take the same on record.  
Thanking You. 
For Sudeep Pharma Limited 
 
 
Dimple Mehta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M. No.: F13184 
 
ENCL: A/a 
DIMPLE
ASHWINBHAI
MEHTA
Digitally signed by DIMPLE
ASHWINBHAI MEHTA
DN: cn=DIMPLE ASHWINBHAI MEHTA,
c=IN, st=Gujarat, o=Personal, title=8748,
serialNumber=be901a7b4cfd5ff4b6e3310
581e678582e8fcab3536586c4a365ba53e
ccbf1a6
Date: 2026.05.28 13:58:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Sudeep Pharma Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 22, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors and readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 22/05/2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUJIT BHAYANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SUDEEP PHARMA LIMITED 
 
MR. SHANIL BHAYANI – DIRECTOR – SUDEEP PHARMA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN VYAS – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SUDEEP PHARMA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sudeep Pharma Limited Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on 
the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve 
risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
From the company, we have with us today Mr. Sujit Bhayani, Managing Director; Mr. Shanil 
Bhayani, Director; and Mr. Ketan Vyas, Chief Financial Officer. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sujit Bhayani, Managing Director at Sudeep Pharma Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Sujit Bhayani: 
Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Sudeep Pharma team, I would like to thank you all for 
joining us today for our Q4 and FY26 earning conference call and for your continued support 
and confidence in the company. FY26 has been a significant year for us, marked by multiple 
strategic milestones and meaningful progress across our businesses. 
During the year, we successfully completed our listing, acquired Nutrition Supply Services, NSS 
in Europe to strengthen our nutrition platform, made a substantial progress on our new greenfield 
manufacturing expansion, and also completed the groundbreaking and initiated construction of 
a battery material project at Dahej in Gujarat. 
What makes this progress particularly encouraging is that it was achieved despite a challenging 
global operating environment marked by geopolitical uncertainties, volatility in raw material 
and energy prices, logistic disruptions, and evolving global trade dynamics. Even under these 
conditions, the company delivered resilient operational performance and growth to conclude 
FY26 on a positive note. 
These developments reflect the continued strengthening of our business fundamentals, customer 
relationship, manufacturing capabilities, and long-term growth platforms. As we move ahead, 
we remain focused on building the business with a disciplined and a long-term approach, while 
continuing to create value across all of our key stakeholders 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Shanil, who will take you through the business and 
operational highlights in greater detail. Thank you. Over to you, Shanil. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Good morning, and a very warm welcome to all of you joining us today. FY26 has been one of 
the most transformational years in Sudeep Pharma's journey, marked by meaningful investments 
towards building the company's next phase of growth through capacity expansion, strengthening 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
our global commercial presence, deepening customer engagement across international markets, 
and developing new growth platforms for the future. 
These investments were undertaken despite a highly volatile operating environment 
characterized by geopolitical uncertainty, raw material inflation, logistic disruption, energy 
supply challenges, and evolving global trade dynamics. 
As we enter FY27, we believe many of the strategic initiatives undertaken over the last 18 to 24 
months are now beginning to translate into stronger customer engagement, improved market 
positioning, and better long-term growth visibility across the business. 
I would also like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank all our investors for the trust and 
support you have shown us throughout the journey. For those joining us for the first time, and 
as a brief refresher for our long-term stakeholders, I will begin by outlining our journey and the 
strategic direction that continues to guide our growth. 
Headquartered in Vadodara, Sudeep Pharma was established in 1989 with a single 
manufacturing facility and two calcium-based products. Over the years, the company has 
evolved from being a manufacturer of mineral-based pharmaceutical excipients into a 
technology-driven global supplier of mineral excipients and specialty ingredients. 
Today, we cater to customers across pharmaceutical, food, and nutrition segments globally, 
supported by a diversified portfolio of approximately 100 products. We currently operate five 
manufacturing facilities, four located in Gujarat and one in Ireland, which was added through 
the acquisition of NSS in May last year. 
NSS is a specialized nutrition blending company with a strong presence in critical segments such 
as infant nutrition and medical nutrition. At present, Sudeep Pharma serves customers in close 
to 100 countries with operations broadly organized under two key business verticals, pharma 
food and nutrition, and specialty ingredients. 
Starting with our pharma food and nutrition vertical, this business continues to remain the core 
pillar of Sudeep Pharma, contributing approximately 56% of our FY26 revenues. During the 
year, the vertical reported revenue growth of 10% over FY25. The performance was driven by 
continued healthy demand across our calcium and iron portfolio, with India and Europe being 
the key growth contributors geographically. 
Complementing our existing product portfolio, we are witnessing a strong rise in demand for the 
next-generation mineral molecules such as bisglycinate, which we recently launched under our 
AbsorBis brand portfolio. These ingredients are clinically proven for enhanced absorption in the 
human body, targeting key areas such as sleep, muscle relaxation, and recovery. These products 
are strategically positioned within higher value application – sorry, these products are 
strategically positioned within higher value application segments with superior realization and 
margin profile. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
With several key customer approvals already secured across North America and Europe, we 
expect this category to progressively become an important contributor towards both growth and 
margin expansion for the company, with a total global demand of approximately $1 billion for 
the bisglycinate ingredient category alone. 
While the business faced challenges during the year due to sharp increase in critical raw material 
prices, particularly phosphoric acid, arising from higher sulfur costs globally, we were able to 
successfully pass on the price impact to customers without material margin compression. This 
reflects the highly critical and functional role of our ingredients within the customer 
formulations, resulting in a strong customer stickiness and acceptance. 
The benefits of these pricing actions are expected to progressively reflect over the coming 
quarters. Importantly, with the addition of our upcoming greenfield facility, which I will discuss 
in more detail shortly, we believe this vertical is now entering its next phase of growth. 
Historically, growth in this segment was partially moderated due to infrastructure and capacity 
limitations. 
However, the new facility will significantly strengthen our capabilities in higher value molecules 
such as gluconates, glycinates, and citrates, while also expanding our overall manufacturing 
infrastructure for future growth. 
Coming to our specialty ingredients vertical, this business continues to demonstrate strong 
momentum during the year and remains our fastest-growing segment. The contribution of 
specialty ingredients increased from 34% in FY25 to approximately 44% in FY26 , with overall 
revenue growth of 62% compared to FY25, reflecting the increasing scale and strategic 
importance of this business. 
Revenue for the vertical grew from INR172 crores to INR280 crores during the year. This 
segment is particularly witnessing strong traction globally across critical applications such as 
infant nutrition, medical nutrition, sports nutrition, and dietary supplements, where customers 
increasingly value differentiated, high-functionality ingredients supported by reliable supply 
capabilities. Looking ahead to FY27, we are particularly encouraged by the momentum we are 
witnessing across North America and Europe. 
Over the last 12 to 18 months, we have made meaningful investments in strengthening our 
commercial presence, technical teams, inventory infrastructure, warehousing capabilities, and 
customer engagement across both these strategic markets. We are now beginning to see the early 
benefits of these investments through stronger customer conversion, improving wallet share, 
deeper engagement with large global accounts, and a growing pipeline of commercialization 
opportunities. 
Importantly, these markets represent a structurally higher value-product mix for the company 
and therefore, remain strategically important not only from a growth perspective but also from 
a long-term margin expansion standpoint. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
While we remain mindful of the broader macroeconomic environment, we believe FY27 could 
mark an important inflection point in scaling our international business. The growth during the 
year was primarily led by product expansion, wallet share gain, and new customer approvals. 
Compared to FY25, we received around 51 new customer approvals in FY26, which are 
expected to meaningfully contribute to the growth of the business in the coming financial year. 
With respect to NSS, the acquisition we made in Ireland earlier last year, the integration process 
across operations and supply chain continues to progress smoothly. To further strengthen the 
business and accelerate expansion outside of Ireland, we recently appointed Mr. Mattias 
Fredrickson, as the new business head of NSS. Mattias brings over 30 years of industry 
experience across the pharma and nutrition ingredient sector in Europe, along with strong market 
relationships and extensive commercial expertise. 
His previous experience, particularly with one of the world's largest vitamin and mineral 
companies, is expected to play an important role in accelerating NSS's expansion across high-
potential European markets, especially within infant nutrition and critical care segments. 
Moving to our new greenfield manufacturing project, this facility has been strategically 
developed to strengthen both our manufacturing infrastructure and future product capabilities 
for the pharma, food, and nutrition verticals. During the year, the project experienced some delay 
in commissioning, primarily due to shortages and disruptions in LPG and energy supplies. 
However, I am pleased to share that we have now successfully completed internal production 
validation and qualification at the facility and have initiated the customer approval process. We 
expect customer qualification timelines to range between six to 12 months, depending on product 
categories and customer audit requirements. Once operationalized at scale, the facility will 
significantly enhance our capabilities in high-value, next-generation mineral molecules, 
including glycinate and gluconate. 
I would now like to share an update on Sudeep [inaudible 0:12:57], which represents one of the 
most exciting long-term growth opportunities for the company. During FY26, we successfully 
conducted the groundbreaking ceremony for our battery materials project at Dahej, which 
remains on track for commissioning of Phase 1 capacity of 25,000 metric tons per year by April 
2027. Work at the site continues to remain a key priority as we push to bring capacities online 
in line with growing customer demand. 
At SAM, customer engagement and commercial traction continue to strengthen significantly 
during the year. Global customers across the LFP value chain are increasingly accelerating their 
China Plus One sourcing strategies, driven by supply chain diversification requirements, 
geopolitical considerations, and the need for long-term supply security across critical battery 
materials. This is creating a significant opportunity for Sudeep Advanced Materials, particularly 
given our positioning as one of the very few companies globally, capable of offering a reliable 
ex-China source of battery-grade iron phosphate at scale. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
During the year, we materially expanded our global qualification pipeline and are currently 
engaged with 42 customers across the cathode, cell, EV, and ESS ecosystem, spanning across 
Korea, Japan, Indonesia, India, Europe, and the United States. Out of these 42 customers, 22 
customers are currently at the lab validation stage, 14 customers have progressed to pilot-scale 
evaluation, and six customers have successfully completed commercial validation and are 
currently in active off-take discussions with us. 
Encouragingly, we have also started receiving initial commercial purchase orders, including 
approximately 700 metric tons over the last month alone, supporting customer efforts to 
diversify sourcing away from China. Based on the strength of current customer engagement, 
ongoing qualification progress, and commercial discussions underway, we are increasingly 
confident about the demand environment for our Phase 1 capacity of 25,000 metric tons. 
While we remain disciplined in our execution approach, the current trajectory of customer 
engagement, qualification progress, and ongoing commercial discussions give us increasing 
confidence in the demand visibility for this business vertical. We believe the battery materials 
industry is entering a powerful long-term structural growth cycle. The rapid expansion of energy 
storage infrastructure, particularly to support the next generation of AI-driven data centers, is 
expected to remain a major growth driver for this segment. 
During FY26, we delivered healthy growth across both business verticals, expanded our global 
customer base, strengthened our international presence, and continued to execute on key 
strategic priorities. As we enter FY27, we are encouraged by the momentum across the business. 
The investments we have made over the last several years are beginning to translate into 
accelerating commercial activity, deeper customer relationships, and a growing opportunity 
pipeline. 
With an enhanced operating platform, increasing global relevance, and multiple drivers for 
future value creation, we believe Sudeep Pharma is well positioned to capitalize on the 
opportunities ahead. 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Ketan Vyas, our CFO, who will take 
you through the financial performance for Q4 and FY26 in greater detail. 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you, Shanil, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial 
performance for Q4 and FY26, despite a volatile operating environment. This [inaudible 
0:17:28] the pricing impact to customers without material margin compression during the period. 
Coming to financial year '26 financial highlights, revenue from operations for FY26 grew by 
27.9% on year-on-year basis to INR642.3 crores as compared to INR501.9 crores in FY25. 
EBITDA for FY26 also grew by 16.8% to INR221.9 crores as against INR189.9 crores in FY25. 
EBITDA margin for the year stood at 34.6% as compared to 37.8% in FY25. PAT for the year 
stood at INR174.3 crores as against INR138.7 crores in FY25. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Coming to Q4 FY26 financial highlights, revenue from operations for the quarter grew by 15.7% 
on Y-o-Y basis to INR182.3 crores in Q4 FY26 as compared to INR157.5 crores in Q4 FY25. 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR62.6 crores as compared to INR58.8 crores in Q4 FY25. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 34.3%. 
PAT for the quarter stood at INR48.5 crores as compared to INR44.2 crores in Q4 FY25. On the 
business mix, FY26, our export business contributed to 60%, while domestic business 
contributed to 40%. For FY26, speciality business contributed to 44%, while pharma food and 
nutrition business contributed to 56%. 
Coming on the balance sheet side and explaining the working capital performance. During the 
year, our working capital days increased from 184 days to 213 days, which was mainly due to 
increase in inventory days.  
Our inventory value increased by INR88 crores as compared to previous year, of which raw 
material increased by INR41 crores and finished goods increased by INR37 crores. Increase in 
finished goods inventory was largely strategic in nature to support customer commitment in the 
Europe and US region for the upcoming quarters. We are seeing the inventory getting liquidated 
in the current and upcoming quarters. 
Further, on the raw material side, our price contract was scheduled to expire in March ‘26 
especially for key raw materials like phosphoric acid. Considering the significant volatility in 
global phosphorus and related raw material prices, we proactively increased our raw material 
inventory to ensure supply continuity and mitigating procurement risks. 
Consequently, raw material inventory increased from INR54 crores to INR95 crores, 
representing an increase in INR41 crores. There was also an impact on cut-off sales because of 
which there was an increase in FG of INR10 crores. 
That said, we are consciously focusing on improving balance sheet efficiency and through tighter 
inventory management, better receivables collections and overall working capital optimization, 
which should support our gradual normalization going forward.  
We are internally focused on managing our net working capital cycle and targeting to come 
around 150 to 160 days within this financial year. As of 31st March 2026, the company's net 
debt stood at INR33.6 crores with a net debt-to-equity ratio of 0.04x, reflecting a conservative 
and comfortable leverage position. 
With this, I would like to conclude the presentation and open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes. Good morning. Thanks. Thanks for this opportunity. I've got a few questions. First from 
the pharma food and nutrition, I understand that we don't look at quarterly. But even for the year 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
as a whole, the growth is 10%. I believe there will be some amount of pricing benefit which 
would have baked into it because of the raw material inflation, which is phosphoric acid. 
It appears that the volume growth in the segment is probably 5-ish percent or somewhere around 
5% as an inflation. How should we see this segment and why the growth has been relatively 
muted when we compare to the specialty? I thought we were looking for a faster growth even in 
the same segment. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Yes. Good morning, Sanjeshji. Thank you for the question. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Good morning. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So I think while we don't have data maybe in the deck, I think pharma food nutrition has actually 
grown faster from a quantity standpoint. So product mix has changed. I think the quantity volume 
growth is north of 20% in this category. What we are seeing is for phosphate specifically, the 
price increase we have only passed on to the customers in Q1. So we have continued to honor 
the orders in March and April. 
You will see the partial benefit reflecting Q1 and more importantly in Q2 going forward. Also 
phosphate is the category where our capacity utilization is at its optimum level. So as soon as 
we now that we have the Greenfield commissioned, that will significantly be able to give us 
flexibility in taking on larger off-take agreements or building wallet share specifically for 
phosphate. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. But even if I look at it from the EBITDA standpoint for the segments, it really doesn't 
show the 20% growth benefiting into the EBITDA, if I were to believe that the volume growth 
was 20%. The EBITDA growth is still a little underwhelming, in fact, for this entire year. What 
explains that? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
You mean specifically, EBITDA in general? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Pharma, food. No, no. EBITDA for pharma food and nutrition. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So I think there are a couple of things that we are doing, Sanjesh, I think. One is, there is, so 
phosphate in general, I would say that is where, say for example, from a margin contribution, it 
probably has one of the larger margin contributions for the business. Other product categories 
which we have recently introduced into the category or as a product glycinate, gluconate, the 
operational cost is currently higher because we are operating at lower capacity, running a 
temporary or I would say smaller capacity line. 
So you will see all these ingredients materially kind of deliver the margin that they're capable of 
once we move these product categories to the greenfield. Currently, they are being operated plus 
additionally what has happened is for pharma food nutrition, we have gone through a significant 
recruitment cycle to support the new greenfield that we have, that we are going to be operating. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
But because we have not entirely started generating revenue, all of those, all those expenses of 
employees are also sitting in the pharma food nutrition vertical today. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So next year, what, how should we see for pharma food and nutrition with green plant already 
operational? I think we have largely done our hiring. All those heavy lifting we have already 
behind and already in the cost. How should this number look, say in FY27-'28? Should it grow 
at say 15% at least in terms of EBITDA? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
I think that would be -- that is I would say the expectation. If not, and what we see, what do we 
expect for ‘27 and ‘28, Sanjeshji, is Europe and North America, both were, I would say 
underperformers for this category specifically. We are, as I mentioned earlier in the commentary, 
we have received a lot of key customer approvals, especially both in the state as well as the new 
category that we are launching. 
So we remain fairly optimistic for this category. And I think we should be comfortably 
positioned to achieve the growth that you mentioned in this category for both the years, ‘27 and 
then for ‘28. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it, got it. One for this quarter. On the other expenses, it appears that the cost has gone up 
quite sharply, both sequentially and Y-o-Y. What explains such a sharp increase in the other 
expenses? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So Sanjesh ji, two factors here. I think Y-o-Y, NSS was not part of the, was not acquired last 
year. So that is the reason. But more importantly, for Q3 versus Q4, I would say there are a 
couple of one-time expenses. So one, there is an approximate, I think, INR3 crores CSR 
expenditure, which is in this quarter. Second, in March, we had a significant shortage of LPG 
and our specialty ingredients vertical runs on this. 
So we basically paid a significant premium to CQ and we built a larger inventory. So around 
INR1.5 crores is towards, I would say for the month, higher in power and fuel, specifically to 
LPG. And third, I would say there is a, I would not maybe call it, it's a one-time expense, but it 
will, it's hit the expense because of certain production delays in March because of lower capacity, 
we had to airlift material to our largest customer. So there's INR2 crores impact in selling 
distribution, specifically for this air freight that we did. So that is the, why you see the other 
expense higher compared to Q3. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So this expense going forward should fall, right? Because LPG is now available, airlifting 
probably not happening and the one-time expenses not being there. This will drop sequentially, 
right, when we look at Q1. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Exactly. Exactly. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Got it. Now, following on the specialty and one comment you have made in your remarks 
that you have secured 500 metric ton of battery chemical material from a domestic player. Have 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
we started manufacturing it commercially or how it is, how do we plan this 500 metric ton to 
supplier or some of these supplies coming for us? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, sanjeshji two things, one, I think we received 700 metric ton orders for battery materials and 
these are across domestic as well as global. I mentioned last time that we have commissioned 
around 5,000 tons to 7,000 tons, depending on how we run the plant for, in our existing pharma 
facility to manufacture battery grade iron phosphate. 
So, we are currently utilizing that capacity to service the 700 ton purchase order that we have 
and so we will, the goal is to run 50% of that capacity to fulfill commercial orders and the 
remaining 50% to help other customers in their validation and scale-up process. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, next year it is fair to assume that we will be selling say 2,500 metric ton here or there in 
terms of the battery chemical, in terms of volume, right? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
In FY27? 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes, FY27. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
That is a fair assumption, yes. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. One on the specialty has been doing quite well, both on margin and growth. How does 
the order book look like for us in FY27? Should the growth momentum be maintained in the 
specialty? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
I think, so yes, I think specialty ingredients will continue to be the, say the faster growing 
category. I think for’27 also we have a very good outlook. I think our – there are two categories 
which are growing extremely well. One is the encapsulation technology that we have. There we 
were already working with the largest bakery in the world.  
In the last financial year, we have gotten approval with, I think, two of the other top five globally 
as well. So, we have very good visibility for this category. And then we have, secondly, we have 
the premix category for which we got approved with, say the largest infant nutrition company. 
So, that will also mutually contribute to the business in FY27. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Got it. Shanil, really helpful with all those answers and I wish you best of luck for the 
coming quarters. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Thank you, Sanjesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nishita from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishita: 
Yes. Am I audible? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Nishita: 
Hello. Yes. Perfect. So I had a few questions. One is on the battery material capex that we are 
doing. In the presentation, we mentioned that in four years, we will add 25,000 metric tons each 
year. So, is it safe to assume that the capex for each incremental 25,000 of metric tons is going 
to be INR300 crores? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, hi, Nishita. No. So, the current capex is higher because it also includes the land acquisition. 
And while we are installing the equipment for 25,000 tons, we are developing the infrastructure, 
so all the buildings and the raw material processing and the utility area for our Phase 2 as well. 
So, I had mentioned previously as well that to achieve our target of 100,000 tons, we are looking 
at a capex of approximately INR600 crores. 
Nishita: 
Okay. So INR600 crores is for the full the capex, full capacity of 100,000 metric tons. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
That is correct. 
Nishita: 
Okay. And what will be the revenue potential from this 100,000 metric tons at peak utilization? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Yes. I mean, I would say the pricing has been fairly dynamic recently. But we think it would be 
fair to assume an average price of around $2. We say between INR1,600 crores to INR1,800 
crores is the potential for this at 100,000 tons utilization. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And my next question would be, what is the total capex another 
spending in FY27, including the battery material and the Greenfield project? 
Ketan Vyas: 
Hi, Nishita. It's Ketan here. The gross capex spent during the year was INR127 crores, of which 
we spent on SAM land purchase of INR34 crores. We had the Greenfield project spent, 
additional spend of INR80 crores, and there was a maintenance capex of about INR13 odd 
crores. 
Nishita: 
And what is it going to be in FY27? 
Ketan Vyas: 
In FY27, we'll see major greenfield expansion is over. So maybe there would be around INR10-
odd crores for completing the greenfield project and a maintenance capex of INR15-odd crores. 
That would be in the core business. Shanil already mentioned on the SAM capex for FY27. 
Nishita: 
Right. Right. Understood. Also, if you could give some revenue outlook for FY27 and FY28, 
that would be really helpful. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, Nishita, I think while we don't give direct guidance on revenue, but I think, as I was maybe 
mentioning to Sanjeshji as well, we have a very, I would say we are fairly comfortable and 
confident that in ‘27, we will continue the momentum that we have built this year. Both verticals, 
we expect actually pharma food nutrition to grow faster than it has grown in FY26 of 10%. And 
specialty ingredients will continue to track similar growth to what we have done over the last 
two, three years. So that is how we kind of build visibility for ‘27 and ‘28. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Nishita: 
Right. Okay. And you mentioned that our margins in the PFN, the pharma food and nutrition 
segment, the margins will also grow. So do we see the overall consolidated margins growing as 
well? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Yes. So I think if you see our margins for the year, I would say, around maybe 200 basis points 
on the EBITDA side, maybe lower and also on the PAT, also because we have invested 
significantly in building out the teams across Europe and North America. They will both start to 
positively contribute to the business this year. So once that happens, I think in the next couple 
of quarters, you will see the margin kind of tracking back to what we were delivering maybe in 
FY24 and FY25. 
Nishita: 
Okay. So we can see the margins at similar level as 37%, 38%. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Correct. 
Nishita: 
In FY27. Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Living aside battery materials, what is the maximum 
revenue potential of the business? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Hi, Nitin. Good morning. You mean with the capacity that we are bringing on? 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So excluding battery, once this greenfield now that is commissioned, the business can scale to 
approximately INR1000 crores to INR1200 crores without any incremental capex in the existing 
product portfolio. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. And are there measures to increase margin beyond 35% to some 40% or it will remain 
flat at 35% only at peak? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So I think, as I mentioned, I think if you see the last couple of years, we were maybe our margin 
profile was stronger than it is this year. There is an upfront cost that we are incurring today or 
have we have incurred in FY26 for mainly on the on building out the inventory, warehousing 
and the team that we have built. They will positively contribute and you will see margins, kind 
of increase back to the historical average levels of 24, 25. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
No, no. I think living aside those one-time adjustments which happened during this exceptional 
year ’26, while building the new facilities, are there any steps, designs or some other level way 
or product mix or something which you aspire to do so that the margin can further increase. 
Maybe complexity level is increased or whatever it is. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Yes. So I think I mentioned in my commentary that, you know, we have we have launched a 
new product molecule for called bisglycinate, which are again clinically proven for higher 
absorption. That product category will be a higher margin contribution -- will have higher margin 
contribution to the business. FY27 will be the first year where we kind of produce at a scale. But 
maybe in starting FY28, you will see the higher contribution coming from this category towards 
the business. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. What is the market for that in North America? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
I mentioned, I think the current global demand for this ingredient is around $1 billion for the 
ingredient alone. North America would be 40% to 50% of that global demand. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Shreya Chatterjee from Ageless 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for taking my question. For the pharma and nutrition segment, the new 
molecules that you mentioned, could you just give a color as to how, like what's the margin or 
the unit pricing or the unit economics profile of your current portfolio versus your new molecules 
and like what can be the, like you said, it's $1 billion market potential, but where do we see 
capturing the market of that and how competitive are we versus our global peers? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So I think there were a few questions. I will try to answer. And then if I miss out on anything, 
please let me know. So bisglycinate, I think, like our core business, the competition sits between 
Europe and North America. I think there is a company in North America which is the largest in 
this category. The competitiveness is more on the chemistry or the performance of the ingredient, 
not necessarily the price. 
Because if you see, so maybe globally there is a huge demand or a very, I would say, double-
digit growth in demand for magnesium supplements, specifically magnesium bisglycinate, 
which is targeted for better sleep and muscle recovery. We have, I would say, in FY26, we have 
received approvals from two of the largest consumers of this product in the U.S. market.  
As you know, it's a clinical product. It takes time to build wallet share, but we are very, very, I 
would say, excited for this opportunity. And over the next two years, two to three years, you will 
see this category becoming a sizable revenue contributor for Sudeep. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
You also mentioned about the, like these might be of higher realization and you also have a 
couple of products in your portfolio. So how much should one think, like how much higher 
realization would it be versus your current portfolio? And similarly, in case of battery chemicals, 
how competitive are we versus, for example, China or the other players? 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, I think it's -- the realization for the bisglycine or the new category is very different to our 
core business. So I would say it would not be fair to even compare those. On the battery side, 
the goal is, and my honest answer is, the goal is not to compete with China. 
Our focus right from the beginning since we started this business has been to give a product 
which has, which is highly competitive from a performance perspective against the Chinese iron 
phosphate because 100% of iron phosphate today is manufactured in China.  
We are now -- we have now successfully achieved the product performance that is required by 
the customer. And because there are geographic or regulatory requirements that require an ex-
China supply chain, we are benefiting from the China Plus One or the regulatory requirements 
for this category. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
So if I understand correctly, you mentioned that in both pharma and battery chemicals, you are 
targeting a more high-value performance kind of a chemical. So that will have a higher 
realization and that will invariably place you at a better competitive scenario. So if you could 
just quantify like how much higher the realization would be for both these verticals, like any 
color to that, like a range or something versus the normal commodity grade things that you 
supply. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, as I said, I think, see, I think the battery, the battery business will operate with very different 
financial metrics. It will have a very different working capital scenario, different margin profile 
and different scalability altogether. As I said, from a margin perspective, we will not talk too 
much today about the battery as well as the new molecules that we bring into market, right? We 
have to also safeguard our, I mean, not to make everything too public because our suppliers, 
customers, everyone would have access to this information. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Yes, but then the realization would be different, like not just battery chemical. I'm talking about 
the pharma food nutrition as well. The realization of your new grade molecules that you are 
bringing, including the molecule that you talked about, that will be higher, like 10%, 20% 
percent higher than your current portfolio. The realization I'm talking about, not the margin. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, realization, as I mentioned, it would not be fair to compare because the -- like the bisglycinate 
product they were talking about has four times the realization of our current portfolio, right? But 
it is, so it is, as I said, it really depends on and it gets too technical, but you look at the strength 
of each product and the realization varies based on strength on the application clinical data. So, 
which is why I'm not giving you a straight 10%, 20% answer for this category. 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Got it. And what's the current capacity utilization across all our facilities right now, excluding 
the battery thing that's coming online across our brownfield facilities? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
So, for our pharma food nutrition, without the greenfield that we are commissioning this year, 
we are, I would say we are between 65% and 70% utilization on that vertical, which is why the 
greenfield. On specialty ingredients, we would be between 35% and 40% utilization. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Shreya Chatterjee: 
Got it. Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Akash from Sahasrar Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Akash: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are. 
Akash: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
Sir, you are audible. You may please proceed. 
Akash: 
Yes. Hi. So my question was regarding the proprietary green technology that we have. So, is it 
only for the battery materials or it is also for the pharma and food ingredients that we are 
manufacturing? And if you can help us understand what exactly we are doing and is it benefit 
us in terms of byproduct or the raw material that is left over? Are we doing any value addition 
in that? And is it getting being reused? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Hi, Akash. So, when we talk about the six proprietary technologies that is towards the specialty 
ingredients vertical that we have. These are tech that we have built and developed in-house, 
again, to compete with the players across, mainly across North America and Europe. 
And the second question that you had around battery materials. So, yes, this technology also is 
built, developed in-house as a product. It's not a new product for us. We have been making a 
food grade iron phosphate for the past 10 years. We've built on that chemistry expertise and then 
engineered the product to have the superior performance for the battery industry. And... 
Akash: 
And so, is it helping? Sorry. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
No, no. I wasn't mentioning maybe to the other question. So, I didn't maybe entirely catch the 
question clearly, but there is no byproduct raw material that we are using for these, say, these 
product categories. 
Akash: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. Thank you. And so, will it help us in any way in the margins profile that we 
have right? 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Yes. So I think specialty ingredients has been a stronger -- has a stronger margin profile that has 
been the growth driver and that will continue to sustain going forward. So based on that, the 
margin of the overall business should improve. 
Akash: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Sudeep Pharma Limited
 
May 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes. Thanks. Coming back on glycinate, what are we targeting? Pure or buffered? And how are 
we positioning mid-premium or little higher? And what are the distribution channels you are 
targeting? Costco Wellness or Subscription Wellness or whatever best you can share on those 
parts? And whom are we benchmarking against the existing product for sale, market share or 
something? Thank you. 
Sujit Bhayani: 
Hello, Nitin. So we will be offering both the fully chelated one, the chelated one and the buffered 
as well. Because this is as per the need of the market. And, of course, as the companies you 
mentioned, of course, these are our targets. And we have got good approvals, so that – with the 
CMOs for this product. And as you might be aware, the largest manufacturer or the market leader 
in this product is a company called Volchem in the U.S.  
Shanil Bhayani: 
Nitin, can you hear us? 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes, I can hear you. I thought you were giving some more inputs. I was quiet. 
Sujit Bhayani: 
And for the sales, we have our own sales team in Europe and the U.S. So our focus is to work 
through our sales team for getting the optimal benefits in the pricing. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
More of a B2B, B2C, what are your targets? 
Sujit Bhayani: 
So, we are a B2B company and we work with all the large CMOs of the companies you 
mentioned. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay, fine. Wish you all the best. Maybe we will take some questions when we meet personally. 
Thank you. 
Sujit Bhayani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I would 
now like to hand the conference back to the management for closing comments. 
Shanil Bhayani: 
Thank you everyone for taking the time to join Sudeep Pharma's Q4 and FY26 investor call and 
we look forward to continue engaging with all our investors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sudeep Pharma Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
