 
 
 
Date: May 26, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Pheroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
 
SCRIP Code- 544136 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Mumbai-400051 
 
SYMBOL-RKSWAMY 
 
ISIN: INE0NQ801033 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) – Submission of Transcript 
of Earnings Conference Call. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of SEBI Listing Regulations, we are enclosing 
herewith a copy of the Earnings Conference Call Transcript concluded on Thursday, May 21, 
2026 at around 01.50 P.M. (IST) wherein the Audited Financial Results (Standalone & 
Consolidated) for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 were discussed.  
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted on May 21, 
2026. 
 
This intimation is also being uploaded on the Company’s website at www.rkswamy.com  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
For R K SWAMY Limited 
 
 
 
 
_____________________________________ 
Aparna Bhat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A19995 
Address: Esplanade House, 29, Hazarimal Somani Marg, 
Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
tJ RKSWAMY 
R K SWAMY Limited 
Esplanade House, 
29 Hazarimal Somani Marg, 
Fort, Mumbai 400001 
Phone: +91 22 4057 6399, 2207 7476 
Email: reachout@rkswamy.com 
www.rkswamy.com 
CINNo. L74300TN1973PLC006304 
Regd Office: Plot N o.19, Wheatcrofts Road, 
Nungambakkam, Chennai- 600034. 
Offices also at Bengal uru, Hy derabad, 
Kochi, Kolkata, New Delhi 
APARNA 
PRASHA
NT BHAT
Digitally signed 
by APARNA 
PRASHANT BHAT 
Date: 2026.05.26 
15:57:29 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“R K SWAMY Limited Q4 & FY26 Earning Conference 
Call” 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NARASIMHAN K. SWAMY (SHEKAR SWAMY) – 
MANAGING DIRECTOR & GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, R K SWAMY LIMITED 
MR. RAJEEV NEWAR, GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, R K SWAMY LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DANISH 
 
 
lti RKSWAMY 
Go India Advisors 
UnbiaHd ond lolonctd 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to R K SWAMY Limited Q4 & FY26 
Earning Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors, LLP. 
As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, Rajat. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you, Danish. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to R K SWAMY Limited’s 
Earnings Call to Discuss the Q4 and FY26 Results. 
We have on the call with us today Mr. Shekar Swamy, Managing Director and Group CEO 
and Mr. Rajeev Newar, Group CFO. 
We must remind you that the discussion on today’s call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
I would now request “Mr. Shekar Swamy to take us through the Company’s Business Outlook 
and Financial Highlights,” subsequent to which we will open the floor for “Q&A.” Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Shekar Swamy: 
Thank you, Rajat. Namaskar, Ladies and Gentlemen. Happy to talk to you today. Welcome 
you to the R K SWAMY Limited Earnings Call. 
We listed two years ago, as some of you may know, and actually we have not done this in the 
last two years. So, this is a fresh start from a communication perspective to all of you. 
Our journey towards a public company started actually much before, obviously, the date we 
listed. We have, as a planned strategy, created an Integrated Marketing Services business 
under a unified management. So, you have Communications, Content, Creative, Media under 
one roof, add to that Data Analytics and Marketing Technology and add to that Consumer 
Insights and Full Service Market Research. And you put all of this together, this is the basket 
of services that we offer to the market under Integrated Marketing Services. 
Over the last two years, since we listed and even before that, we have invested in the 
capabilities and capacity. This is a planned strategy. We will continue to do so and we will 
continue to invest ahead of client needs. We are focused on our clients and we will remain 
relevant and add value to them. 
As we are all in this environment together, we all see the volatility in the world today. I think 
we should not worry about it too much. We should take that in our stride and that is the way 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
we see it. At the end of this all, we have to continue to build a robust business, which remains 
relevant to our clients, so that we can continue to engage with this marketplace meaningfully 
and profitably. There is no change in that overarching goal, no matter what the current 
volatility may be and whatever the future may bring as well. 
The company needs to stand on robust foundations, which we believe we are standing on, 
because this has been built, this is a 53-year-old company, we know this game and we have 
seen lots of changes and lots of new developments that have happened, and we have always 
done our best to remain relevant and that endeavor will not stop here, because there is some 
volatility, whether there is a war or not and so on and so forth. 
I am going to ask Rajeev Newar to take us through the Earnings, the Business Performance 
and the rest of it, after that, we will take your Questions. 
Rajeev Newar: 
Thank you, Shekar, and good afternoon, everyone. 
You know as Shekar said, it has been almost 53-years and R K SWAMY has been guided by a 
simple conviction, staying close to the clients and investing ahead of the curve. And this is the 
philosophy that has enabled the company to emerge as one of India’s largest homegrown 
Integrated Marketing Services company, and I must say the only company in its space listed on 
both the NSE and the BSE. 
Now, when you look at these five decades that have gone by, the company has consciously 
built a differentiated and a difficult to replicate business model, one that kind of combines 
deep domain expertise, long-standing client relationships, technology-enabled capabilities and 
a very diversified service portfolio, which is the communication, analytics and the market 
research. 
With a team of over 3,000 people, a geographical footprint of over 14-locations and a repeat 
revenue profile that exceeds 75% YoY, we believe that at R K SWAMY, we are well 
positioned to benefit from the increasing demand across India’s marketing, analytics, customer 
experience and the digital transformation ecosystem. 
Now, let us move on to the “Financial Performance”: 
I am presuming you would have all gone through our “Investor Presentation”: 
So, I will just share a few highlights here before I dwell into what led to that performance. 
So, the consolidated total income stood at INR 351.73 crores every number is in rupees, and I 
am rounding up numbers for sake of convenience. And this was a growth of almost 15% YoY. 
EBITDA increased by 31.6% to almost INR 55 crores. And in terms of margins, it improved 
from almost 13.5% to around 15.5%. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Profit before exceptional item, the exceptional item being the impact of the labor code, the 
profit increased by 30%. And similarly, you see a robust performance in Q4 also, where there 
was an increase in the top line, there was an increase in the bottom line, and there was an 
increase in the margin percentages. 
Now, a “Few Operational Highlights” during the year that led to this improved performance 
was: 
1. 
The digital content production at scale for some key clients. There was a strong 
traction in digital content production at scale for key clients. 
2. 
The second one was that we had expanded our infrastructure for the customer 
experience center. Now, we increased by almost 50%. And the utilization levels as it 
stood on 31st of March was almost 83% and based on the business and books that 
we see, it is expected to move beyond 91% by the time we end the Quarter 1. 
We had continued growth in international research engagement. More importantly, they were 
encouraging early validation of a Brand and Marketing Consulting Group, which we initiated 
in the first quarter of FY26. 
Moreover, we are progressing well towards establishing a Digital Video Studio, which is 
expected to operational very soon. 
Now, when you look at this performance or the profitability, as I mentioned, it is supported by 
revenue growth, operating leverage, better absorption of fixed costs, and scaling of higher 
value strategic and technology-enabled services. 
Now, there is a saying which says that a photograph may capture the peak. A photograph may 
capture the peak, but investors usually value the movie. So, whilst FY26 is significantly ahead 
of FY25, I believe that one should review the performance over a cycle rather than just a single 
year. Therefore, if we were to look back, starting from FY21, and going up all the way to 
FY26, the total income for the company grew at a CAGR of almost 14%. 
Now, interestingly, I was just referring to some of the statistics and I saw that the SENSEX 
moved from about 50,000 to 72,000, which is about a CAGR growth of about 7.6%. Likewise, 
India’s nominal GDP in US dollar terms grew at a CAGR of about 8% to 9%. So, over the 
cycle of five years, I would say the company’s income growth has materially outpaced broader 
macro indicators. 
And what is now ahead of us is where we need to focus. So, to enable the next cycle, we 
continue to invest ahead of the curve in infrastructure, technology, and talent. 
And the calibrated investments that we have made in recent times, have started reflecting more 
visibly, clearly in the financial performance, and we will continue to do so. All these 
investments that we have undertaken in the past two years, and what we intend to take over the 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
next couple of years, are all going to be taken with a long-term perspective, with the objective 
of building scalable, future-ready capabilities across the system. 
I mentioned to you about the studio, that is also going to be coming up in the current year. And 
we have already signed the letter of intent for leasing the space in South Bombay. And 
strategically, once the studio comes up, it is intended to strengthen the company’s ability to 
create digital content at scale, across formats, and across languages. It will clearly help us to 
improve the turnaround time and reduce dependence on outsourced production, which we will 
continue to leverage, but it will definitely reduce. 
So, going forward, the company will continue to follow and invest ahead of the curve 
approach, with continued focus on strengthening long-term capabilities across a) technology 
enablement and AI-led efficiencies; b), the digital content production capabilities;. c), 
consulting, analytics and leadership talent; d), scalable customer experience infrastructure, 
which we have been doing in the last two years and we will continue to do so; and e), 
automation and productivity enhancement tools. 
Now, let us take a “Quick Look at the Balance Sheet”: 
The balance sheet continues to remain strong with a zero-debt position and healthy free cash 
flow generation. 
The business continues to remain asset light, while still allowing us to invest meaningfully in 
future-ready capabilities and growth initiatives from its cash reserves and accruals. 
Before I close, I would like to share that clients today are increasingly seeking the integrated 
partners who can combine brand thinking, consumer insights, media effectiveness, customer 
experience, technology integration, and execution excellence, all under one umbrella. And we 
believe R K SWAMY is uniquely positioned to benefit from this shift. Our strategy, therefore, 
remains consistent to invest ahead of the curve, strengthen capabilities across disciplines, 
deepen long-standing client relationships, build a scalable Integrated Marketing Services 
platform that should enable sustainable long-term growth. So, the road ahead will continue to 
require disciplined execution. But we believe the foundations are in place for the next phase of 
growth. 
With this, I conclude our opening remarks, and now we would be happy to take questions from 
all of you. Over to you, Rajat. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press “*” and 1 on their touchtone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue you may press “*” and 2. 
Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
Our first question comes from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
So, Mr. Swamy, I firstly wanted to understand that why our revenues and margins fluctuate so 
much -- is there a seasonality in the business wherein the fourth quarter is the strongest and 
now quarter-on-quarter last quarter, our margin was 11% and this quarter it became 22%. So, 
if you could just give some idea about this to your investors? And also the CFO chose to start 
from FY21 and why not from FY23 and FY24 from which our revenues are down and 
EBITDA is down significantly and so are the margins are halved? So, if you could just tell us 
that what exactly happened in FY23 and ‘24, why there was a dip in FY25, and now there 
seems to be some recovery in FY26, so what kind of steady state EBITDA margin should we 
work with? And what is the ballpark revenue growth that your shareholders can expect going 
forward? 
Shekar Swamy: 
Keshav, thank you. You asked several questions under one question, so let me try and 
disaggregate them. First is Q4 versus the rest of the year. This business is cyclical, my friend. 
So, we have seen this over the years. Typically, 40% of revenue is in the first half and 60% 
percent is in the second half, and the reason for that is not difficult to fathom. Budgets get, let 
us say, assembled or determined in Q1 and then we hit the monsoon. Then as the festival 
season picks up, marketing spends open up, and then, of course, Q4 is when they want to 
exhaust budgets. So, this is a pattern we have seen for the decades and I think it will continue. 
Okay. So, your short answer is Q4 is a very important quarter for us. So, that is number one. 
The second thing is, why did we start in ‘21 and not ‘22 or ‘23? Yes, we can start at any level. 
All the numbers are in the public domain and we can calibrate those numbers. What affects our 
business revenues? We have a steady state and these are numbers in the public domain of 75% 
to 85% of our revenue is steady state in terms of repeat business. Okay? It varies a little bit by 
the type of discipline. In the communications business, it is 85%-90%, in the research 
business, it is a little less, in the analytics space, actually, it is over 90%. So, broadly on an 
aggregate, you can take about 85% repeat business. What influences this a great deal is the 
additional significant projects that we are constantly chasing. It is not a one-off effort or a one-
time affair. We have our eyes set on where additional… when I say significant, it is then 
material. Okay? It can come in at any time actually, and these are large engagements, but 
turnaround in short timeframes. When that happens, then you will see spikes. When it does not 
happen, frankly, you will see a dip. Okay? These things are inherent in this marketing services 
business, because we are dependent on client engagements. What are we doing to smoothen 
this? Many steps have been taken to smoothen these cycles. The CX center investment is one 
such. The consulting group is one such. The continuous new business focus is one such. So, 
while we continue to try and smoothen out these ups and downs in the revenue flows, are we 
going to eliminate them fully? No, we are not going to eliminate it, because it is in the nature 
of the beast. So, anybody looking at this company should look at this with some time 
perspective. If we get a large project and we execute it well and the EBITDA margins go up, 
we are all happy. It will continue to happen. However, that is when actually the operating 
leverage kicks in big time, because you have generated revenue and the fixed costs are fixed, 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
and therefore the flow through will be much better. So, this is how inherently this game works. 
You asked another question about what can we expect in the future. I have always been told 
over the last couple of years that we cannot make too much of future-ready or future-
predictions. Instead of giving you numbers, I think what you need to look at is the initiatives 
that are in play and what that might actually mean. So, the CX center, which Rajeev talked 
about in this quarter… and this is not a forward-looking statement, this is a fact. So, when we 
hit 90%-plus, that is a good number for us, because that means that the investment that we 
made two years ago is being reasonably fully utilized. We are working on similar initiatives on 
the research front as well. And I think this year we are fairly well focused on growing the 
consulting group. Why this consulting team is relevant and important for us is that this is a 
play at the front-end of the engagement. It is very strategic. It is with the senior management of 
clients. It is actually solving and addressing problems which are material for our clients. And 
we are uniquely placed because we have the brand track record or brand management track 
record, we have a content track record, we have a data analytics track record, and we have the 
research piece. No consulting happens without us going into the field and working on that 
pretty hard. So, when you put these disciplines under one roof, actually there are very few 
people in the marketing space who can deliver this. So, when we launched this last year, I 
think in a press conference in Mumbai, some of the press people said, “Oh, but you have been 
doing this for a long time,” the answer is yes, we have been doing it, now, we are monetizing it 
better. And I think the capacity that we are building is an interesting capacity. And so that is 
where we are. I think these initiatives and Rajeev mentioned to investment ahead of the curve 
is what I think will help us as we move forward. 
Keshav Garg: 
So, Mr. Swamy, any ballpark growth from here on like 10%, 15%, 20% CAGR in the revenue? 
And what about operating margins? I think we did 8.5% EBITDA margin in FY26. Is it a 
sustainable number going forward? 
Shekar Swamy: 
Where is the 8.5% coming from? 
Keshav Garg: 
Yes, I am just referring to your cash flow statement, wherein the operating profit before 
working capital changes to INR 44 crores, and then there is a lease liability of INR 15 crores. 
So, if you deduct INR 15 crores from INR 44 crores, so INR 29 crores is the real EBITDA 
which translates to  
Rajeev Newar: 
Keshav, I think we need to look at our business is that we look at a total income, because it is 
all ultimately business funds. If you look at it on a comparison basis, we did about 15.5% in 
terms of EBITDA vis-à-vis 13.5% a year ago. And therefore, there is a clear trajectory. And I 
think if you reflect on what I mentioned a while ago, cycle is important. And if you look at the 
past cycle, there will be peaks and troughs, but over a period of time, it has grown at 14% 
CAGR is what we have done. The three things that we are hoping will kick in and hope to kick 
in the next cycle. One is basically the operating leverage, which Shekar spoke to you about. 
The other one is basically moving up the value chain through various initiatives, like the brand 
and consulting initiative. And the third one is the investment in the technology, its 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
effectiveness and the productivity initiatives. I think these are the enablers that are going to 
take us is being done to strengthen our foundation for the next cycle. And if we are able to do 
it effectively, over the cycle, you can’t look at year-on-year, because when you invest, when 
you are in a growth phase, there will be the pain points as well. But over the cycle, we are 
doing what is necessary to continue this trajectory. 
Shekar Swamy: 
I will also add this, Keshav. Okay, this is not necessarily forward-looking or backward-
looking. I think we set up as an attitude. Obviously, we want to grow. And I think we have set 
some benchmarks for the past. We will be unhappy if we do not sustain those levels. And the 
rest is what you feed into an Excel sheet and whatever numbers our own finance teams comes 
up with. So, I think that is the statement I think I can safely make. When I mentioned in my 
opening comments about let us say the volatility and the environment that we are facing as we 
speak, we need to take a view on how that plays out as well. I think we are effectively doing it, 
is that look at our own portfolio, look at the disciplines, focus on the areas which are going to 
give us the growth, and not worry so much about the clients and the sectors, which are 
obviously going to be affected by the war. And the current year, I think it is looking a little 
dicey for the overall environment in the country. Let us hope that it, for the sake of everyone, 
that these things get settled quickly, and we get back to collectively as a country, get back to 
doing, or even as a world, I guess, do what we need to do and straighten all these. I mean, it is 
the volatility, some of our clients facing is quite significant, my friend. We understand that we 
are, I think, well placed to deal with it. I think that is about all. I think that is a comment I am 
willing to make, and I have just made it. 
Keshav Garg: 
Now, also, Mr. Swamy, this digital video studio that we are making in South Bombay, what is 
the CAPEX that is required? And also on a broader question, like, is there any significant 
threat of AI displacing our business or making a large part of it redundant, like now, for 
example, this digital video studio cannot in future the AI itself can make the videos for clients, 
so basically the disintermediation might happen and then where does it leave us? 
Swamy: 
Oh, it is a good question. The investment in the digital video studio is already in the public 
domain. It is INR 11 crores. And as far as AI is concerned, the digital video studio will use AI 
significantly. AI cannot displace what we can do, my friend. AI requires intervention. I cannot 
put AI in front of a client. By the way, a lot of clients are trying it and we welcome it actually, 
because even in that zone of AI, what we are able to do with AI as a tool is far ahead of the 
curve with respect to what a client is able to do. So, AI is a tool. We cannot be afraid of a tool 
and I do not believe it will displace us. That disintermediation that you talked about is not 
going to happen. And we have to play at a higher level of the value chain. AI may be a tool at 
some implementation level. The value is not created at the implementation level. It is created 
at the thinking level. And we must be aware and conscious and be prepared to deliver that. So, 
that is my answer to that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Rohit: 
Hi! Good afternoon, sir. Sir, just two questions. So, I mean, typically, most of your peers are 
multinational companies or global companies. So, I mean, in terms of us, I mean, of course, we 
are, as you mentioned in your opening statements that you were a five-decade-old company, 
so, of course, we have a good standing. But from a size point of view and also from getting 
business point of view, if you can maybe talk a bit about your market share, and also what is 
the right-to-win that we have versus, let us say, these MNCs, of course, you also had a 
partnership with one of these guys and you sort of executed that, so, I am aware of that, but if 
you can just maybe give a perspective? 
Shekar Swamy: 
Yes, sure. I am glad you brought this up. I will say this. We are in a quadrant of one. We are 
on our own trip. We have built capabilities. We believe in this market. I do not write a single 
e-mail to New York or London or Tokyo to get approvals for anything. The freedom our 
people enjoy is very high. We can respond faster to any client requirement much better than 
any of these multinationals can. We are investing. The news is in the public domain. They are 
all doing mergers, acquisitions and all of that going through a certain level of internal 
readjustments that they are going through. We are not facing any of it. We are not in any shape 
or form contemplating any layoffs. It is not required in our business for us… I am talking only 
about our company. And we believe that there will be new and better talent available because 
of the disruptions in the environment, which we are all the time talking to new people. And we 
will add talent to our system as the relevant talent becomes available. So, our market share is 
low. By the way, I must tell you that India is unlike, say, Japan or China or Korea, which are 
three examples I often speak of, where in these three countries there is a very robust 
indigenous non-MNC marketing services provider ecosystem. In India, unfortunately or 
fortunately, whatever words you can choose, the business seems to have gone the MNC way. 
But that is okay. The market is large. We understand this market. We invest in this market. We 
do original work in this market. We place a priority on this market. This is our most important 
engagement in this market. Multinational typically looks at their top multinational clients. And 
I know this because I sat in a multinational ecosystem for 37-years. We sit here and we place 
priority on Indian groups, Indian companies, Indian enterprises. And I think it is a fantastic 
place to be, because the independence gives us speed, gives us engagement, gives us 
relevance. And that is something which is actually strategically very valuable for us. So, we 
are in a very good position as far as that goes. And there is also kind of a view that somehow 
multinational is better. We challenge that all the time. We go up against them all the time. And 
we often win and the rate of success we have against them. We may be homegrown, but we are 
no less world-class than anybody else. So, in this game, quality of professional services is what 
determines success. This is not a financial statement and I will say it with standing on top of 
any roof. Come and challenge us professionally. We will show the world what we can do. 
There is no problem in the quality of work we do. So, that is a good thing. So, we are in a good 
shape. So, I hope that answers that. 
Rohit: 
Yes sir. Thank you very much. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Bhavana Jain from Avagrah Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Bhavana Jain: 
Hello! Thank you for the opportunity. I am pretty new to the business. So, pardon my 
ignorance if there are any small questions around. So, as I could see your presentation, there 
are a lot of revenue segments that you have mentioned. So, can we broadly have some 
segmental percentage as to which segment drives the number, the highest or the lowest? And 
what do we plan to grow or which segment do we plan to grow ahead? Anything on that 
segmental mix, please? 
Shekar Swamy: 
So, at a broad level, the segmental mix is in the public domain. Again, if you look at the annual 
report also, we have broken out the business by R K SWAMY as an operating company is in 
the communications domain. Hansa Research is in the research domain. That number is out 
there. Hansa Customer Equity is in the data analytics and mark tech space. These are the three 
broad buckets under which we operate. This question keeps coming up now. And I will quote 
something which my mother used to tell me. And she is no longer with us. But she always 
used to say, which of my five fingers are important? And the answer is all fingers are 
important. And so we have disciplines. And by the way, we will continue to add more 
disciplines. It is not that we have stopped it. I think that is a point to note that all these have a 
long runway ahead of them. We are not the largest in each of these segments. I mean, our 
communications business, we have much larger independent communication companies in the 
multinational portfolio, which my earlier caller referred to. We have larger research companies 
in the game. I think in the Hansa’s equity space, we are probably ahead of the game, because 
we started that 18-years ago. I mean, who thought of data 18-years ago? So, we have a long 
runway ahead of us. Why would I stop growing any of them or focus less on any of them? I 
think the game is to play all of it. And it is being played because we have teams running each 
of them. It is not like there is a one trick pony here. The research business is led by very, very 
strong research professionals, so is the analytics business, and so is the communications 
business. So, I will be happy to have strong growth across all these sectors, because the market 
opportunity is there and we are not going to give that up to focus on any one of them. I hope 
that answers your question. 
Bhavana Jain: 
Thanks. So, just a follow up on that again that as you mentioned that our company, we should 
be looking at as a cyclical business or whatever. So, can we say that, as we have so many 
segments, in a down cycle or in an up cycle, what contributes better or it is always all in sync, 
is something like that I can, see, I need to estimate a bit? That is the only reason these 
questions come up. 
Shekar Swamy: 
Sure. See, I do not know if I gave the impression our business is cyclical. I do not think so. 
What I said was that through the year, there is a 40% revenue mix in first half and 60% in the 
second half. Now, that is not making the business itself cyclical. I think we are on a growth 
trajectory for the overall marketing services business. If you want global benchmarks, you can 
look at the percentage of money invested in marketing in India as a percentage of GDP we will 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
be among the lowest in the world. As the economy grows, the marketing spend will only grow 
and lots of good things happening in this country, notwithstanding the instability, etc., States 
are competing with each other to develop the states. Investments are happening at scale. 
Consumption economy is robust. Media systems are very, very strong. And the media game is 
very well served, which means audiences are there. Let me just say we are not looking at 
cyclical, if the market is growing at 6% or 8% or 12%, and then it drops to 7% or 8%, there is 
still growth. I do not think we are looking at commodity type of cycles in this game. I have not 
seen it. This is a growth business. And within that context, the disciplines for us particularly, 
any of the three broad segments that I spoke about, all of them are growing. And other pieces, 
our market share is still small. If we can scale the supply side, which is very, very talent-heavy, 
talent-driven, our businesses will continue to grow. 
Bhavana Jain: 
Okay. Thank you so much. I will come back in the queue for sure. Thank you. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Majid Ahmed from PinPoint X Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Majid Ahmed: 
So, a good set of numbers, sir. So, my first question is regarding, if you can give me a revenue 
bifurcation between integrated marketing, data analytics, and service marketing from the 
current year and Q4? 
Rajeev Newar: 
See, we basically operate as an Integrated Marketing Service player. Now, within the 
Integrated Marketing Services, there are multiple segments and sub-segments practically. 
Now, they all complement each other. So, when we have client mandates, it is not necessarily 
a pure research or a pure analytics or a pure communication, right? So, therefore, segmental 
revenue for each of these stream therefore becomes a little challenging and not relevant. Okay? 
Shekar Swamy: 
Sorry, Rajeev, I want to just clarify this. In the last year’s annual report, if you go through that, 
we have information at the company level. 
Rajeev Newar: 
Having said that, if you were to look at, since a large part of the research is housed under a 
company called Hansa Research Group, a large part of the analytics is housed under a 
company called Hansa Customer Equity, and a large part of the communication is housed 
under R K SWAMY Limited. If one was to go with that caveat, and if one was to go with 
those individual standalone financials, then I would say that almost 44% to 45% of the top line 
of the income comes from the communication piece, a one-fourth comes from the research 
piece, and almost 30% thereabouts comes from the analytics piece. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Got it. The second is you have repeatedly highlighted the integrated model as a key 
differentiator. In practical terms, how does this translate into a higher wallet share, better 
retention, or improved pricing power versus traditional standalone advertising of media 
agency? 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Shekar Swamy: 
I think this is a good question, and I think you should understand this as follows: When we go 
in to any prospect, first of all, we talk a different language. when you listen to the client, it is 
really you are going in with a set of tools, and we are trying to figure out which of those tools 
will be relevant for that particular client or engagement. So, it helps us at the front end in terms 
of crafting solutions based on the tool set that we have. I think that is the first point where it 
helps. If I am only a media company, and I go in, and I am looking only for a media game, 
then that is a different place. Okay, there is an opportunity for that, but we go in as an 
integrated player. And therefore, the depth and width that we can offer is much better. Let me 
also say, this is a competitive sector, right? All of us understand that. And in a competitive 
marketplace, you need to have narratives and stories and capabilities expressed, which are 
relevant for the client. I think, fundamentally, it helps us there. Second piece is, let us say that I 
am only bidding for a research project or a media project. The perception that the clients walk 
away from because we present ourselves as an integrated company with, let’s say, capacity for 
any of those disciplines, we are always credited with let us say the scale that is attributed to us 
is much higher than let us say at an individual research level or an individual analytics level. 
So, that helps as well. So, these are the ways in which we benefit. Look, this is the way the 
company has been put together. And it is all homegrown. These are not acquisitions. So, when 
I say that, why it helps us is because the teams have worked together for a very long time. And 
I think there is a certain homogeneity to what we offer. Unlike, I mean, if we are just an 
aggregation of the acquired companies, I think it is a different business. When you have grown 
it altogether and the teams are together, it is a much more harmonious and seamless offering 
that we have. It helps very much in that space. 
Rajeev Newar: 
Most of them are from client perspective. 
Shekar Swamy: 
And clients once they engage with you, they are quite happy to engage with you on other 
services as well. Why would they go elsewhere? It is from that point of view I think where we 
had maybe less than 5% of multi-service offerings to a particular client, I think we are at 25%-
30% now. So, it is growing. It is in a good space. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rohit Rathi from AV Fincorp. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Rathi: 
Yes, so I am new to the company. So, pardon me if there are basic questions. So, could you 
please help me understand the strategic and financial rationale behind the proposed digital 
video studio? And what kind of investments are envisaged? What revenue opportunities do 
you see emerging from this capability? And what timeframe do you expect for meaningful 
utilization and returns? That is my first question. 
Shekar Swamy: 
Strategically, I think we can answer this. I will only ask you to think about your own habits 
with your mobile phone. What are you consuming today? You are consuming, I would say, 
mostly videos. And the reality of today’s world is that the more content there is, which is 
swamping us as individuals, forget about business, we are all overwhelmed with the content 
surrounding us, right, all the time. If you look at it from a brand point of view, then they need 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
to be in that content ocean, as it were. And if they are not there, then they are not there. So, it is 
a very odd situation. But the business reality is that the more content there is, the more content 
is required. And even to break through. So, that is the cycle that everybody is facing. That is 
the reality today. So, what we need to do for our customers, which are large companies and 
enterprises, you cannot just do. Some years ago, we used to do one or two commercials a year 
and we were done. Today, we produce dozens of content pieces, which means the demand for 
capacity to think about it, create it and turn it around and put it out there in double quick time 
is very, very high. And this is just your own experience. Anybody on this call will realize what 
I am saying is what is happening. So, how do you do that? You cannot do it if you do not have 
the infrastructure and capability. So, the first point is strategic requirement of a digital video 
studio is a must for our business. This is something we decided some years ago. Actually, we 
are late in executing it, but that is okay. And the investment in this, I have already mentioned, 
it is in public domain; it is about INR 11 crores. How long will it take to pay out? Look, it is 
not something new. First of all, let me say this. It is not like we are not doing videos today. We 
are doing it and we do hundreds, thousands actually. Sometimes we get a project which will 
require three, four, 500 videos for a single client I mean. The real opportunity is to be able to 
go to market and tell clients at some large scale enterprises. We would not need to be 
embedded now into large-scale enterprises as a content provider. And there are now 
opportunities coming up for that as well. So, that is the game we want to play. I think this is 
conceptually. I cannot see us not having it. We need the capacity. Otherwise, we will not be 
able to meet our client’s requirements. 
Rajeev Newar: 
And so it is more about improving flexibility, improving the turnaround time, it helps us with 
scalability, and it helps us with production economics, and eventually, therefore, it supports 
business. 
Shekar Swamy: 
The other thing I want to say is we will be producing content against firm work orders as 
opposed to, let us say, any other “producer.” I mean, I am not an OTT platform where I create 
a content and put it out there and wait for people to come and then we monetize it over a 
period of time. Here it is all against, a client will say, I need X amount of work to be done. 
And there is a determined price point. There is a work order. We go and execute. So, it is the 
end-to-end game here. So, that is the difference. I say the expertise as a whole brings to the 
table. We do it against client commitments. 
Rohit Rathi: 
And what kind of return are we expecting from this, if you can give a ballpark figure? 
Shekar Swamy: 
Return on the investment of INR 11 crores? The investment you have to see as not just INR 11 
crores, my friend. Let us say on the content side, I do not know what the number is, but 
multiple hundred people running around chasing clients who are regular clients. So, this 
revenue stream will flow into the overall communications revenue stream that we do. 
Rajeev Newar: 
And it is not going to be a standalone. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Shekar Swamy: 
I do not think we do it like that. It is not to be embedded as well, because it is an embedded 
service now for the overall business. It is like asking, I do not know, a chocolate company, you 
invested in a sugar mill, how much are you going to get out of the sugar mill? It will not 
happen like that. A fellow is there, put it in my chocolate. 
Rohit Rathi: 
Understood. So, are you seeing any changes in advertising and marketing spends across key 
sectors, such as BFSI, FMCG, automotive and pharma? And which verticals are currently 
driving your incremental growth? That is my second question. 
Rajeev Newar: 
We cater to almost all sectors. Did I understand your question right? That which are the sectors 
we cater to? Is that your question? Okay, I think there are four key sectors and all of them are 
firing. One is the BFSI, one is the FMCG consumer, the retail, one is the automotive, and one 
is the pharma and healthcare. The way we see is that all the sectors are expected to grow 
because we have seen them consistently grow over the years. So, it is not that one of them is 
outpacing the other disproportionately, all of them are investing. Having said that, our 
presence in BFSI, FMCG and automotive is fairly good. And we are also improving our 
distinct presence across pharma and healthcare. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Reuben from Equity Intelligence. Please go ahead. 
Reuben: 
Hi, so you said the landscape is very competitive. So, I wanted to understand when you are 
having interactions with the clients, how do you differentiate yourself? You had mentioned 
you use AI, you welcome it as a tool, but maybe you can give us examples of how you did in 
your recent interactions with the clients, maybe some new clients that you onboarded, can you 
give us an update there? And then you see more traction. Is it a research, is it an analytics or 
content? 
Shekar Swamy: 
It is okay. I think I answered. Let me answer the last piece first. It is across all three. How do 
we distinguish ourselves? I think the game is on relationships, Reuben. First of all, I mean, the 
reality is that 80% to 85%, as I said earlier also, coming from existing clients, I think we need 
to stay close to them and continue to grow. As far as new clients are concerned, we actually do 
it significantly on invitation. Somebody putting out an RFP, somebody comes to us and says, 
here is a situation, can you bid for this? So, the new client development is based on their need, 
which they reach us for. We have a constant pipeline actually. And I have seen this over the 
years. Our teams are quite busy dealing with that pipeline. And how do we distinguish 
ourselves? When you are in a competitive mode, even there, let me tell you this, what 
relationship we are able to build, how we are able to convince the client that you are a more 
relevant partner for them is what wins you the game. And we try not to play the price game too 
much. We do our best to hold pricing so that we are not just discounting it to nothing. And 
therefore, it is competence and relationship building. Actually, you win clients before the RFP 
starts. That is how this game has to be played. Lot of pull happens. They come to you. And 
yes, it is competitive. Sometimes, I mean, not every pitch that we go to is successful. But not 
every client out there is also a relevant client for us. I think because of the longevity in the 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
game, we understand which one is more appropriate engagement for us and which ones that 
we need to avoid. I think that is a big, big requirement in the game. And I think one thing we 
do not try and do is to get desperate to search for new business. I think we need to be measured 
and get the right clients who can then be our client for the next five, 10, 15 years. It is again 
you need a long-term orientation in this. 
Reuben: 
And using AI as a tool, maybe, can you give us some explanation there? 
Shekar Swamy: 
AI is our tool. I mean, I have 15 in the communication piece only. I think there are 15 tools 
that are currently in use. I do not know how many are used in the research game. We have built 
our own AI tools in the customer equity space. AI is I would not say all over us my friend, 
rather it is all around us. We are not overwhelmed by it. We do it all the time. Yesterday, we 
were talking to a lady from a media company and they are facing the same thing. She was 
asking, there is so much of AI now in media operations. There is so much of AI now in, I 
mean, you name it. 
Rajeev Newar: 
It is basically embedded across our workflows. It is more of an enabler. 
Shekar Swamy: 
By the way, the teams are ahead of the management in this matter. This is the reality. I mean, I 
go in and I talk to our guy who is doing the website. Sir, he says, I have done this, that, A, B, 
C, D, and he is able to give it to me faster. I have used this tool, AI tool, that tool. The story is 
over. I would say very good. It is good, man. AI is good. I think we should not worry about it. 
We love it. We use it as a tool and again be measured. You cannot use every tool that comes 
your way, right? This needs to be appropriately run for what work we are doing. 
Reuben: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I am trying to understand on the employee expense 
front. Sir, we added close to 600 people on the customer experience side and I think 300, 340 
on the telephone interview side in the last year, but our employee expenses has been on a 
declining trend. So, is it because we have rationalized the employees because some of these 
functions can be done through AI and these tools, I am trying to understand on that. And a sub-
question would be, what would be the investments in employees or personnel for the new 
initiatives like consulting and the video studio that we are planning? And is the INR 11 crores 
investment into equipment or is the overall investment between the employees and equipment? 
I am just trying to understand the bifurcation of that. 
Rajeev Newar: 
Okay. Thank you. Again, a couple of questions. So, let me answer one at a time. So, the fact is, 
sorry, can you repeat your first part of the question? 
Madhur Rathi: 
Employee addition number. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Rajeev Newar: 
So, see, we have added capacity, we have hired people, and many of these capacities. Two 
things, so, there are a lot of feet on the street that we have also hired. There are people at 
strategic level, but there also exits because of retirement, superannuation and so on and so 
forth. That is one. The second thing is, obviously, as I said, we have been involved in a lot of 
technology and AI initiatives, and therefore, obviously, those are also helping us. But the 
numbers have gone up year-on-year. If one were to take that exit number as on 31st of March 
2025, and if I was to take 31st of March 2026, the number has gone up. But it is not that you 
add the numbers as on 31st of March 2025. In our business, I mentioned that we always invest 
ahead of the curve. And when you hire people, you hire them upfront as the facilities are being 
done. So, we have hired people not on 31st of March 2025, but well before that. So, when you 
compare a number from 31st of March 2025 to 31st of March 2026, it may not give the 
increase. We have hired over 600 people over the last 12-to 14 months. 
Shekar Swamy: 
His question is, if I understand you, Madhur, the numbers of employees have gone up, but 
your overall cost of employees has not gone up, is the point he is making. 
Rajeev Newar: 
So, that is also because when you, a), because we were muted in our increments in the current 
year. And also, the fact is that as far as a lot of these new hires which came in, they have come 
in at a certain price point because a lot of feet on the street. And so, there has been a kind of 
effective measures that have been taken to basically drive this optimal experience. We have 
also been using technology. We have also been hiring people. And there have been exits 
because of superannuation. So, we have been mindful of how the cost grows. And we have 
also been hiring a lot of apprentices, etc., as a part of the National Apprentice Program. So, 
that cost typically sits in the other expenses. So, it does not sit on the payroll. Some part of the 
expense also sits in the other expenses. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, what would be the investment in personnel in our consulting and the video editing 
segments? 
Shekar Swamy: 
It is a very measured, Madhur. To answer your question, these are in single-digit crores. They 
are not large numbers. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And the INR 11 crores is – 
Shekar Swamy: 
INR 11 crores is in facilities and IT and real estate and so forth. That is what has been 
approved by SEBI. 
Rajeev Newar: 
It is a total project cost. 
Shekar Swamy: 
So, we are talking about investments, which have been approved, and there is a monitoring 
agency, you know all that game. So, we follow all that. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sankaranarayanan S from ithought PMS. Please go 
ahead. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
Sankaranarayanan S: 
So, I have a few questions. Let me just quickly walk through it. First, I wanted to know our 
revenue from our customer experience centers in FY26? And I wanted to know more on the 
client concentration and contract structure for that business? Secondly, on our advertising 
spends for our top clients, so, how are they looking at into FY27 considering all the macro 
level uncertainties, so, how are they looking at their advertising spends, how affect our 
business? And thirdly, so, we have a diversified competition across each services, starting 
from content to data analytics to research. So, how do we cater to cross-sell to our clients? So, 
what is our strategy in it, how are we planning to improve it? So, if I remember correctly, last 
year, in our AGM, we used to say that 25% of our business is coming from the clients who use 
more than one services. So, how does it improve in this FY26, and how do you see it 
improving in FY27? Thank you, sir. 
Shekar Swamy: 
So, I think there are multiple questions here again. So, you started with data analytics and 
customer experience centers. It is embedded in our Hansa Cequity business. If you look at that, 
you will get a pretty good idea of what those numbers are. So, I do not want to break it out for 
this call, but it is available to you, just look at the HCE numbers, okay? 
Rajeev Newar: 
And it is about 30-31% typically of our total income. 
Shekar Swamy: 
The next question was on clients and how do we cross-sell, etc., and the budgets you are 
talking about? 
Rajeev Newar: 
So, it has actually gone up. See, typically, almost a one-fourth, so 25%-30% is basically our 
clients which use two or more of our services. So, the revenues that have come from where 
clients have used two or more services almost, about 30% is our total income. 
Shekar Swamy: 
Budgets, it is early days, but I would say that early because it is in May and we are still 
negotiating with many of our clients. I would not say that they are drastically going down, they 
are not. They seem to be holding, but everybody is watching. See, you may have a budget. 
Before they commit to spending, they look at how they are doing through the year. So, the 
budgets are not being cut. The commitments may be delayed. If they want to measure, do it in 
a measured way, all they will say is, okay, let us wait and see, maybe we do it next month or 
next quarter. So, that is how it plays out in reality. The budgets are not being cut. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rupen Masalia from RN Associates. Please go 
ahead. 
Rupen Masalia: 
A), my question is particularly towards data analytics and Mar Tech vertical. So, can you 
throw some more light on this particular segment and how scalable is this particular vertical? 
B), as a part of integrated offerings or as a standalone solutions to the customers? Yes, thanks. 
Shekar Swamy: 
It is very scalable, yes. We have scaled it from zero to INR 100 crores over the last decade. So, 
that is just a broad stroke. The challenge there, I will tell you. I think you asked a good 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
question. Like it is in any services game, talent actually is the challenge. We can employ, we 
can double the talent if we can find it. It is like that. So, we are in a talent-driven business. 
Data scientists almost have wheels in their legs. They are very good. They serve a purpose. 
And we have a core team which has been stable with us for a while. And we are continuously 
scaling that. So, it is highly scalable. I mean, let me put a measure on that as well. I do not 
want to over-claim anything. It is in conjunction with the customer experience centers that we 
have. And I think that is the business distinction or difference that we are bringing. Our 
customer experience centers work on the back of analytics. So, there is a very specific role that 
our analytics team plays. In that regard, we are differentiated significantly, because we built 
some infrastructure that supports marketing. And that infrastructure is scalable. I said we are 
already at 90% capacity utilization this quarter. 
Rajeev Newar: 
Absolutely. 
Shekar Swamy: 
So, then what? If the client demand is there, then we have to scale it. So, that will happen. I 
cannot give you a more precise number than that. So, let us just leave it there. It is a very 
scalable game. 
Rupen Masalia: 
Okay. Yes. Thanks and best wishes for the future. 
Shekar Swamy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Diya from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Diya: 
So, what are the high margin services that we are going to scale that is going to drive our 
revenue this year? 
Rajeev Newar: 
Sorry, we could not hear you clearly. 
Shekar Swamy: 
What are the lines we are scaling this year, is that the question? 
Diya: 
Yes, the high margin services. 
Shekar Swamy: 
High margin? I love your question. We all like high margin services. You want me to actually 
spell it out? I think that would be competitively inappropriate, Diya. We have already 
answered that question actually. Why are we investing in video content? Because it is a high 
margin. Why are we investing in consulting? Because it is a high margin. Why are we looking 
at international research projects? Because it is a high margin. I think I mentioned to you on 
this call that we try not to play the price game. Price game puts you in the lower end of the 
bucket. So, I think that is what we are chasing. So, let us hope that for the benefit of all of us 
together, these high margin games expand and we have, let us say, a smiling year. So, that is 
how I will say it, Diya. 
Diya: 
Okay. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Manan Patel, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Manan Patel: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have a bigger picture question in terms of capital 
allocation. So, we are a services company and for a services company, our ROE seems pretty 
low. I understand we have huge cash component on our balance sheet and some of it is 
earmarked for IPO purposes. So, I wanted to understand, is there a path for our company to 
reach ROE in terms of more than 20%? How do you think about your capital allocation 
strategy for the cash that you have on the balance sheet and you will generate over the next 
few years? 
Rajeev Newar: 
So, Manan, our return on capital employed is a little north of 9%. And if you were to look at 
pre-IPO, it was north of 20%. Now, obviously, the capital that we have generated is being 
invested and there will always be a lag between the returns and the investment. And we just 
explained that over the next cycle, we are investing ahead of the curve so that we are able to 
leverage that benefit. So, as these investments mature and those are expected to then give you 
a certain return, which obviously should push up the return on capital employed, which has 
currently also improved for the current year from last year. So, currently, if I am not mistaken, 
it is about 9.3% thereabouts. And therefore, it has been improving and we are expecting that 
with this investment. So, therefore, if you look at over a cycle, the kind of initiatives that we 
have taken are all meant to enable the company to improve its performance further. And if that 
happens, then obviously, the return on capital employed is a derivative of that. 
Shekar Swamy: 
Manan, we focus less on ROCE, we focus more on performance and what margins we can get 
out of it. I think Rajeev is right. He says it is a derivative and it is a derivative. 
Manan Patel: 
And sir, any thoughts on the deployment of surplus cash that we have in terms of shareholder 
returns, because a lot of your investments in terms of employees will flow through your P&L, 
so, I wanted to understand how do you plan to deploy the surplus cash that you already have 
and will generate over the next few years? 
Shekar Swamy: 
I think what we can say is that we will not deploy it foolishly. Just because there is cash does 
not mean we need to go out and spend it. It will be done in a measured way only. I think 
Rajeev talked about asset-light and all that. It is also that investments that we make, we are in a 
position particularly on people and so forth. And even to some measure on AI and tech and so 
forth, we write it off. And so, if the cash generation is decent, we will worry about it, but it is 
not currently a major worry for us. 
Rajeev Newar: 
So, in a way you are right, Manan, that there will be cash generation. And at that point in time, 
we will deploy it obviously, logically and appropriately and prudently. The fact is that what we 
are focused now is to invest in the company in a meaningful way to get to a stage where this 
becomes a good problem to have. 
tJ RKSWAMY 

                                                    R K SWAMY Limited 
 
                                                                                     May 21, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Manan Patel: 
Thanks. The only point is because services and asset-light company, because INR 44 crores is 
earmarked for IPO purposes, and we have INR 136 crores on balance sheet already, plus, we 
do not have to sort of invest in factories and a lot of, as you mentioned, investments in AI 
employees to flow through balance sheet. So, it would be great if you can over the next few 
quarters, maybe outline your strategy in terms of returns of capital to shareholders as well to 
buy back dividends in whatever manner? 
Shekar Swamy: 
Thank you. Manan, it is too early. I think this company’s journey is two years as a public 
company. Let us hope that we have this problem and we will address it at the right time. 
Manan Patel: 
Sure, sir. Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Rajeev Newar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to 
the management for the closing remarks. Thank you and over to you, team. 
Shekar Swamy: 
So, thank you all for participating and asking a lot of questions, which is good. Every question 
has an intent behind it. So, you have given us much to think about and we appreciate that. And 
we are available if anybody wants to reach out, we are open for conversations. And we do 
regard this investor community as very much a part of our overall family. So, you are all 
welcome and we will be more than happy to engage with any of you at any time. So, thanks a 
lot for coming and participating and much appreciated.  
Rajeev Newar: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, team of the management and Rajat. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India 
Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
tJ RKSWAMY 
