 
 
Firstsource Solutions Ltd 
1st Floor, Athena Towers, Mindspace Malad, Goregaon (W), Mumbai – 400 063 India 
Tel: +91 (22) 6666 0888 | Fax: +91 (22) 6666 0887 | Web: www.firstsource.com 
 
 
                                                      (CIN: L64202MH2001PLC134147) 
 
 
12th May 2026 
 
To: 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited (Scrip Code: FSL)  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited (Scrip Code: 
532809)  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
 
Sub: Transcripts of the Analysts Earnings call conducted after the meeting of Board 
of Directors on 6th May 2026 
 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Analysts earnings call conducted on 6th May 
2026, after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 6th May 2026, for your information 
and records. 
 
This 
information 
is 
also 
hosted 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website, 
at 
https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/  
 
The audio/video recordings of the Analysts earnings call are also made available on the 
Company’s website, at https://www.firstsource.com/investor-relations/ 
  
You are kindly requested to take the same on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Firstsource Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pooja Nambiar 
Company Secretary 
 
 
POOJA 
SURESH 
NAMBIAR
Digitally 
signed by 
POOJA SURESH 
NAMBIAR

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FIRSTSOURCE SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
Q4FY26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
MAY 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RITESH IDNANI, 
MD & CEO 
MR. DINESH JAIN 
CFO 
 
 
 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Firstsource Solutions Limited Q4 
FY26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
On this call, we have Mr. Ritesh Idnani, MD and CEO, and Mr. Dinesh Jain, CFO, to 
provide an overview on company's performance followed by Q&A. Please note that 
some of the matters that will be discussed on this call, including the company's business 
outlook, are forward-looking and as such are subject to known and unknown risk. These 
uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what company has mentioned in 
its prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual report that are available on its 
website. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you. Hello everybody, good morning, good afternoon, and good evening 
depending on where you are. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our financial 
results for the fourth quarter and full year of FY26. This year is especially meaningful 
as Firstsource crossed a billion dollars in revenue, enters its 25th year, having started 
with answering calls and delivering service at scale, and now evolving into becoming a 
global intelligence partner that brings together deep domain expertise with agent-first, 
AI-enabled operations to help clients make better decisions and drive measurable 
outcomes. 
We believe that this evolution is creating a compounding advantage and sets us up 
strongly for the next chapter. I would like to thank each one of our 36,205 Firstsourcers 
around the world for their relentless commitment to delivering value to our clients.  
Quarterly and yearly performance 
Let me start with the discussion on our Q4 performance. Q4 marks the eighth straight 
quarter of double-digit YoY revenue growth. Our revenue grew by 19.5% YoY and came 
in at INR25.8 billion. In US dollar terms, the growth was 13.2% YoY and 3.2% QoQ to 
$283 million. In constant currency terms, our revenue grew 11.6% YoY and 3% QoQ.  
These numbers are inclusive of the TeleMedik acquisition, which we integrated during 
the quarter and that contributed 1.3% to our YoY growth in constant currency terms. 
EBIT margin for the quarter was 12.2%, up 100 basis points and 30 basis points on a 
year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter respectively. It's also the sixth straight quarter of 
margin expansion. Our net profit was INR2.1 billion and the diluted EPS for the quarter 
was INR2.91.  
For the full year, our revenues came in at INR95.6 billion, which grew by 19.7% in rupee 
terms and 14.6% in dollar terms. Our constant currency revenue growth was 13.6%. 
Our EBIT margin for FY26 was 11.7%, within our guided range of 11.5% to 12%. Our 
PAT for FY26 stood at INR6.7 billion, a growth of 13.5% over last year on a reported 
basis.  
Deal Wins 
Coming to the business highlights. Let me start with our deal wins and other client-
related metrics. In Q4, we signed four large deals. As you're aware, we consider a deal 
with ACV of over $5 million as a large deal. Overall, we won 17 large deals in FY26. 
Our ACV intake for FY26 remains healthy. I am encouraged by the strength of our wins, 
both in number and scale. This reflects our ability to bring together deep industry and 
functional expertise, a strong technology ecosystem partnership, and an AI-first 
automation approach that's delivering clear and tangible outcomes for our clients: better 
customer experience, faster decisioning, and a lower cost to serve.  
For instance, we won business from a leading pension and benefits administrator on a 
multi-year digital transformation starting with the front office modernization to improve 
customer experience and agent productivity, and then expanding into the back office to 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
drive operational efficiency and scalability. The program is building a connected 
intelligent operating model enabled through deep domain-led transformation, systems 
integration, and agentic operations. 
What's different this year is the nature of our demand. Clients aren't just running 
efficiency programs; they're redesigning their operating models for AI, combining data 
modernization, cloud, workflow orchestration, and AI to move from manual execution to 
assisted and increasingly automated operations. We're also seeing more programs shift 
from pilots to scaled rollouts with governance, security, and ROI measurement built in. 
I would like to emphasize that several of our wins are transformative and ramp up in 
phases, unlike traditional steady-state work. So, while they strengthen long-term growth 
visibility, revenue conversion is typically spread over a longer period as transformation 
and enablement milestones are completed.  
Let me now highlight a few other notable wins during Q4. 
• 
We won a large deal from a global leader in financial technology solutions in the 
US to redesign and transform their customer experience. 
• 
In Australia, we won a large engagement with a leading regional water utilities 
service to help them across their value chain. 
• 
We secured additional business and were chosen as the global operations 
outsourcing partner by a leading UK-based MVNO to manage their entire account 
servicing, billing, and customer support across multiple markets globally. 
• 
We won business also from a premium UK retail brand for customer experience. 
• 
We expanded our relationship with one of the leading mortgage lenders and 
servicers in the US across their entire value chain. 
During the quarter, we added 11 new logos, which includes six strategic logos. As you're 
aware, we define a strategic logo as one where we see the potential of at least $5 million 
in annual revenue, and we run a structured program to handhold and monitor such 
relationships to grow them at an accelerated pace. In FY26, we added 47 new clients, 
including 24 strategic clients, doubling our strategic additions compared to FY25. In 
fact, over the past eight quarters, we've converted around 50% of these strategic wins 
into relationships exceeding $5 million in annual revenue.  
Vertical commentary 
Let me start with Banking and Financial Services. In Q4FY26, our BFS vertical grew 
9% YoY and 5% sequentially in constant currency terms. We added six new logos 
during the quarter. 
Demand remains centered on regulatory compliance, financial and economic crimes, 
customer experience, and cost efficiency, and we are seeing strong pull for our AI and 
automation-led, outcome-oriented transformation offerings across risk, controls, and 
operations, both across the front office and back office.  
On execution, I would highlight two updates. First, as you may recall, in Q2, we had 
announced a large collections deal in the UK with one of our long-standing clients. 
Given the regulated nature of this deal, it required approvals from the regulatory 
authorities in the UK, which we earlier anticipated to get in early Q4. However, that 
process took time and we have now received the approvals and the operations are also 
up and running as we speak.  
Second, a leading US payments and financial services institution is partnering with us 
to modernize their operations on the collections side across first-party, third-party, and 
legal using our digital platform. This embeds 25 plus years of deep domain expertise 
with a built-in compliance and risk harness and is model-agnostic across AI partners so 
that the client does not carry the technology risk. This is not a chatbot. It's a governed 
autonomous collector with outcome accountability through a platform fee plus per 
interaction pricing, where higher value per interaction can drive greater volume 
allocation, supporting a K-shaped growth dynamic.  

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Within financial services, we've also seen significant growth across the midsized banks 
and fintechs as they look to modernize platforms and embed AI across onboarding, 
servicing, and collections. We're also partnering more closely with these clients as they 
accelerate platform modernization, embed AI across their customer journeys, and 
enhance their digital experience. Our Q4 exit deal pipeline in financial services was 
amongst the strongest in recent quarters, giving us confidence in sustaining growth 
momentum in this vertical. 
In Healthcare, revenues grew 16% YoY and 10% sequentially in constant currency 
terms. We added one new logo during the quarter. Healthcare continues to be a core 
growth pillar and a key area of strategic differentiation for Firstsource with a well-
diversified presence across both the provider and the payer segments that give us an 
end-to-end view of the healthcare value chain.  
As we highlighted last quarter, we strengthened our operating model with dedicated 
segment-focused leadership and improved portfolio quality through targeted 
rationalization actions. In Q4, both payer and provider performance remained resilient.  
On the payer side, we saw some short-term timing shifts as Medicare Advantage plans 
recalibrated select program rollouts in a tighter regulatory environment, primarily with 
rates remaining flat, but this was more about pacing than demand, and the focus on 
measurable outcome-led efficiency programs remains intact.  
On the provider side, we continue to scale the right opportunities with a deliberate 
technology-first approach, bringing together access, integrity, and denials into a 
metrics-led operating model, while taking on the ongoing technology refresh burden so 
health systems can stay current without repeated replatforming, supporting sustained 
momentum and medium-term margin expansion.  
Coming to the communications, media and technology (CMT) vertical, revenues 
grew 3% YoY but degrew 4% on a QoQ basis. We had a soft quarter here in Q4 largely 
driven by the inherent volatility in this segment, particularly the timing of work packets 
and program transitions in large consumer tech engagements. That said, the underlying 
demand drivers here continue to remain intact, particularly as the consumer tech 
companies continue to enhance and increase their capex spend, and we think we can 
end up being beneficiaries of the same.  
We continue to see strong client interest in AI enablement and non-traditional tech-led 
solutions, particularly around the AI training data side that support the integration of the 
same into their product ecosystems, and we're exiting the quarter with a well-balanced 
pipeline across telecom, EdTech, media, and technology clients, which gives us 
confidence in a return to a healthier growth trajectory as transitions complete and 
volumes normalize.  
Lastly, coming to our diverse portfolio that grew 23% YoY but degrew 8% quarter-on-
quarter in constant currency terms. We added four new logos during the quarter. Q4 
performance reflected a dip in retail following the seasonal peak in Q3. However, we 
added two key household retail clients in Q4 amongst our client portfolio. In utilities, we 
continue to see steady underlying demand supported by a healthy pipeline and we 
remain optimistic on conversion over the coming quarters. One of our acquisitions, 
Pastdue Credit, we continue to strengthen our position in the UK utilities ecosystem and 
this also enhances our cross-sell opportunities across customer operations and 
collections. Overall, we exited the quarter with a well-qualified and healthy deal pipeline 
across both utilities and retail, giving us confidence in improved momentum as seasonal 
effects normalize and new wins ramp up.  
Geographical commentary 
From a geography standpoint, North America delivered 4% sequential growth and 14% 
YoY growth in constant currency terms. We continue to see broad-based momentum 
across our three core verticals in the region and expect this to sustain over the coming 
quarters.  

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
In parallel, we are also incubating new growth opportunities in North America by setting 
up our sales presence in Canada and by replicating capabilities where we have 
demonstrated strength in the UK market in the utilities and retail side and extending the 
same to the US. The TeleMedik acquisition which we updated you on last quarter also 
gives us a delivery presence in Puerto Rico, a fully US-compliant lower-cost location 
that we see as an advantage for both healthcare work and non-healthcare clients 
increasingly nearshoring there. 
Europe grew 4% YoY and flat QoQ in constant currency terms. We continue to deepen 
relationships and gain share of wallet in the region. As we have highlighted in the past, 
we've seen an accelerated move towards offshore and nearshore delivery over the past 
few quarters with several of our clients. While this may continue in the near term, we 
believe our proactive steps to make the business more resilient by both broadening our 
geographic and vertical presence are yielding results.  
Also, our pitch for transformational programs and nearshore delivery from South Africa 
has been resonating strongly with clients. As I mentioned, we have received regulatory 
approval with one of our long-standing banking clients in the UK market for collections, 
which positions us very well to expand our footprint there. Overall, we won two large 
deals in Q4 and our pipeline continues to build well; in fact, it's up about 60% over the 
last four quarters, supporting our view of a gradually improving growth trajectory in 
Europe despite a soft macro environment. 
In Australia, we continue to win additional business with existing clients while building 
a pipeline in new logos. One of the new logos in Q4 was from this market.  
People 
With that, let me turn to the people front. On the people front, our strategy this quarter 
reflects the shift towards an agentic operating model where value is defined by the 
intelligence we operate, not the headcount we deploy. As that shift takes hold, we 
believe the right way to measure our business is no longer headcount alone. It's the 
value we generate per employee. The headline is straightforward: over the last two 
years, our revenue per employee has gone up by 12%. Our revenue growth over the 
last two years has been materially faster than our headcount growth and we expect that 
gap to widen as agentic operations scale. 
We closed FY26 with a headcount of 36,205 Firstsourcers, a net increase of 1,554 
employees over last year. Offshore and nearshore hiring remained a strategic lever in 
FY26, accounting for close to 80% of gross additions, preserving deep domain expertise 
while supporting cost and outcome economics. 
Anchoring this transition is the global employee value proposition (EVP) we launched 
in FY26: Brilliant People, Bold Tech, Uncommon Careers. In fact, we want to make sure 
that people who are currently in Firstsource as well as new associates find the 
opportunity at Firstsource to do the best work of their lives. Our blueprint for a truly AI-
first organization, built on high-quality talent, technology at the core of value creation, 
and differentiated skill-based career pathways -- that blueprint is already showing up in 
the numbers. 
Attrition improved to 29.7%, down almost 6 percentage points over the last eight 
quarters, a clear signal of rising workforce stability. We further strengthened our people 
operations backbone through faster and scaled HR platforms across geographies. 
Externally, we were also recognized in the Corporate Equality Index, the Workplace 
Equality Index, and with the ATD BEST Award, validating the people side of our journey 
to deliver intelligence at operate. 
Awards/recognitions and sustainability 
And last but not least, on the awards, recognitions, and sustainability side, Firstsource 
continues to earn strong recognition from leading industry analysts for delivering strong 
client value and driving innovation through technology-led solutions across our focus 
markets. 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
During Q4, Everest Group recognized us as a leader in its Healthcare Payer Intelligent 
Operations PEAK Matrix of 2026, underscoring our ability to combine deep domain 
expertise with automation and AI-led execution. We were also recognized as a leader 
in the overall market segment of NelsonHall's Healthcare Payer Agility and Innovation 
NEAT evaluation for 2026. In addition, we were also named amongst the frontier firms 
in Microsoft's Frontier Firms of India and Southeast Asia, highlighting our continued 
progress in building technology-forward, future-ready solutions at scale. ISG also 
featured Firstsource in its Booming 15 list based on the annual value of commercial 
contracts awarded over the last 12 months, now for the sixth consecutive quarter. 
I'm proud to share that Firstsource also participated this year in CDP and EcoVadis, 
where we were awarded with the climate and water rating of ‘B’ each and supplier 
engagement at A. EcoVadis received a bronze badge with a 70 on 100 rating where we 
were in the top 81st percentile. These recognitions reflect not just external validation, 
but the collective commitment of our teams to drive sustainable and responsible growth. 
I will now turn over the call to Dinesh to give a detailed color on the quarterly financials. 
I'll come back to talk about our progress on the strategic priorities as well as our outlook 
for FY27. Over to you, Dinesh. 
Dinesh Jain: 
Thank you, Ritesh, and hello everyone. Let me start by taking you through our quarterly 
financial performance.  
Revenue for Q4FY26 came in at INR 25.8 billion or US$283 million. This implies a year-
on-year growth of 19.5% in rupee terms and 13.2% in dollar terms. In constant currency, 
this translates to year-on-year growth of 11.6%. 
We reported operating profit of INR3.1 billion in Q4FY26, up 29.8% over Q4FY25, and 
translates to EBIT margin of 12.2%, up 30 bps sequentially. As Ritesh earlier mentioned, 
this is the sixth straight quarter of sequential margin expansion and translates to a 
100bps improvement in the last four quarters. This is above our stated objective of 50 
to 75 bps margin expansion every year. 
Profit after tax came in at INR 2.1 billion or 7.9% of the revenue for the quarter. Our 
profit after tax grew 27.7% year-on-year and 1.5% quarter-on-quarter, adjusted for 
exceptional items in Q3FY26. DSO stood at 66 days in Q4 versus 67 days in Q3.  
I will now turn to our annual performance of FY26. 
For fiscal year FY26, our revenue stood at INR95.6 billion or US$1,082 million, which 
is over the $1 billion mark. This implies a year-on-year growth of 19.7% in the rupee 
terms and 13.6% in constant currency terms. Our operating profit was INR11.2 billion, 
up 27.4% over FY25, and translates to EBIT margin of 11.7%, within the 11.5% to 12% 
range we have guided previously. 
Normalized profit after tax for FY26 stood at INR7.6 billion, which translates to year-on-
year growth of 27%, adjusted for exceptional items. Our reported PAT stood at INR6.7 
billion.  
The tax rate was 21.2% for Q4 and for FY26 the effective tax rate was 20.6%, within 
the previously guided range of 19% to 21%. We expect to be in the 20% to 22% range 
in the FY '27. 
Our cash balance including investment stood at INR3.1 billion at the end of the Q4 
FY26. This is after the dividend payout of INR3.8 billion during the quarter.  
Our net debt stood at INR16.3 billion as of 31st March 2026 versus the INR13.2 billion 
as of 31st March 2025. ROCE for the FY26 is 17.7% versus the 15.6% for FY25. 
Our hedge book as of 31st March 2026 was as follows: we had average coverage of 
GBP54.5 million for the next 12 months with an average rate of 117 to the pound, and 
coverage of $107.8 million worth of dollar with an average rate of 91.5. 
With that, I will hand over back to Ritesh to discuss strategic priorities and outlook for 
FY27. Ritesh, over to you.  
 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Strategic Priorities 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Dinesh. Before I close, I want to spend a few minutes on something that 
several of you have been asking about: how to think about Firstsource over the next 
three to five years and what makes our positioning distinctive in a market that's 
changing very rapidly. And why is that important? Because we believe that we are 
creating a category in this industry that does not yet exist. We're calling it Intelligence 
that operates. 
Let me explain the evolution. One year ago, we introduced UnBPO. It captured a real 
shift: clients had moved beyond cost arbitrage and were asking for outcomes, with 
technology doing more of the work. UnBPO was the right diagnosis for the moment and 
it took us a long way, but it was also about who we are not. We were saying that the 
industry itself is not dead, but the traditional ways of working in the industry were 
outdated. The moment we are now is actually different. AI agents have become capable 
enough to execute work, not just advise on it. The interesting question is no longer 
whether AI can do the task -- it usually can. 
The harder question is whether AI can be trusted to operate it with context, with domain 
judgment, within the policy and compliance boundaries that real industries demand, and 
with somebody willing to underwrite the result. That is a much narrower problem and it 
is the problem that we are built to solve.  
Most of the market today sits in one of two camps. On one side, technology platforms 
that sell agents and tools but leave the operating model, the change management and 
the accountability to the client or to a downstream integrator. On the other side, services 
firms that bolt AI onto a labour delivery model. Neither bridges the gap between AI 
capability and operating model reality. Intelligence that operates, is that bridge. 
It is deep domain expertise encoded into AI that doesn't just advise or automate; it 
operates end-to-end with accountability and gets smarter with every engagement. We 
design the operating model, we build the agentic systems. And we run them under one 
roof, under one contract with our revenue tied to the outcomes we underwrite. The way 
we deliver this for clients is Kairos. Kairos is a Greek word between the promise and 
reality. 
And the provider who's able to bridge the gap between the promise and the reality. A 
useful analogy to think about this: AI agents are like surgeons. A surgeon is only as 
good as the operating room around them -- the instruments, the protocols, the support 
systems, the team. We bring the operating room. Kairos is 25 years of domain expertise 
encoded as executable know-how, governance guardrails and continuous learning 
loops. It turns general-purpose AIs into systems that can run regulated high-stakes 
operations. It's portable and composable. Built to run in our clients' own technology 
environments across whatever agents and models they choose. Why does this matter 
commercially? Because the value moves. As we shift from labour-price delivery to 
outcomes-linked delivery. The unit of value stops being the seat and starts being the 
result. 
It's also why we are increasingly comfortable underwriting outcomes in our commercial 
constructs and why our pipeline of transformative wins continues to grow. Clients want 
a partner who will design it, build it and run it in one single continuous motion, not three 
different vendors stitched together.  
Case in point, a leading US financial services institution recently launched governed AI 
agents to streamline their collections process with Firstsource designing, implementing 
and operating their agentic operations end-to-end. 
This is the chapter we are now writing. We believe Intelligence that operates, puts 
Firstsource in a category of one, and the long-term opportunity for our clients and our 
shareholders is to compound that advantage every year. I'm pleased with the progress 
we are making on our agenda to leverage the current fault lines created by technology 
as well as the macroeconomic shift to broad-base our client footprint and curate new 
growth engines. 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Let me help you with a few more data points. We closed FY26 with 150 clients with over 
a million dollars revenue from a run-rate standpoint, an addition of 34 clients over Q4 
of FY25. During this period, our $10 million as well as our $5 million plus clients 
increased by 2 and 12 respectively. Over the last eight quarters, the revenue share of 
top five and top 10 clients has come down by 8% and 12% respectively. 
Importantly, this has happened even as our top five clients continue to grow at industry 
growth rates despite a significant onshore to nearshore delivery in at least a couple of 
them. So the broad-basing of growth that you see is a result of focused account 
management, which is driving a faster growth in our non-top five, top 10 accounts in 
many cases through large deals. We're also winning a higher number of large deals 
and doing so more consistently. We now have a dedicated team to bring more focus to 
our efforts and ensure we are covering all the aspects that go into a large deal pursuit. 
This has helped us report at least four large deals in each of the past five quarters. 
Importantly, despite the strong closure, our deal pipeline has stayed above a billion 
dollars and in fact is at its highest ever level. 
Let me give you some additional insights. We won 17 large deals in FY26 versus 14 
wins in the entire FY25 and more than double the number of wins in FY24. Also, we 
added 24 strategic clients in FY26, doubling our additions compared to FY25. Not just 
that, while previously our large deals almost always came from existing clients, seven 
of the large deals this year came from new logos versus five in FY25. 
This underlines the strength of our differentiated solutions, attractiveness of our 
commercial construct, and a growing client acceptance of us as a disruptor. This gives 
me confidence that we are on the right trajectory to deliver sustainable, profitable and 
industry-leading growth. And with that, let me turn to our outlook for FY27. 
We're entering the year with strong momentum, a healthy deal pipeline, a record large 
deal intake exiting FY26, and the early commercial traction of Intelligence that operates. 
Against that backdrop on revenue we are guiding to constant currency growth for FY27 
to be in the 10% to 13% range, and we are guiding for EBIT margin band of 12.25% to 
12.75% for FY27. We believe this places us comfortably in the top decile of growth in 
the industry globally.  
This concludes our opening remarks and we can now open the floor for questions. 
Operator, over to you.  
 
Moderator: 
We take a first question from the line of Vibhor Singhal from Nuvama Equities.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, Ritesh, a couple of questions from my side. 
One is, if we look at the overall industry at this point of time, I think last three, four 
months, I think we've seen a lot of narrative being set by the AI model builders around 
the basically cannibalization of revenue and the business model of system integrators 
coming into question. We of course have continued to maintain that, and you clarified it 
in a very detailed manner as to who's going to underwrite the outcome and how. 
Specifically, for the BPO industry, the concerns have been quite paramount that BPO 
industry is at the forefront of this disruption. Our numbers of course say the completely 
different story; we've had a very good growth this year, we're guiding for a strong growth 
next year.  
Now, could you basically help us understand where does the dichotomy lie? I mean, 
not just us, most of the I think BPO companies are reporting good growth. So is this 
growth coming despite the basically cannibalization of revenue due to the GenAI 
platforms, or the GenAI platforms which are being let's say implemented by the 
enterprise clients are not yielding the results as we've also heard a lot of stories about 
very few projects making past the POC stage? Or is it that we are gaining market share 
from the larger clients? What is the mix that is basically leading us to this kind of a 
growth despite the negative narrative around it?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you Vibhor for that question. Look, let me start by saying that, we've seen this 
macro duality for some time. The degree keeps shifting every few months and 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
sometimes every few weeks. One thing to bear in mind is that the traditional business 
process services are not as linked to discretionary spend as the traditional IT services 
side; that's one part of it. A substantial part of the business therefore ends up being 
annuity and recurring, giving a greater visibility if you will.  
What I will say is that in some sense the recent developments and the pace of 
advancement on the AI side, if nothing else, has structurally expanded the addressable 
market for players such as ourselves. And one of the things I talked about is what we 
have been seeing over the last few months where we are perceived as a consulting 
partner who doesn't just advise but also implements, doesn't just implement but also 
runs, and doesn't just run but also transforms. That's the core of what "Intelligence that 
operates" represents, that we're able to do this in one single continuous motion. And I 
think when we're doing that, what it does is it expands the surface area of what is 
available for us in terms of the TAM itself, because we're getting called in for deals that 
maybe three years back, if we were perceived as a deep domain BPM player in 
regulated markets, today I think we're seeing a lot of opportunities that cut across 
different areas itself, and that expansion of surface area is certainly something that I 
think clients appreciate because they want one single continuous motion towards 
underwriting the business outcomes. So I think that's one part of it. 
I think the second part of it is related to the opportunity to expand share and take share 
from competitors itself, and I certainly we're seeing opportunities out there where the 
ability to play on offense -- and that has been a consistent theme that we've been saying 
now for at least ever since I've been at Firstsource, that look, when you end up having 
technology and macro shifts, it creates a dichotomy in terms of how different players 
operate. And certainly challenger brands such as ourselves have the opportunity to play 
on offense and adapt sooner, and that in turn allows you to take share away from other 
players in the marketplace on the back of very specific value propositions targeted 
towards the industries in which we have domain depth etc. And I think that combination 
is certainly yielding results as well.  
And I think third is in certain, some of the markets in which we operate, the degree of 
insourced that might have existed in the past, people are probably willing to look at 
many more options and as long as you're willing to go to them with a compelling 
proposition and a creative commercial construct, I think those are certainly again 
allowing them to evaluate different opportunities and maybe give us a sizable part of 
the pie as well.  
So, I think it's a combination of all these three: the value proposition, the share shift that 
we can impact, and the expansion from potentially what might be an insourced portfolio 
to a larger share of the pie.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. And on the first point you mentioned about that expansion of TAM, would you 
believe that given that we are in the initial stages of the GenAI cycle, the TAM expansion 
also would be in initial stages and the TAM expansion will continue and perhaps maybe 
accelerate in the coming years?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
We certainly think, Vibhor, the opportunity exists and here's why. I mean, if you talk to 
folks in Silicon Valley, I think they will assume that everything can be automated 
overnight. And that's what sometimes paints the scenario that hey, what does this mean 
for the industry and you've seen this with data that's reported that the industry is 
continuing to hold its own, certainly for some players in the market in terms of growth 
and so on and so forth.  
But a lot of it is because when you get under the hood of client operations, particularly 
go to a large bank, go to a large telco, go to a large health plan and I'm just giving you 
three distinct sectors which are regulated in nature, data quality is not where it needs 
to be. So you can't just go overnight and automate their operations or even have agentic 
operations run autonomously etc. So, there's a significant amount of scaffolding work 
that needs to happen to ensure that the operation is ready for prime time. The 
determination of which processes are legible for even an agentic operation requires 
work. The determination of what kind of security guardrails need to be in place is an 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
opportunity. The determination of where should the process overrides be with a human 
in the loop is an intentional exercise.  
All of these are the scaffolding that needs to be put in place to ensure that you can 
actually truly get to the end state itself. And our view is that that's creating, expanding 
surface area in terms of the places where we can play.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Thanks for that very detailed explanation, Ritesh. Just one bookkeeping question 
for Dinesh sir. Sir, our debt on the books has more than doubled over the last two years 
to almost INR 1,600 crores right now. Of course, this is based on the acquisitions 
primarily due to the acquisitions that we've done. What is the outlook on this number?  
Do we expect this number to remain stable hereon and then maybe the internal cash 
flow generation to lower this debt in the coming years? Or do you believe we are not 
going to shy away from any more acquisition opportunities and we would be okay with 
this debt going further up as well?  
Dinesh Jain: 
I think debt should not be viewed from that angle. You've seen that our main mode is 
the cash flow we generate normally, we pay 40% to 50% to the shareholder, 50% mainly 
utilized for acquisition or a growth purposes. So I think that will continue to remain and 
so debt level will continue to go down.  
Last year the debt had increased by around INR700 crores, while the current year the 
debt increase is INR 200 crores. So it has been come down, we have actually repaid. 
So, the additional buildup is through the acquisition, but the cash flow is very healthy.  
I think we want to just ensure that we have a right billing and right receivables and we 
continue to be utilize the cash flow from an overall basis, not just thinking about repaying 
debt or not thinking about growth or any other investment.  
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. So, the debt is not at any alarming level in our opinion and there would still be 
some buffer if we want to acquire to make any more acquisitions, right? 
Dinesh Jain: 
Yes. 
Vibhor Singhal: 
Got it. Great sir. Thanks so much for taking my questions and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Girish Pai from BOB Capital Markets.  
Girish Pai: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I just had few questions on the fourth quarter and the 
guidance you've given for FY27. So, fourth quarter you had a 3% Q-o-Q growth in CC 
terms. I think of which some 130 basis points came from TeleMedik if I heard you right. 
So, was this quarter softer than what you thought when the quarter started? And if that 
were to be the case, what drove this softness? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Girish, for that question. Look, Q4 was broadly in line with our expectations 
at the start of the quarter with two exceptions, and I called that out in our opening 
comments itself. The first shortfall was on account of the implementation of a key UK 
collections deal that shifted to the current quarter that we are in, Q1 of FY27, because 
regulatory approvals took much longer than we anticipated itself. And, what I will say is 
that we have since received the approval and the deal is now pretty much ramped up 
as we speak. 
And the second is in January 2026, Medicare Advantage plans entered a tighter 
regulatory environment. In response, some of the payers suspended the ramp-up of 
planned programs that were already underway while they reassess the implications. So 
it's a short-term timing impact on the healthcare payer revenue in Q4. 
But neither of this in our minds is structural. The UK deal as I said is now live, the payer 
programs are expected to resume, if anything else it actually puts even more pressure 
on them as regulatory clarity emerges. And excluding these timing effects, I think the 
underlying business momentum continues to remain strong. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. My second question is with regard to the yearly growth that you clocked in FY26, 
which is 13.6 on CC basis. How much of this was contributed by inorganic? And for 
FY27 this 10% to 13%, is there any inorganic component to it? So the inorganic 
components for both FY26 and FY27.  

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes, so if you take FY26, Pastdue Credit and TeleMedik contributed about 1.5% to the 
FY26 growth. Excluding this, it's about 12.1% for FY26. And the bulk of our growth still 
continues to be organic driven by deal wins, account mining, and new logo additions. 
And as we get into FY27, we anticipate that the contribution of the two acquisitions that 
we made will probably be in the range of about 2% to 2.5% going into FY27. 
Girish Pai: 
Okay. A couple of questions on your full-stack intelligent operator strategy that you have. 
You come from a place where you have been very strong on the operations side, the 
pillar on the operations side, whereas implementation strategy are probably stronger 
for some of the diversified IT services companies. 
So what exactly is the right to win for us? While I get the strategy and looks very 
interesting, but when you're competing against some of the diversified IT services 
companies, how would you stack up there because they probably come from owning or 
being part of the two, three other pillars in a much more material fashion than you are? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
Actually, I'm glad you asked the question, Girish, because the answer is actually in 
exactly the way you've framed the question. The framing that you had was a lot of the 
diversified players have pillars. The pillars is the problem. Because the way a lot of 
organizations have built up, right, over the years, somebody is an IT services player, 
somebody is a systems integrator, somebody is a BPO, somebody is a consulting firm. 
And the problem is in that definition because it's inside out. It's the way firms have 
architected themselves; it's not necessarily the way clients buy. And that opportunity is 
playing out even more so right now from a visibility standpoint. So today what clients 
are looking for is that one single continuous motion. 
And when we launched Intelligence that operates as the next phase of UnBPO, our 
intent was to say that clients today want one single continuous motion. They want a 
partner who can not just advise, but actually implement. That implementation could be 
on the technology side, it could be around modernizing what they might have, it might 
be around cleaning up their data, so on and so forth. But don't just implement it for us, 
also run the operations. And don't just run the operations, help continue to transform it. 
And by the way, do that in one single continuous motion without the pillars, without the 
silos that have historically plagued full-service firms. 
The reason why we feel very good about it is because I think our size, our agility and 
nimbleness allows us to put the right team to solve the customer problem, and we start 
with the customer problem first to ensure that we're assembling the right set of folks 
rather than thinking about internal boundaries, which is typically the way, full-service 
firms might have been. 
So we think we, you know, this is creating an opportunity for us to expand our surface 
area. It's solving a problem for the customers. And more importantly, right, it builds on 
our domain depth. So what's the backbone of this? Our backbone of this is our deep 
domain understanding of regulated workflows, and that knowledge coupled with what I 
just articulated allows us to go out there and underwrite an outcome. 
And by the way, when we do it the first time, we gather information of how we did it, 
which then becomes a compounding advantage when we do the same process for a 
second client and a third client and a fourth client because you're building on that 
knowledge along the way itself. That's what the process harness that we have created 
as part of the Intelligence that operates is an integral building block itself. So we think 
it's -- it sets us up well, it expands our surface area and allows us to compete very 
effectively. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. A couple of questions.  
First, about just want to understand investment required to deliver on the strategy about 
intelligence that operate. How we intend to balance investment versus let's say our 
margin aspiration? And if you can give some sense about area of investment because 
you might require different kind of talent compared to let's say traditional hiring. So 
broad thought process around it? 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Second question is about the considering our portfolio and composition of revenue. 
What kind of additional deflation or headwind you expect because of AI-led productivity 
expectation in existing business? 
Third question is about the FY27 growth guidance. How you expect growth to play out 
because I think a couple of point you highlighted in your prepared remark about some 
of the deal which will take time to ramp up and all those things. Between H1, H2, how 
the growth trajectory play out? 
And last question is about FY26 versus FY27 organic growth if I look at it. You indicated 
about 1.5% M&A contribution in FY26, which in a way implies your 12% kind of organic 
growth in FY26, which is likely to moderate to around 9% kind of organic growth on 
midpoint considering 2.5% if I take as a number. 
So, seems to be slightly moderating where you have some advantage now in terms of 
some of the deal which were delayed likely to now start ramping up plus momentum is 
with you 1 billion plus pipeline. So if you can give thought process around it? Thank 
you.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you, Dipesh, for that comprehensive list of questions. I'm just going to make sure 
that I -- you had two questions on the growth guidance and one on the margin versus 
the investments required. There was one question that I missed. Could you just -- which 
I think was the second question that you had. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
H1 versus H2 in terms of the some of the deal will take time to ramp up kind of narrative.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
So let me start with the margin versus investment. I'm going to go back in time. And one 
of the things that if you recall when I joined in, you know, in the middle of FY24 and we 
had provided at that point in time how this is going to play out from a guidance 
standpoint and what was our thesis. We said, we'd hit a billion-dollar run rate by Q4 of 
FY26, we actually crossed that in Q4 of FY25. We said margins would be flat in FY25 
and then we'd see 50 to 75 basis points of margin improvement every year for the next 
few years for the next 3 years, so that we think a 14% to 15% EBIT band is the range 
at which we would like to operate. We were flat on margins while continuing to make 
investments in go-to-market and technology in FY25. In FY26, if you look at the margin 
EBIT expansion, it's been roughly about 74 basis points, so we're pretty much in the 
higher end of the range that was there. And if you look at our guidance for this fiscal, 
we continue with our guidance for FY27 is higher than the Q4 exit EBIT, which was at 
12.2, the lower end is at 12.25. 
We feel comfortable with what we have seen in terms of the opportunities. And those 
opportunities are coming either on account of automation and AI, they're coming 
because of greater offshoring and nearshoring, they're coming because of reimagining 
of workflows on account of how we are trying to alter our ways of working itself to 
become truly an AI-native organization itself, and that gives us comfort on the margins. 
But at the same time, as you rightly called out, as we are doing some of these efficiency 
saves, we're also attracting different sets of folks into the organization. So, for instance, 
we have people who are at the intersection of domain plus AI. We have people who are 
forward-deployed engineers. We have folks who are builders. And what they allow us 
to do is to unlock value, solve for the last-mile problem that typically exists with 
customers or even for our own internal operations to ensure that we can operationalize 
the AI itself. 
So we have a new cohort of people which are different than what the erstwhile 
Firstsource organization might have had, and we continue to build on that. That being 
said, we do believe that our ability to deliver the margin guidance that we have 
continues to remain unchanged while we make these investments. So, in some sense, 
there are efficiency saves which also are allowing us to fund these investments that are 
coming into play. So that's as far as the first question is concerned.  
Let me talk a little bit about the growth guidance because the last three questions that 
you had were all related to growth itself. I mean, when we provided growth, and again 
we've been consistent on this all altogether, what we have at a point in time is always 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
line of sight or visibility to the lower end of the guidance. And then we end up having 
obviously pipeline and where we expect different ramps and so on and so forth to allow 
us to bridge the gap and get to the higher end of the guidance. And that's our visibility 
at this point in time. 
Obviously, that continues to evolve as deal wins happen, as pipeline goes up and other 
variables come into play and so on and so forth. But at this point in time, as we start the 
year, we feel comfortable with that lower end 10% guidance that we have provided for 
the full year, and which as you know is at the top decile of growth guidance that is there 
globally today across sector, whether it's IT, BPO, so on and so forth. 
The third point that is there related to the split between H1 and H2, what we don't expect 
this to be back-ended, but rather almost spread out across the four quarters itself, so 
you should see this evenly playing out.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Understand. And can you provide some sense about the organic growth deceleration 
which in a way implies in the guidance?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Yes, so as I -- I think, I responded to this question a little while back, but we are 
accounting for roughly about a 2% inorganic growth to the 10% to 13% range.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
No, I understand. Why I ask is if I look, let's say, we guided 14.5 to 15.5 at the end of 
Q3, we are roughly a percentage lower. Now when we are guiding 10 to 13%, in a way 
it require roughly 2% to 3% CQGR for next four quarter. Just trying to understand 
acquisition contribution wise now largely we have captured most of the thing. 
So, considering this two, three thing, 2% to 3% is a very healthy growth CQGR what we 
are building in next year. So just try to understand what are the additional comforting 
factor which you have built and which if you can give some sense about those? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, if you look at the variables that are coming into play, and let me just reiterate the 
comment on Q4. As I mentioned, Q4 was broadly in line with our expectations barring 
those two exceptions. One was the implementation of the key UK collections client 
which needed regulatory approvals and those regulatory approvals got shifted by a 
quarter. That deal is already live as we speak. 
And then what we saw was a timing challenge with some of the Medicare Advantage 
plans itself, but those things also we expect are sorted through, both of which actually 
are creating tailwinds as we get into the business itself. So that’s comment one. So it's 
not that the revenue is gone, but rather it's deferred or delayed by a quarter itself, if you 
will. 
Now going into FY27, what are the things that make us confident of the visibility that we 
end up seeing today? One is our deal pipeline is at its highest ever level today as we 
speak in the history of the company. Number two, if you look at the strategic logos that 
we have added through the course of the quarter itself, we've added about 24 strategic 
logos out of the 47 new clients that we added in the year. Those 24 strategic logos have 
opportunity to scale up. 
And as we've said, a strategic logo for us is one which has the potential to give us at 
least $5 million of annual business. So given that opportunity set that exists and given 
our track record, if you look at the last year, 50% of the strategic logos that we added 
in the previous 24 months we've already been able to convert that into $5 million plus 
accounts. 
We think we have a good track record of being able to deepen our footprint in these 
strategic logos itself. So that gives us the second data point that gives us comfort in 
terms of what we see as the opportunity itself. And third is within our existing accounts 
already across the portfolio, whether it's our top five, top 10 or the next rung below, 
you're seeing that in terms of the deepening of the client footprint that's happened. 
I mean, just take one data point, right? Our $5 million plus accounts in the last two years 
is up by 68%. Our $1 million plus clients is up by 46%. Those are pretty remarkable 
statistics just given the fact that, I mean, if some of you may recall when I just joined, 
we talked about one of the central themes of One Firstsource is how can we deepen 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
our footprints and cross-sell, upsell was going to be a big part of that from a strategy 
standpoint. Two years out, that's what we've been executing on.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you. And by the way, we're still scratching the surface on that. So, I think the 
market opportunity is still immense. Thank you, Dipesh, for the questions.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shradha Agrawal from Asian Market Securities. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Yes, hi. Congratulations, Ritesh, on a strong guidance. Two questions. First of all, this 
BPAS healthcare deal, has it ramped up to its peak potential or do we still have some 
revenue to be expected in the first half of 27?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
So, we don't comment on specific deals itself, you know, in terms of where they are at 
or so on and so forth. But what's fair to assume is that all our large deal wins including 
the transformative ones are progressing as per expected timelines and, you know, we 
continue to remain confident in the long-term trajectory of all of these deals itself.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
The reason I asked this is, Ritesh, because this quarter our growth was predominantly 
led by healthcare vertical which grew 10% to 11%. So was just checking whether this 
BPAAS deal ramp-up was a good contributor to growth? 
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think it was broad-based across several of our clients, Shraddha, in the healthcare 
space. Yes.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
Got it. And secondly, in your presentation in your medium-term strategy, you've 
highlighted vertical expansion into retail and utilities in the US and geographical 
expansion in Middle East as key focus areas. So, are these something that you're 
looking at organically or you want to build up through acquisitions again?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Shradha, I think what we have is a ready base of deep domain knowledge in these two 
verticals from the work that we have done in the UK markets already. So, our view is 
that we can extend some of that into the US markets. In fact, as we speak in the last 
three months or so, we onboarded somebody to spearhead our business from a utility 
standpoint in the North American region. That's already starting to bear fruit in terms of 
the pipeline that we've been able to build up.  
So, we continue to think that, you know, we can look at doing this organically. That being 
said, look, we're also opportunistic on some of these areas if it's going to give us a 
capability gap that we don't have or it's going to allow us to get distribution access. 
Those have been the two vectors that we've talked about as potentially opportunities to 
do tuck-ins that might be the case. So, it's not that we are averse to that, but at the 
same time, I think we have a strong solid foundation to build and extend to the North 
American region, particularly for the retail and the utilities side.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
Got it. And just last question. I think you indicated that we had inorganic contribution of 
close to 150 bps in FY26, but I guess Ascensos also got incrementally consolidated for 
five months more in FY26. So, won't inorganic component be close to 450 bps for 
FY26?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
You know, so you're right, Shradha. I think our organic growth was close to about 10% 
in constant currency terms if you exclude Ascensos, PDC, and TeleMedik. Yes.  
Shradha Agrawal: 
Okay. Would it be slightly lower than that, Ritesh? I think sub-10%?  
Ritesh Idnani: 
I think it's about 9.8% to 9.9%, somewhere in that zone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take that as a last question. Thank you. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ritesh Idnani for closing comments.  
Ritesh Idnani: 
Thank you all for joining the call and for your questions. I want to close with a few final 
points. Our sales engine continues to work well. We had four large deal wins in Q4, 
which is the fifth straight quarter of four or more large deal wins. Our deal pipeline at 
over a billion dollars continues to be and in fact is at its highest ever level in the history 
of the company. Our execution is on track. 
As you can see, we're executing well on improving our margins and last year for us was 
the first full year of delivering to the promise of the 50 to 75 basis point margin 
expansion. EBIT margins, as you know, have increased by 100 basis points over the 

Firstsource Solutions Limited 
May 06, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
last four quarters. Our cash conversion has been strong. Our OCF to EBITDA this year 
is 78% and our free cash flow to the PAT is 160%. Our long-term aspirations continue 
to remain intact. 
As I mentioned earlier, we see our constant currency revenue growth for FY '27 in the 
10% to 13% range, which places us in the top decile in the industry, and we remain 
laser-focused on taking our EBIT margin to 14% to 15% band in the next couple of 
years. That's all from our side and we look forward to interacting with you again in the 
next quarter call. Thank you all.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Firstsource Solutions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
