 
19th May, 2026 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
  
Subject: Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2026 
 
Dear Sir,   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Tuesday 12th 
May, 2026 to discuss financial results for the quarter and year ended 31st March 2026.  
 
The transcripts are also available on Company's website at: 
https://www.ppapco.in/financials#conference_call_transcript 
 
This is for your information and record.   
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For PPAP Automotive Limited     
 
 
 
Pankhuri Agarwal  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer   
 
 
 
PANKHURI 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9927, 
pseudonym=wjyp69bo1vn7x2dfthm8rkqic3z04
5la, 
2.5.4.20=1604d297fe249f5c48b13a49ffd67cf542
00826ffaccb064656016608cc8c030, 
postalCode=201017, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a4e4fc77
1f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d694aa473, 
cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.05.19 16:50:54 +05'30'

                                                                              
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 12, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 12th May 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
    
      
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
 
MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to PPAP Automotive Limited's Earnings Call for Q4 
and FY26. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain, 
Managing Director and CEO of PPAP Automotive Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Iqra and a very good afternoon, everyone. I extend a very warm welcome to all the 
participants joining us on this call today. I'm joined today by Mr. Sachin Jain, CFO, And Strategic 
Growth Advisors, our Investor Relations Advisors. 
Sachin Jain: 
Good morning -- good afternoon, all.   
Abhishek Jain: 
We have uploaded our quarter 4 and financial year '26 financial results and presentations on the 
stock exchanges as well as on our website and I hope everyone has seen them. Quarter 4 financial 
year '26 marks a significant turning point for the company, reflecting the positive outcome of the 
sustained efforts and strategic initiatives undertaken over the past several quarters.  
The quarter not only demonstrated improved business performance and operational recovery, but 
also laid the foundation for the future through several long-term strategic reforms and organizational 
initiatives aimed at driving sustainable growth and value creation. I'm pleased to share with you that 
going forward, the company, along with all its subsidiaries will collectively operate under the 
unified identity of the Ajay Group. 
This represents a significant milestone in our journey towards building a stronger, more cohesive 
and future-ready organization with a shared vision, unified culture and enhanced strategic alignment 
across all businesses. In alignment with the group's long-term strategy, apart from the rebranding, 
three additional strategic initiatives have also been undertaken and set in motion.  
These initiatives are again aimed at sharpening the business focus, driving the operational 
efficiencies and enabling more effective capital allocation, thus creating sustainable long-term value 
for all the stakeholders. The first strategic reform was the successful completion of the divestment 
of our stake in the joint venture company, PPAP Tokai India Rubber Private Limited.  
This divestment has been done through Tokai Kogyo Company Limited, Japan. Over a period of 
nearly 10 years, the company had invested approximately INR48.5 crores in the venture, which 
generated limited financial returns. The stake has now been divested for a total consideration of 
INR100 crores, representing a significant value realization for the company.  

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
The proceeds from the transaction after payment of applicable taxes will strengthen the company's 
reserves, support reduction in net debt and provide additional financial flexibility for long-term 
strategic investments and future growth opportunities. The second strategic restructuring initiative 
relates to the tooling business operating under the Meraki brand.  
In line with our focus on creating sharper business verticals and enabling specialized growth, the 
tooling business is proposed to be hived off into a wholly-owned subsidiary of PPAP under the name 
of Meraki Precision Tool Engineering Limited. This restructuring is expected to provide greater 
operational focus, enhance scalability and strengthen the business' ability to pursue growth 
opportunities independently. 
 
The transition is targeted to be completed by quarter 2 of financial year '27, subject to the receipt of 
the necessary regulatory and statutory approvals. The third strategic reform relates to the battery 
business operated through the wholly-owned subsidiary, Avinya Batteries Limited. As part of the 
group's ongoing efforts to streamline operations and to improve efficiency, the company has 
proposed the merger of Avinya Batteries Limited with the parent entity, PPAP Automotive Limited.  
Again, this merger is expected to enhance the operational synergies, optimize resource utilization 
and simplify the corporate structure, which will further enable stronger integration of the battery 
business with the overall strategy of the group. The merger process is targeted to be completed by 
quarter 4 of financial year '27, subject again to the necessary regulatory and statutory approvals. 
 
We are confident that following the successful implementation of these reforms, the group will 
emerge stronger and better positioned for long-term growth. Collectively, these restructuring 
initiatives represent a significant strategic milestone for the Ajay Group and are aimed at creating a 
more focused, financially stronger, operationally efficient and future-ready organization capable of 
delivering sustainable value to all the stakeholders.  
Coming to the operational performance, we are pleased to report a strong sequential recovery during 
quarter 4 of financial year '26, driven by improved execution across key business segments and 
gradual normalization in customer schedules. The quarter reflects strengthening business momentum 
and the positive impact of focused operational initiatives undertaken across the organization.  
Consolidated revenue for quarter 4 grew by 18.6% year-on-year basis and 25.7% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis to INR175.5 crores (wrongly said kindly read it as INR174.6 crores). EBITDA for the 
quarter increased by 12.9% year-on-year to INR16.9 crores, supported by improved business 
momentum, better operational performance and enhanced execution during the quarter. Capacity 
utilization levels also improved meaningfully to approximately 78%, reflecting stronger throughput 
across facilities and gradual stabilization in customer schedules. 
 
For financial year '26, the company reported a consolidated revenue of INR567 crores. While the 
overall performance remained resilient amid a challenging operating environment, revenue growth 
during the year was primarily impacted by the deferment of SOPs as well as model-specific 
performance trends across the market and customer segments in which we operate in.  

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Despite these headwinds, the company continued to maintain operational stability and remain 
focused on strengthening its fundamentals and long-term capabilities. During the year, the company 
had revised its guidance in January 2026 to reflect the prevailing business environment and customer 
schedules at that particular point.  
However, during the later part of Q4, demand conditions and due to some ordering patterns remained 
softer than anticipating, resulting in a variance even against the revised guidance. The deviation in 
guidance was primarily driven by a slower-than-expected demand recovery from the automotive OE 
customers. Some orders of the tooling business got deferred to the quarter 1.  
Some battery-related orders also got deferred to quarter 1, and moderation in the consumer durables 
demand cycle. Lower sales volume during the quarter also impacted operating leverage, thereby 
affecting profitability. At the PAT level, profitability was further impacted by mark-to-market losses 
on investments and an additional one-time employee benefit obligation of approximately INR3.6 
crores arising from the Labor Code implementation challenges, which were not factored into the 
earlier guidance. 
 
Looking ahead, while our order pipeline and customer engagements remain encouraging across all 
the 5 businesses, the external operating environment continues to remain dynamic and volatile due 
to the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties, the disruptions and the logistics-related challenges arising 
from the West Asia conflict.  
Given the evolving demanding environment and continued uncertainty, the company has decided 
that it will provide its financial year '27 guidance during the quarter 1 financial year '27 earnings 
announcement once we have a better clarity on how the market conditions are faring out.  
We remain committed to further strengthening our guidance and communication framework to 
ensure greater transparency and provide the market with a more accurate reflection of the company's 
business outlook and expected performance. Let me now briefly discuss the performance across our 
key business segments. The first being the automotive parts business. 
 
This business continues to remain the largest contributor to our revenues. During the year, we 
commenced supplies for several new vehicle models across all OEMs, further strengthening our 
presence across both EV and ICE segments. Going forward, the business is expected to benefit from 
the gradual ramp-up of all the new projects that we've started in the last year. 
While simultaneously preparing for the launch of multiple new models also in the coming periods. 
These developments are expected to support the growth, improve capacity utilization and further 
strengthen our long-term business visibility. During financial year '26, the company secured new 
businesses of approximately INR840 crores across EV and ICE platforms. 
 
The order book continued to remain diversified across key customers, including Maruti Suzuki, Tata 
Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Honda and other OEMs. Now, coming to the aftermarket business. 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
The aftermarket business continued to deliver robust growth momentum during the financial year 
'26, recording an impressive growth of 36% over the previous year.  
The robust performance was driven by the company's expanding distribution network, which is now 
comprising of 147 distributors, which are supported by a diversified product portfolio of 1,264 SKUs, 
which are spread across three key segments: spare parts, service parts and accessories,  including 
perfumes and car care products.  
The business continues to strengthen its market presence through wider reach, enhanced product 
availability and growing customer acceptance across channels. Going forward, the focus for this 
business will remain on further expanding the distribution network, which will deepen the market 
penetration and strengthening of the product portfolio to drive higher customer engagement and 
higher long-term growth.  
Now talking about the tooling business. The tooling business has successfully improved its utilization 
levels to more than 90% during the financial year '26 and maintains a robust order book pipeline 
across both automotive and non-automotive sectors. In financial year '26, the business grew by 
12.1%. The division has successfully developed 148 molds during the entire year. 
 
Going forward, the business will remain focused on expanding its customer base and strengthening 
market reach to further enhance its growth trajectory. The Industrial Products division continues to 
make steady progress during financial year '26 by leveraging PPAP's core strength in plastic and 
rubber extrusion, as well as plastic injection molding into adjacent industrial applications.  
The business again witnessed encouraging traction across non-automotive applications as well as 
export markets, resulting in a growth of 38% during this year. This performance reflects the 
company's continued efforts towards diversification and expansion into new customer segments and 
applications.  
Going forward, the division will remain focused on further strengthening its presence across 
industrial and export markets, with the object of diversifying revenue streams and reducing 
dependence on the automotive sector while building a more resilient and balanced business portfolio. 
 
Now, talking about the battery business. The battery business witnessed an encouraging operational 
improvement during quarter 4 and is now gradually moving towards a turnaround phase. Revenue 
from the business increased by 1.28x in financial year '26 compared to the previous year, reflecting 
improving traction and strengthening business momentum.  
Over the last few quarters, the company has undertaken several strategic initiatives aimed at 
improving operational efficiency, strengthening the customer engagement and enhancing the long-
term scalability of the business. These efforts are expected to support a stronger and more diversified 
customer profile going forward. 
 
We believe that the strategic actions already implemented together with the organizational reforms 
planned during the year will help improve the operating margins, which will definitely improve the 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
overall business efficiency and significantly reduce the losses being contributed by this division over 
the medium term.  
In line with our continued commitment to the shareholder value creation, the Board has 
recommended a final dividend of INR1.5 per equity share for financial year '26, taking the total 
dividend for the year to INR2.5 per equity share subject to the shareholders' approval. Friends, the 
end of financial year '26 marks a significant turning point for the company, wherein we have started 
witnessing the positive impact of higher utilization of the company's assets and the strategic 
initiatives undertaken over the past several quarters.  
The improvement in operational efficiency and capacity utilization during the quarter 4 of financial 
year '26 provides confidence in the underlying strength of all the businesses being done by the 
company. Subject to stability in the external operating environment, we believe that sustaining the 
current momentum will enable the company to maintain and further strengthen the performance 
levels achieved during the quarter across this upcoming year. 
 
We remain focused on strengthening our core automotive business while scaling up our emerging 
verticals with the objective, again, of driving long-term growth and derisking our business from 
sectoral and geographical risks and creating enduring value across all our business segments. With 
that, I conclude my opening remarks. And I request Iqra to open the floor for questions. Thank you 
very much for your kind listening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Rohit Kumar from ADM Advisors. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Sir, my first question was considering the ongoing West Asia conflict and the resultant supply chain 
disruption. So the raw material prices are expected to remain elevated. So, how is PPAP managing 
these challenges? And what could be the potential impact on margins going ahead? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So regarding this supply chain disruption, so there is a significant increase in the raw material prices. 
So that side, currently, the first priority is to supply the material to the customer without disrupting 
their lines. So as of now, the price increase demanded by the supplier in consultation with the 
customer, we are giving to the supplier so that there should not be any disruption to the customer 
end.  
And out of that, almost 50% is already covered with the customer. We have the pass-on policy with 
the customer. That we are discussing -- we are in the discussion with the customer how to take care 
with that because currently, the situation is quite fluid. So when the situation is stabilized, post that, 
we will have a detailed discussion how to take care of the other balance impact of the 50%. 
Rohit Kumar: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And sir, my second question was how does the company plan to utilize the proceeds 
from the proposed sales of the JV stake? So, do we have any immediate plan to reduce our debt? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. On the net level, our debt is reduced to INR103 crores. For the gross level, it is around INR195 
crores because we want to deploy it for our long-term strategic requirement. So for this year, we will 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
keep it like this only, and we will utilize the fund as and when there is a requirement for the strategic 
side. Rest capex would be done from the internal accruals only and we will keep the debt level around 
this level only for this financial year. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Manav Jain from Jain Investments. 
Manav Jain: 
Sir, can you elaborate the reason behind the decline in the contribution of tooling business in overall 
sales? 
Sachin Jain: 
Tooling sale depends -- we have the 2 kinds of tooling sale. One is the manufacturing via the 
manufacturing with Meraki Precision Tools. So that side, there is no decline. And second tooling is 
linked with the customer SOPs. So last year in the Q4, there was some SOPs were planned. 
 
So that's why there were high tooling sales in the last financial year. In Q4, there was a one big model 
there for Maruti. So, that is why there is a change in the tooling sales this year. There is no such 
decrease in the -- you can say the sale because we have lots of models in pipeline. So, that tooling 
sale will be done in the FY27. So this year, again, we will have the significant tooling sale. 
Manav Jain: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And additionally, as you highlighted in the commentary regarding the tooling 
business is being restructured under Meraki Precision Tools. So like, what are management's long-
term aspirations for this business for next 3 to 5 years? And what key milestones are we targeting to 
achieve through this restructuring? 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, first of all, this restructuring is being done so that we have better clarity on the tooling business. 
And the management side also, it is a clear-cut management style because it is very different from 
the part business, which is primarily a just-in-time business. That's why it is required that this tooling 
business should be done in a separate entity.  
As I explained to you in the opening remarks, this year, we are planning -- we have made almost 148 
molds in the whole financial year. And gradually in the next 3 years, we will try to double this 
capacity. So maybe in 3 years, we are planning roughly around 300-odd molds per year, more or less 
1 mold in every 1.5 days. 
Manav Jain: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, regarding the battery business, you had mentioned that the business is 
witnessing early green shoots on ground. And by when do we expect this business to achieve 
breakeven? And how do we see the capacity utilization evolving in FY '27? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So this year, based on what orders we executed in quarter 4, in financial year '27, we expect a full 
recovery of this business. And based on the contracts that we already have with the customers and 
whatever things are being discussed, we expect that the whole plant and machinery will be 100% 
utilized in this year, financial year '27. 
Manav Jain: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And have we secured any meaningful customer orders? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry? 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Manav Jain: 
Have we secured any meaningful customer orders in this business division? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, we already have meaningful orders, and we are engaging with good customers now. And if you 
wait till quarter 1, I think quarter 1, you can see the increase in sales of this division. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Majid Ahamed from PinPointX Capital. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Sir, my first question that I have is, sir, of the new order book, how much is the execution time line, 
sir, of which we have received this quarter and the financial year? 
Sachin Jain: 
So generally, the execution time line depends almost 3 to 5 years. Over the period of next 3 to 5 
years, we execute the lifetime order of any order which we receive. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Okay, sir. Sir, you were saying that there was a slowdown in the automotive segment, but vis-a-vis 
if I see peers in the auto ancillary segment, they were growing much faster than its peers. Like, what 
were the key segment that dragged their overall growth and margins? 
Abhishek Jain: 
It's not related to the automotive industry per se. But as we explained in the opening commentary 
also, it's particularly related to certain models and certain customers only. So, we were anticipating 
them to start SOPs much earlier and produce much more higher cars, but unfortunately, that has not 
happened. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Okay, sir. Sir, when do we expect, going forward, any developments on that currently on those 
models? 
Abhishek Jain: 
No, sorry, I didn't understand your question. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Sir, you said there was a slowdown in earnings due to the delay in. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt. We are now able to hear you. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Am I audible now? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes, you are audible? 
Majid Ahamed: 
Yes, sir. Sir, my question that I have is you were saying due to some of the models, which got delayed, 
our revenue margins didn't go in line with our expectation. So currently, what's the update about 
those models, which got delayed, sir? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Those models have started production now. That is why you see the increase in quarter 4 numbers, 
which will continue for this '26, '27 financial year also. And along with that, there will be certain new 
model start-ups also happening in this financial year. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Got it, sir. Sir, when this comes into place, how do we see our gross margins and EBITDA margins 
going forward, sir, FY '27? 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
Abhishek Jain: 
See, primarily, we need to focus on the utilization of our assets. So quarter 4, our utilization was 
roughly around 78%. And in the whole year, we are anticipating somewhere around that level only. 
Maybe quarter 1 is a little less, but over a period of time in next year, I think utilization will improve 
to 80%, 82%. So, that will drive all the gross margins and everything. 
 
And second factor will be the operational efficiencies that we are planning to do. Right now, although 
all the inflationary costs, raw material costs have increased, but once all this stabilizes, we have some 
certain countermeasures to reduce our expenses like implementation of solar energy compared to the 
grid power supply and certain employee-related reforms also.  
So, all those put together, I think our margins for financial year '26, '27 should get better than what 
we've been doing in the past. And quarter 4 also, you can see that on a stand-alone basis, if you 
remove the impact of the wage code, then we have improved the margins to 13% EBITDA compared 
to 11% in the previous -- on a year-on-year basis. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Got it. Perfect. And sir, regarding the battery business, as of Q4, what was the loss, sir? Or are we in 
a breakeven stage as of now? 
Abhishek Jain: 
In Q4, there is almost -- only loss of around INR40 crores -- INR40 lakhs, sorry, in the battery. Last 
year, it was around INR1.2 crores. So, we have reduced the losses almost 60% to 70%. 
Majid Ahamed: 
So going forward, can we expect profits or in the breakeven stage, sir, next year? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So this year, on a stand-alone basis, this battery segment should be profitable at the PBT level. It 
should be profitable. 
Majid Ahamed: 
Got it, sir. Perfect, sir. And sir, finally, just want to know about the aftermarket segment, sir. How 
are we looking to grow for FY '27? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Aftermarket business over past 3, 4 years, it's been growing at a good CAGR of more than 25%. And 
this year also, we are introducing many new products, adding continuously products to our portfolio 
and increasing the distribution network. So, we are anticipating that even this year, it will continue 
to grow. See, it's been only 4 years since we started this aftermarket business. And opportunity is 
huge in front of us, and we are going full throttle in increasing our market share in all the 3 segments 
that I told you about, spare parts, service parts and accessories. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Rishabh Jain from RJS Capital. 
Rishabh Jain: 
So, congratulations on the good set of numbers. My question is in the traditional automotive 
component business, which remains closely linked to the OEM model cycles. What trends are we 
witnessing in terms of new model launches and platform additions by OEMs? Also,  have we added 
any major customers, sir, or new programs during the year? And further, can you provide a broad 
range of content per vehicle opportunity across passenger vehicle platforms? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So your first question was the trends of automotive OEMs, right? 

                                                                                      
 
 
PPAP Automotive Limited 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Rishabh Jain: 
Yes. Platform additions by OEMs? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, every OEM has some program or something running now. I think we'll witness a lot of new 
vehicles being coming, starting production in this financial year. So, Honda also will launch new 
vehicles, Toyota, Tata, Kia, Nissan, Honda, Mahindra. We are seeing across the passenger vehicle 
segment, all the customers have some or the other model starting up in this new financial year.  
And when it comes to us, I think we have added VinFast as one of the major customers last year, 
apart from the EV maker,  Euler Motors. And last year, we also secured businesses from Kia and 
Mahindra, which are supposed to start production in this financial year, '26, '27. So this year, we'll 
see a lot of new products being started.  
And overall, when we see our revenues, almost 78% of our revenue is from vehicles, which have 
been in the market for less than 5 years. So it's a fairly young portfolio of vehicles, which we are 
catering to. And when it comes to content per vehicle, it ranges from customer to customer. 
Somewhere we have higher exposure, somewhere we have lower. On an average, it ranges 
somewhere between INR2,500 to INR3,500 per vehicle. And on the upper side, it goes up to 
INR8,000 to INR10,000. And on the lower side, it goes up to INR1,000 per vehicle. 
Rishabh Jain: 
Okay. And I have one other question is we understand from various OEMs that demand for entry-
level passenger vehicles could remain under pressure due to inflationary conditions and concerns 
around rural demand and monsoon trends. Like what is PPAP's exposure to the small and entry-level 
passenger vehicle segment? 
Abhishek Jain: 
I think the business that we are getting now -- first of all, this whole market is now shifting towards 
SUVs. So SUV, even if it is a mini SUV, still, I believe the demand is quite high. It's only sedans, 
whether it's the entry-level sedan or even the premium C-segment or D-segment sedans, that is where 
the problem has started in the industry. And we've seen the numbers of those vehicles coming down. 
But in the next year, whatever models we are starting are -- I think 90% of those are in the SUV 
space. And therefore, we don't see much impact of the market changes coming into our sales. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference back to Mr. 
Abhishek Jain for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Yes. Thank you, Iqra,. Thank You everyone for joining us today We hope we have been able to 
address all your questions effectively. For any further questions or clarifications, please feel free to 
reach out to us or our Investor Relations advisors, Strategic Growth Advisors. Wishing everyone a 
very good evening. Thank you very much. 
Sachin Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
