 
 
 
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene   
and Health Care Limited 
CIN: L24239MH1964PLC012971 
Registered Office: 
P&G Plaza 
Cardinal Gracias Road, Chakala 
Andheri (E), Mumbai 400 099 
Tel: (91-22) 6958 6000   
Fax: (91-22) 6958 7337 
Website: in.pg.com
 
 
June 16, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
     To, 
The Corporate Relations Department  
     The Listing Department 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
 
     The National Stock Exchange of India Limit 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
     Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001. 
 
     Mumbai – 400051 
Ref:- Scrip Code:- 500459 
 
 
     Ref:- Scrip Code:- PGHH  
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Analysts/Institutional Investors – Outcome – Recording and Transcript 
 
This has reference to the virtual connect with analysts/ institutional investors held today, Tuesday, 
June 16, 2026 at 1:30 p.m. (IST). 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, a link to the recording of the meeting is made available on the website of the Company at: 
https://in.pg.com/india-investors/pghh/shareholder-info/info/#meetings 
 
Further, enclosed below is the transcript of the above meeting with analysts/ institutional investors, 
copy of the same is also made available on the website of the Company. 
This is for your record and appropriate dissemination. 
 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited 
 
 
 
Ghanashyam Hegde 
Executive Director & Company Secretary  
DIN- 08054712 
 
GHANASHY
AM HEGDE
GHANASHYAM 
HEGDE 
2026.06.16 
16:57:10 +05'30'

 
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited 
Investors & Analysts’ Call 
               June 16, 2026 
Start Time: 1:30 P.M. 
End Time: 2.49 P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. V. Kumar, Managing Director 
Ms. Srividya Srinivasan, Incoming Chief Financial Officer 
Ms. Zeal Rupani, Moderator  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Ms. Zeal Rupani:  
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Company’s Investors and Analysts Call. I am Zeal 
from the Corporate Secretarial team of the company. 
Thank you for joining us. Today we will begin with presentation by the management of the company 
on the company's performance, results, strategies, and business outlook. 
We have received questions submitted by the participants at the time of registration of the call. The 
management will address the questions received after the presentation. 
Let me introduce our presenters for today. We have on the call, V. Kumar, Managing Director of the 
Company and Vidya Srinivasan, incoming Chief Financial Officer. 
All participants are placed on mute and can participate in the Listen only mode. 
Please note that during the course of the call, the presentation and information shared by the 
management may include forward looking statements. This may include words, phrases, numbers 
that set forth anticipated results based on management’s current plans and assumptions. Forward-
looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in those 
statements. The Company cautions investors that any such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and that actual events or results may differ materially from those 
statements. This could be because of factors that affect international businesses and global economic 
conditions, as well as matters specific to the Company and the markets it serves. The Company 
undertakes no obligation to update these statements whether as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 
 
With that, I now handover to Kumar, for the management presentation.  
Mr. V. Kumar: 
 
Thank you Zeal. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. On behalf of 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care Limited, it is my pleasure to have a chance to interact with 
all of you. 
 
Let’s look at what we have lined up for today. I will kickstart with some perspective on the results 
and then take you through our strategy, as well as work done through the year. 
We will then hear from Vidya Srinivasan, incoming CFO for the Company, on long-term perspective 
as well as insight into the operating environment.  
First things first, let me take you through our financial results for the year. 
For the Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2026, the Company reported sales of about 4300 crores, flat versus 
the same period last year. With the targeted and cohesive savings programs, we were able to not just 
invest back into the business but also deliver Profit After Tax (PAT) of about 850 crores, up 19% versus 
the comparable period last year.  
We know that the results have been mixed. This year, however, was marked by targeted investments, 
with continued focus on consumer centric-innovation and strengthening our go-to-market 
capabilities. We are confident that these steps will inflect sustained, balanced growth and position us 
for long-term competitiveness. 
It is also pertinent to highlight that the operating environment remains dynamic and constantly 
evolving.  

 
Let us talk about media fragmentation. It's much more challenging to get consumers’ attention and 
educate them on the benefits of our brands in today’s cluttered media landscape. Consumers have 
more sources of information, more sources of influence, and more ways to engage – or disengage. 
Consumer attention is the most valuable currency today.  
The second change is inflation across food, energy, healthcare and many other areas of spending. This 
has taken a toll on the consumer. Indian consumers have always been called price-conscious, but the 
reality is that they are value conscious. They are discerning and prudent with where they invest their 
resources. Therefore, ‘affordability’ in our context remains an evolving concept.  
The third change is the retail landscape. Consumers path to purchases has gone through 
transformative shifts – from quick commerce and social commerce to agentic AI. Retailers are 
becoming media platforms… and media platforms are becoming retailers. Access to assortment is 
more democratized than ever.  
In summary – the consumer path to purchase is no longer linear. This means that our execution has 
to evolve with urgency.  
But what does not change is the focus on, and commitment to, our integrated growth strategy. Let me 
expand this a bit more… 
- 
A portfolio of daily use products in categories where performance matters.  
- 
Superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value.  
- 
Productivity…across buckets and with long term perspective… to fund superiority and deliver 
financial results at the levels that all of us expect.  
- 
Constructive disruption to stay ahead.  
- 
And an organization…fully engaged, enabled and excited to serve consumers.  
We continue to invest in creating superior propositions for our consumers and retail partners with 
relevant innovation, powerful brand campaigns across every touchpoint, and continuously 
improving in-market execution across all channels and platforms. We have demonstrated that when 
we can execute all elements of the integrated growth strategy well, we can drive balanced results and 
value creation. Our focus is to double down and raise the bar on execution of this strategy. 
Now, let me take you through some highlights of how we have been bringing this strategy to life.  
I would like to start by sharing more on the focused portfolio of daily-use products for the 2 categories 
we operate in - Feminine Care and Personal Healthcare. For both, we are committed to deliver 
superior products and delight our consumers with offerings at multiple price tiers. We certainly 
believe that in these categories - performance plays a significant role in brand choice, and thus our 
focus remains on offering irresistible superiority to our consumers. 
Feminine Care is, unsurprisingly, a very high-involvement, high-engagement category. Our 
endeavour is to serve our consumers with products that offer them superior benefits, helping improve 
their lives. In turn, the consumers reinforce their trust in the brand, which truly makes Whisper a 
market leader. We have brought in propositions that upgrade loved products to raise the bar on 
consumer delight– across the benefit, range and sizes. I will share more about these as we go along.  
Our personal healthcare portfolio is comprehensive, offering a diverse range of products that address 
unique needs of our consumers. Health Care is a deeply personal space, and we take utmost care in 
designing every part of the portfolio to alleviate various health concerns for our consumers.  
Detailing this further, is the next element of our strategy – Superiority. When the consumer is more 
discerning than ever, we need to deliver consumer relevant superiority every day, every week, every 

 
month, putting the consumer first in everything we do. We do this to ensure our iconic brands 
continue winning with current as well as new consumers. 
Our focus on Superiority is not new. We believe in delivering irresistibly superior propositions to our 
consumers and retail partners across product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail 
execution and value.  
But we also know that we need to adapt our execution in light of the changes in the external landscape. 
Let’s see how our brands have done exactly this. 
To consistently delight our consumers while addressing their evolving needs, we have been focusing 
on our range of Whisper Period Panties—a truly one-of-a-kind product. Designed to provide 360-
degree leakage protection, it features enhanced absorption cues and a soft, breathable waistband. It 
is designed to absorb heavy gushes.  
This fiscal we focused on amplifying the communication around Period Pants, while also educating 
our consumers on its benefits when it comes to feminine hygiene and worry-free period care. 
Through detailed consumer work and scientific understanding of menstruation, we understand that 
period flow is experienced differently during the day and at night, because of gravity. We also 
understand that women face frequent leaks during period nights… and are constantly stressed about 
it. They yearn for a peaceful, comfortable sleep during periods. To alleviate such leakage concerns 
and provide Bindazzz nights to our consumers, we have been upgrading and bettering our Whisper 
Nights portfolio across price ranges, to ensure absolute consumer delight. The new soft top-sheet 
should enable our consumers to remain worry-free: be it about leaks or skin discomfort, allowing 
them to sleep peacefully through the night.  
In response to the evolving consumer preferences for advanced cough and cold relief solutions, our 
recently launched Vicks Cough Syrup signifies a synergy between science and tradition. With a loved 
non-drowsy formula that works effectively on both wet and dry cough, Vicks Cough Syrup represents 
our commitment to offering superior products to consumers within the cough and cold category.  
At the same time… Our sleep portfolio with the Vicks ZzzQuil Natura Sleep Gummies has been 
recently upgraded. It now combines 5 mg of melatonin to help you fall asleep naturally, with 50 mg 
of natural ashwagandha to help calm the mind and body. 
With consumer sensing, we learnt that many of them sought higher melatonin dosage. We also 
continued to sense strong affinity to natural ingredients when it comes to healthcare products. The 
new and improved Zzzquil combines the best of both to provide better consumer experiences.  
Given the ingredient-backed upgrade, we wanted to ensure consumers can see these details upfront 
on the all new Vicks Zzzquil Natura packaging. We also took the opportunity to make the packaging 
more effective, preventing concerns like moisture trapping in changing weather conditions. The new 
packaging boasts of moisture-proof features, making it resistant to extreme weather conditions. 
We continue to find meaningful ways to communicate the unique offerings and benefits of our 
portfolio to our consumers with compelling advertising. A great example is from Vicks Rubs -  
We heard our consumers express: “When my child has Cold & cough, Nights are the Worst. My 
child’s sleep gets disturbed multiple times. I have tried many remedies, but Nothing provides Over 
Night Relief. I feel helpless as I have to wake up multiple times at night.” 
This became an unlock and the team brought to life an all-night relief benefit with Vicks Vapo Rub. 
Let’s take a look at the communication: 

 
While we have such heartwarming communication on Rubs, our Vicks Cough Drops portfolio has 
been capturing innovative, culturally relevant moments. Some of you may have seen this on your 
social media feeds.  
The first one was our 1st ever concert integration where the artist, known for a very specific singing 
pitch, was able to alleviate throat irritation, or khich-khich - with trusted Vicks drops. He went on to 
voice our iconic Vicks jingle along with the live audience.  
The second integration – again a one-of-a kind with a famous stand-up comic. Before delivering the 
next set, the artist resorted to trusted Vicks drops. The seamless integration with the artist resonated 
very well with audiences with most of them taking to social media to share positive engagement. Lets 
see one of them. 
<audio-visual played> 
Another example of compelling communication is the Whisper Period pants. 
Starting with the consumer insight – Ab Mudna nahi, Udna hai. 
As part of our regular consumer work, we heard concerns that today’s girls felt they couldn’t be their 
best selves during their period days. Constant fear of stains, leaks and the worry to change at regular 
intervals comes between their active lifestyle and packed schedules.  
Today’s girl needs period protection that can keep up with her pace. Keeping this belief at its heart, 
Whisper launched this new communication with a resonating catchline and bringing in the 
association with Indian cricketer Jemimah Rodrigues to spotlight the Whisper Period Panty - a 
revolutionary, modern day period care solution designed for comfort, confidence and everyday 
movement.  
<audio-visual played> 
Today’s women are more connected, informed, and vocal than ever before, with increasing 
representation in the workforce and a significant role in shaping consumer trends and expectations. 
We spent time studying consumer habits and testing ways to engage them in conversation with 
Whisper. We learnt about their inspiration, concerns, myths – anything that could be a barrier to her 
making an informed purchase decision. To overcome this, we launched a 360-degree communication 
plan which addresses all these concerns for her, across different consumer touchpoints, via expert led 
voices. 
The credible voice which she trusts – that of the gynecologist… 
someone in a relatable life stage – say a new mom experiencing very heavy period flow… 
or a relatable, active, girl next door. These credible, trusted voices, across multiple platforms, 
reinforced our messaging on the product superiority, enabling her to make the right decision. 
As a result, Whisper Period Pants has sold 10 crore units in the last year! 
We know that the marketplace, and the consumer path to purchase is evolving fast. Therefore, retail 
execution is more complex and heterogenous than ever before. Our teams carefully curate how our 
brands show up when you, me, or our millions of consumers start their shopping journey. We aim to 
provide a consistent, informative and easy-to-access experience to the consumers… no matter which 
channel or destination they shop us from. We have been working to not only deepen our distribution 
but also improve our visibility and depiction of our brands across stores. Net – we want to ensure 
that we are available where and when the consumer wants to shop us! 

 
Productivity, our third strategy element, gives us the fuel to invest in superiority, mitigate cost and 
currency headwinds, and drive margin expansion. The volatility of the recent times has underscored 
the importance of a robust, always-on productivity program that can help us navigate tough times 
with minimal disruption to business operations. 
We’ve extended our visibility to productivity improvement, with each business unit building multi-
year savings master plans,. We have opportunities to drive efficiency across the value chain. The good 
news is that we have already been on this journey. In fact, just in the last year, PGHH was able to 
deliver Rs. 86 crores of savings via targeted productivity and savings programs.   
Moving to the next one,  
Constructive Disruption has been a foundation of how we have approached work. We see it as a way 
to make our work even more effective and efficient, while maintaining the standards our consumers 
know and trust. It translates into creating new trends, technologies and capabilities that will shape 
the future of our industry.  
As always, we remain focused on being the change and driving Constructive Disruption for our 
industry in a way that delivers better outcomes for all stakeholders. 
To be able to stay ahead, we have been investing in Data and Platforms to drive operational efficiency 
and accuracy.  
- 
Imagine millions of data points that come from different sources, in different formats, different 
time stamps and different levels of quality. By bringing it together and organising it in 
meaningful ways, an effort that has lasted years, we have been able to create something that 
has proved usable, actionable and valuable to the organization. 
We have been leveraging this data in broad capacity. For example, for Consumer research data 
that help us identify consumer needs better, faster and in a more nuanced way.  
 
- 
In addition, our operational data is unparalleled. P&G has deployed one of the most 
standardized systems of record keeping compared to any of our industry peers. The most 
significant benefit is our ability to maintain a common data definition across the majority of 
our value chain.  
With these two abilities, for example, we have been able to optimise our go-to-market 
capabilities. We are able to integrate data points from internal and customer sources, and bring 
in interventions like Smart Assortment that has already driven double-digit portfolio 
optimization. 
  
- 
With the data collected and standardized, our AI Factory then provides a platform approach 
to our digital products. It empowers our teams to build tailored capabilities on common 
workbenches versus developing independent solutions. For example, our AI- led automated 
availability checks ensure seamless availability of our products for our consumers.  
This is a fast-evolving ecosystem, but we are confident in our ability to stay ahead and win.  
Next – Organization. An integral part of our Integrated Growth Strategy. After all, it is our people 
who deliver and execute these strategies.  
Let’s take an example, P&G is committed to providing a comprehensive variety of wellbeing 
solutions, tailored to individual needs. Our aspiration is to create an environment where every P&G 
employee can be at their best and feel empowered to achieve their high-impact goals inside and 
outside of work.  
P&G supports employee wellbeing through four key areas:  

 
Physical wellbeing (which includes preventive care, fitness, and healthcare access),  
Mental wellbeing (which includes rest, resilience, and mental health support),  
Financial wellbeing (which includes education and resources for long-term financial security), and  
Work/Life wellbeing (which includes tools and programs to balance personal priorities with 
professional responsibilities).  
P&G’s programs offer a variety of tools and resources that help employees to effectively manage their 
energy, navigate through challenging periods of work and establish the right balance between work 
and personal priorities. The goal is for employees to be the best version of themselves every day.  
We also extend our efforts, as you well know by now, to the communities where we live, work and 
operate. We are proud to share that this year, P&G Shiksha, our flagship CSR program, proudly 
celebrates a significant milestone of impacting over 1crore children from underserved communities.  
This milestone represents far more than scale; it reflects 1 Crore individual journeys where learning 
gaps were identified early and addressed before they could become lasting barriers.  
What you see on the screen are some of these stories of impact… let me play one for you. 
<audio-visual played> 
Aligned with the National Education Policy, P&G Shiksha continues to focus on both prevention and 
remediation of learning gaps, reinforcing its mission to build a nation that learns without labels. Over 
the past few years, our focus is on raising awareness about learning gaps—the difference between 
expected and actual learning levels.  
As part of its continued mission to #EraseTheLearningGap, P&G Shiksha launched its anthem ‘Ab 
Sab Jayenge School’. Created in partnership with JioHotstar, the anthem juxtaposes the emotional 
reality of learning gaps - those quiet, often unnoticed moments where a child begins to feel left 
behind… against the joy of learning that transforms into confidence, resilience, and progress. 
Let’s take a moment to watch it together! 
<audio-visual played> 
Many of our efforts, be it our brands, our community impact programs, our organization initiatives, 
and more - have been recognized externally at prestigious forums.  
This only motivates us to raise the bar and double down on our efforts to better serve all our 
stakeholders. 
With that, let me handover to Vidya for the next few segments. It has been wonderful to be with you 
today. 
Ms. Vidya Srinivasan 
Thank You, Kumar! Good afternoon, ladies and Gentlemen. My name is Vidya Srinivasan, and 
effective July 1, I will be stepping in as the CFO for the company. It is an honour to be with all of you 
today.  
Kumar spoke about our Integrated Growth Strategy and how it is making a difference to our business 
results. You also saw 19% structural profit growth delivered for the past year while sales remains 
muted. At this point, I would like to reflect the results over a longer period. I will also share with you 
our view on the recent trends and outlook for the industry. Of course, many of you sent over 
questions, which I will address during my section.  

 
Our Integrated Growth Strategy is working for us. We have delivered consistent mid-single digit sales 
growth over the past 10 years. At the same time, we have delivered a compounded annual profit 
growth of 8%, while becoming more asset efficient. Our return on equity has tripled during this 
period. Our net profit margin in the same time, has increased by ~200 basis points… behind our strong 
productivity program across all spend areas. 
Another way to look at these numbers is in absolute. Our absolute sales and profit have both 
approximately doubled over the past 10 years, demonstrating our ability to consistently deliver 
superior execution of our strategies. 
This has resulted in us creating significant shareholder value over this period through a record 30 
years of consistent dividend payout. Our share price has more than doubled, reflecting the 
consistency of business result. Over past 10 years, the company has delivered cumulative returns of 
over Rs.3000 per share to its shareholders. 
Now, if we look ahead, we know that we have our work cut out for ourselves. We want to set 
ourselves up for long term, balanced growth and sustained value creation. We will remain focused 
on being consumer first to win disproportionately with consumers, continuously improve margins to 
fuel superiority, and remain prudent and choiceful to play the long term game. The macro-economic 
context may provide short term headwinds too. We remain committed to long term value creation, 
as we have demonstrated and represented in the last few slides...  
I also want to take the opportunity to talk a bit more about the external landscape and how we see it 
evolving. 
The Indian economy continues to grow stronger amidst all global peers… nonetheless, it is important 
to acknowledge the slowdown vs. past 3 years. As you see on the chart… at 6.5% estimated for the 
year, India will grow well within the P10Y trend. With steady government and private investment, 
and economic indicators like tax collections, there surely are reasons to be optimistic. One must keep 
an eye on the evolving global trade policies and commodity prices which will impact inflation and 
cost of goods produced. Overall, we see positive outlook on India’s medium term growth prospects, 
but we continue to monitor macro-economic risks and near-term uncertainties arising from it. 
Speaking of demand, within the FMCG industry, trends continue to evolve. While non-food Inflation 
continues to stay below RBI’s medium-term target of 4%, consumer consumption trends are still 
shifting.  While rural consumption continues to be higher than the Urban consumption, we are seeing 
a softening trend driven by uptick in the inflation rates. We are also monitoring the West Asia crisis.    
Looking at the near term, we anticipate some challenges to continue.  
However, we remain confident in the dynamic and integrated nature of our strategy… to help us 
navigate the difficulties and continue to serve and delight consumers, to drive sustained and balanced 
results. You are familiar with this, so I won’t go deep into it. 
I’m now going to move to the Q&A session. Thank you to everyone who took out the time to share 
the questions with us in advance. 
We will try to answer all the questions based on the time we have. We will refrain from sharing 
information that may be price sensitive or confidential to protect the competitive advantage. With 
that, let’s dive right into it! 
Let’s start with a question from representatives of Club Millionaire Financial Services, who 
asked us about the Industry growth for sanitary napkins and Vicks, and details of market share 
gains 

 
Let me start off with some numbers - Feminine Hygiene is growing at 7-10%, whereas the 
healthcare sub-categories we play in are growing at about 2-3%. However, in both categories 
it is important to note that growth has not been linear. Healthcare growth rates have been 
volatile this past year. Monsoon was good last year, and category growth got an influx with 
that. However, with delayed monsoon, growth rates do get impacted. I am not sure about 
you all, but sitting here in Mumbai, I could do with some good rain showers right about now!  
For Fem Care, growth is coming from varied sub segments. 
 
Irrespective, Whisper remains the market leader in Fem Care, and Vicks remains a leader in 
all healthcare segments we operate in - Rubs, Cough Drops, Inhaler, Cold Tablets. 
 
Next, let’s take a question from the representatives of SARETY.com. They asked why is the 
company not innovating or launching new-age, high-demand products in the feminine hygiene 
segment despite changing consumer preferences and rising market opportunities? 
Thank you for your question! As you would agree, we have a long-standing legacy of driving 
innovation in the Feminine Care category. From pioneering pads with Wings in the 90s, to 
Ultra-thin pads in around 2000s … From being the first brand to openly talk about periods 
in advertising, to devising the first inclusive period-awareness curriculum in partnership 
with UNESCO… we have consistently led category development and consumer education. 
As the market leader in this important category, we remain committed to advancing 
innovation, breaking barriers and improving the experience for consumers. 
For us, innovation is not just about launching new products but also continuously investing 
in existing line up to meet evolving consumer needs. We have brought in propositions that 
upgrade loved products to raise the bar on consumer delight – across benefits and sizes. You 
heard about some in Kumar’s presentation. At the same time, we are also spearheading a 
new segment with Whisper Period Panties. 
Our Whisper Period Panty portfolio offers 360-degree leak protection!. With superior 
absorption, protection against heavy gushes, and a soft, breathable design, it delivers 
comfort, confidence and peace of mind throughout the day. The product is specially designed 
for the woman of today who is on-the-go and seeks a solution that empowers her. Through 
a size-inclusive range, we continue to ensure that more consumers can access solutions 
tailored to their individual needs. 
This has been the focus area for the last few years, and I am happy to share that we are driving 
category growth on this new segment.  In fact, Whisper is the undisputed leader of the period 
panties segment.  
Let’s jump to the next question from a retail investor, who wanted to understand our strategy to 
deal with increasing competition in healthcare business? 
 
Healthy Competition is never a bad thing. We remain focused on being Consumer-first.. 
which means we should be the ones to fastest and deepest understand evolving consumer 
trends and needs… and then convert this into winning end-to-end propositions. This has 
been our formula to grow. What needs to… and has continued to evolve, is how we bring 
these ideas and innovation to life. We spoke in the presentation about the fragmentation in 
the market – be it media or retail. That is a very real phenomenon.   
 
We are evolving not just our portfolio but also our media mixes, communication toolkits, retail 
partnerships, data systems, etc. Eventually, our strategy remains constant –  
- A portfolio of daily use products in categories where performance matters. 

 
- Superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value. 
- Productivity…across buckets  
- Constructive disruption to stay ahead. 
- And an organization…fully engaged, enabled and excited to serve gconsumers. 
 
Let me take an example from our Vicks portfolio on how we are raising the bar across all vectors. 
Actually, you saw the new Vicks Vapo-Rubs film but let me give you some background. The 
Vicks VapoRub portfolio has been trusted by generations of Indian families. However, we 
stepped back to re-assess – was there more the portfolio could offer? We went and spoke to lots 
and lots of consumers and learnt that night-time sleep disruption was the #1 torture test for 
those tackling cough and cold symptoms. However, no existing product got this job done well. 
So, the team took on the challenge to design a proposition that could deliver on night-time relief. 
This category idea gave way to the big idea “All-Night relief for un-interrupted sleep”. From 
upgrading the formula that can provide all-night relief, to step-changing communication and 
media plans that can holistically drive awareness about the upgraded benefit… and then 
strengthening the promotions and availability during monsoon seasonality, we were able to 
deliver some amazing results. Within 6 months, Vicks VapoRub was delivering double digit 
growth, growing share, and driving a turnaround in new user growth. Over time, we have also 
seen brand equity metrics go up significantly. As you can see, when we power up all parts of 
the strategy, we drive well-rounded growth.    
 
Moving on, we have a question from the representative of Bay Capital India Fund. It is a 
thorough question so let me read it out… “Over the last 5 years, there has been a significant 
slowdown in the revenue growth of the business while the category penetration remains low.. 
And this has happened even while we have consistently done ad spends as well as expanded 
distribution and launched newer products. What has been the issue in your view?” 
Thanks for that!  
Well, we need to acknowledge that the category has undergone significant shifts in the last few 
years.  
- 
Let’s start with the consumer. Consumer needs and habits are evolving at an unprecedented 
rate. 
- 
The landscape is evolving too – with very high degree of competitiveness. 
Despite these changes, we continue to play our part in driving category growth and investing in 
evolving segments. As consumer needs and lifestyles evolve, our investments are being 
channelized towards innovation, communication and superior consumer experiences to remain 
the preferred choice for consumers. Our continued share gains in these evolving segments, 
which is in turn driving category growth, gives us confidence in the strength of our strategy and 
the long-term prospects of the category. Over the last 5-8 years, Category penetration in Urban 
India or younger consumers has grown manifold, and Whisper has been in the driving seat for 
these inroads.  
Our focus remains on identifying the most promising growth opportunities and ensuring that 
we are well positioned to win in those spaces. As category leaders, we have the privilege and 
responsibility of deeply understanding our consumers. We continuously engage with 
consumers to understand their evolving needs, preferences and purchasing behaviours. These 
insights help shape our innovation pipeline, portfolio strategy and communication approach. 
Let me take an example of our Nights portfolio. You saw in Kumar’s presentation that we have 
recently upgraded our Whisper Nights range. We learnt that even among the consumers who 
are using period hygiene products today, the incidence of using pads at night is about half. 

 
Reasons for this were plenty, but as we started to educate consumers on how blood flow changes 
at night due to gravity and offered them our delightful night-time period protection products, 
we were rewarded with their love and loyalty. The need for even superior period protection at 
night comes from evolving lifestyle and habits. A comfortable sleep ensures that fear of leakage 
and disrupted sleep don’t come in the way of our consumers seizing the day!  
We also recognize that many consumers of today engage with brands differently. They seek 
authentic, relatable conversations, even in highly personal categories such as feminine care. To 
bring the superiority of our Nights portfolio to life, we are partnering with credible and relatable 
voices to educate consumers about its unique benefits and reinforce the promise of worry-free, 
uninterrupted sleep. You may have seen glimpses of this in the presentation earlier. An 
interesting Nugget – Whisper’s Instagram channel is one of the most followed platforms in 
India dedicated to period care!  
This consumer understanding has not only enabled us to build the Nights portfolio but also 
establish leadership within the segment. Today, half of all pad users choose our Nights portfolio, 
and we continue to lead the segment. Whisper nights is growing ahead of the sanitary napkins 
category penetration and is the most distributed nights brands in India. Similarly, we are leading 
the growth in Period Pants segment, and even in emerging channels like Qcomm.  
As consumer expectations continue to evolve, our commitment remains unchanged — to engage 
meaningfully with consumers in ways that resonate with their lifestyles, preferences and needs, 
and drives the category growth through innovation and superior consumer experiences. 
Going to the next set, we have a few more questions about our growth rates. 
Mudit Minocha from M3 Investment, asked us about the projections and what came in the way 
of the intended growth rates; 
Vinay Shetty from Bajaj Life Insurance asked us on the moats PGHH has in respective segments 
that are difficult to be replicated; 
Similarly, Ronak Shah from Equirus Securities, asked us what specific levers give us the 
confidence in sustaining double-digit earnings growth over the medium term—volume recovery, 
premiumization, market share gains, pricing, or operating leverage?  
While all these levers are important, sustained growth ultimately depends on our ability to win 
with consumers. That remains our foremost focus. We are in a deliberate phase of investing 
behind understanding the consumer, reaching and engaging them, and innovating curated 
solutions for them… recognizing that consumer needs, expectations and behaviors are evolving 
faster than ever before. We know that work needs to be done, and that is exactly what we are 
focused on.  
I also want to spotlight that our ambition remains balanced growth, driven by our Integrated 
Growth strategy and an ability to raise the bar to deliver Irresistible superiority to our 
consumers. And being consumer-first while doing that… This, in fact, is our moat or USP. But, 
what does this mean though?  
 
Products that delight the consumer and get the job done better than expected… in packages that 
provide noticeably better benefits to consumers… They become aware of and learn about these 
products and delightful offerings through superior brand communications… This comes to life 
in stores and online with superior retail execution… and delivers superior consumer value at a 
price that is considered ‘worth it’ across each price tier where we compete. That is our recipe for 
success. 
This year has witnessed many new launches and upgrades – all in service of better consumer 
experiences!  

 
We remain confident in the long-term potential of the category, which is expected to continue 
growing at a healthy rate of mid to high single digits. As we play the role of category leaders, 
our ambition is not only to participate in that growth, but also to help shape and accelerate it 
through consumer-centric innovation and category development. 
I hope that answers what you were looking for… and also how at category growth ought to 
come. 
 
Keeping with the theme, we have representative from Securities Investment Mgmt asking us if 
we are optimising for margins, where we should be optimising for growth?  
We understand why it may seem so – with the results you have seen on the entity. Top line has 
remained flat after we have invested back in the business – from product, package to demand 
generation. This has been possible only because of the systematic savings program that we have 
institutionalized. In fact, this has also delivered a strong bottom-line growth and margin 
expansion.  
We will continue to look at all needed vectors to invest in, and productivity programs that 
become the fuel for these investments. This work has begun already, and the focused parts of 
the portfolio are already seeing green shoots. 
Achieving enduring growth and creating value necessitates a balanced growth strategy. Without 
our ‘save to reinvest’ program, we cannot adequately invest in superior products, effective 
marketing, engaging advertising, or landing the right consumer value, that drive user growth. 
This in turn will help drive volume growth and drive category expansion. At the same time, it 
offers a degree of protection against market volatilities. Ultimately, consumers seek value, not 
just low prices. By consistently offering compelling propositions at the right value, we earn their 
preference and that is how we built brand loyalty.  
The next set of questions I would like to answer include questions from  
Deepesh Pandey from Union Bancaire Privee, who asked us about why revenue has not grown 
this year and has been sluggish for last 3 years?  
Mudit Minocha from M3 Investment, asked us a similar question but going back the decade… 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Ashika Institutional Equities asked us about two or three key 
reasons for the relative slowdown in feminine hygiene revenue growth in recent years compared 
to the past. 
We briefly touched upon this but let me double click on some of the changes and how we are 
tackling them. 
First - Consumer needs and demands are evolving at an unprecedented pace. The distinctiveness 
and diversity of consumer cohorts, their needs, aspirations, and habits are far more pronounced 
than ever before. This, coupled with the dynamic shifts in the media and retail landscapes, 
necessitates a fundamentally different approach and accelerated pace of change compared to 
historical practices. We are listening, learning, adapting – putting our best foot forward.  
What is heartening is that this also provides opportunities like never before. We are already 
working on different ways we can tap into these opportunities. Let’s look at Feminine Care 
category. The representation of women in the workforce is at historical highest. Same with the 
representation in higher education. This underscores the need for far superior products and 
longer lasting period protection. We are grabbing this opportunity and activating our Nights 
and Panties portfolio which offer the best standard of protection within the category. We are 
market leaders in both and continue to grow the category.   
The other significant change has been competition intensity. Many regional players, D2C players 
have entered the category with a host of offerings. In fact, it is estimated that in the last 10 years, 

 
more than 50 new players have entered the category. While healthy competition is always good 
for category growth, the pace of activity has also been unprecedented. This means the consumer 
is not just spoilt for choice, they are facing a lot of clutter with similar-looking communication 
or packaging.  
At the same time, what is heartening is that when the consumer finds a product that makes sense 
for her and works for her, it translates into life-long loyalty. That is what we are here for. We are 
one of the most trusted brands in the country. Therefore, we are focusing on how we can stand 
out of that clutter and provide them with the best possible period protection – with a better 
product and experience than any other they have used; better communication and information 
than any other source; sharp and targeted media mix to reach them where they are, and the right 
go-to-market, to not just make the products available where they shop but also stand out at the 
point of sale. We created the nights period care segment about 5 years ago, and today this is one 
of the most competitive segments. This is also one of the fastest growing segments and Whisper 
has been driving this growth. 
Let’s also look at Healthcare. The category has been seeing a decline for many quarters post 
covid, but we are seeing signs of recovery in more recent quarter... Like we shared earlier, we 
are watching out for monsoons to determine how the next season will be. 
But irrespective, we have been constantly introducing meaningful innovations to the market 
across the different sub segments, and they have performed very well. Sometimes, this has taken 
significant shifts in how we look at our portfolio. For example, our Vicks Cough Drops. Two 
years ago, we revamped the portfolio to add 2X actives and increase the size of the lozenge to 
meet the consumer’s need of a better, bigger product that provides longer relief. We made this 
new and improved product available at the right value for the consumer. This new initiative also 
led to renewed energy and activations on social media, that are driving best-ever engagement 
and sustained excitement. To illustrate – we are growing offtake in double-digit this year, and 
we are growing volume AND volume share on a Past-3-month level.  At the same time, we 
continue to have a robust Rubs portfolio… with there are parts of the portfolio that cater to 
distinct needs – from Vicks BabyRub to Vicks XtraStrong Rubs.  
As you see, across the examples, having a robust portfolio that is consumer-centric, 
communication that brings the benefit to life, and a targeted go-to-market plan with the right 
value… we grow the category. This is the formula needed for sustained growth and long term 
value creation… 
Moving ahead, Anurag Dayal from Phillip Capital, asked us in context of the rising competition 
in female hygiene segment, about how we should look at the segment growth and our market 
share. 
Vinay Shetty from Bajaj Life Insurance asked us something very similar.   
That’s indeed an important question! The category has continued to grow. In fact, the category 
has grown over 100 times in the last 30 years. This year itself, category is growing at late single 
digits. However, how we look at category growth has to evolve too. It is not just about cloth 
users moving to pads, but also occasional pad users increasing incidences and occasions, or 
consistency of use – all in service of the best possible hygiene and care during periods.  
We shared with you in the last question, or the one before…  Competitiveness has increased 
significantly with many regional or D2C players entering the category. At the same time, we are 
also realizing that the category needs to be looked at in different sub-segments, be it different 
benefits like soft-product users, night-time usage, or even different sizes. That means that there 
is no one-size-fits-all solution that can be offered in the feminine hygiene portfolio.  

 
While we remain category leaders overall, as well as in some of the fast-growing -segments, we 
have continued to invest in our propositions to delight our consumers. At the same time, we 
continue to look at the opportunity that is in front of us, to serve the cohorts of yet unserved and 
underserved consumers.  
Shifting gears now… Krishnan Sambamoorthy from Ashika Institutional Equities asked us 
about the performance of Period Panties this year.  
This one is a very exciting sub segment that has been doing exceptionally well for us! You saw 
a glimpse in Kumar’s presentation; I would like to share a little more about our Whisper Period 
Panties which continues to be a truly one-of-its-kind product.  
The product has been designed for the woman of today. The working woman who is active… 
who has long hours at work coupled with long commute time… who is looking for the gold 
standard of period protection; 
 or the young girl who has just hit puberty and has a busy school schedule and does not want 
to worry about frequent change of pads. Additionally, with the younger consumers, the 
category penetration is a few points higher than overall. Therefore, the opportunity here is not 
just introducing them to feminine hygiene as a category but also providing them with 360 
degree leakage protection that alleviates any concerns. 
It is a classic example of translating consumer insights into a winning proposition by designing 
a product that offers Whisper’s best leakage protection. In fact, many consumers believe this is 
the best all-round leakage protection they have available in the market! We are bringing this to 
life with a renewed media plan, a social-first communication strategy, and an iconic, loved 
brand ambassador in Jemimah. I am sure she needs NO introduction!   
One of the most courageous choices we took, is to actually compare the protection a pad gives 
to what a panty gives. One might think it is outrageous for the market leader of sanitary napkins 
to say so. But that’s exactly what Jemimah, our brand ambassador says in the copy you saw a 
while back. That should tell you the kind of belief we have in what Whisper Period Panties has 
to offer… and we are putting our weight behind this segment.  
Happy to share, Whisper Period Panties are already gaining significant salience in different 
channels and consumer cohorts. For example, one in four consumers on Qcomm who buy 
period products are picking Panties… and Whisper Panties are the #1 choice in that segment. 
Whisper Period Panties have been growing consistently over last 2 years. Just this fiscal year, 
Whisper panties sold over 10cr units and tripled the business! This has been truly truly 
heartening for us!  
 
Let’s jump now to a question from Vinay Shetty of Bajaj Life Insurance on the status of operating 
margins of the company.  
This year, we improved structural margins by 1 point… 
 On the topline - we have driven margin expansion with innovation in the premium segments 
to enable consumers to trade up in line with their evolving aspirations.  
At the same time, cost savings across multiple spend buckets provide significant opportunities 
for productivity too.  
What I can say with certainty is that for us, productivity is fully embedded in our operating 
model and is embraced in every part of our operation. It is a more effective AND efficient way 
of operating — in service to consumers and customers — every day. This includes constantly 
assessing our supply chain mix and sourcing programs.   
You heard from Kumar - we are now actively working with a multi-year view on savings and 
productivity to ensure long-term perspective on margins continues. This not only ensures we 

 
have the fuel to invest back in product, demand generation, distribution in evolving etc., but 
also provides us with air cover during macro-economic volatility in service of balanced business 
growth. 
 
Next, let’s take a question from the representative of Bay Capital India Fund, who noted some 
frequent changes in CEO as well as CFO roles over last 10 years, and asked how should one think 
of this as a long-term shareholder if the management team's tenure in this business itself is short-
term oriented. 
We understand why this is an important question. However, let us reassure you, our strategy 
has remained constant despite leadership changes. We have been focusing on our Integrated 
Growth Strategy, which you also heard from Kumar earlier today, for SEVERAL years now. 
The long-term business growth strategy supersedes individual-driven priorities. We have line 
of sight to innovation for 3 to 5 years at any given time for all our categories. Of course, as 
leaders come in, they shape how the strategy gets executed for the better and is brought to life 
in the ever-evolving market context.  
Let me also try to address the probable question behind the question and throw some light on 
talent management principles at P&G. We deliberately plan careers and assignments with the 
intent to give our employees diverse experiences to build holistic skills. These diverse skills 
actually shape better leaders – for the business as well as for the organization. In fact, many 
leaders who have led the company as CEO or CFO are today leading various global or regional 
parts of the company. We continue to be a grow-from-within company, and while, this could 
mean changes in assignment every few years across different businesses or markets, this enables 
us to uniquely ensure continuity given the same consistent thread in terms of our philosophy 
across leaders.  Eventually, this strategy is what enables the Company to have a strong 
leadership succession plan at any given point in time.  
 
Let me now take some questions that have come up in context of the macro-economic volatility. 
Ronak Shah from Equirus Securities, asked us how should investors think about the allocation 
of future cost savings between margin expansion and incremental investments in advertising, 
innovation, and category development, particularly if competitive activity intensifies? 
Meenakshi from Hindu Business Line asked if the West Asia conflict increased cost pressures 
for the company and if we see inflationary pressures impacting consumer sentiment? 
Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities also had a similar question. 
 
I want to highlight how our industry-leading supply chain is benefiting P&G as we work 
through the current global supply chain and commodity surcharge challenges related to the 
West Asia conflict. Yes, cost and availability are both very volatile currently. As an example, 
crude prices have gone up by 30-50%, so have resin prices.  
 
Despite these significant disruptions, we have not gone out of stock or made compromises on 
product performance. And this has only been possible due to years of deliberate investment, 
business continuity planning, deep supplier partnerships and the hard work of our teams.  
 
We know that the volatility is likely to remain, but we are working to mitigate the risks. At the 
same time, we will continue to activate our savings programs. Priority is also to secure supplies 
and ensure continuous supply of our products to the consumer. At the end of the day, we will 
take a balanced approach to growing our business.  
 
 
 

 
We had a few more questions …  
Vishal Punmiya from Yes Securities asked about key areas of investment by the Parent company  
Meenakshi from Hindu Business Line asked about the future investment outlook and 
manufacturing footprint expansion plans  
Representative from Club Millionaire Financial Services, asked us about buyback of shares 
 
Please note, we will refrain from answering these or similar questions and hold back on sharing 
anything that is unpublished price sensitive or confidential to protect the competitive advantage.  
 
That should bring us to the end of it. We hope that this has been meaningful for you, hearing 
examples from Vicks and Whisper portfolio. Some of you sent in recommendations, and I would 
like to acknowledge that we have indeed taken note of the same.  
We look forward to doing this again. On behalf of the company – thank you for your continued 
support! Have a great day! 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking.  
  
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
