 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 4th June, 2026 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G  
Bandra Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: EIEL 
To  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544290 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on 29th 
May, 2026  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
In compliance to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we have attached herewith transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Friday, 29th May, 2026.  
 
The same will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.eiel.in.  
 
You are requested to take the same on your records.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Piyush Jain) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
A57000 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
Piyush Jain
Digitally signed by 
Piyush Jain 
Date: 2026.06.04 
12:53:50 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 29 
 
  
“Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – ENVIRO INFRA ENGINEERS LIMITED 
MR. MANISH JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
ENVIRO INFRA ENGINEERS LIMITED 
ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 2 of 29 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Enviro Infra 
Engineers Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. This 
conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
Company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations 
of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 0 on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Jain, Chairman and 
Whole-time Director. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us 
today. I would like to welcome you all to our Q4 and full year FY26 
earnings call. Joining me with today are Mr. Manish Jain, our Managing 
Director, and Adfactors, our Investor Relations team. We have shared 
our earnings presentation, and I hope you have had the opportunity to 
review it. On behalf of the entire team, I am pleased to share our 
progress and key developments during FY26. 
 
FY26 has been an important year for Enviro Infra as we continue to 
strengthen our position in the water and wastewater infrastructure 
sector, while diversifying into the renewable energy platform. Our core 
business remains focused on delivering high-quality water and 
wastewater treatment infrastructure across the country. 
 
During the year, we completed several key projects and continued to 
enhance 
our 
capabilities 
in 
advanced 
wastewater 
treatment 
technologies and sustainable infrastructure solutions. We also 
maintained our focus on integrating waste-to-energy initiatives where 
feasible, reinforcing our commitment to environmental sustainability. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 3 of 29 
 
 
The year also witnessed a meaningful improvement in our order book 
position, while order finalization timelines across the sector remained 
longer than anticipated due to extended bid evaluation processes. We 
continued to secure quality projects and expand our presence across 
key geographies. 
 
Alongside our core business, we took measured steps toward 
diversification into the renewable energy sector. Through our renewable 
energy platform, we have established a presence across solar, wind, 
and Battery Energy Storage Systems, BESS, reflecting our long-term 
strategy of building a broader environmental infrastructure platform. 
 
A significant milestone during the year was the acquisition of Suyog 
Urja Limited, a wind EPC company. This acquisition strengthens our 
execution capabilities in the renewable energy segment and provides 
access to an experienced team with a strong track record in project 
delivery. 
 
In addition, we secured multiple BESS projects and expanded our 
participation in emerging opportunities within the energy storage 
ecosystem. Importantly, our approach toward diversification remains 
disciplined and complementary to our existing strengths. 
 
We believe the convergence of water infrastructure, renewable energy, 
energy efficiency, and environmental sustainability will create 
significant opportunities over the coming years, and we are positioning 
ourselves to participate meaningfully in the transition. Additionally, the 
company has strengthened its leadership structure by appointing 
dedicated business heads for each division and has a renewable 
energy team of over 250 professionals led by experienced industry 
veterans with expertise across the renewable energy value chain. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on disciplined execution, prudent 
capital allocation, and sustainable value creation. With a healthy order 
book and growing opportunities across both water infrastructure and 
renewable energy, we believe Enviro Infra Engineers is well-positioned 
to deliver long-term growth while maintaining operational excellence. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 4 of 29 
 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Manish Jain, who 
will take you through the key operational developments and financial 
performance for the year. Over to you, Mr. Manish. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you, Sanjay sir. On the order book and execution front, our total 
order book has surged to over INR6,814 crores, providing robust 
revenue visibility over the next 24 months. This comprises of water and 
wastewater execution order book of over INR2,733 crores, operation 
and maintenance order book of over INR951 crores from these water 
and wastewater projects. In the Renewable segment, the execution 
order book is over INR2,051 crores, and the O&M and IPP under the 
renewable segment is INR1,079 crores. 
 
Some of the most recent additions in our order book include: in Q4, we 
have secured a major INR348 crores project from BUIDCO, Bihar 
Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation and 2 sanitation projects 
in Pune and Nashik, which are worth INR824 crores. It is a Swachh 
Bharat Mission project. 
 
We secured 4 BESS projects from NTPC. These are EPC projects 
having a combined capacity of 930 megawatt-hour, and the value is 
approximately INR1,070 crores. These projects are in Uttar Pradesh, 
Assam, Karnataka, and Telangana, along with our recent acquisition of 
a 150 megawatt-hour BESS project in Bihar. This positions us as a first 
mover in India's 90 gigawatt battery storage pipeline. 
 
As we look ahead, the opportunity before us is of consistent execution, 
disciplined growth, and long-term value creation. Backed by sectoral 
tailwinds and our execution readiness, strengthened further by our 
strategic pivot into energy storage and renewable integration, we 
remain confident in our ability to translate these opportunities into a 
robust order book, stable margins, and sustainable returns for all 
stakeholders. 
 
With the strategic transformation that the company is undergoing, we 
believe Enviro Infra Engineers is uniquely positioned to benefit from the 
convergence of urban infrastructure, wastewater treatment, and the 
transition toward a flexible green grid. With an all-time high order book 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 5 of 29 
 
of over INR6,814 crores and improving execution momentum across 
our diverse segments, we remain focused on delivering long-term value 
and operational excellence throughout FY27 and beyond. 
 
Now coming to our financial performance. In Q4 FY26, our revenue 
from operations stood at INR4,273 million, representing a growth of 
8.8% year-on-year. EBITDA stood at INR799 million, while the EBITDA 
margin came in at 18.7%. PAT for the quarter was INR543 million with 
PAT margin at 12.4%, bearing the impact of higher execution and 
operational costs during the year. 
 
For the full year, our revenue reached INR11,456 million, a growth of 
7.5% year-on-year, backed by consistent momentum in the project 
conversion and our strategic foray into renewable segments. EBITDA 
for the full year improved by 3.4% to INR2,768 million with a margin of 
24.2%. Consequently, PAT for FY26 was reported at INR1,884 million 
with a margin of 15.9%. These results underscore our ability to scale 
profitably while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. This is all from our 
side. We can now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Jainam Jain from DAM 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir my first question is, what is the total 
project cost per MLD in general within the industry for sewage treatment 
plants, effluent treatment plants, and wastewater treatment plants and 
water treatment plants? 
Manish Jain: 
In general, the per MLD costing for a sewage treatment plant comes in 
the range of INR1 crores to INR1.5 crores, depending upon the 
specification and the characteristics. In case of common effluent 
treatment plants, it is very difficult to generalize because it all depends 
upon the type of industry for which that particular common effluent 
treatment plant is to be put up. 
 
So the value may vary even from INR2 crores, INR2.5 crores per MLD 
to maybe somewhere around INR10 crores, INR15 crores per MLD as 
well. So it cannot be a generalization at all. In case of a water treatment 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 6 of 29 
 
plant, generally, the values are in the range of INR30 lakh to INR50 lakh 
per MLD. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay. And in, sir, common effluent treatment plants, is there an industry 
in which there is a lower end on the INR2 crores side or any specific 
industry in which the project cost comes to around INR10 crores? 
Manish Jain: 
Kindly, can you repeat the question, please? 
Jainam Jain: 
So you said that there is -- it's very difficult to give a range specifically 
for CETP plants. So is there any specific industry in which the cost 
comes on the lower end and for specific industries the cost comes on 
the higher end? 
Manish Jain: 
Basically, if a common effluent treatment plant is coming for a dry type 
of industry where there is no specific -- it is just a generalized process, 
then definitely the cost will come down. It is more of a sewage treatment 
plant just like a system which is to be operated. If you are talking about 
textile, if we are talking about the ZLD systems, if you are talking about 
the food industry, if you are talking about metal processing or a 
petrochemical industry, so everyone is having a different characteristic. 
 
Based on that inlet characteristic, then the entire plant is designed. 
Then we work out the financial cost, what exactly is the costing and the 
margins that we built up, and then exactly we come around what exactly 
can be the cost like. So just for a very crude generalization, I can just 
say INR3 crores to INR5 crores can be a per MLD cost, but it is just a 
generalization. It will not hold good in case of common effluent 
treatment plants. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay. And sir, out of this total project cost, like what is the percentage 
of the EPC component and the tech component? And how does this 
change for the different technologies -- or for the different types of 
plants? 
Manish Jain: 
You are asking about the CETPs only? 
Jainam Jain: 
Sorry. No, no, for all the treatment plants. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 7 of 29 
 
Manish Jain: 
Presently, the way the bidding is being done in India, in general, water 
treatment plants and common effluent treatment plants are generally 
coming in EPC mode. There are some projects in sewage treatment 
plants which are coming under HAM mode. It is either EPC or HAM 
mode. 
 
But going forward, we can look forward to the opportunities since this 
water from a sewage treatment plant, or if it is a ZLD system, then the 
treated water from a CETP is required to be recirculated to the industry. 
So it can definitely become a revenue stream. The models are -- it is at 
a preliminary stage, but the models are coming. So a revenue 
generation model can come up. So the project can either be EPC or 
can go for a BOT as well. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay. And sir, you gave me the range of the project cost per MLD for 
STP, CETP. So like the majority cost is on the EPC side, or is there any 
major cost incurred on the tech side as well? Because as far as what I 
understand in desalination plants, the tech percentage quite increases 
significantly. So how is it there in all these 3 types of treatment plants? 
Manish Jain: 
There is always a tech component in all different, all type of plants. In 
case of STPs, it is the technology, the biological reactor on which we 
are designing the system, and then the choice of equipment as well. So 
with the -- there are different types of equipment which are available, 
and based on their efficiency, the cost, the capex can go for a change. 
 
So, it is definitely a tech side where we say a right mix of different types 
of technologies and the equipment that plays a major role in case of a 
sewage treatment plant and a common effluent treatment plant. That is 
definitely one of the most complex of all the systems. So that designing 
in itself is -- that is difficult, and the tech side definitely takes a lot of 
effort in designing and completion of a common effluent treatment plant. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay. And in the water treatment plants, the tech percentage is lower? 
Manish Jain: 
Comparatively lower. It is more of the civil work. It is not that tech-savvy 
or too tech-heavy, what I can say. In that case, it is more on the 
management side or constructing of a bigger water treatment plant. So 
basically, on the water side, if it is a general conventional type of water 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 8 of 29 
 
treatment plant, definitely that will not be very tech-heavy. If we are 
going for desalination plants or some these type of plants, so definitely 
at that point of time, that tech component comes into picture. 
Jainam Jain: 
Okay. So would you give any percentage of the total project cost which 
would go on the tech side for all these 3 type of treatment plants? In 
general, a rough number. 
Manish Jain: 
If I say any of the project on turnkey basis, so the designing in itself 
constitutes 2% to 5% of the total turnkey project values. And then it is 
the civil, mechanical, electrical, instrumentation works which are carried 
out. So designing component can be 2% to 5%. If we are going for 
desalination plant, definitely the turnkey project size will increase, and 
it will again be -- the designing component will be to that extent. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Choraghe from 
Keynote Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manish Choraghe: 
Hello, Manishji. So last year, we had given a guidance of 35% growth 
in topline, and that we did not meet. And if we look at the Q4 margins, 
that are the weakest margins. So are we facing any execution delays in 
the business? 
Manish Jain: 
First of all, with respect to the projects which have come into the 
physical execution, definitely there are no delays at all. The projects are 
moving smoothly, and we are executing on the projects on the fastest 
possible mode. 
 
In the last financial year, as on 1st of April 2025, we were having an 
order book of around INR1,200 crores. However, we were having a 
strong bid pipeline. We were expecting a faster evaluation and 
conversion into order. 
 
We got some orders, but the entire order book that we were envisaging, 
we were expecting that we will be in a position to grab all the projects 
quite fast. However, the process got elongated. Furthermore, there was 
some project in the month of November-December where we were L1, 
we were expecting the project, however, it had gone into a re-bidding. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 9 of 29 
 
 
So the delay, a partial delay in the evaluation process, this is one of the 
factors. And some of the projects that we bagged, it was around August 
when we bagged some projects which remained in the designing stage. 
So the revenue could not be generated from these projects. There are 
2 specific projects, let me tell you: one is an MIDC, CETP, ZLD project, 
and then there were 2 Bangalore projects where the designing process 
had gone slow or the approval process did take time. 
 
So the execution could not happen in these projects. So this is a reason 
where the projects remained on the designing stage and it could not 
come into the execution pipe. That is why we have missed the revenue 
guidance which we projected. 
 
One more point I would like to emphasize is, since at the start it was 
only INR1,200 crores order book which was available with us, right now 
the conversion we have done is INR1,145-odd crores. So if we see, the 
conversion rate seems to be somewhere around 95%. However, the 
replication of the orders and that conversion into revenues, that has 
taken time. So because of this, we have partially missed our revenue 
guidelines for the year. 
 
If I talk about the present, since our order book even now has become 
quite exciting, it is at INR4,800 crores for the entire execution order 
book, and the further split is INR2,700-odd crores from water and 
wastewater segment and INR2,050-odd crores from the renewables. 
So we are just projecting a topline of INR2,000-odd crores, which will 
replicate into a conversion of somewhere around 42%. So we are trying 
ourselves to be just too conservative this time so that there is no fallback 
at all. 
 
One more point that you asked is with respect to the margins which 
have gone down. As I have time and again mentioned, it is the mix of 
the projects which we are executing. So there was a component of 
around INR100 crores, INR120 crores which has come from the 
renewable side, and since these were IPP, so there was practically no 
margin in that particular execution, because of which it looks that there 
is some gap in the margin. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 10 of 29 
 
 
Furthermore, if you can just go through the details we have shared, the 
cost of manufacturing has gone down. It has not gone up; it has gone 
down. It has gone down by around 1 percentage point. But there is a 
slight increase in the employee cost, which has increased to 
somewhere around 6% for this financial year. And then other expenses, 
which has increased to 3.5% of the revenues. There is a provision of 
expected credit loss, which is as per Ind AS which we have to book. 
 
So if we see into all these factors, so I can say the margin compression 
exactly is not there, but definitely as per the audited balance sheet and 
P&L, it looks like there is margin compression. Overall, year if you will 
look into, the EBITDA margins are again more 24% and above. So at 
the margin side, I will not say there is any compression at all, but 
revenue side, definitely there has been -- there is some execution parts 
which we could not do and the guidance could not be adhered to. 
Manish Choraghe: 
Okay. And my second question is, if we look at the current order book, 
if I'm not wrong, around 35% to 40% order book is coming from energy, 
I mean, Renewable segment. So till last year, we have been a pure-
play water treatment company. How do we look at the company going 
forward? And what is the margin profile in this BESS segment? 
Manish Jain: 
If we look into the future, we are strengthening our position in the water 
and wastewater treatment segment. If you will see the earnings -- this 
release, media release, there are 4 projects which we have completed 
which have given a lot of strength to the company, out of which one of 
the project is a 100 MLD STP at Jodhpur. The entire process has been 
upgraded on IFAS system, which is one of the biological reactors. Along 
with this, we have gone for the power generation from biogas and then 
for disinfection, we have gone for ultra-filtration systems. 
 
The second project is a 55 MLD STP at Varanasi, where a substantial 
portion of the electricity requirement has been offset by an innovative 
way of placing the solar cells on the top of the reactor. This has been 
done for the first time in India and it has been well acknowledged by 
NMCG as well. The other project is a 25 MLD CETP at Sarigam, then 
a 30 MLD STP at Bhiwadi. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 11 of 29 
 
 
So basically, when I say all this, what I want to project is that we are 
increasing our pre-qualification capabilities for the complex wastewater 
treatment plants and we are getting eligible for higher and higher 
capacities. So this is how we are strengthening ourselves in the 
wastewater treatment segment and we are increasing our geographical 
presence as well. 
 
Now the second segment, which is renewable, which we started in the 
last year. See, sustainability was the key motto of the company, and as 
I said, this waste-to-energy and solar integration we were doing as a 
part of our project. So based on our previous experience in this sector, 
we entered into it. 
 
We do have some solar assets with us, which we acquired. Then we 
got a prestigious project -- it is a combination of 4 projects, 930 
megawatt-hour from NTPC, for which the work has started. We have 
gone for the acquisition for one of the BESS projects of 150 megawatt-
hour, and then the acquisition of Suyog for wind EPC projects. 
 
So within a year's time, we started this renewable company and at the 
same time, we have built up the order book to the extent of INR2,050-
odd crores rupees. Whenever we will try to present ourselves, we will 
give the segmental revenues separately, so the segmental profitability 
that would be clearly visible to everyone. 
 
On the whole, if I say INR2,000 crores is the visibility, somewhere 
around INR1,350 crores is what we are expecting from the water and 
wastewater treatment sector and INR650 crores is what we look forward 
to as the topline from the Renewable segment. 
 
So the combined -- for this combined, I do understand that the 
profitability can be at a level of somewhere around 14%, so INR270 
crores to INR280 crores can be the PAT number, which we will look 
forward to on a topline of INR2,000-odd crores. 
 
There is one geopolitical global crisis which has happened, due to which 
some costs have also gone for a rise. So there will be a pressure, 
maybe to an extent of 1 to 2 percentage points. So taking into account 
all these factors, we have come up with this version that a topline of 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 12 of 29 
 
around INR2,000 crores with PAT number somewhere around 13.5% 
to 14% what we can look forward for FY27. 
Manish Choraghe: 
Okay. And would you be able to give a specific margin profile for BESS 
business? 
Manish Jain: 
Okay. In the BESS business, which is EPC, we will expect PAT margin 
somewhere in the range of 10%. Because of this issue, since we will be 
importing the lithium-ion battery cells, so the prices have increased. So 
at present, we are going ahead for doing the BOS, which says the civil 
works, the transformer, all the electrical HT lines. So this is the work 
where we have already started, the design works have started, the 
mobilization has started. 
 
We will delay the procurement of lithium-ion battery to a certain extent 
so the prices get settled down, and at that point of time, we'll go for the 
procurement. But at least at this point of time, we can say with the 
present cost as well, the margin seems to be somewhere in the range 
of 10%. 
Manish Choraghe: 
All right. Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. 
Manish Jain: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello, good evening. Am I audible? 
Manish Jain: 
Yes, yes, you are audible, please. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, hi sir. Thank you so much for letting me take a question. Sir, I didn't 
get the margin that you were saying that INR100 crores was from IPP 
which led to a lower margin, because even in Q3, we were very 
confident of being able to do INR230 crores of PAT, right? And that call 
would have been happening in January and February. So then what 
changed? 
 
Because sir, that is just sometimes then -- because that’s a significant 
difference that we are planning in February and right now, right sir? So 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 13 of 29 
 
could you explain the margin compression that happened? Like what -
- and is this the rate that of margin should we expect going forward, sir? 
In water and renewable, what should be the margins that we should 
assume, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
If you will see our media release, the employee cost has gone up to an 
extent of 6%. So there is an increase of around 1.5% in respect of the 
revenues. So the employee -- when the employee cost has increased, 
the conversion of the projects -- the projects were under mobilization, 
but they remained in the design stage. So the cost got built up in that 
year. 
 
However, the projects have now got started, so the revenue recognition 
and the profitability, that will get accrued in the current financial year. 
So if the cost of manufacturing -- the positive side is the cost of 
manufacturing has not gone high, rather it has dipped. 
 
The other factors are basically the other expenses as I mentioned right 
now. A ECL provision of INR10 crores has been booked. There has 
been a substantial increase in the depreciation. Since we have gone for 
the procurement of various equipment for the construction, so the 
depreciation cost has also gone high. These factors, if you combine 
this, the depreciation amount is I think INR25 crores and the ECL 
provision is INR10 crores. So what I mean to say is basically if you -- 
we can just reconcile these factors, the margin profile has not gone 
down. 
 
I will admit the point that the revenue, the revenue guidance has gone 
down. It -- we could not match the guidance which we had projected. 
But on the profitability front, definitely the compression seems to be 
there in Q4 since the expenses have gone high and we were on the 
verge of -- we had mobilized the projects, but these did not transpire 
into revenues. 
 
So as such, I can confirm with respect to the execution, the delay was 
not there. Now the projects have come into execution and the margin 
profile definitely will remain to be in the same range. However, for the 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 14 of 29 
 
global crisis, I am reducing my EBITDA guidance to somewhere around 
21% to 22%, which was earlier 22% to 24%. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, okay sir. So now the EBITDA is around 21%-22%. So would it be 
like in Q1, Q2 it would be a lower EBITDA and Q3, Q4 it will be a bit 
normalized EBITDA, so then the blended comes? Or how do you see 
it, sir, going forward? Like if you could -- I would not want a granular 
detail, but just like some color that, you know, H1 would be a bit lower 
margins and H2 could be higher, or how would you explain, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
It all depends upon how the situation pans out. At least at present, the 
pricing of the commodities or the raw materials which are we are 
procuring, that has gone high to an extent. So it may impact certain 
profitability. If the situation gets stabilized, as we are listening time and 
again that some agreement is happening between the 2 sides, and if it 
happens and the things get stabilized, definitely the prices will also get 
settled down and then it can replicate into the profitability. As of now, if 
what I can foresee is a 1% to 2% dip can be possible, but I don't foresee 
that it will be a bigger hit at all from this number. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, okay, fair enough, sir. And sir, with regards to our, you know, 
debt, what is the level of debt that, you know, we are comfortable with, 
like in going forward, sir? As our interest cost is also inching up a bit 
higher, so what do you feel going forward, what can be our peak debt? 
And what is the average cost of debt, sir, for us? 
Manish Jain: 
Right now, I am pleased to confirm that the finance cost has not gone 
high, rather it has dipped from the last financial year. The total debt in 
the books right now is to the tune of INR422 crores, out of which the 
long-term debt which is paired to the assets or term loans HAM project, 
it is INR250 crores and short-term loan is somewhere around INR175 
crores, and which is also a part of CC which is utilized at some point of 
time and the touch limit. 
 
So the ultimate finance cost has come down. The present debt level is 
0.34. We do understand that maximum, and if I talk about all the 
extremes, a 1:1 debt level is we would not like to cross at any point of 
time. At this juncture, we also look forward to, since we do have a 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 15 of 29 
 
number of assets available with us, so at a certain stage, if we see that 
we are going a bit heavy, we'll be offloading and we'll be going for the 
monetization of the assets. 
 
So at this juncture, at this point of time, we can just confirm that 1:1 is 
the maximum possible level beyond which we would not like to go as a 
consolidated books as well. So that we'll keep a check on the 
development projects in the renewable segment as well. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, okay. Yes, I have more questions, I'll get back in the line. Thank 
you so much, sir. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Bhandari from 
AART Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. A couple of questions from my 
side. First, if you could give the split of this, you know, INR1,146-odd 
crores, how much of it was from the renewable side during the year and 
during the quarter in particular? 
Manish Jain: 
I think it is around INR120 crores from the renewable side. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
And during fourth quarter it was? 
Manish Jain: 
Just a minute, please. In the fourth quarter, it is INR117 crores. In the 
fourth quarter, INR117 crores, and for the entire financial year, it is 
INR129 crores. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
INR117 for the fourth quarter and INR129 for the fourth quarter. 
Manish Jain: 
For the entire financial year. So there was hardly INR12 crores which 
we had done till December, and INR117 crores is what we have done 
in Q4 from the renewables. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 16 of 29 
 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. So when you were talking about a INR2,000 crores of topline, 
that suggests a 75% growth on FY26 topline number. 
Manish Jain: 
Boss you cannot see it from that angle that since the Renewable 
segment has been started only 1 year ago, and the first project has 
come in August which we acquired. So the number pairing right now will 
not look right, rather the level at which the order book is available and 
then the conversion of that order book into revenues, I think that will 
make more sense. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. And what would be the order inflow guidance for FY27? 
Manish Jain: 
For FY27, we would look forward to at least INR2,500 crores further 
order book. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. And what is the current bid pipeline like? 
Manish Jain: 
Current bid pipeline as of now is somewhere around -- the bid pipeline 
where we have submitted our bid is somewhere around INR1,200 
crores, and the projects for which bidding is to happen where we are 
interested, it is somewhere around INR5,000 crores further. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
INR5,000 crores. 
Manish Jain: 
Yes. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
And just if you can throw some light on the working capital because it 
has stretched a bit, and we targeted it around 95 to 100-odd days. So if 
you can throw some light on the working capital. 
Manish Jain: 
You are 100% right. This time around, the working capital has got 
stretched to 166 days. The main reason this time has been during the -
- during any of the financial years, we expected if there is any fund 
which is not released, get released by March. We are doing AMRUT 
projects across 5-6 states. The problem remained that this time around, 
the funds didn't get released from the AMRUT projects. I was executing 
the projects in Chhattisgarh, then MP, Rajasthan, Haryana, and Punjab. 
 
Predominantly from these states, I was having the various AMRUT 
projects. So we didn't stop our projects or we had gone slow. We kept 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 17 of 29 
 
the momentum going, and our projects are still moving at the same level 
itself. 
 
This has led to an increase in the UBR days. Basically, I cannot go for 
raising the invoices or the GST invoice cannot be raised. So if you will 
see, the receivable days have come down to 53, however, the UBR 
days have increased substantially to 195 days. And the net working 
capital cycle is 166 days. 
 
The positive side is the funds from Chhattisgarh have got released. We 
have got the confirmation that the funds are now coming in Rajasthan, 
Haryana, MP as well. So I look forward to that the situation should get 
eased out very soon. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
All right. And just one last question on this EBITDA margins that you 
have lowered the guidance to 20%, 21% from earlier it… 
Manish Jain: 
21%, 22%. 21% to 22%. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
In the range of 21% to 22%. 
Manish Jain: 
Yes. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. And so do we see that normalization of working capital days 
happening in FY27? And if yes, up to what levels? 
Manish Jain: 
Definitely. For me, as we understand, the working capital cycle should 
come down to somewhere around 90 days, which is a prudent working 
capital cycle. So I need to reduce these number of working capital days, 
and for this, the conversion of this UBR is required. We are on it, and 
we understand that the moment these funds are released, we'll be a lot 
more relieved. 
 
And apart from this, still the cash position in the company is at a 
comfortable level. That is why we have not slowed down any of the 
projects. There are instances where the project is for 2 years, we are 
expecting the completion within 13-14 months' time itself, and the 
project is complete to an extent of 70% and the funds that we have got 
is hardly 10% to 15%. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 18 of 29 
 
 
So there is a huge, huge gap in 3 to 4 projects like this. So we are 
working on it and we are completing the project, and at the same time, 
we are chasing the departments for the release of the funds as well. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
And you mentioned about the unbilled revenue, which is stretched. So 
it is currently at what levels? 
Manish Jain: 
Currently, the unbilled UBR days are 195 days. Let me give you the 
split; inventory days are 11, receivable days are 53, UBR days are 195, 
creditor days are 92, so the net working capital cycle is 166. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
156 or 166? 
Manish Jain: 
166. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
All right, all right. Okay, thanks. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vidhi Shah from CR Kothari 
and Sons. Please go ahead. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Good afternoon, sir. Sir, firstly, I would like to understand, for our 
contracts, are these fixed-price contracts or we can pass on the cost 
increase to the customer? 
Manish Jain: 
In maximum of the contracts, it is a price variation clause which is 
applicable. So a part of the cost increase will definitely get offset with 
the price variation clause. However, it does not take into account the 
entire price increase in the market. So to that extent, we are required to 
lower our guidance. So this is how the thing goes. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Okay, understood. So sir, given the cost escalation that we are facing 
currently, so are we willing to forgo or postpone any project execution 
for the same? And how much of the current order book are we looking 
to execute in FY27? 
Manish Jain: 
No, we are not going slow at all in the execution of any of the projects. 
It is just a matter of time that we can defer buying of some of the 
equipment, just waiting like I confirmed for BESS. We will defer 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 19 of 29 
 
purchase of the lithium-ion battery, rather we will go for rest of all the 
equipment and the execution. 
 
So we are not slowing down at all. We will just defer the supply to certain 
months where we can just see the prices get stabilized and then we can 
procure it. However, during the financial year, we will not go slow down, 
rather we will move ahead. 
Vidhi Shah: 
Understood. And how much order book execution are we looking for 
FY27? 
Manish Jain: 
We are looking forward to a top line of around INR2,000 crores. 
Vidhi Shah: 
All right. That's my question. Thank you and all the best to you. 
Manish Jain: 
Welcome. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya from Morde Foods 
and Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Good evening, sir. Am I audible? 
Manish Jain: 
Yes, audible. 
Aditya: 
Yes, apologies if the question has already been addressed. I just 
wanted to request you to throw some light on the re-bidding of orders 
that took place in the… 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Aditya. Your voice is muffled. Can you use your 
handset mode, please? 
Aditya: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Still, your voice is muffled. 
Manish Jain: 
Aditya, you can go on. There is some roominess which is coming, but 
you can just complete your question. 
Moderator: 
Sir, we have lost the connection for Aditya. So we will take the next 
question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 20 of 29 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello, thank you so much for letting me ask a question again, sir. Sir, 
just wanted to understand, like, that, you know, we're planning to 
convert like nearly half of the order book this year. So going forward, 
sir, what do you feel, sir, year-on-year growth, how will it be? Because 
this year we'll have a massive growth. 
 
Next year, how do you feel, sir, will go on? And sir, also with regards to, 
we have a decent size O&M and, you know, book of maintenance. So 
what is the margin looking like in that segment, sir? Will it start 
contributing more, you know, going forward? So how will that, you know, 
help us, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
Right. You asked a very right question. Basically, if you see the total 
order book right now stands at INR4,800 crores. So even if we go by 
the present number only, so it covers at least 2 financial years, that is 
FY27 and then 2028, along with the decent growth in the company. This 
entire order book is required to be executed over a period of 2 years. 
So INR4,800 crores gives the visibility clearly for 2 financial years. 
 
The operation and maintenance order book for wastewater treatment 
projects is INR950-odd crores, and then for that IPP income or 
renewable projects O&M, that is INR1,000 crores. Right now, as the 
executions are continuing in the wastewater treatment segment as well, 
on a year-on-year basis, the O&M values, these are increasing and the 
margins are comparatively higher in comparison to execution. 
 
However, the O&M values, if I talk about only the water-wastewater 
treatment, then it forms 3% to 5% of the total revenues. So in absolute 
terms, definitely the amount of O&M revenues that will increase on year-
on-year basis. Apart from this, the IPP income, that will also generate 
very decent IRR in future. So with this increase, the absolute returns in 
terms from the O&M for both water-wastewater treatment segment as 
well as the IPP income and O&M of renewable, definitely the profitability 
on absolute terms will get higher from the O&M business as well. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay, got it. And sir, just wanted to understand any, you know, 
capex addition that, you know, we have to do for the next year or 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 21 of 29 
 
something because of our order book also increasing? So any kind of, 
you know, plans for extra capex, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
The capex plan for execution of our projects, as we start any new 
project, there can be a equipment requirement of INR4 crores, INR5 
crores in general. So first of all, if there can be any repetition, then we 
will go for the repetition. And if it is at all required to further buy if the 
equipment are not free and these are engaged in some other project, 
then we go for purchase. 
So we don't see any major capex going on. Apart from the capex which 
we have done in the last financial year, but I think it can be to the tune 
of INR20 crores, INR30-odd crores, not more than that. So I don't think 
that it will be a bigger amount in terms of capex. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, okay. Great, great, sir. Yeah, yeah, that's it from my side. Thank 
you so much, sir. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Atul Kumar, 
an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Atul Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations on the diversification efforts that you guys 
have done throughout the year to get our presence in renewable sector. 
So that is definitely good for the long term. So most of my questions are 
answered, but a few things that I wanted to understand. 
I think you mentioned that total INR4,800 crores order book needs to 
be executed in the coming two years. And you've given a guidance for 
FY27, but if I would like to understand what sort of top and bottom line 
we should be expecting in FY28, would you be able to give some color 
on that? 
Manish Jain: 
We have always projected a top line growth in the range of 35% to 40%. 
So if I can project FY28 order book, which will be—which will come from 
the balance of the current order book, which will be INR2,800 crores. 
 
So that can be a revenue guidance, or I can be a bit selective further 
that instead of INR2,800 crores, it can be somewhere around INR2,500 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 22 of 29 
 
crores to INR2,600 crores on a conservative basis. So this is how we 
can look forward to growing at that rate even in FY28 as well. Based on 
the current order book positions, we are sitting at a comfortable level. 
So FY27 and ‘28 visibility is quite clear on the current order book 
position itself. 
Atul Kumar: 
Okay. That's good. And FY27 also, you mentioned that it's a 
conservative guidance by giving for 2,000, so chances could be for 
upward revision but mostly not for downward revision. 
Manish Jain: 
The downward revision what could have happened that I have 
mentioned because of the global crisis which can happen, so a 1% to 
2% EBITDA downward which can happen. And it will all depend upon 
the entire financial year how the situation goes. So if the things get 
settled down and the prices get eased out, definitely then there will not 
be any compression which we can see. 
Atul Kumar: 
Okay, okay, cool. And also sir, I wanted to understand since we are 
already two months into Q1, so can you give us some light on how are 
we moving ahead in Q1 with just one month left, what sort of top and 
bottom line we should be heading towards? 
Manish Jain: 
Last year we did somewhere around INR250 crores in Q1. The present 
position will be much better even despite the global crisis which is 
ongoing. So our numbers seem to be much better in comparison to Q1 
of the last financial year. 
Atul Kumar: 
Okay, okay. 
Manish Jain: 
I would not like to put any number right now. It will be much better to 
conclude the quarter. However, the movement in the project is smooth 
and we are expecting—because there are three companies now: one 
is the parent Enviro Infra Engineers Limited, second one is Renewable, 
and third one is Suyog where the wind EPC projects are being 
undertaken. So a combined top line, we understand it will be good 
enough. 
Atul Kumar: 
Okay, okay. And sir, you said the current... 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 23 of 29 
 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Atul. You may please rejoin the queue for follow-
up questions. Thank you. 
Atul Kumar: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Yogesh Shah from YBS 
Capital. Please go ahead. We have lost the connection for the current 
participant, so we will go ahead and take the next question from the line 
of Anboli, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anboli: 
Hello. Good evening. Hello? 
Manish Jain: 
Good evening. 
Anboli: 
Sir, when can we see our OCF to be positive, Operating Cash Flow? 
Manish Jain: 
I would again mention the investor presentation, if you will see. Our 
adjusted OCF has been positive even in the current financial year as 
well. Our OCF pre-tax in the current financial year is almost balanced 
around INR4 lakh positive. And post-tax, it is INR63 crores negative. 
 
However, there is a portion of the service concessionaire agreement 
receivables, which is by its very nature is a 15-year long-term 
receivables, but as per the audit policies, definitely we are required to 
take it to the OCF portion. That is why it seems to be negative. 
 
Despite being the UBR going so high, we have been OCF positive pre-
tax. We look forward to that the situation will get eased out in the next 
financial year. We are heading towards the completion of various water 
supply projects in MP. 
 
The projects under AMRUT which are ongoing, we are expecting 
release of funds very soon. So we do expect that the UBR level will also 
go down and the OCF pre-tax, post-tax. And then this adjusted, 
definitely this will also seem to be positive further. 
Anboli: 
Sir, also my another question is, going forward, how can an investor 
should look at this company? Just as Mr. Manish at starting, it was like 
Wastewater Treatment Company, now it is into BESS. And going 
forward, what are the plans? Are we into desalination kind of things? 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 24 of 29 
 
Manish Jain: 
One of the projects I had talked about was an MIDC Project… 
Moderator: 
Sir, you may please continue. 
Manish Jain: 
I was talking about one of the projects at MIDC, which is a Common 
Effluent Treatment Plant and it is a ZLD project. A ZLD project in itself 
requires -- it is for a textile complex, so UF and RO is a part of this 
Common Effluent Treatment Plant. 
 
So basically, there is a pre-qualification requirement of this UF and RO. 
With this and this is one of the biggest plants in India. So with this, we 
will earn a decent qualification in terms of entering into Desalination 
projects as well. 
 
We are actively looking into the projects. And if we will get any of the 
joint venture opportunities, definitely we would like to enter into the 
Desalination projects as well. So our focus on Water and Wastewater 
Treatment Projects will continue as it is. 
 
And the renewable segment, it is a separate segment. And we will 
always show the revenues which will get generated along with the order 
book in the renewable segment as a separate company. 
Anboli: 
Sir, one follow-up. Are we looking only into India, or just into abroad as 
well? 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Anboli. You may please rejoin the queue for more 
questions. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, kindly restrict your 
questions to one only. We will take our next question from the line of 
Sheetal Shah, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sheetal Shah: 
Good evening, sir. Am I audible? 
Manish Jain: 
Yeah, audible. 
Sheetal Shah: 
Sir, correct me, if I'm wrong. You've given a guidance of around 
INR2,000 crores in FY27 and a PAT of INR280 crore. Am I correct, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
Right, INR270 to INR280 crore. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 25 of 29 
 
Sheetal Shah: 
Okay, sir. Okay. So my only question is, sir, what are the factors that 
you are banking on, which will help us to achieve this? The reason I'm 
asking, sir, last year we gave a guidance of around 35% growth, but 
somehow some project got reviewed, some project got postponed, we 
were not able to meet our goal. 
 
I just want to know, do we face -- can we face such situation this year 
also or we are banking only on our order book to achieve this target? 
And what factors which can go against, which may hamper us in not 
achieving this goal? These are only my questions, sir. 
Manish Jain: 
Right. The order book at the start of last financial year was INR1,200 
crore. 
Sheetal Shah: 
Right. 
Manish Jain: 
The replication into revenues is INR1,145 crore. So a conversion rate, 
if I go by that thought process, is somewhere around 95% plus. 
Sheetal Shah: 
Right. 
Manish Jain: 
Right now, I do have the order book in hand. I'm not talking about the 
order book during the current financial year what we will get further. So 
this is the order book which is already in hand. So if I say a conversion 
of INR2,000 crores on an order book of INR4,800 crore, so I'm talking 
about the conversion of 42%. 
 
I'm also concerned, the guidance which we had given and we could not 
achieve it, so we want to be doubly sure whatever guidance we are 
giving, that could be possible under any eventuality. We had been very 
careful while working it out. We have done our best of efforts and our 
thought process, while we are announcing this. We are fairly confirmed 
and committed that this will be the level which we can achieve. 
Sheetal Shah: 
Okay. So this means, sir, from the order book which we have, we are 
going to execute it and can give such type of result, right? So the 
problem which we got last year will not face this year, right, sir? 
Manish Jain: 
That's true. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 26 of 29 
 
Sheetal Shah: 
Okay, sir. And sincere suggestion, sir. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt. Mr. Shah… 
Sheetal Shah: 
I don't have any questions. Sir, I just wanted to give a suggestion to sir 
to give a realistic projection henceforth, sir. That is only our request as 
an investor to you, sir. Only achievable targets and realistic targets, sir. 
Okay, thank you, sir. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Shah. We will take our next question from the line of 
Aditya from Morde Foods Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Good evening, sir. Am I audible clearly this time? 
Manish Jain: 
Yes, yes, you are audible. 
Aditya: 
Yes, apologies if the question has already been addressed. I just 
wanted to request you to throw some light on the re-bidding of orders 
that took place in Q3. Did the re-bidding go in the company's favor, or 
like, could you please throw some color through it? 
Manish Jain: 
The re-bidding is neither in the favor of the company nor it is against. It 
is just a timeline which had got lost because of the re-bidding. There 
was some technical glitch because of which the department was forced 
to cancel all the bids that they had invited and they have gone for a re-
invitation. So it is a cumbersome process for them as well, and we have 
lost some timeline. We would have expected some further orders from 
those projects which we had bidded, but it is I mean, it is a matter of 
time that we have lost. 
Aditya: 
Okay. And this execution slowdown was more on renewables or 
wastewater? 
Manish Jain: 
I can say it is a mix of both. There is some partial – my guidance was 
around INR200 crores in renewables, against which we have achieved 
somewhere around INR120-odd crores, INR120 or INR130-odd crores, 
and a partial slowdown in the wastewater treatment segment as well. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 27 of 29 
 
So around INR100 crores from each segment is what has gone down 
in terms of revenue. 
Aditya: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. That answers all my questions. Thank you and 
best of luck. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sarab Chawla, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sarab Chawla: 
Hello, sir. My question is regarding the orders, sir. Like, I believe last 
time we had an issue where payment didn't get released from Jal 
Jeevan scheme, and now we are facing an issue where payment didn't 
get released from AMRUT scheme. So are we exploring any options to 
deal with private clients over government, or is that market not big? Can 
you just share something on that? 
Manish Jain: 
If you will see our order book in the renewables, basically we have 
entered into B2B segment in a big way. We have got a major orders 
from NTPC, so the – we will not face at least any challenges with 
respect to the receivables there. Or wind EPC projects, this company 
Suyog, so they are executing the wind EPC projects for various private 
companies which are A to AAA rated. So that way, we are trying to de-
risk ourselves. 
Apart from this, the projects that we are executing, definitely these are 
centrally funded or centrally sponsored projects. It has been some 
delays in the government from the center side this time. Other way 
around, we had seen for a longer period that the funds from the center 
used to come. 
However, during the last two financial years, yes, there has been a 
challenge with respect to the release of funds on time from the center. 
We look forward to the position getting eased out, as we have come to 
know the project -- the funds have been earmarked for release for 
various projects undergoing under AMRUT scheme as well. And look 
forward to things getting eased out. 
Sarab Chawla: 
Okay, thank you. 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 28 of 29 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Atul Kumar, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Atul Kumar: 
Hello, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. Just have one question. So 
at current time, right, our order book is looking around 30% to 40% of 
renewables. We're getting into BESS wind projects, etcetera. So, do we 
also have plans to get into the projects for transmission and distribution 
in power sector? Because I think that's booming for all the right reasons 
due to AI and other power projects. The whole value chain in power is 
increasing and expected to be at that rate for a few years. So, is there 
any plan to get into the bidding for EPC for T&D sectors? 
Manish Jain: 
In the current projects in BESS segment which we have got from NTPC, 
we are executing EHV transformers and transmission lines, the HT lines 
as well. So that ways, definitely we will be having the pre-qualifications 
available with us. 
 
At present, since our order book is decent enough, we don't look 
forward to entering into the T&D segment very soon, but it can be one 
of the segments in future wherein we can enter since some of the works 
that we will execute will give the pre-qualifications to us. So the 
diversification, that will definitely -- it can happen and we would look 
forward to the right opportunities when we can do. 
Atul Kumar: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. That helps, and thanks for answering the 
question and we look forward to the execution and guidance. Thanks a 
lot. 
Manish Jain: 
Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prateek Bhandari from 
AART Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Sir, you mentioned that you are looking for INR650-odd crores of 
revenue from renewable. Right? And currently, we are having an order 
book of INR2,000 -- and almost INR2,000 crores, right? 
Manish Jain: 
Right. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
So, what would be the execution timeline of this INR2,000 crores? 

Enviro Infra Engineers Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Page 29 of 29 
 
Manish Jain: 
Execution timeline is 18 months to 24 months for these projects. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. So, you're expecting almost 30% of it to be executed in FY27. 
Manish Jain: 
We want to be conservative. We want to be conservative that is why I'll 
not give a higher number rather first of all this number should be 
achievable under any other circumstances. So, that is why we are not 
projecting any higher revenue numbers at all. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
And what typically margins do we seek in renewables? 
Manish Jain: 
Likewise, I confirmed in the BESS segment, at present the margin range 
seems to be somewhere around 10%, and we look forward to achieving 
PAT margins in the range of 10% to 12%, a blended one from the 
renewables. It will vary from project to project. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
It’s about -- EBITDA or PAT? 
Manish Jain: 
I'm talking about PAT numbers. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
10% to 12% PAT? 
Manish Jain: 
Yeah. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Jain for closing 
comments. 
Sanjay Jain: 
Thank you for your continued trust and interest. We are excited about 
the opportunities in India's green transition and remain committed to 
disciplined profitable growth. Thanks again for taking the time to join us 
today, and we look forward to interacting with you again. Thank you. 
Thank you, everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Enviro Infra Engineers Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us today and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
