 
 
   
  May 16, 2026 
 
To, 
Listing Department  
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
 
Code: 526668 
ISIN: INE967C01018 
 
 
To, 
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: KAMATHOTEL 
 
 
Sub.: Submission of Transcript of Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on May 13, 2026  
  
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), 
please find enclosed herewith a transcript of Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference call of Kamat Hotels (India) 
Limited with various Investors and Analysts held on Wednesday, May 13, 2026, at 12:00 Noon (IST). 
 
We request you to take the above on record and treat the same as compliance under the applicable 
provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Kamat Hotels (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Nikhil Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl a/a. 
 
NIKHIL 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by NIKHIL SINGH 
Date: 2026.05.16 
14:51:25 +05'30'

Kamat Hotels India Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Conference Call 
May 13, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY26 Conference Call of Kamat Hotels 
(India) Ltd. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” followed by “0” 
on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand over the 
conference to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Kamat Hotels (India) Ltd. 
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. 
Some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward looking in nature. Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties which could cause actual 
results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as 
well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
I would now like to introduce you to the Management team joining us on today's call. We have 
with us Mr. Vishal Vithal Kamat – Executive Director and Mr. Nikhil Singh – Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer. 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Vishal Vithal Kamat to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 

Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Thank you very much. Namaskar, everyone. I would like to welcome you all to the Earnings Call 
that we have for the Year Ending 2026. 
So, with that, let me give an overall outlook: 
While the global challenges have been immense for multiple industries, I think at the same 
time we find ourselves in a very strange situation where supply is a challenge and demand is 
still there. So, many companies are having orders, but they are not able to execute due to 
supply issues. And when they are supplying, there is a cost escalation. So, there is a benefit also 
indirectly. But that kind of like evens out. 
But so hence you find that we are in a very unique position where there is still growth. We still 
have the performance, but expenses and other things are going up. And we need to keep that 
in mind. 
I think what Mr. Modi – our Prime Minister said, along with even when you look at Singapore 
Prime Minister's viral video and Mr. Uday Kotak, it's not about being pessimistic. It's about 
being cautious and keeping our eye on the ball as to what is happening and preparing for that. 
And touch wood, I am very happy that hospitality in our case, the sector that we are in, I will 
talk in more detail about it in more but broadly, we find ourselves in a position where our 
existing hotels will continue to have, as per what we see, a good run or at least what we have 
been doing. I don't know about the growth, but I definitely know that even if we maintain what 
we are maintaining and focus on our tightening belt, that itself will still give a good result like 
we have seen in the last one year. And at the same time, new project executions would be 
challenging because of material supply availability today because of LPG. It's not only 
hospitality, but real estate and even simple office renovation, home renovation, any kind of 
utility for materials because of the tiles being a big challenge because LPG is required for tile 
manufacturing. So, you find that there is a lot of different push and pulls happening. But the 
good part is we are aware of it and we are ready to weather it. 
That said, there has still been a good demand, a very good demand for weddings. There has 
still been a very good movement of domestic MICE. And because Kamat is an Indian brand, a 
homegrown brand, a strong domestic brand, having majority domestic clients, we particularly 
have not been affected, which the results show, from the foreign disruptions, foreign travel. 
And Mumbai as a city being the primary gateway of India has had that advantage. And Navi 
Mumbai Airport opening also is a further boost on this whole theme whether it is from 
hospitality or business. So, Navi Mumbai and the way Navi Mumbai Airport is adding the 
additional international flights, at least Mumbai as a sector, Pune as a sector, seem to have a 
robust future with the increasing business. 
With this backdrop, we also know that overall, we have some upcoming projects which have 
got delayed, whether it is the Orchid Dehradun, Orchid Gwalior, the IRA by Orchid in 
Bhavnagar. But the good news is that IRA by Orchid Bhavnagar should open by June, though it 

was envisaged to be much later, thanks to the owners. Again, Orchid Nashik got delayed. So, 
Bhavnagar owners, they were able to do things much more expeditiously and fast. So, when 
we depend on the owner, that time these sudden delays happen. So, Bhavnagar IRA will open 
by June. 
And with that, let me just read a formal which our CFO who has moved on. So, based on that, 
a new CFO will come, which we can discuss on that later on. I will just read one of the main 
passages. 
It was basically, on a consolidated basis, revenue for the 4th Quarter stood at INR 110 crores, 
representing an increase of approximately 19% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter also was 
at INR 32 crores, improving the EBITDA margins to 29%, reflecting an expansion of 213 basis 
points year-on-year. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR 18 crores, representing a 59% 
year-on-year increase, while PAT margins stood at 16%. 
For the full year FY26, the consolidated revenue stood at INR 386 crores, reflecting an 8% 
growth. The EBITDA for the year stood at INR 97 crores with EBITDA margins of 25.1%, while 
the profit after tax stood at INR 39 crores, translating into a PAT margin of 10.1%. 
So, looking ahead, we are, like I mentioned, cautiously optimistic. We have to be very pragmatic 
in terms of the volume that we are looking at in terms of business, focusing more on our 
domestic line. After Prime Minister Modi's call on travel in India, I don't think many of the 
people in India have a choice because foreign allies are anyway cancelling and reducing the 
number of flights due to the higher fuel prices. 
Including domestic aviation companies also have reduced their foreign travel, like Air India has 
cancelled. So, while it will affect incoming, but post-corona, again let me remind everyone, 
Indian tourism influx of foreigners post-Corona was not very robust. It did not reach the pre-
Corona level. And hence a lot of our boom has been because of the robust internal economy. 
So, again this year, this holiday season, we find a lot of movement from within India and that's 
how many of our resorts are doing well, even after the 31st of March. So, I think that boosts 
many of the Indian operators, the Indian hoteliers, the Indian tour operators, many of them 
will have this advantage. 
With that, I will leave the floor open to the questions and answers. I have with me Mr. Nikhil 
Singh, our company secretary also. They have done a very good job in, basically, I must 
appreciate you and your team, Nikhil, for handling the things in the absence, and still getting 
everything done on time. 
So, thank you, everyone. And with that, I ask the moderator to open the floor. Thank you. 
Namaskar. 

Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question 
is from the Lion of Urmish Shah from Moneywisers. Please go ahead. Yes. 
Urmish Shah: 
Yes. So, my first question is on the ARR. I mean, if I see the YoY numbers for the quarter, then 
IRA and Fort Jadhavgadh both have seen a decline. If you could throw some light on that and 
also on the occupancy rate for both these properties. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Yes. So, occupancy, we have had a dip in Jadhavgadh last year. There were certain things, but 
this year we will definitely see much better figures for Fort Jadhavgadh in general. There were 
certain challenges which were there in the middle of the year because of which we did face. 
And that's why the second half was better than the first half. But there was a dip overall. So, 
this year we have changed certain strategies, changed certain things, and based on which there 
will be a much, much better performance in terms of the ADR and the occupancy and the 
overall business. There, especially in Jadhavgadh, when we do weddings, we do in terms of 
yield. So, this year there has been a different change in strategy. And that's how basically we 
will find that result. 
Urmish Shah: 
Could you elaborate a bit more on the strategy? Because I mean, I can understand IRA had a 
5% dip if I see the numbers, but Jadhavgadh had a 26% dip. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
So, IRA's dip is different and Fort Jadhavgadh's dip is different. IRA's dip is because, so basically 
what happens is when we add new hotels, and this is also a very good question you asked. Let 
me take it on the broader sense of the occupancy also dropped, which holistically as a company 
we have seen. That's because what happens is when you add new hotels, and since they have 
been under either Orchid brand or under IRA brand, the overall metrics becomes wider. The 
base becomes wider. For example, we have added a 45-room hotel, IRA by Orchid Porvorim. 
Now in the first few months, it took time for it to start, stabilize. It takes a lot of time for the 
SEO, which is the Search Engine Optimization, to get the algorithm and then the hotel to start 
popping up on the top. Then people when they start booking, that time on the OTA bookings 
also the algorithm starts playing. Today if Orchid Hotel comes in the top page, it's not because 
of only the money that you spend on ad or banner and all. That doesn't help a lot. What actually 
helps a lot is when you are popular due to clicks. The algorithm at the back end says, hey! this 
is a popular hotel, people are liking this hotel, let me promote this hotel. Because ultimately 
what does the agent want, the OTA want, makemytrip, Booking.com, they want more clicks 
through them. So, if they show popular hotels first, the probability of the clicks and the 
conversion is very high because of which the algorithm is set that way. So, when you start a 
new hotel, it takes time. Even if you are a good brand, it does not matter. It takes time for the 
algorithm to recognize you to be popular in that area. And then your thing comes up. So, today, 
touchwood, IRA by Orchid Porvorim is doing exceedingly well. But when it started off, the first 
three months, similarly, Orchid Rishikesh, our Orchid Rishivan, that also suffered the same 
challenge. That for the first few months, it struggled because the OTA, even though Orchid is 
popular everywhere else, in Rishikesh it did not know that this Orchid is popular. But now you 

find the traction happening through the OTA. You find the traction happening through the 
webpage. So, basically, this is where your overall ADR and overall occupancy fall because the 
base has changed. So, that's why basically, so when we talk about Orchid Mumbai as a 
standalone, there is a minor ADR based on the market circumstances. In fact, the occupancy 
also has a couple of percentages gone up. But when you talk Orchid as a brand, it shows that it 
has dropped because of the new additions of hotels. So, this is a continuing thing which will 
happen as new hotels will come. And as our Orchid, as our IRA, as our brand base becomes 
bigger, these new additions will not affect it so much. It will affect it in minor. So, even jumps 
will not seem extreme and even the drops will not be seen in an extreme or in a higher case. 
Urmish Shah: 
Okay. So, should we assume that our EBITDA and PAT also will, I wouldn't say suffer, but be on 
a lower range if this effect happens? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Now this has already happened. So, whatever PAT and whatever EBITDA you see now is based 
on already what I have explained. So, next year onwards, you will actually find the gain in the 
EBITDA and the gain in the PAT or not PAT, but let's say EBITDA. PAT being something else, but 
there is a gain in the EBITDA because the EBITDA will now improve as the hotels start 
performing. So, Orchid Rishivan in the first few months didn't have the kind of fraction. It did 
not have the kind of sale. Why? Because it takes time for a new hotel to get the weddings, get 
the other things, get its BOB up, get the things done. And because of which basically we took 
time. But after that, now weddings are coming. Now corporate movements are coming. Now 
FIT from various OTA channels are coming. Even our direct member base, our Orchid Reward 
Program people are going. Then word of mouth spreads. Local agents are there. So, this is how 
basically now Rishivan is on track. Similarly, Porvorim, when it started off. Today in Porvorim, 
we have some airlines also. Orchid is a preferred group for Indigo and for Akasa. We were for 
Air India. Now we get in Sporadic. But these are the airlines who support us across India. We 
have a tie-up with them across. Wherever there is an airport and we are near to it, we are a 
preferred choice because the way we handle the air hostesses, the girls. They feel happy. They 
feel taken care of. They feel a home away from home and that's how basically whether it's 
Bhubaneswar or whether it's Mumbai. So, coming back to the main point is that we basically 
will have a better EBITDA because now these hotels will perform since they opened last year. 
Some have opened four months back from the 31st of March. Some have opened three months 
back, four months back, six months back. So, they take time to perform like Chandigarh. You 
know Chandigarh last year did not perform to its expected because it opened in April and in 
May we had operations in June. So, four months Chandigarh suffered because the airport was 
in a hot zone unlike Mumbai and Delhi where at least there were some flights happening. There 
was attraction happening. But in Chandigarh and the entire belt, it was absolutely no aviation 
happening. So, people were stuck. They were going to other places and taking their flights. So, 
this is basically the difference which we will see this year in the additional improvement of 
EBITDA by these hotels performing. 
Urmish Shah: 
Right. So, one question more before I join back. On upcoming projects, especially the projects 
which were due to open in June and September and because of this LPG crisis and as you 

explained in your opening remarks as well because geopolitical uncertainties, we can't do 
much. So, are these on track or how do you see the landscape evolving? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
So, I definitely see that not only ours, anybody's projects will have some hiccups, and they will 
have to manage those hiccups because your availability of imported goods, your availability of 
within India also manufacturing, there are challenges. There are various issues happening. 
When you make a renovation, you might have the cement, not a problem. It's in India, it's 
available. You might have some other materials. But one or material might be there which is 
coming from abroad which as much as you need is not there. Suddenly you needed say 10,000 
square feet or 8,000 square feet, you are getting goods for 4,000 only. Now the architect has 
to go back, think what the alternative can be. These are practical problems we faced. I am 
sharing with you that these have been challenges we have faced that suddenly the availability, 
the timelines, all are going for a toss because you earlier were doing just-in-time method say 
about a year back when everything was hunky-dory and literally it was like today you order and 
get the delivery tomorrow. But now there is a gap. So, we have to manage it. Now the plus 
point is that it is the owner's headache. The negative point is that we are also bound with them 
and that we are losing opportunity. Today our Dehradun if it was ready, which should have 
been ready at least a year and a half back based on certain things that had to be done. If this 
hotel was ready, it would have been doing exceedingly well because the Dehradun market was 
very buoyant, extremely buoyant. By the time it actually comes, I do not know. We estimate it 
to come in September. By the time if it comes actually what will be the scenario, we don't 
know. So, our internal planning also goes for a toss. The only plus point is that the CAPEX 
burden of this, today if it was my own project, then that burden is not there. That my 
unnecessary interest payout is there, my team is spending, that is not a problem. But the real 
reason we got into this marriage is for opportunity, not for saving fictitious interest of my 
money, which is not the fact. 
Urmish Shah: 
Sure sir. Thank you for the elaborate answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Sir, good afternoon. A couple of questions on business and a couple on the financial side. One 
is the IRA Mumbai facility; I understand it has discontinued since April 1st. So, question is that 
what contribution it played both on top line and bottom line in FY26 and how are we planning 
to recover this loss on both the parameters. The second question, you did explain the 
occupancy challenges you are facing right now. And you also mentioned that in Fort 
Jadhavgadh, you actually had some more issues. Can you just put more color on that? And at 
29% occupancy, is it really breaking even or are we making losses? And whatever the strategies 
you are planning to kind of counter on that. My last question, the financial side is we have seen 
a compression of almost like 4% on EBITDA from FY25 to FY26. So, if you can just put us or help 
us with more color on that and are these increasing costs because of the Middle East crisis? If 
yes, then are they sustainable or are we going to see the impact in FY27 also? 

Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
So, let me start off with the easy one, Fort Jadhavgadh. In short answer, Fort Jadhavgadh 
basically we had some leadership change. We had some things over there done. And there was 
basically some strategy change which we have now this year. We have a tie-up with more 
vendors in terms of the weddings and all. Where earlier we had a tie-up with some limited 
vendors and that was not performing. So, actually Jadhavgadh is an emotionally very high 
product for us. We have a great affinity being very proud of what we have created over there, 
having a lot of emotions. But in terms of the financial context, definitely it is making money. 
And it has done very well in the past and this year in fact it will do exceedingly well more than 
previous year also. But the thing is that it's not a loss or that kind of what you mentioned and 
all that. And overall it is there in terms of this thing. And basically, we had to make some more 
changes in terms of how we are selling it. So, basically that is a major thing. We have done 
some improvements which did not go in this. See what happens is you have to keep tinkering. 
If you keep doing the same thing, you will get the same result. So, if you want an improvement, 
you have to do something new. So, each time like example, I will give you a practical example. 
When we changed our Orchid Hotel website, because our Orchid Hotel website was, while it 
was very good, but it was very functional looking. It was not aspirational looking. It was doing 
the job of what we were. But considering where we are going, the way Pune Orchid has been 
renovated, we have Fort Jadhavgadh, we have Orchid Rishivan, we have already Orchid 
Mumbai, we have beautiful more Orchid Passaros. Our Orchid Passaros initially did not do well 
for multiple months because it was a child-free resort. We were not taking people under the 
age of 15. And what was happening was that there was a resistance in the market. And 
ultimately what happened, once people realized that no, these guys are dead serious, they are 
sticking to their ethos, their value, that no, if I go with my wife, or if I go alone, whether a single 
man, single lady, as a single traveler, or if I am not going to be disturbed by children. Not that I 
have anything against them. But I don't want to go to a resort where, it's like if you are a 
vegetarian, you may not want to go to a non-vegetarian restaurant. It is your choice. It is your 
desire. This is my feeling. So, accordingly, when the market realized, it has done exceedingly 
well after that. So, this year we are getting a lot of advanced queries from such groups who are 
like that yes, it is our time, our children are studying abroad. Where are we going? Let's go to 
Orchid Passaros. So, all these kinds of products which are positioning themselves in a much 
different quadrant, is basically the aspiration. So, we changed our webpage. And what 
happened when we changed our webpage? Our business dropped drastically. Even though the 
website was beautiful. Why? Because the world doesn't work the way we think. The algorithm 
in Google suddenly said, this is something new. Why should I send this on the front page? So, 
we had to do a lot of again, spend money, bring SEO, do the marketing, again do the right 
linkages. It took us four months to bring our webpage back to a certain level. And touchwood 
again, the kind of volume that we are doing again, is back on track. So, we thought we are doing 
a very nice thing by changing the website. But what happened was the business fell. So, these 
things happen in our thing. But now, long term Orchid Hotel webpage will get its long-term 
benefit, which is already getting. Our business compared last year to this year has been more 
through our website. So, these are the kind of examples which are not worth for me to take for 
everyone's time for just one fort Jadhavgadh. Let me tell you the more important broader 

issues about like IRA Mumbai. So, IRA Mumbai was contributing top-line almost INR 50 CR. That 
INR 50 CR is now not going to be there. Because this is basically earlier a lease. So, the revenue 
was captured by us. But now, let me come to the EBITDA side. There was an EBITDA neutral. In 
fact, I would say a marginal, maybe INR 1 crore, INR 1.5 crore EBITDA draining because of the 
admin cost when you add. Because on a top line of INR 50 CR, it was doing a INR 20 CR almost 
EBITDA. Almost. Because of which the EBITDA will go up because of IRA not being there. So, 
you can say technically EBITDA positive by INR 1 crore, INR 1.5 crore and INR 2 crores at least. 
Yes, while emotionally we have lost our property, which we had already sold. So, it's not that 
it's something new. It was somebody else's. We were now managing it. And now that person 
has decided and rightfully, he is the owner. So, he has said, I will do something else or I will do 
whatever I want to do. According to that, we are peacefully vacated basically, the thing in terms 
of moving out from there in terms of giving our thing of 31st. So, in the financial impact, 50 
crore in the future will be down. EBITDA will go up by anywhere between INR 1 CR to INR 2 CR 
at least. At least. Okay. Secondly, coming to the financial side, 4%. This is a very pertinent point. 
I am glad you asked this because I was anyway going to take it up later on. One of the major 
costs, if you see, sir, has gone up is our labor cost. Our labor cost has gone up considerably. 
And for that, there is a very good reason we have. And I will break that reason and that will 
solve your problem of the issue on the short term and long term or permanent or non-
permanent. So, basically, what we see is there is an impact to our labor cost. And one of the 
major reasons is basically the annual salary revisions based on the new wage code. The new 
wage code impact which has happened, which I am sure you must have heard in many other 
Investor Calls also, that has basically played a significant impact. So, first and foremost, the 
wage code impact has been about INR 4 crore, which is there to stay. But what is not there to 
stay is approximately, you can say, INR 2 crore of impact in terms of payout from the closure 
of IRA. So, INR 2 crore of EBITDA, approximately again, INR 2 crore, broadly there is a figure, 
which basically is a one-month salary which we have paid to those who have not wanted to 
continue with us. We had offered everybody relocation opportunities based on where they are 
from. If they are from Garhwal, they could go to Rishivan. If they are from North, they could go 
to Noida or whatever. We had given an opportunity to whosoever wants to continue within 
the Kamat family or Kamat Khandan members, we had given them first choice. Many of them 
chose not to relocate because Mumbai has its own charm and they did not want to. So, there 
was a payout. Out of this, whosoever has continued in their service, there has been no payout. 
That has been regular. But there has been a gratuity payment of I think INR 50 lakhs, INR 55 
lakhs approximately. Between that has been the gratuity payment. There have been various 
other settlements. So, that INR 2 crore broad impact is a one-time impact which is there. Apart 
from this, the new hotels have also increased our payroll costs, which in the coming year will 
get absorbed in their holistic performance. For example, Chandigarh. We have almost INR 6 
crore impact of Chandigarh salary. But the last year did not perform. It only performed INR 14 
crore. But this year we expected to do INR 20 crore North. So, now the minute it does North of 
INR 20-22 crore, this salary impact will become as per the norms, which is basically that it 
should be roughly around anywhere between 20%-23%, 22%. We will target in that fashion, 
for example. So, then there is Hyderabad. Pre-opening expense was there and then the full 

year impact has not been. Same way, Orchid Rishivan. Orchid Rishivan also salary has added to 
our salary cost. So, primarily this wage bill of ours, our target is to bring this down by 
performance and by rationalization wherever required, as we don't fire anyone. Even in the 
case that we find that any automation we have done and people are redundant, as a company 
policy, as a Kamat Family Policy, we don't kick out anyone. We don't retrench anyone. We re-
issued them into some other role. Or we basically parallel move them into another role. So, 
this way basically we do. So, these are the main impacts of the financial. Some of these are 
here to stay but will get absorbed through performance. Some of them are here to stay because 
of the wage bill, which are not going. And then some are one-time impacts. Thank you. 
Pankaj: 
No, thank you, sir. I think fairly detailed clarification. Big thanks for that. Quick, one follow-up 
on IRA. You mentioned that there would be a drop by almost like INR 50 odd crores on top line. 
So, are we expecting a degrowth at least in terms of top line? You clarified that on EBITDA it 
will have a minimal impact. But we actually-- 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
 INR 50 crore you take it that this year we almost did INR 400 crores. We were down by only 
INR 20 lakh. Okay. On a total company level. Top line INR 50 crore you minus that and EBITDA 
you add at least INR 2 crore. 
Pankaj: 
So, effectively you are saying that in FY27 we might see even a degrowth at least in terms of 
top line if not in terms of bottom line. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Absolutely, sir. We will have. But then other properties will fill into this gap. Okay. Whatever 
expansions we are doing, whatever the current hotels which have not performed fully last year 
will perform this year. So, we will find accordingly a replacement in that sense. But yes. That 
INR 50 crores or whatever calculation you can take. 
Pankaj: 
Okay, sir. Last question, sir. In Jadhavgadh Fort Is there a target occupancy you are planning 
for this FY27? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Let's give other a chance. Let's come back, sir, if you don't mind, Pankaj ji. 
Pankaj: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Guneet Singh from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Guneet Singh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for this opportunity. So, firstly, I would like to understand the other income 
of INR 10 crores in the P&L and also why I our finance cost increase to INR 10 CR whereas our 
total borrowings have gone down to I think about INR 107 CR. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
So, one is the other incomes are basically we have a lot of miscellaneous incomes also. We 
have rental income. We have other income from cross basically interest from our companies 
given to each other. Then there are miscellaneous incomes which don't fall in the bracket of 

our core operational income. That is basically it. For example, in our corporate office, KHIL 
House, we have office space which is given on rent. A few crores come from that. Then we have 
various other locations also which we have as part of the company from where you get 
miscellaneous income, rental income, other things. So, it's basically that, sir. It's mainly and 
then there is a fair amount of portion on that which is interest, which basically if the company 
has given, for example, one of the loans which was given at that time was to a company which 
is a sister concern is Ilex. Ilex was having a loan of INR 5 crore but Ilex has done exceedingly 
well. It has paid off that loan to KHIL and it has paid interest also. So, the interest portion would 
have come in other income and that INR 5 crore loan which Ilex has taken that it has paid back 
to KHIL. KHIL is going to utilize that in an FD for future contingency, for future. That's why 
basically our Kamat Hotel's cash balance has been very robust and gone up. So, we have a good 
cash, very good cash in hand, particularly for contingencies such as Corona or Ukraine war or 
Iran war and all these kind of things that keep happening every six months. 
Guneet Singh: 
Can you give a breakdown of the other income because INR 10 CR, INR 5 CR, the one-time loan. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
I will do one thing, sir. Nikhil, note it down. I will send you the detailed breakdown of that in 
that fashion. 
Guneet Singh: 
And what about the finance cost? INR 10 CR seems to be a bit high. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Let me get back to you on this. Let me just get back to you on this, sir. Please go ahead. 
Guneet Singh: 
So, my next question is regarding the outlook for the coming year. So, if we look at the ARR 
that has been falling across all our verticals, whether it's Orchid, Toyam or IRA. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Sir, I already answered this question. Sir, I answered this question before. I will just repeat in 
very short. Because new hotels have come and the base has become bigger, occupancy and 
ARR has fallen. 
Guneet Singh: 
I will just continue my question. So, my question is that since new hotels are coming up, like 
you mentioned, which all properties do you think which did not mature in FY26 and you expect 
significant growth in FY27 if you can mention the properties? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
All the properties which have been opened will mature this year. All. Whether it's Panchgani, 
whether it's Rishivan, whether it is all. All of them. Because you require a stabilization time. 
That pain has been taken last year. So, this year will be the gain. It is for all. Sambhaji Nagar 
when it opened, it was in loss. Today, Sambhaji Nagar is in profit. Sambhaji Nagar has now 
stabilized because it is the second year running. Whatever pain had to happen, it happened in 
its first year. And that's why it is now doing exceedingly well. So, it happens for all the hotels. 
So, you take it for all the hotels that this year will be better where there will be EBITDA 
contributing rather than being negative in terms of their pre-opening costs and others 
becoming EBITDA negative. 

Guneet Singh: 
Got it. So, basically this IRA Mumbai is going out of the picture. So, even if we exclude the 
revenue of IRA Mumbai from our top line, it comes to about INR 330-340 CR currently. So, what 
kind of growth do we expect in FY27 if you would like to give a number in terms of top line? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
I would not like to speculate anything right now. Considering various things, I would not like to 
speculate on any or give any guidance or give any kind of input on that point. Let's give 
someone else a point now. 
Guneet Singh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sagar Tanna from Alchemy Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Hi Vishal. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Hello Mr. Tanna, how are you sir? 
Sagar Tanna: 
All well. Thank you. Can you quantify how many keys did we open in FY26? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Yes. One second. So, we opened approximately, let me just take out that. What is the next 
question, sir while I get the details on this one? 
Sagar Tanna: 
Okay. If you can quantify how much was the EBITDA drag from the newer properties? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Approximately 250-260 keys were added. This is my grossing in case if I missed out any hotel, 
but 260 keys we added. That is what we added. And what is the EBITDA drag? The EBITDA drag 
actually would be, if see now, there are two ways to look at it. One is basically that these are 
the sunk cost and one is the operating cost. Broadly if I have to say that, I would say that you 
can take INR 10 crore broadly as the drag in terms of if I was to say this is the labor cost, this is 
the deployment cost, this is the various other expenses. But out of this, INR 6 crores net-net 
will come back into circulation through the routine operations. So, they will get absorbed as 
part of our GOP. The thumb rule which we say that if a hotel is doing INR 100 rupees, then the 
thumb rule is that it will do a GOP of 35% suppose. So, those expenses will come in next year 
in that 65%. So, pre-opening cost was a burden before, but then it becomes part of your 
operations. So, that is how the EBITDA will improve. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. And how many keys do we think we will be able to operationalize in FY27? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
This year we should be looking at operating additionally opening at least 150 to 200 keys. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 

Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
I am being very modest based on what I see right now in hand, not for the full year. I am 
assuming based on only what I have in hand. So, the entire year is left for us to look at our 
signups. The entire this thing further is basically there. So, this is only what we see as of now. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. Thank you, sir. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranit Kapoor from Investire Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, I wanted to know that since you said that you have retained 
your employees for IRA Orchid Mumbai so what will be the additional burden due to this 
employee cost for that? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Sir, there is no additional burden because wherever the vacancies were there, we opened 
those vacancies for first come first serve basis to our employees of IRA. So, they have been 
absorbed in the hotels where there was a vacancy. So, it has not been a forced employment. It 
has been voluntary where they have said that these are the opportunities. Who would like to 
take it where? And based on that, they have either taken the opportunities or they have moved 
on. So, the impact, the people who have moved to our various hotels is that they are absorbed 
in that payroll. The impact of those who have moved out of our system by taking another job, 
by resigning, there we have paid them their existing salary and a month's pay. So, when it 
closed on 31st of March, they obviously got their salary of 31st of March and then they have 
been paid one month notice period and whatever additional as per government norms the 
dues are there, gratuity, PF, their salary, any other additional whatever is there and because 
see we want these people back. It's not their fault that IRA has to close. So, we want their 
goodwill and we want that whenever needed some of them join us back. In fact, some who left 
us have rejoined us when the vacancies have opened in our various hotels. One has gone to 
Panchgani, one has joined in Orchid Mumbai, one has joined, so basically the point is that they 
have the affection. It's just that since we don't have the space, they have gone somewhere else 
and then they can join back to Kamat whenever the opportunity arises. So, there has been no 
financial impact beyond our routine payments which are supposed to be done as per the law 
and as per what is right to them. And there is nothing as an extra burden on our payroll 
currently. 
Runit Kapoor: 
Okay, and secondly, are we looking at any large hotel to overcome this loss of revenue? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
100%. We are definitely looking at, one, is that the current new openings and the old hotels 
we have partially opened, this year will give their full performance. So, they will fill this hole. 
Apart from that, some new hotel openings which are going to happen, they should also fill this 
hole. And then some tie-ups which are going to happen, which at the appropriate time will be 
announced, we will add to take it up further beyond that. 

Runit Kapoor: 
Okay, and my last question is regarding this Ilex developers. I think IRA Orchid Bhubaneshwar 
the company has only around the 32% stake in this. So, are we trying to convert it into the 
100% stake, those balances by the promoters only? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Correct. As of now, sir, currently there is no plan. As and when there is, we will inform 
everybody. 
Runit Kapoor: 
That's it also. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Pandya from Lancers Impex. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjeev Pandya: 
Sir, you talked about income from your surplus assets. It seems to be rather a large number, 
about INR 10 crores. So, on the one hand, you seem to be exercised about the excess assets 
that you are holding. Now from a debt reduction perspective, we know that a general rule in 
the market, especially for a company coming out of restructuring, is that for every rupee of 
debt that you pay, it translates into Rs. 2 to Rs. 3 of market cap that you get as the risk 
perception on the company starts to go down. So, I also heard you say that you are now 
carrying excess cash. So, what would be the return on that excess cash, given that your interest 
rate is a little higher than average? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
So, sir, our current interest rate from Axis Finance is at 9.75%. And we have INR 86 CR as our 
total company loan. And we have cash in hand, approximately, between INR 35 CR and INR 40 
CR. I think it's around INR 40 CR. And our EBITDA is INR 110 crores. And our EBITDA is INR 110 
CR. So, we have come out of our problems, sir, thanks to our investors at that time, thanks to 
people who funded us in 2022. So, there is now particularly no company stress and we don't 
intend to do anything which will unnecessarily create that repeat telecast of the past. We have 
learnt our lessons, we have done the needful. So, I think financially we are quite comfortable 
in terms of fulfilling our obligations to our lenders. And we are okay, sir, in that regard. And still 
expanding. And whatever, by the way, expansions we are doing, we are doing from internal 
accrual using our EBITDA. So, the cash which is there, which is generated, is helping us enhance 
our properties or do the expansion or whatever the things are there. 
Sanjeev Pandya: 
But it is not going to be used to prepay any debt? 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
Sir, there is no point in me prepaying INR 86 CR. with this INR 40 CR and bring it down to INR 
46 CR. Because I would rather have contingency in my hand, which is basically the thing. Now, 
one of the things, sir, I would like to explain, because you asked about this INR 10 crore which 
is there. One of the things also is that this INR 10 crore has income tax refund, which is 
approximately INR 3 crore worth of income tax refund, which is there, rent is there. So, like I 
said, miscellaneous income, sir, which is there, are in this, which you asked, that INR 10 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen please press “*” and “1” now. 

Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
I think if there are no further questions, we can end the conference. And by the way, if anybody 
still does have and does not want to ask on this forum, we have always been more than 
welcome to have you reach out to me or Mr. Nikhil. Oh! yes, and one thing I would like to 
mention for everybody, I am very, very glad to inform everyone, as you may have read on the 
Stock Exchange, or if you have not, that we have Mr. Milind Wadekar joining us as our CFO. 
Mr. Milind Wadekar is a very seasoned industry professional. He has been a part of Chalet 
Hotels for 15 years. He was the CFO of Chalet from which after he moved to Ventive. Chalet 
being one of the largest listed companies, Ventive also is in the top, if I am mistaken, or top 5, 
top 8 in terms of market cap. And the main important thing is that we are getting a person 
whose ethos matches. He is thoroughbred from the industry. He was earlier the CFO of Leela 
also, earlier before moving to Chalet. So, he knows our industry. And we are going to be having 
a person who will be able to present Kamat better, guide Kamat better. He is already a person 
who is known in the market and is seen to be cost-conscious. So, this year, particularly our 
EBITDA enhancement in terms of improved processes, improved systems. So, we are very lucky 
that we are getting a gentleman from such a staunch background, a stalwart from the industry, 
joining Kamat. And if he's joining Kamat at the stage at which we are, it's because he also sees 
that where Kamat wishes to go and how he can be an integral part of this journey in the future. 
So, I think this is something which I would definitely like to have all our listeners note and 
appreciate. And if there is anything about this, they can reach out to Mr. Nikhil. They can reach 
out to me. So, I look forward to working extensively, closely with Mr. Milind. And I am sure all 
of you will find him also, because he's already doing a lot of investor relations and investor 
meets and outreach for Ventive. So, he will, in fact, wherever we lack, he will guide us to 
improve and become better. So, I think that's something I look forward to. So, this is something 
I did want to mention. I forgot to mention it before. So, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Management for the closing comments. 
Vishal Vithal Kamat: 
So, thank you, everyone. I really appreciate the questions. The questions this time were much, 
much more different. They were more interesting in terms of a much wider. And the thing I 
think, if there's still, I would like to repeat that if still anyone has any questions, doubts, queries, 
please don't hesitate to reach out to Mr. Nikhil or to me. We are more than welcome to answer. 
Many of you all do tend to come and meet us off and on and it's not only about Kamat. We are 
here in general also. We know that if our sector thrives, we thrive. Only we thriving will not be 
the thing. So, if you have in general also any particular thing, we are open to giving our 
perspective on whatever it would be. So, thank you, everybody. I appreciate the high 
attendance that we regularly get. And I appreciate all of you taking this one-hour time out. 
Namaskar. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kamat Hotels India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
