Corporate Office: 5th Floor, Lotus Tower, A- Block, 
Community Centre, New Friends Colony,             
New Delhi- 110025 
Tel.: 011-66561234 
E-mail : hmvlinvestor@livehindustan.com 
Website: www.hmvl.in 
CIN : L21090BR1918PLC000013 
 
 
Tel: 0612-2223434, 2223413 
   
            03rd June, 2026 
  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
  Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
  Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
  Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
  Mumbai - 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533217 
 
       Trading Symbol: HMVL  
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors on the Audited Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 31st March, 2026 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Friday, 29th May, 
2026 in respect of the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended on 
31st March, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the Call is also available on the Company’s website at:  
 
https://www.hmvl.in/earnings-call-transcript-audio.html 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Media Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Nikhil Sethi) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Hindustan Media 
Ventures Limited 
Registered Omce: 
Budh Marg, Patna - 80000 I 
fa ~efl I cii 
Nikhil 
Sethi
Digitally signed 
by Nikhil Sethi 
Date: 
2026.06.03 
14:53:07 +05'30'

   May 29, 2026 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HT Media Group  
Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Piyush Gupta: Group CFO – HT Media Group  
 
Mr. Pervez Bajan: Head Financial Controllership & Taxation – HT Media Group 
 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
2 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is Aaditya Mulani 
from the HT Media Group. I would like to welcome you all to our 
Q4 and full financial year FY2025-26 earnings webinar.  
 As a reminder, all the participants will be in ‘listen only’ mode. 
After we are through with the presentation, there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions.  
Joining me on today's call are Mr. Piyush Gupta – Group CFO, 
Mr. Pervez Bajan – Head Financial Controllership & Taxation, 
and members of our Investor Relations team. 
We hope you have had an opportunity to review the financial 
results of Hindustan Media Ventures Limited announced 
yesterday as well as those of HT Media Limited released earlier 
this afternoon.  
Please note that our discussion today will follow the presentation 
slides, which along with the financial statements, are available 
on the stock exchanges and in the Investor Relations section of 
our respective websites.  
Moving on to slide 2. This slide includes our standard disclaimer 
regarding forward-looking statements. As per usual practice, we 
do not provide specific guidance on revenue or earnings 
projections. 
On to the next slide. This slide features comments from our 
Chairperson on the Company's performance and I quote: 
“The fourth quarter of 2025-26 and the full year marked a period 
of decisive transformation for your Company, one characterised 
by meaningful improvement in profitability, even as consolidated 
revenue remained broadly stable on an annual basis. 
Our Print business performed well, both for the quarter and the 
full year. Advertising-led revenue growth, across our English and 
Hindi mastheads, translated into higher profitability. In the near 
term though, rising newsprint costs, amplified by a weakening 
rupee and the prevailing global environment of supply chain 
disruptions, trade policy uncertainty and geopolitical volatility, 
remains a concern that we are managing with cost discipline. 
The Radio business faced a tough year with revenue declining 
on a full year basis. Business was impacted by a high base from 
prior year’s event-led revenue, and was compounded by larger 
industry-wide issues. As part of the ongoing streamlining of our 
Radio business, your Company has surrendered non-viable 
licenses, sharpening the network footprint and improving 
business profitability. 
In Digital, our results reflect a deliberate and value-accretive 
reset. The discontinuation of ‘OTTplay’ business is in line with 
our focus on profitable growth. 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
3 
 
As always, your trust powers our journey. We remain 
unwavering in our commitment to trusted journalism, quality 
content for our diverse audiences and sustainable long-term 
value for our shareholders.” 
Today's agenda will begin with the performance update focusing 
on the consolidated financial results for the fourth quarter and 
full financial year. This will be followed by an overview of our 
Print, Radio and Digital business segments. After which, we will 
open the floor for a Q&A session. 
With this, I now hand over to Mr. Piyush Gupta for the main 
presentation. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you, Aaditya. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and 
welcome to our earnings call for FY26, fourth quarter and the 
full year results. We'll be tracking the webinar on your screens.  
If we look at the consolidated financial summary, total revenue 
remained stable for the full year, however, margin expanded on 
a y-o-y basis, both for the quarter and for the year. Cash position 
stays robust.  
Diving a little bit into the numbers for the fourth quarter, if you 
see the total revenue came in at INR 558 crore, which is down 
2%. EBITDA at INR 131 crore, which is up 5%. Margins 
expanded by 100-basis points to 23%. PAT came at INR 96 
crore with a PAT margin at 17%. 
 
On a full year basis, it was flat revenue, with EBITDA at INR 298 
crore an 8% growth. If you look at EBITDA margin, again a  
100-basis point improvement, and PAT came at INR 153 crore 
at a margin of 8%, and our net cash position remains robust, 
north of INR 1,000 crore. 
Now diving into business unit performance. For Print, as you can 
see, advertising revenues have remained strong for the quarter 
and full year, led by yield improvement. Circulation revenues 
have held steady with an uptick in the quarter, primarily from 
higher copies, also healthy margin expansion seen for the 
segment. A bit into the numbers for the quarter, advertising 
revenue growth of 10% at INR 313 crore, circulation revenue 
growth of 4% at INR 51 crore, operating revenue at INR 427 
crore and operating EBITDA coming at INR 97 crore with a 23% 
margin. 
For the full year, advertising revenue at INR 1,148 crore, which 
is an 8% growth. Circulation revenue nearly flat, operating 
revenue at INR 1,500 crore, which is an 8% increase and 
operating EBITDA came at INR 208 crore with a margin of 14%.  
Diving into Print English, advertising revenue for the quarter 
came in at INR 172 crore, which is a y-o-y growth of 9%. And on 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
4 
 
a full year basis at INR 644 crore with a growth of 8%. 
Circulation revenue, on a quarterly basis, grew by 13% to INR 
13 crore and on a full year basis to INR 53 crore at a marginal 
decline of 5%. 
Coming into Print Hindi, advertising revenue grew by 12% for 
the quarter at INR 142 crore and for the full year to INR 504 
crore at a growth of 8%. Circulation revenue virtually flat at INR 
38 crore in the quarter, also for full year at INR 155 crore.  
A quick look at Radio. The segment revenue declined on 
account of high events-led revenue which is there sitting in the 
base. Business continues to be under pressure with subdued 
margins. Diving into the quarterly numbers, operating revenue 
came at INR 43 crore with operating EBITDA at a negative INR 
7 crore. And on a full year basis, the revenue came at INR 140 
crore with operating EBITDA of negative INR 22 crore. 
Finally, looking at Digital, which is primarily Shine and Mosaic. 
Segment revenues restated for continued operations held 
steady for both the quarter and the full year with a slight dip in 
margins. For the quarter, it is a flat operating revenue of INR 39 
crore with operating EBITDA at a negative INR 2 crore. On a full 
year basis, operating revenue again flat at INR 155 crore and 
operating EBITDA at negative INR 8 crore with a 5% negative 
margin.  
With that, we come to the end of the presentation.  
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you Piyush.  
We will now begin the Q&A session. You can click on the “Raise 
Hand” option, which will enable the moderator to unmute you for 
posing your query. Please introduce yourself before posing your 
query and kindly restrict to a maximum of 2-3 questions per 
participant, so that we may be able to address questions from 
all participants.  
Also as is the ambit of this call, please be mindful to pose 
questions pertaining to the listed entity, HT Media Limited and 
those within its consolidated structure. 
We will wait for a few moments while the question queue 
assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Yash R. Please introduce 
yourself and ask your question. 
 
Yash R.:  
Hi, good afternoon. The number seems decent, especially the 
ad revenues. So, congratulations on that on the first front. Now 
we've grown by around 12% odd in HMVL and 9% odd… 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
5 
 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yash, can you repeat the question, the voice just got garbled up. 
Can you be a little slow and repeat the question, please? 
 
Yash R.:  
Sorry, I'll be a little louder. Is it better? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Much better, thank you. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay, yes, sure. So, ad revenues have grown in English and 
Hindi as well by almost, I would say, double-digit in English, 9%. 
So, are these on the back of volumes or have you increased any 
pricing? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
So, the simple answer is, the lever for the growth in revenue is 
primarily yields, volumes have been by and large flat, which 
have tracked the industry. So, it's basically pricing. Now we'll 
have to see how much of that is structural, there is a big effort 
that we are doing on pricing which has flown into the results in 
this quarter. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. And this is across both Hindi and English or is it only for 
English? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Across.  
 
Yash R.:  
Okay. And there seems to be a tremendous growth in the other 
operating income in both, what's that on the back of? Because I 
believe that in HMVL the operating income has grown almost 
100%. I mean, by my calculation, it's around INR 32 crore, and 
it was practically half last year in the same quarter. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
As you know, in our AFE business, we've got these contracts 
with counterparties, and there is a certain contractual revenue, 
which has to come in a specified period of time. If that doesn't 
happen, that amount stands forfeited. So, that is on account of 
forfeiture. 
 
Yash R.: 
Okay. And what about the circulation revenue, I mean it has 
been mentioned that there has been an improvement in the 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
6 
 
English part. So, is that copy again or is that on the back of the 
prices? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, overall circulation revenue is plus 4% between English and 
Hindi. I would say realization per copy is slightly flat here and 
there, but there's not a huge amount of variance in circulation 
revenue. Overall, PO is slightly up. We've been trying to go for 
a certain copy share market by market, not carte blanche, 
number of copies definitely have a role to play. But I don't think 
it's a very substantial amount. It's just we want to retain a certain 
level of copy share in our key markets. 
 
Yash R.:  
In the presentation, the English circulation revenue says 13%, 
so I was just wondering. And I know there's a comment that says 
that it is on the back of increase in circulation. So, I just wanted 
to clarify whether that's on the back of pricing or the copies that 
have gone up?  
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Primarily copies. 
 
Yash R.:  
Okay, that’s good news. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, a reminder to all participants 
that you may use the “Raise Hand” option on your screen, if you 
wish to ask a question. 
The next question is from the line of Rohan Agarwal. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Hi, Piyush. This is Rohan Agarwal from Wave Asset, PMS. I just 
had a couple of questions. One, could you give us a little more 
colour on your decision to discontinue the OTTplay division as 
in what led to that decision? And what would now be your future 
growth levers given that you shut off that Digital division? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. I think that's a great question, Rohan. If you just go back to 
the last three or four earnings calls, we've been maintaining that 
there are quite a few levers that we are trying to turn in OTTplay, 
but there's a finality to everything, and we've given ourselves a 
certain time; and if in that, we can make the unit economics and 
the entire P&L work, we will double down, else we will take 
appropriate decisions. So obviously, we've been trying multiple 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
7 
 
things, on the content strategy, on the acquisition strategy, on 
the retaining strategy of various subscribers and so on and so 
forth. 
  
However, in spite of our best effort, the space became 
increasingly challenging, especially since all the big telcos also 
have a significant presence. Though I must also caveat that we 
had already segmented our markets not as Tier 1, but Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 towns, thereby, we were using a different distribution 
channel to propagate our product. But having done all that, the 
whole proposition didn’t work. Therefore, we've decided to call 
it quits on OTTplay. And we've been leading the investors 
towards this direction for the last three or four quarters. 
  
Now the second part of your question is the future growth 
drivers. I think that's a great question. Though it's not 
consolidated here, but from a Group perspective, we've always 
been saying that if digital is the future, we obviously are 
prioritizing our investments behind our Digital business. So 
Digital business is something that we will obviously prioritize but 
please remember the core of our business for the time being is 
our core Print business as your predecessor asked about 
circulation numbers. 
 
We have been investing in copies for getting a certain copy 
share, and we will keep on doing that, which have been financed 
by a very handsome yield improvement. So, we will keep on 
investing behind the core but a lot of investment will also go 
behind the businesses of tomorrow primarily Digital businesses. 
I hope I answered your question, Rohan. 
 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Sure, Piyush, thanks. I also had another question. So, I'm just 
trying to figure out another growth driver for the Company. In the 
previous question, you were talking about AFE. So, I just wanted 
to know what's the Company's policy when it comes to 
monetizing the AFE assets, does the Company actively look for 
secondary transactions to monetize them or on exit events? So, 
if you could give us some more detail on that, that would be 
great.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
The simple answer is yes. We are not holding these assets for 
the very long term. Of course, it doesn't mean that we will flip 
the assets within months. But at the earliest opportunity, when 
we think we can maximize the value for the organization, we will 
sell these assets. 
 
If you look at our track record over the last four, five years, I think 
we've managed to do this activity pretty successfully and with 
the AFE portfolio that we have right now, which has all maturities 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
8 
 
of assets, fully matured assets, semi-matured assets and of 
course, assets which are under-baked at this point in time. We 
keep on looking at a portfolio strategy to maximize the cashflow. 
  
And the Company's policy is very clear. We have to maximize 
value but we are not desperate sellers. We've got a reasonable 
portfolio and we'll be active sellers in the market. As much effort 
we make in striking new deals and getting new asset acquisition, 
that's the same effort which goes behind divestiture of these 
assets as well. 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Got it. And just to clarify, whenever you buy any AFE assets, it's 
always noncash transaction, right? You're never paying for 
acquiring any of the AFE assets other than with ad space, right?  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
You're right, Rohan.  
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
Ok, great. Thanks for your answers, appreciate it.  
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is again from the line of Yash R. 
Please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Yash R.:  
Now I was seeing the HMVL results, and there seems to be 
some number changes in the previous year segment revenue 
by around INR 6 crore. I'll just elucidate. Last year, we had 
reported a number of around INR 673 crore for the segment 
revenue of Print Publishing Newspapers and Periodicals. But 
when I'm looking at the results, now let's say INR 667.23 crore 
and I believe the PBIT of the results i.e. profitability has gone 
down an equal amount. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Can I request my colleague, Pervez to answer that question? 
Pervez, would you like to? 
 
 Pervez Bajan: 
Yes. Yash, this is because of intersegment revenue where 
OTTplay had advertised in the print newspaper, because 
OTTplay went into discontinued operations, this was the correct 
thing to do as per accounting standards. 
 
Yash R.:  
So, we've written that off?  
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
9 
 
Pervez Bajan: 
Yes. 
 
Yash R.:  
Okay, alright. Thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranga Prasad. 
Please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Good afternoon, everyone. At the outset, I would like to say that 
I'm quite relieved that the Company has finally decided to scale 
down or shut down its unviable businesses in the form of 
surrendering Radio licenses and getting out of the OTTplay 
business. During the past few years, our Company has incurred 
huge losses due to these unviable businesses. I find that just in 
this last one year, our Company has shown an exceptional loss 
from continuing operations of INR 114 crore and a loss from 
discontinued operations of INR 101 crore, totalling INR 215 
crore loss. I'm glad that management has finally taken steps to 
stem these losses, better late than never.  
 
Now going forward in the coming few quarters, what can we 
expect? Can we expect any further exceptional losses due to 
the surrendering of Radio licenses or reshaping our Radio 
business? And two, can we expect any further losses on 
account of shutting down the OTTplay business? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Okay. Great questions. Yes, Ranga have you got something 
further? 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Yes, just a clarification. I would like you to clarify or throw some 
light on two issues. One is, why has the other income dropped 
by about INR 50 crore from INR 218 crore in FY2025 to INR 168 
crore in FY2026? And second is, what's the rationale for HMVL 
making an investment of INR 22 crore in a seemingly unrelated 
business, a business which has shown close to nil revenue 
though it has been in business for over eight years. I'm referring 
to the investment in Assetvault Limited. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Okay. So, three questions that I have taken. Ranga. First of all, 
thank you very much for those kind words. Yes, of course, those 
exceptional losses and discontinued operations are big 
numbers, and we totally take your point on board. I have 
basically taken down three questions, and correct me if I'm 
wrong, one you're asking about the go-forward strategy. 
Second, you've asked for a clarification on other income. And 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
10 
 
third is on this Assetvault, which is the investment that you've 
asked. Am I right? 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Yes, that's correct. Primarily concerned that are we going to take 
some additional losses on account of the closed businesses in 
future that we should know about? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Okay. So last question, let me answer first. Are we going to take 
any further closure losses on discontinued operations or 
exceptional losses? The simple answer is no. But even if you 
break down the exceptional items in this year, one of the big 
items which is sitting is consequent to the new labour codes, 
which are announced by the Government of India. That, of 
course, if anything of statutory nature does come that obviously 
will impact the financials. But from the business side, I can 
absolutely tell you that we have kind of looked at the entire 
portfolio of businesses, and we've cleaned up as much as 
possible. 
  
Just to give you a sense, OTTplay, I think I've already explained, 
so you've heard me. On Radio, we did an entire portfolio review 
where all the five loss-making frequencies now and one loss-
making frequency earlier totalling to six loss-making frequencies 
- those are the frequencies that we've surrendered back to the 
Government of India. All existing frequencies are profitable 
frequencies and obviously our intent is to increase the 
profitability as we go forward. 
  
Now, however, as I explained in the webinar, Radio as a sector 
is under a lot of pressure, but we will keep on reviewing this on 
a very close basis. But right now, all the frequencies or all the 
stations which were not turning in a profit, we've already 
surrendered those frequencies. 
  
Going forward, if I just have to marry the thought, our 
investments will go a lot into the core business, which you've 
seen have gone into the circulation and copies in this quarter 
and some part of the investments will go in our Digital business, 
not the Digital segment of consolidated HT Media Ltd., but 
Digicontent Ltd. also where we are prioritizing some 
investments. So that's the part on both going forward and would 
we, kind of, have any more exceptional losses. 
  
Now coming to other income, it is interest income, we have got 
a substantial treasury which is sitting there. The interest income 
has obviously, if you have tracked the yield curves, yield curves 
are at a record high. The 10Y, is close to about 7% and so on 
and so forth. So, there are quite a few mark-to-market losses 
that have impacted us as on 31st March. This is patient capital, 
right. 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
11 
 
  
We don't have to withdraw this capital like tomorrow. So, we will 
tide out the curve. We are very hopeful that the yield curves will 
stabilize and these will come back. That is what is impacting 
other income to the extent of INR 50 crore in the full year. Of 
course, there are various other small reasons, but that's the 
chunk of the reason which is happening there.  
On Assetvault, you are right, the revenue is pretty small at this 
point in time. But as explained earlier, it's again an AFE 
investment. It's not a cash investment, it is our AFE investment, 
and there are certain marketing plans that, that company has for 
the market of India, where we would like to give our marketing 
properties and partner with them in the hope that the asset will 
become profitable. So, there's no cash invested. That's 
Assetvault where the brand name is AasaanWill.  
I hope I've answered your questions. 
 
Ranga Prasad:  
Yes. Thank you very much. I'm quite relieved with the decisions 
being taken. And I'm hoping to see the Company returned to 
good profitability in the coming two quarters. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Thank you Ranga, for the kind words. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
The next question is from the line of Raman KV. Please 
introduce yourself and ask your question. 
 
Raman KV:  
I'm Raman from Sequent Investment. So, I have a few 
questions. Sorry, I joined the call a little late. Can you just 
provide me the current yields with respect to circulation like how 
q-o-q and y-o-y improvement in the yield figures are? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, we can't, because this is a competitive information. You 
are talking about circulation yields, right? Circulation yields, I 
would just broadly say have been flat y-o-y. The copies have 
increased because we are going after copy share. But I can't 
give you that specific number. I have a blended number, but that 
number should be seen market by market. I can broadly tell you 
that competitive forces are different in different markets, and we 
try to benchmark our realization for copies on a market-to-
market perspective. 
 
Raman KV:  
So, if my understanding is right, your realization of copies has 
increased during the quarter, you mean to say that? 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
12 
 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
It has, but marginally because the constraint there will be 
competition. But you are right our realization per copy has 
increased. 
 
Raman KV:  
And Sir, if you can give a ballpark figure with respect to gaining 
market share in the copy segment, have you gained the market 
share during the quarter? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
We call it copy share because this is on copies. Yes, on a few 
markets, we have increased our copy share, which is part of our 
conscious strategy and we plan to keep it like that. But you have 
to understand that if you go after copy share, there are certain 
short-term trade-offs that you have to do for long-term gain, 
which we are doing on a market-to-market basis. But broadly, 
our copy share has gone up marginally. 
 
Raman KV:  
So, the growth in EBITDA with respect to the Printing division, is 
it because the advertisement realization has increased? Or is it 
because on the back of circulation yield improvement? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
No, the first one, advertising yields. Because you joined the call 
slightly later, I was explaining to one of the earlier participants, 
ad. rates or ad. yields is what we call them, have increased 
substantially. As you know of course, it's a full algorithm, you put 
in certain copies, you recruit new readers, you give a certain 
value proposition to advertisers and you try to have certain level 
of AFE deals where the new guys can come on board who 
hitherto would not be advertisers and so on and so forth. And 
then you demand a certain pricing on your advertisement and 
that has played out very beautifully in this quarter, so it's ad. 
rates. 
 
Raman KV:  
And are these current ad. yields sustainable for the coming year 
as well? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Well, to an extent, yes, but I won't do a carte blanche on that 
because there's an immediate reaction, which always comes 
from the competition. But our hope & prayer and even the plan 
that we have set out for ourselves – though we don't give 
forward guidance – is to keep our deals at a certain level and 
above not below. 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
13 
 
 
Raman KV:  
Okay, Sir. And Sir, my last question is with respect to your 
discontinued business. How much are you planning to expect 
once you completely discontinue your OTTplay business? Are 
you expecting any inflow of cash into the Company? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
What do you mean by that?  
 
Raman KV:  
Are you planning to sell off the existing OTTplay brand or 
distribution, which you have built to someone else? I just want 
to understand how are you planning to discontinue? 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Yes, Raman, we've had those strategic conversations with a lot 
of potential partners and suitors. Unfortunately, nothing has 
worked out. So, at this point in time, we've decided to shut down 
the business. And this was not a capital-heavy business, so 
there is no residual value. So, we tried all those things, but right 
now, it's not making sense. 
 
Raman KV:  
Ok, thank you Sir, thank you. 
 
Aaditya Mulani:  
Thank you. The next question is again from the line of Rohan 
Agarwal. Please unmute yourself and ask your question. 
 
Rohan Agarwal: 
On discontinuation of the OTTplay business. Can you confirm if 
there will be no further one-time losses attributing to that 
business that will show up in the coming quarters? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. So, let me give you two or three data points. Effective 31st 
March, which was the last date till which we were selling 
OTTplay subscriptions. From 1st April, we are not selling any 
OTTplay subscriptions. However, subscriptions, which have 
been sold on or prior to 31st March, will have to be serviced for 
its life, which can typically be ranging from one month to six 
months at any point in time. If the unit economics of that is not 
working out, there might be marginal losses, etc., which will 
basically come into the P&L for FY2027, but that will be a very 
small number. 
  
Also, parallelly, you should expect that because we are winding 
down the business, all the negotiated contracts that we had on 
the content side, on the ISP side, on the channel partner side, 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
14 
 
are being exited via certain negotiations and certain contractual 
nature there. 
  
So those will basically tantamount to cash flow. So, there will be 
some cash impact to shut down these contracts. But from a P&L 
perspective, there will be a very marginal impact of some 
residual subscribers, who purchased their subscriptions in 
March and might go up until September, but that will be a very 
small number rounding off. 
 
 
 
Rohan Agarwal:  
So basically, it's expenses related to servicing those residual 
subscription timelines, that's it.  
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Yes. You're absolutely right. 
 
Rohan Agarwal: 
Got it. And just my last question. Does the Board of the 
Company have any policy regarding the substantial cash pile 
that we have now, if you can give us any information on that? 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, Rohan, the Board always discusses the cash pile and what 
to do there. You know the Company would like to create long-
term sustainable value for shareholders by investing in 
businesses of tomorrow. So right now, we're investing behind 
core and our Digital businesses. Of course, we tried OTTplay 
after a certain time when we realized that it's not going to work 
out, we've also decided to exit that space. But that cash at this 
point in time, the Board has thought it fit to kind of invest behind 
businesses of tomorrow and create a long-term value. 
 
Rohan Agarwal: 
So, no plans to return anything to the shareholders currently. 
 
Piyush Gupta:  
Well, there is none so far. 
 
Rohan Agarwal: 
Sure, thanks, appreciate your answers. 
 
 
Aaditya Mulani: 
Thank you all. With this, we come to the end of the Q&A session. 
If you have any further queries, please reach out to the Investor 
Relations team. Our contact details are given in the investor 
presentation and are also mentioned on our websites. I now 
hand over to Piyush for closing remarks. 
 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 

   May 29, 2026 
 
15 
 
Piyush Gupta: 
Thank you, Aaditya, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for 
participating in our earnings call. I'm very pleased with the kind 
words some of you shared with us. Our hope and expectation is 
that we'll be able to churn out such good set of numbers quarter 
after quarter for you and some of the new investments that we 
will plan will create long-term sustainable value for all 
shareholders. I wish you all the very best, and I look forward to 
seeing you in the next quarterly earnings call. Thank you very 
much and have a great day. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
=IIHT Media Limited ~GC:ldlril 
~ 
