 
Date: May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 544258; Scrip Symbol: WCIL 
ISIN: INE0CJF01024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call held with Investors with reference to 
discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
In furtherance to our earlier communication dated May 13, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed the transcript in respect to the Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, May 18, 2026 
at 01:00 PM (IST), with regard to the discussion on the Operational and Financial Performance of 
the Company for the quarter and  financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The said transcript is also hosted on the Company's website at www.western-carriers.com 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Western Carriers (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Name: Sapna Kochar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Mem. No.: A56298 
Place: Kolkata, West Bengal 
 
Enclosed: As above  
 
 
SAPNA 
KOCHAR
Digitally signed by 
SAPNA KOCHAR 
Date: 2026.05.22 
19:21:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Western Carriers (India) Limited  
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KANISHKA SETHIA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND WHOLE TIME 
DIRECTOR – WESTERN CARRIERS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NIDHI VIJAYWARGIA – MUFG INTIME INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the Western Carriers (India) Limited Q4 
FY26 Earnings Conference call, hosted by MUFG. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Nidhi Vijaywargia 
from MUFG for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Nidhi Vijaywargia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, I welcome you all to the Q4 and Full year FY26 Earnings 
Conference call for Western Carriers (India) Limited. To discuss the business performance, we 
have from the management Mr. Kanishka Sethia, CEO, CFO and Whole-time Director.  
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and assumptions. For more 
details, kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the 
company's website and on the stock exchanges. Without further ado, I would like to hand over 
the call to the management for their opening remarks and then we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Thank you Nidhi. Thank you so much for your kind introduction. I hope I am audible to 
everyone. 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, please go ahead. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you. So good afternoon everyone and welcome to the Q4 and Full year FY26 Earnings 
call of Western Carriers (India) Limited. I am joined today by my excellent colleagues Ashish, 
Sapna, Jitender and Surya. Thank you for taking the time out to join the call and for your 
continued engagement with us.  
Let me start with the broader macro environment and discuss its relevance to our company side-
by-side as we go along. As you will appreciate and agree, we are in the middle of the Middle 
East crisis, with daily changing news cycles and no exact end or solution in sight. Subsequently 
over the last quarter, the global outlook has weakened.  
The International Monetary Fund (IMF), in its April 26 World Economic Outlook titled “Global 
Economy in the Shadow of War,” has revised global growth down to 3.1% and 3.2%. So it's 
looking a bit bleak versus earlier expectations of around 3.3%. The IMF and World Bank 
attribute a meaningful part of this change to the Middle East conflict obviously, that began on 
28th February and the disruptions ensuing around the Strait of Hormuz because of this.  
The IMF expects global headline inflation to rise to about 4.4% before easing again. Advanced 
economies are projected to grow between 1.5% to 2% range and emerging markets has also seen 
a reduction projection to 3.9% from 4.2% till the January projection. The Financial Stability 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Board has flagged increased financial instability risks, including market volatility and higher 
financial conditions.  
In the IMF adverse scenario, global growth slips to 2.5% with inflation of around 5.4% and in 
severe scenario growth is only at 2% with inflation above 6%. So overall the near-term operating 
environment remains extremely fragile and sensitive to further escalation.  
Moving to India, India's growth expectation remains higher than many other major economies 
and remains the one true bright spot and beacon of hope in the global economy. Even though 
the outlook is not without risks, particularly from energy prices and global trade conditions. The 
IMF has revised India's FY27 GDP projections upwards to 6.5%, citing carryover from FY26 
and changes in tariff conditions. The Reserve Bank of India's latest projection is 6.9% for FY27, 
both of which augurs really well for us.  
Other domestic agencies are also in a similar range with variations depending on crude 
assumptions and the impact of West Asia developments. On inflation, CPI inflation for April 26 
was 3.48% provisional, compared to 3.4% in March 2026, marking multiple months below the 
RBI's 4% target.  
However, agencies including CRISIL note that if Brent crude remains elevated in the USD90 to 
95 range, inflation should move higher over FY25. The RBI has retained its inflation target 
framework 4% with a 2% to 6% band for April to March 2031. On the fiscal and revenue side, 
gross GST collections for April 26 was reported at 2,42,000 crores, up 8.7% year-on-year.  
Now coming specifically to the logistics industry, the sector continues to evolve towards an 
integrated, complex, cross-border coordination and technology-enabled execution scenario. At 
the same time, this quarter has shown that geopolitical shocks can quickly disrupt flows, raise 
costs and reduce capacity availability.  
Industry estimates, including Research Nester, place the global 4PL market at around USD75 
billion to USD80 billion in 2026, with projected growth over the long term. In India, IBEF  and 
other sources estimate a large and expanding logistics market supported by infra build-out and 
policy initiatives.  
However, execution constraints, cost inflation and volatility in EXIM lanes remains a near-term 
reality. Government programs such as the National Logistics Policy, the PM Gati Shakti and the 
platform initiatives aimed at visibility and integration are ongoing and showing extreme positive 
results on the ground.  
The mid-term intent is to improve efficiency and model mix, including increased rail share in 
freight and reduce overall logistics cost to bring it in line with the most developed economies of 
the world. Now turning specifically to the geopolitical situation, which has been a defining 
variable for our industry and our company in this quarter.  
As everyone knows, the Strait of Hormuz has been completely blocked since 28th February, 
thereby disrupting global supply chains, which were already very fragile after the Israel-
Palestinian and the Russia-Ukraine crisis. To put it in perspective, the pre-conflict traffic 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
averaged around 3,000 vessels per month, which is down to around 5% of pre-war levels now 
for the Western trade.  
Obviously, the effect on trade and commerce has been huge and I would like to address this in 
some detail now. The effect on trade and commerce has been expectedly huge. India's 
merchandise exports have fallen 7.4% year-on-year in March to 38.92 billion, with shipments to 
West Asian region particularly down 58%, both largely driven by the Middle East crisis.  
Normally monthly exports to the region are around 6 billion, but this March only 2.5 billion 
worth of exports have gone. However, with import particularly oil and gas also declining by 
6.5% to 59.5 billion in the month, India's overall foreign trade in goods compressed, resulting in 
a relatively low trade deficit of 20.7 billion.  
A concerning point is that though the shipments have been tepid in recent months to begin with, 
exports of goods have contracted for the first time since October 2026, a clear sign of collateral 
damage in large parts to the ongoing Middle East crisis. For our part, we as a large logistics 
service provider have been keenly taking proactive steps from day one.To limit disruptions from 
the worsening Middle East conflict by closely tracking our shipping carriers, planning our 
consignments as early as possible and exploring alternate routes in conjunction with our clients. 
Even as freight rates, insurance premiums and transit times rise sharply among uncertainty 
around the Strait of Hormuz.  
Our goal through the entire crisis has been singular to ensure minimal disruption and delays to 
our client supply chains and ensure transparency throughout this difficult period. At the same 
time, our clients have also responded urgently, with most businesses adjusting inventories, 
contracts and delivery schedules to build in flexibility as the conflict threatens cargo movement 
and supply chain.  
To give a picture of the situation, as of March end around 40,000 to 45,000 Indian containers 
were stranded, either in transit or at international ports and the future of export cargo worth 
around a billion and a half is already under cloud. Staring at either a diversion in routes in some 
cases and even a U-turn to India in others, leading to unavoidable cost escalation.  
Of these 40,000 to 45,000 containers that we speak of, nearly 80% of them are already in waters 
in transit and stranded. Adding to this, several contingency surcharges by shipping channels are 
causing an additional three to five-fold increase in per container cost in some cases.  
All these together are leading to cascading costs, a possible container crisis and particularly for 
perishable goods exporters, there may even be hefty losses due to non or delayed shipments and 
deliveries. For example, according to sources, a good share of these stuck consignments are 
Basmati rice, which is 4,00,000 tons plus.  
Hence, just like the Israel crisis last year, the shipping lines are having to reroute consignments 
around the Cape of Good Hope, circling Africa to avoid the Strait of Hormuz and the Red Sea. 
These diversions obviously add almost 3,500 nautical miles to voyages, delay shipments by 10 
to 15 days and significantly increase fuel and insurance expenses, making deliveries to key 
markets like the USA and Europe more expensive and more time-taking.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
The risk of is that these longer voyages will tighten vessel and container availability, further 
pushing up freight in coming weeks and months, should the situation not start improving shortly. 
Due to all of this, the capacity currently on key routes to US and Europe is about 30% to 35% 
of normal levels, putting extreme pressure on the EXIM trade.  
It is to be noted that these two markets, that's Europe and US markets, account for 195 billion of 
the projected 437 billion goods export in 24-25 as per a report in Financial Express. This 
becomes all the more important as key export markets of Middle East has seen shipments almost 
completely stopping.  
The war has resulted in insurance premium going up by USD1,200 for 20 feet and 2400 USD 
for 40 feet in some cases. Add to that the shipping lines imposing war risk surcharges and cargo, 
which in many cases are nearly doubling the ocean freight costs. Now not only the cost impact, 
but the crisis also has created logistical bottlenecks as carriers are having to divert vessels to 
safer ports or issue “end-of-voyage” notices for some services. These moves have led to cargoes 
being offloaded at alternative hubs, leaving exporters scrambling to arrange alternative and more 
expensive onward transportation to end destination to their clients. Another fallout  is that should 
the situation persist is the imbalance being created by stranded ships, which will reduce 
availability of containers at Indian ports, potentially affecting new export bookings even further.  
Similarly, Exim boxes are getting stuck at ports waiting for exports and import boxes are coming 
in a bunch in spurts, leading to detention and demurrages across the ports. Stability in this region 
is key for competitiveness of shipments bound for Europe, Middle East and Africa, particularly 
as they rely on Gulf transshipment hubs.  
This conflict obviously impacts us as a company as well as the rest of India's container rail 
logistics sector. With weaker exports to the West, there is a sharp rise in stabling or parking of 
rakes for want of cargo and at several instances running of empty wagons to source for lack of 
return of reverse direction cargo.  
This obviously impacts the turnarounds, the TAT, the timelines, the schedules and profitability. 
For instance, per industry estimates, the requirements for stabling of rakes idling for want of 
cargo in the month of March has already crossed 50 rakes, 50 trains, which is a dramatic increase 
from an industry standard of four to five rakes that are stabled on a normal situation to deal with 
cargo fluctuations. So that's a 10x.  
Empty wagon running has also seen a steep increase due to reduction in cargo volumes, with an 
estimated 15% to 20% of wagons being moved empty, a sharp increase from the normal 5% 
which is usual industry practice, which is a 4x. The import-export EXIM volumes for the 
logistics industry are said to have shrunk by about 40% in the month of March, with reductions 
in heavy fluctuations in both export and import volumes.  
Luckily for our company, we have been very resilient in this regard, with our EXIM container 
movement dropping less than 11% compared to the 40% overall. There is a slight dip in the 
EXIM lead by 2% due to lesser demand in North India, but container detention and demurrage 
remains an issue with the rescheduling and rerouting of the global ships.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
But I will discuss the container numbers a bit later in greater detail as we go along. Let me talk 
after EXIM about the domestic transport, where the domestic transport volumes, especially in 
the tiles and steel industry with heavy reliance on imports of raw materials have seen drops. 
These two industries directly affect our MMLP operations in Morbi, which is located at the heart 
of the tiles industry as well as caters to a sizeable portion of steel business from West India.  
Despite this, by pivoting to other industries like industrial chemicals, FMCG, aggregates, 
etcetera your company has managed to keep its domestic volume steady with a minimal decline 
of less than 1% quarter-on-quarter. Your company has shown remarkable resilience despite these 
trying conditions and a tough year and grown overall 6% in container movement year-on-year.  
More on this later when we delve into the container numbers in detail shortly. From our side, 
like I previously mentioned, the operating response has focused on extreme execution discipline 
under very constrained conditions. Closer monitoring of carrier schedules, earlier planning 
wherever possible, alternate routing evaluation and contract and delivery schedule adjustment 
in real-time in coordination with our customers.  
In an extremely difficult global geopolitical situation like this, the priority for us has been 
continuity of service, extreme cost control, resource optimization and risk management. Let me 
briefly cover our multimodal cargo terminal at Devaliya, which I earlier mentioned near Morbi. 
For the ones listening to us for the first time, the facility is spread over 32 acres and services 
industries in the Morbi cluster including tiles, chemicals, ceramics, agri and food grade products. 
Our MMCT is at the literal heart of the tiles industry, which accounts for 80% to 90% of India's 
ceramic production and so obviously draws a large clientele from them naturally.  
In the current environment, tiles industry is staring at an unprecedented fuel crisis triggered by 
the conflict. 700 units are facing propane and natural gas supply shortages. As most of you know, 
almost 70% of Morbi's ceramics units run on propane. Hence, MMCT throughput of tiles has 
been impacted majorly for the month of March. 
But the terminal has supported operations through storage, consolidation and the ability to adjust 
routing for delayed or diverted cargo and is pivoting towards other cargo notably industrial 
chemicals, in which we have had some success and are seeing volumes steadily go up month-
on-month.  
Again, our fixed services connecting Devaliya to North in CMLK, Bangalore and Chennai in 
South, and Calcutta and Guwahati in East, continue to regularly operate, albeit at lower 
frequencies given the demand cycle. Our service offerings are expected to increase this FY 
across the country for the domestic cargo and expected to penetrate new clients and new 
industries.  
Our state-of-the-art MMCT gives us a lot of scope on growing our businesses from Western 
India, which fits extremely well with our long-term vision. Now looking at the global scenario, 
some prompt and much-needed relief has been provided by the government agencies in these 
tough geopolitical situation and I would be remiss in my duties if I didn't briefly touch upon 
these.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
GOI has launched 1.5 billion Bharat Maritime Insurance Pool to shield shipping from global 
risks. BMIP will provide coverage across key segments of maritime risks including hull and 
machinery, cargo, protection and indemnity (P&I) and war-related risk for Indian flag vessels 
and those with India linkages.  
BMIP is intended to reduce India's reliance on overseas reinsurance market, which will lead to 
great financial resilience and autonomy in a sector that carries 90% of India's trade by volume. 
Customs has also jumped in and permitted return of exports back to origin under a back-to-town 
circular wherever required.  
The DG of Maritime Administration has issued a notice to shipping lines to maintain 
transparency and avoid any type of predatory pricing for cargo owners. The Jawaharlal Nehru 
Port Authority has issued a circular ordering 100% waiver on ground rent and 80% relief on 
reefer plug-in costs.  
While on the subject of JNPT, I also want to note an important infrastructural milestone. On 31st 
March 26, DFCCIL announced the completion and commissioning of the Western Dedicated 
Freight Corridor, including the final 102 kilometers which were pending from JNPT to New 
Raphale stretch. This is expected to give us a very big boost to Exim trade going forward. For 
our business, corridor availability is relevant to long-term customer movements, including 
mandates previously disclosed such as the Vedanta work order and the Jindal Stainless Steel 
engagement and the use of specialized assets deployed during the year.  
Both the Western and Eastern Freight Corridor is a wonderful opportunity for your company to 
deepen relationship with existing customers as well as grow our client pool on which your 
company remains deeply focused. I would like to get into the numbers in detail before opening 
the floor for Q&A.  
First coming to container volumes for this quarter and this financial year. So the comparative 
numbers quarter-to-quarter, Quarter 4 25-26 and comparing to Quarter 4 24-25, the domestic 
numbers have increased to 23,350 from 19,824 an absolute increase of 3,526 containers, 
percentage-wise a 17.79% increase.  
And EXIM numbers are 34,404 compared to 35,532, an absolute reduction of 1,128 containers 
and a dip of 3.17%. Overall for the quarter, if we see, our numbers are 57,754 containers 
compared to 55,356 containers in Q4 of last year, which is an absolute increase of 2,398 
containers and 4.3% increase.  
But if we compare it to our Q3 numbers, the 34,404 EXIM numbers are compared to the 38,638 
containers in Q3 of this year, which shows a reduction of 4,234 containers, an absolute reduction 
of 10.96%. Fortunately in domestic, like I mentioned we've been able to retain by pivoting to 
other industries.  
So, our numbers are 23,350 compared to 23,565 an absolute decrease of just 215 containers, 
which is less than 1%. In fact, what is pertinent here is that the total number for Q4 is 57,754 
containers compared to 62,203 in quarter 3, which is a 7% reduction. In fact, EXIM volumes 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
had gone up 14% in quarter 3 and we were on a strong growth trend till the latest crisis cropped 
up.  
Mostly in the month of March, this number has come down. Similarly domestic was up 15% in 
quarter 3, but almost same due to lower demand, but due to production issues in key clusters as 
discussed. Our strong pivot has helped us ensure that we've not seen any decline on our domestic 
numbers, which speaks there for the tough work my team has done.  
Now if we look holistically for the whole year, I'm happy to announce that our numbers have 
gone up more than 6% for the whole year. Our domestic numbers are 86,353 compared to 
79,840, an absolute increase of 6,513 containers and a percentage increase of 8.16%. Similarly, 
remarkably our Exim numbers have also gone up to 1,40,225 compared to 1,33,635 last year, an 
absolute increase of 6,519 and a percentage increase of almost 5%.  
In overall numbers, 2,26,578 boxes compared to 2,13,475 the year before, an absolute increase 
of 13,103 containers and a percentage increase of 6.14%. I would like to point out that this would 
have been double-digit volume growth, but for the month of March, which again is ceteris 
paribus global geopolitical situation which is well outside our control.  
We are already seeing very good demand in domestic stream for our specialized containers. 
Your company procured 161 specialized containers during FY26 and we have similar orders in 
pipelines for FY27 as well. I'll talk about capex a bit later. Now coming to the financials of Q4 
and FY26.  
Revenues from operations was INR496 crores, climbing steadily further up by about 4% from 
INR478 crores in Q3, recording a fourth straight growth quarter-on-quarter. This shows the 
company's resilience even in the toughest of geopolitical situations well beyond our control. 
However, due to the current situation as discussed above, there was a small dip in profitability 
wherein EBITDA decreased from INR27 crores to INR25 crores. 
And EBITDA margins showed a slight decline from 5.6% to 5%. Similarly, the PAT decreased 
slightly from INR10.8 crores in Q3 to INR8.3 crores in Q4 and the margin decline was minimal 
from 2.3% to 1.7%. We are seeing a lot of demand and hence a major capex was planned and 
done in the last financial year.  
Total capex deployed in FY26 was over INR70 crores, including in specialized TEUs, handling 
equipment such as reach stackers, commercial vehicles, all completely aligned to our customers' 
requirements and operating needs. Our own fleet of specialized containers now stands at over 
1,000, making it one of the largest specialized container fleets in the country in the private sector.  
Seeing better opportunities, our intention is a further capex of INR100 crores in this FY27, which 
remains linked to strong customer demand and will be calibrated to market conditions as year 
goes on, including the pace of EXIM normalization. All capex is always driven by long-term 
commitments with larger customers as discussed in earlier calls and we do not build before we 
have orders.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
On working capital, intensity has increased alongside scale and operating cycle in this segment. 
The timing of operating cash flow improvement will depend on realizations, collecting cycles 
and pace of volume recovery, particularly in the EXIM-linked activity. To close, FY26 ended 
with a challenging Q4 driven by external disruptions. 
But your company managed not only to survive, but thrive by delivering customer trust and 
expectations to the team. Your company has a very strong order book with pedigreed customers 
for the rest of the year giving us additional confidence. Realizations which have been impacted 
due to geopolitical reasons is also expected to improve as we grow back our Exim business in 
the coming months and quarters. 
Particularly backed by a strong EXIM business from the East Coast ports. Our emphasis has 
always remains on execution, risk management and maintaining customer service levels through 
uncertainty. We feel extremely happy at the efforts put in by our team during these tough 
geopolitical situations, which remains out of our controls. And we feel extremely confident 
about our prospect going forward in the near future. We feel we are poised for greater trajectories 
ahead as the situation starts normalizing. In conclusion, thank you again for taking your time out 
on a Monday morning and joining our call for which I am eternally grateful. We will now open 
the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Good afternoon sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on your conducted  IPO, 
I think you raised net proceeds of about INR363 crores, out of which  you have spent about 
INR163 crores for debt repayment. Sir, but in comparing from FY25 to 26, your debt has gone 
up from INR172 crores to INR217 crores. So sir, can you please explain this? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you Pinaki ji for your question. The working capital requirements has been constantly 
going up as we've operationalized our new multimodal cargo terminal and so whatever working 
capital requirements we've taken has gone into our working capital requirement, sir. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. Sir, can you just give a breakup a bit of your revenue between rail, road and water 
transport? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Sir, we do not salami slice our revenues per se since we are a supply chain company dealing in 
multimodal and end-to-end logistics. We do not salami slice our numbers because then if we do 
that, the real picture will not come. For example, sometimes if we are moving say 2,800 tons by 
rake and there is a spillover of 100 tons, that 100 tons will go by road. 
But if you look at that it's all actually multimodal and whatever road we did was what was left 
out. So if I segregate that as 2,800 tons multimode and 100 tons in road, the numbers will not 
actually be correct. Hence, we do not salami slice our numbers, we look at ourselves as a 
consolidated logistics supplier. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. And last question, what's the update on the Devaliya MMCT,  how is it progressing? 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So, we are fully operational now, sir and the Devaliya MMCT is right outside Morbi, sir. We 
are smack in the middle of the tiles industry and the tiles industry is a natural customer for us. 
Unfortunately, this tiles industry is quite badly impacted by the supply, lack of supply thereof of 
propane, but the situation once it improves, we will see our tiles volume dramatically pick up 
from there.  
In the meantime, we have pivoted to our other customers and other sectors including industrial 
chemicals, salt, FMCG, etcetera to keep the operations running. The volumes are lower than 
what it would have been had the tiles industry been there, obviously that's a factor for us and we 
hope that sooner than later, the tiles and the steel manufacturing activities there will go back to 
normal. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay sir. That's all from my end and thanks and all the best for the future. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you sir, thank you for your question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Yes, thank you. Sir, given the structural tailwinds such as the dedicated freight corridor, the trade 
normalization and supply chain formalization, alongside the near-term geopolitical risk like 
potential disruption in the Strait of Hormuz, how should investor think about your steady state 
business over the next 2 to 3 years in terms of growth, margins and cash flow generation? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
It's an excellent question, sir. I feel and maybe I am harping on my own tune, but I feel that we 
are very, very strongly poised, sir. Even in these extremely tough situations, we went through 
the Russia-Ukraine crisis followed by the Israel-Palestine crisis and now we find ourselves in 
the Iran crisis.  
Despite all of this, your company has been resilient, your company has been growing and we are 
poised for a major jump once situation starts normalizing. Not only in terms of a top line, but 
also a greater and major improvement in the bottom line as well. We've been quite constrained 
by these tough geopolitical situations.  
For example, I was talking, let me give you guys an idea, the numbers if you are tracking us, 
quarter 3 I was extremely robust and in quarter 3 we had delivered almost a 14% increase in 
Exim numbers after a long time. And we were very hopeful that the trend is going to continue. 
We had delivered similarly 15% growth in our domestic numbers.  
So looking very, very good and positive in our business scenario and January also was a stellar 
month for us, February was extremely good and then 28th of February this whole situation 
exploded, which led to a major reduction in both the domestic as well as EXIM volumes, 
especially on the West Coast.  
So what it did was it eroded a lot of good work that we had done for the rest of the year. Despite 
that, despite taking a 11% hit on our Exim numbers compared to a 40% hit that the industry has 
taken and taking a hit of almost close to 4,500 containers in the quarter 4 compared to quarter 3. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
We still managed to finish the year on a robust 6% positive number for containers, which shows 
the strength with which we operate. And we feel that sooner than later these situations have to 
sort of settle down. It's in interest of the entire world. And when we do, I think we are poised for 
a quantum leap, sir.  
I strongly feel that the rest of the decade belongs to the logistics industry and I think we are 
primed in and in a prime position to actually get a large chunk of benefit out of that. So that's I 
would I would suggest, that's what I would say that we feel that we are in a very good position 
to actually have stellar growth.  
Though I don't believe in giving future projections or future numbers, but I feel very, very 
confident that we'll be able to perform extremely well despite the situation that we are in, sir. 
We grew quarter-to-quarter,  despite the situation  we are looking at doing the same in this 
quarter and going forward as well, sir.  
The order books remain very strong, the domestic pipelines are good and the Exim pipeline 
especially on the East Coast are very robust. We've been able to increase our business on the 
East Coast and we look forward to growing our businesses both in Exim as well as domestic in 
this quarter and going forward as well. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay, sir. Sir, in periods of stress, do customers prioritize cost efficiency or integrated reliability  
and where do we position ourselves in this spectrum? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
That's a very pertinent question, sir. I think in supply chain, especially multimode, you always 
have to be cost-effective, but at the same time depending on the level of service that you can 
provide, I don't think the cost remains the only factor for our large customers to decide on a 
multimodal complex supply chain.  
It's sort of different from plain vanilla road transport in the sense that you bring in a lot of 
optimization, efficiencies and cost benefits overall. So the idea is the customer and especially 
the bigger customers, always look at a mix of both economics as well as efficiency. That's what 
my gut feeling is, sir. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, how do margins differ between the domestic and Exim segments and what would be 
impact on overall profitability from a shift in business mix? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So the margins actually they don't they again not salami slice like this. Some domestic businesses 
are extremely profitable, some EXIM businesses are extremely profitable, vice versa some 
domestic are not so profitable. So it's hard to really say what are the margins in domestic 
movements compared to EXIM.  
But overall the idea is that we try to do business only profitably. We don't do business just the 
top line is for show, so we don't try to push only the top line. We only try to do businesses which 
we can do profitably, provided that we add value to our customers. So our first port of call always 
remains that we must be adding significant value to our customers' supply chain.  

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
If we are not adding value to our customers' supply chain, we do not try to get that business. If I 
am going to try to do the same thing that others are already doing and it's only an incremental 
benefit to my customer, I do not look at those businesses at all, sir. So the idea is to make my 
customers' supply chains more robust and profitable and at the same time do the business 
profitably. We do not believe in doing the business for the sake of doing business. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay sir, thank you. That really helps and all the best. 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Thank you sir, thank you for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Hi Kanishka, how are you? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Very well Kaustav how are you? 
Kaustav Bubna: 
I'm doing good. So Kanishka just wanted to get some more clarity, speak openly about your 
incrementally rising receivables over a long period of time now. So even though the industry is 
going through a bad time, we all understand that. From a layman's perspective I'd like to 
understand why aren't you being able to collect the money from the end parties that you are 
already engaged in business with. So who are these end parties who owe INR600 plus crores in 
receivables? Is there any way you could break it down to whatever extent you're willing to? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Good question Kaustav. Actually this is something that we as an industry have been all 
struggling with, maybe us slightly more than others, but our debtor days has definitely not been 
coming to the target that we would like. We are targeting to bring our debtor days to below 120 
in this current financial year.  
What has happened is that we have seen a lot of demand and a lot of new customers have been 
added especially in our MMCT, which are retail customers. That's a business which we started 
only this financial and so it is taking time for us to actually absorb that into our books and start 
getting the payment cycle.  
A lot of it is new businesses that we've done, new cycles that we've started, new areas of 
businesses that we've done. So we started with the East -- the West Coast to the East Coast, then 
we started services to North India to CMLK which is outside Delhi and then to South India 
which is in Bangalore and Chennai.  
So since our service offerings have gone up, also our receivables have gone up. We expect to 
start seeing that stabilizing post this current geopolitical crisis because the more the material we 
can send, the more the cycle will start reducing. Right now since there's not enough dispatches. 
The funds are getting stuck up from the clients who are waiting for the next lot before releasing 
the payment as is the want in retail side of the business. So since we've grown our retail side of 
the business from corporate in the last 2 years almost I would say 25% to 30% year-on-year, 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
that's where the funds have gotten stuck up, but we have internally kept a target of trying to bring 
our debtors down to about 120 days in this financial. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Also added to that Kanishka I wanted to understand, see in let's just take FY25 and FY26 in 
question, your operating cash flow has been negative in both these years. Now you had some 
cash in your balance sheet which is  almost fully used,  and your working capital debt is 
increasing while you have negative operating cash flow and while FY27 also seems to be a bleak 
year because of all the external issues going on which is not in your or  my control. 
And we don't know when the situation will end although hoping it will end sooner rather than 
later. So I mean I find this concerning also, given that  you were saying you're targeting INR100 
crores plus capex this year. So keeping in mind negative cash flow, INR100 crores capex, rising 
debt, lesser cash,  can you help me understand how concerned are you about the situation and 
why so?  if you could give some logic on your concern? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Yes, so Kaustav we have actually from our IPO funds just under a INR100 crores still with us 
to be deployed. Our plan was always to deploy our IPO funds, what came into the company over 
3 years. So we've actually deployed more or less in  cycle with that. We reduced our capex from 
the planned INR100 crores last year to about INR74 odd crores this year, seeing the variation in 
the EXIM trade.  
We used the capex mostly for domestic and this year also the Exim that we've planned is a 
INR100 crores of which we have INR92 from our IPO funds still to be deployed. So that's not 
of a immediate concern for us. The cash flow remains negative, like I said, due to the increasing 
working capital requirements, but we expect it to improve as realization increases, especially on 
our EXIM side.  
So that is something that we are very hopeful will start reflecting from this year. We've pivoted 
on our EXIM side more to our East Coast exports to sort of buffer the hits that are happening on 
the West, that's something  we cannot control, but obviously  a highly profitable business that  
we can't do.  
We are a derived industry Kaustav so only if my principals are able to export to the West Coast 
and to West, that is Europe and US, can we see that improving. My gut feel is that the situation 
especially in the EXIM side should start improving or rationalizing itself within this quarter. We 
had the Russia crisis followed by the Iran-Palestine crisis. 
But they all even before they were resolved, the situation had started working itself through the 
system, maybe through the longer transits through the Cape of Good Hope, the longer transits 
of 3,500 nautical miles. So, all of that basically figures in into the market because the work goes 
on, life goes on.  
All of that gets factored in. This has just happened in the month of March, we are 2 months into 
it, but I am hopeful that from this month onwards we'll be able to see green shoots of recovery 
even in the EXIM trade on the Western seacoast. Our numbers though not really looked at it in 
much detail, but our numbers for the initial part of this quarter is looking very robust and I'm 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
fairly confident that we should be able to see realizations also improve and working capital 
cycles also improve from this year onwards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, we take the next question from the line of Disha from 
Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Disha: 
Yes. So sir, my first question was again on our EBITDA margins, so we've seen a decline given 
the geopolitical situation.  I understand for you it'll be difficult to give a proper range or 
something, but what sort of further pressures are we seeing on EBITDA margins given the price 
impact which start flowing have started coming in from April onwards? Any colour on that? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Disha though I don't want to make any forward-looking kind of statement, but I feel that from 
here our EBITDA margins should sequentially keep improving because we've seen three wars 
back-to-back in the last year and a half. And so these have been really tough times for Exim 
trade.  
We used to draw substantially large part of our balance sheet from the Exim trade, which we've 
now pivoted hard into domestic in the last year, year and a half, but it still plays a very large part 
of our business cycle despite the amount of change that we've done. To give you an idea our 
FY26 numbers is 141.4 lakh containers in EXIM compared to 87,000 in domestic.  
So we are now seeing our domestic go up year-on-year and increasing our footprints in the 
domestic side more, but the EXIM trade remains a very large part of our business even now. 
And we are very hopeful that from here we should be in a position to actually improve. We've 
had three global wars in the last  1.5 years or so. 
And that really affects global EXIM trade. And it affects the Disha, what I really want my 
listeners to understand is that I'm a derived industry. If my principals are able to export more, 
my business sequentially goes up. I have large contract with marquee customers. So if they are 
not in a position to export, for example if they're not in a position to manufacture because they 
don't have raw materials like propane and gas, there's not much a derived industry can do.  
So I think this is a bit of a tough call for the industry in entirety, but I feel that where we are 
now, from here we can only continuously improve. It cannot I do not foresee it is not improving 
from here.  
Disha: 
Going further down the road.  
Kanishka Sethia: 
So I see it improving dramatically from this quarter itself actually because we've done whatever 
needed to do to pivot more into domestic and to ensure that our empty haulages is reduced, our 
linkages are made stronger, whatever reverse logistics we needed to do, we've done all of that 
planning, we've worked round the clock I would say for the last almost 5 to 6  weeks as a team, 
as a company. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
And we are seeing a very steady kind of situation now. I don't think we are much in a crisis mode 
now and I think we are in a cusp of some really good things. I don't want to give future 
projections, but I feel fairly confident that from here both the top and the bottom line should start 
showing a sequential improvement. 
Disha: 
Okay, fair enough sir. And see just a follow-up on that, so in terms of a domestic volume, what 
do you see as the key growth drivers for driving this domestic market share for us? And in terms 
of our capex, you mentioned we're planning INR100 crores capex, could you please elaborate a 
bit more on where are you planning to utilize this amount? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
That's a very nice question Disha. So basically  though our name is Western Carriers, we do not 
or we have not historically drawn a lot of business from the Western side as much as we do from 
the East and South. So our focus has been on growing our Western trade which aligns very well 
with the reason why our first multimodal logistics park we set up in Morbi.  
We dominate the retail part of the rail business on the Saurashtra side and that's why we came 
up with this our own multimodal logistics park there and it's fully up and running. I feel that 
once and the locational advantage that we have Disha is that we are smack in the middle of the 
tiles industry, it's tiles industry central.  
We are smack there. We don't have to travel even a mile to get to our customers. It gives us the 
benefit of proximity which brings down the first mile cost for our customers, which makes us 
profitable. So it's once the volumes of tiles which is now almost zero in the month of March 
starts improving with propane supplies. I think the domestic play is going to rotate largely around 
our multimodal cargo park as well as our other clients that we are working with on the Western 
seacoast. The volumes have been subdued, but we expect it to start rising from this month 
onwards.  
Disha: 
Okay. And just sir on the capex amount where exactly will we be utilizing that? 
Kanishka Sethia: 
So the capex is going to be again a mix of specialized containers, commercial vehicles, heavy 
equipment, etcetera. For example, we did a 161 container specialized, these are all built to suit 
kind of containers, these are not your standard shipping line containers. We have an order of 
almost the same size under production right now which comes into operations from the end of 
this month and beginning of next month over the next 1 quarters, 1.5 quarters.  
So that's where it is going. We have some capex planned for replenishment of our commercial 
vehicle fleet, we try to keep our fleet up and tidy and so we have a requirement of replenishment 
of our fleet on a pan-India basis as well as we have some equipment requirements in terms of 
reach stackers, industrial size forklifts, large size cranes, etcetera. So these are all assets and 
equipment that we need to deploy in our businesses and which are not very standard, these are 
very specialized to our needs and that's where most of the bulk of this capex is going to go. 
Disha: 
Okay, that is it from my side sir. All the best, thank you. 
Kanishka Sethia: 
Thank you Disha,  for your questions. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Priyanka Nangalia from Aditya Birla 
Sunlife Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Priyanka Nangalia: 
Hello. Yes, so this is regarding your margins and your ROCE and ROE profiles. The last 2 years 
we've seen a significant decline from FY24 we were at 8.7% kind of an EBITDA margin, which 
FY26 we have ended at 4.6%. The ROE and ROCE which was above 20% has now come down 
to single digit. So how do we see the next 2 years from here? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Fair question Priyanka. Like I was saying, we expect these numbers to actually more than the 
top line we see our bottom line seeing a large improvement. The EBITDA margins which are 
4.6%, 4.7%, we hope to bring it back to where we were starting FY25 which is around almost 
7% and even higher the year earlier.  
These were the times when the supply chains were running very robustly, we didn't have any 
empty haulages, detention, demurrages, those sort of unplanned kind of hits which have 
happened to the supply chain is mostly I feel to the geopolitical situation one after the other 
starting with Russia, then to Israel and now to the Middle East.  
So it's been like a never-ending stream of bad news for global shipping, but I don't think 
hopefully we are at the end of this and we should be able to see the improvement in the EBITDA 
numbers and similarly we should see the ROEs and ROCEs go back to where they were in strong 
double-digit numbers.  
The debt numbers are obviously quite under control and we've been now working on improving 
the ROEs, the ROCEs back to where they were and take it back to the EBITDA margin numbers 
as well. So overall percentage increase as well as the quantum increase is what I expect this year 
in a very strong way. 
Priyanka Nangalia: 
So  any guidance on what can be the increase this year and next year in terms of margin 
expansion? 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Don't want to give any future forward guidance Priyanka, but I feel very extremely confident in 
my bones that both the top line and bottom line are headed in the right direction, especially the 
bottom line I'm looking at it being very robust because like I said in the last 6 weeks or so we've 
burned the midnight oil in making our supply chains as lean as possible.  
The devil is in the detail and we've gone down as granular as we can be to ensure that we make 
our supply chains as lean as we can and I think the results are showing. I'm quite comfortable 
with where we are in the month of May and about another month and a half to go in this quarter 
and it's looking quite comfortable.  
I see my top lines are extremely better than what it was last quarter, last year-on-year and I see 
my bottom line hopefully will also be in a position to recuperate from where we are. Like I said 
Priyanka, I think we've hit the rock bottom and from here bottom line wise we should start seeing 
an incremental improvement now. 
Priyanka Nangalia: 
Okay, thank you. 

 
 
Western Carriers (India) Limited  
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Kanishka Sethia:  
Thank you Priyanka. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude the question and answer session. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Nidhi Vijaywargia from MUFG for closing comments. 
Nidhi Vijaywargia: 
I would like to thank the management for taking the time out and to all the participants for their 
questions. If you have any further queries, feel free to contact us. We are MUFG Intime Investor 
Relations Advisors to Western Carriers (India) Limited. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Western Carriers (India) Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
