 
TENNECO CLEAN AIR INDIA LIMITED 
(formerly known as Tenneco Clean Air India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29308TN2018FLC126510 
Telephone: +2135 612501/506 
Email: Tennecoindiainfo@tenneco.com 
                                               Website: www.tennecoindia.com 
Registered Officer: RNS2, Nissan Supplier Park, SIPCOT Industrial Park Oragadam Industrial Corridor, Sriperumbudur, 
Taluk, Kancheepuram, Kancheepuram, Tamil Nadu, India, 602105 
 
 
 
 
Date: June 9, 2026 
 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited                      
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G                                            
Bandra Kurla Complex,                                                      
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051                                          
Scrip Symbol: TENNIND                                                     
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 544612 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on Wednesday, 
June 3, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to our intimation 
letter dated May 31, 2026, we hereby submit the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for 
Analysts and Investors held on Wednesday, June 3, 2026 at 04:00 PM (IST) post declaration of results 
for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Further, the transcript is also being made available on the Company’s website at: 
https://tennecoindia.com/investor-relations/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Sincerely, 
For Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
(Formerly known as Tenneco Clean Air India Private Limited) 
 
 
 
____________________________ 
Roopali Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A15006 
 
Place: Gurugram 
 
Encl: As above 
 
ROOPALI 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ROOPALI SINGH 
Date: 2026.06.09 
21:10:51 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 03, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARVIND CHANDRASEKHARAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
TENNECO CLEAN AIR INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. MAHENDER CHHABRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TENNECO CLEAN AIR INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. HIMANSHU SHARMA – HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – TENNECO CLEAN AIR INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 2 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of 
Tenneco Clean Air India Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Sharma, Head Investor Relations of Tenneco 
Clean Air India Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Sharma:  
Thank you, Aldrich. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and a warm welcome. Today we have 
with us Mr. Arvind Chandrasekharan, Whole-Time Director and CEO, and Mr. Mahender 
Chhabra, Chief Financial Officer. A detailed presentation on the business and financial 
performance is available on company's website and on the website of the stock exchanges. 
We will begin with Mr. Chandra providing a business update, followed by Mr. Chhabra covering 
the financial results. We expect the update to take around 15 minutes, after which we will open 
the floor for Q&A session of about 45 minutes. Before we proceed, I would like to draw your 
attention to the cautionary statements included in the presentation. With that, I now hand over 
to Arvind. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Thank you, Himanshu. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the Tenneco 
Clean Air India's Q4 and FY 2026 Earnings Call. I am very delighted to share that we have had 
the best ever year on a full year basis for our company. 
I'm very happy to report that in this year, we doubled our value added revenue growth rate versus 
the prior three years, registered the highest ever EBITDA margin for our company, best ever 
ROCE, strong order booking, ending the year with a very strong balance sheet and zero debt.  
As we reflect on the past year, our record stock market listing this past November, we have once 
again revalidated the strength of the operating model we've been building over the last several 
years. A model that is resilient, diversified, and execution-led. The performance in the quarter 
and the full year under review demonstrates that this approach continues to deliver consistent 
growth and strong profitability even in a volatile operating environment. 
 
For the full year, we delivered value added revenue growth of 12.3% year-over-year to 
INR49,180 million, supported by sustained traction across both business segments. EBITDA 
grew by 13.5% year-over-year to INR9,255 million. 
Importantly, we achieved our highest ever EBITDA margin of 18.8%, expanding by 21 points 
over the last year. This margin progression from 14.3% in FY24 to 18.8% in FY26 reflects the 
cumulative benefits of our P3 operating model, driven operational discipline, improved costs 
absorption and timely commercial actions.  
 
Turning to Q4, this quarter was particularly strong across all key metrics despite elevated 
geopolitical cost pressures. Value added revenues grew 17.5% year-over-year to INR14,058 
million, while EBITDA increased 17.6% to INR2,573 million with EBITDA margin at 18.3%. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 3 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Profit after tax came in at INR1,668 million, up 18.8% year-over-year, with PAT margin at 
11.9% reflecting continued operating leverage.  
 
Now, beyond financial performance, I would like to highlight a few strategic and commercial 
developments that are central to our long-term growth story. Our focus on customer-centric 
execution and quality excellence continues to be recognized. In our Advanced Ride 
Technologies business, we were honoured to receive in this quarter the zero defect supplier 
award from Toyota, reinforcing our position as a trusted high-quality partner to global OEMs.  
 
A defining highlight this year was the strong validation of our technology leadership through the 
adoption of DCx DaVinci, a first in the world advanced mechanical suspension system using 
shim stacks. This was taken up by a leading Indian OEM for a next generation flagship SUV 
platform, and I am delighted to share that the scope of this is being further expanded with 
multiple new DCx applications across other OEMs also. 
Our patented DCx reflects our commitment to India, bringing global suspension expertise tuned 
for local road conditions through a purely mechanical architecture that avoids the cost and 
complexity of software or electronics-heavy systems. This combination of performance, 
affordability, and speed to market positions DaVinci DCx as a market-ready solution for all mid-
to-premium passenger vehicle segments, including SUVs. 
It is a total game changer and disruptive to the conventional mechanical dampers which still 
dominate over 90% of passenger vehicles in India as OEMs are increasingly pushing ride quality 
as their top market differentiator. Similarly, when it comes to the high-end premium PV segment, 
we continue to play a key leadership role with electronics-enabled semi-active suspension 
technologies. 
 
Now, coming to Clean Air and Powertrain business, we won in Q4 a significant Clean Air 
program and achieved a strategic entry into the bearings systems business with a leading 
Japanese passenger vehicle OEM, marking entry into a previously untapped segment.  
This year's big announcement earlier in Q2 was a big breakthrough win for our Clean Air 
business with a leading Japanese passenger vehicle OEM in India, marking entry into a 
previously untapped Clean Air segment at this customer.  
This has opened our growth significantly in future years due to the significant market share that 
this particular OEM commands in India. Now, another strategic program was booked with a 
leading European commercial vehicle OEM in Q3 for a Clean Air aftertreatment solution 
tailored to customer specific cost and performance requirements.  
Finally, just recently in Q4, the company completed a strategic proof-of-concept with a leading 
European truck OEM for a Euro 7 compliant Clean Air solution, thereby strengthening 
capabilities in advanced emissions technologies and readiness for future legislations and to 
further India as an export hub for the world. All of these developments underscore our ability to 
deepen customer relationships and unlock growth opportunities through technology 
differentiation.  

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 4 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
 
Now, turning to order book, the momentum remains strong. As of March 31, 2026, our lifetime 
order book stands at INR124,000 million after accounting for net additions and programs that 
commenced production this year. This provides 100% visibility of our FY 2028 internal revenue 
target and underpins a double-digit growth trajectory over the medium term. 
Export order book has also been strengthened and will continue to grow as we add more techno-
commercial talent in the regions this year. Now, to support the order book and growth forecast, 
we are making disciplined capacity investments.  
Alongside our previously announced Clean Air facility in North India in Q3 FY26, we are now 
setting up a new greenfield Advanced Ride Technologies plant in West India. Together, these 
projects represent an announced capex of approximately INR1,400 million, ensuring we are 
well-positioned to meet future demand while maintaining operational efficiency.  
 
Before I conclude, I would like to briefly reflect on our IPO journey. Our issue was 
oversubscribed 61.8x, with qualified institutional buyers subscribing 174.8x their allocation. 
Since the listing, our stock has delivered returns that outperform both the BSE Sensex and the 
BSE Auto index. 
Our IPO marks a significant milestone in the evolution of Tenneco Clean Air India Limited. It 
reflects years of focused execution, disciplined growth, and teamwork across the organization 
and the confidence our parent company and investors continue to play in Tenneco India's 
manufacturing capability, engineering depth, and long-term growth opportunity. 
This achievement belongs to many people. To our tenacious teams across our plants, engineering 
centers and offices in the 12 locations who live the Tenneco Way culture every day; to our 
fantastic global leadership at Tenneco for backing this journey with conviction; and to you all, 
our dear investors, who chose to place your trust in us. 
As a listed company, we continue to strengthen governance disciplines that support long-term 
performance and stakeholder trust. Our Board and committees have provided oversight across 
strategy, risk, compliance, internal controls, and operational performance. As we look ahead to 
FY27, we remain focused on building on this foundation. 
With a strong order book, expanding capacity, and a disciplined operating framework, we are 
well-positioned to sustain profitable growth while continuing to create long-term value. With 
that said, I will now hand over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mahender Chhabra, to take you 
through the detailed financial performance. Thank you. 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Thank you, Arvind, and good evening everyone. Let me briefly take you through our financial 
performance for Q4 and also for the full year FY26. As you know, we track our performance 
using value added revenue, or VAR, as it excludes pass-through substrate costs and provides the 
most accurate view of our underlying operating performance and margins. 
Let me start with Q4 FY26 first. We delivered a strong and well-rounded performance with 
growth across the business divisions. Revenue from operations grew 17.1% year-on-year to 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 5 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
INR15,524 million, while VAR increased 17.5% to INR14,058 million, supported by higher 
volumes and ramp-up of new programs. 
At a business unit level, Clean Air and Powertrain Solutions grew 9.9% to INR6,905 million, 
while Advanced Ride Technologies continued its strong momentum, growing 26% to INR7,153 
million. From a profitability standpoint, EBITDA increased 17.6% year-on-year to INR2,573 
million with margins remaining stable at 18.3% of VAR, and this was despite the cost pressures 
arising from the geopolitical developments. 
These pressures were effectively mitigated through timely commercial actions and ongoing 
operational efficiencies reflecting the discipline embedded in our operating model. Profit after 
tax grew 18.8% to INR1,668 million with margins improving to 11.9%, supported by operating 
leverage and higher other income.  
Coming to the full year 2026, it reflects consistent growth alongside record profitability. 
Revenue from operations grew 10.5% to INR54,040 million whereas VAR increased 12.3% to 
INR49,180 million. This was driven by volumes and the new program wins. At the segment 
level, Clean Air and Powertrain Solutions delivered INR24,296 million, growing 5.5%, while 
Advanced Ride Technologies delivered INR24,885 million, growing a strong 19.7% year-on-
year continuing to outpace the broader market. 
Importantly, EBITDA grew 13.5% to INR9,255 million with margins expanding to 18.8% of 
VAR, marking our highest ever full year EBITDA margin. This improvement has been driven 
by P3 led operational efficiencies, better fixed cost absorption and disciplined commercial 
recoveries. Over the past several years, we have focused on building a more resilient, efficient 
and scalable organization by embedding Tenneco's global P3 operating framework, People, 
Performance and Pride. 
This standardized operating system defines how we run our plants and distribution centres 
globally, driving consistent execution, operational discipline, and adoption of industry best 
practices. By actively leveraging the P3 framework, the business is driving continuous 
improvement across safety, quality, delivery and cost while maintaining facilities that meet the 
highest global benchmarks. This disciplined approach underpins our ability to deliver best-in-
class operating and financial performance and positions us well for sustainable long-term value 
creation. 
Profit after tax for the year stood at INR6,044 million, up 9.3% year-on-year with margins at 
12.3%. This includes the impact of a one-time labour code charge, which was partially offset by 
stronger operating performance and higher other income. 
From a capital efficiency standpoint, FY26 has been a standout year. Return on capital employed 
improved significantly to 94%, up from 57% in FY25 reflecting both higher profitability and 
efficient capital utilization. Fixed assets turnover improved to 9.6 times from 8.4 times in FY25, 
while our cash conversion cycle remained strong at negative 23 days, highlighting continued 
discipline in working capital management. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 6 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Our balance sheet remains very strong. We are a debt-free company with a net debt-to-equity of 
negative 0.4, providing ample financial flexibility. At the same time, we generated cash flow 
equivalent to 58% of EBITDA, and this is after investment of capex equivalent to INR1,150 
million during the year. 
Just to summarize, FY26 has been a milestone year for Tenneco Clean Air India. We have 
delivered double-digit growth, record margins, sharp improvement in capital efficiency and 
strong cash generation, all while continuing to invest for our future. Combined with a robust 
order book and disciplined capacity expansion, we enter FY27 with strong visibility and a 
resilient financial foundation. Thank you. With these now I hand it over back to Himanshu. 
Himanshu Sharma: 
Thank you, Mahender. We request participants to kindly limit questions to two at a time. If you 
have additional questions, please re-join the queue. I now request Aldrich to commence the Q&A 
sessions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question comes from the line 
of Nishit Jalan with Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Yeah, hi. Good evening, everyone. And congratulations on great set of numbers and thank you 
for taking the, taking my question. Two questions. Firstly, you had talked about exports being 
part of the order book in the previous quarter. So just wanted to understand on exports side, how 
should we look at in terms of new order wins and ramp-up, right? We had talked about scaling 
up exports quite substantially. 
Can you give us some visibility as to how it will pan out over the next two to three years? And 
secondly, you have talked about new plants and some new orders that you have received on 
bearings side on commercial vehicle side. So just wanted to understand on timeline of execution 
of those orders and commissioning of the new plants. Yeah, these will be two questions from 
my side. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: First of all Nishit, thanks so much. Hope you're doing well. The first question on exports. Yes, 
so you know our current exports as a percentage of sales is very low. You know that, because 
we never had exports growth as a strategy in the past, right? So we're only at about 5% to 6% 
currently. But our order book, and you rightly pointed out that the order book for us is 
somewhere between 14% to 20%, right? 
And that exports order book growth is both with moving business or exporting to third party 
OEMs and it's also exporting back to Tenneco entities, right? So Tenneco Europe, Tenneco US 
and so on. And there's a couple reasons for that. 
One is technology equalization. So India is now equal in technology, whether you look at Clean 
Air exhaust systems or with shock absorbers, you know we have BS6.2 with RDE, you know 
Europe has the same thing, Euro 6 with RDE, so the same essential products can be exported. 
On the shock absorber side, with the semi-active suspension, we can also export the same 
technology. So technology equalization is new and we are taking advantage of that.  

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 7 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
The second reason is many of the OEMs from a China plus one diversification or let's call it 
supply chain diversification standpoint are looking to India as a source for products, and we are 
also benefiting from that. And the third one is just the improving labour cost arbitrage, right? 
India's always been a source for lower cost, let us call it, best cost labour and also now is the 
currency that is depreciating is also makes our overall products more export-worthy or more 
competitive so to speak. 
So yes, to answer your question, our exports are coming in way stronger than our current level 
of exports. And they're coming in very strong on both sides, by the way. They're coming in on 
very strong on the Clean Air Powertrain side and also on the shock absorber side. In fact, Clean 
Air, we're booking a lot of new business there for exports across the regions, and again, it's also 
covering multiple geographies, North, South America, Europe, and also Asia. 
So clearly, exports is going to be a very key vector of growth for us beyond content per vehicle. 
To answer your second question on the new plant, yes, we've got two new plants that we 
announced, one in the last quarter and one in this quarter. Last quarter we announced was the 
Clean Air plant expansion in North of India to support, of course, our Japanese customers in the 
North as well as for commercial truck and off-highway customers. 
The new plant we announced just recently is for West of India for shock absorbers and that's 
because the overall market itself is growing. Again, I can take names of Mahindra, Tata, they're 
all growing volumes, but at the same time, new technologies like DaVinci DCx as well as semi-
active suspension, they're all growing as well. 
So we're growing in volume because of the India Inc growth or the GDP growth, but we're also 
taking over market share, we’re growing faster than the market, and that's the reason we're 
setting up a new plant. On the bearings side, we haven't still mentioned the actual value because 
this is just a significant entry, let's call it a strategic entry into this customer, but at some point, 
we will publish the exact numbers when they become available. 
Will we set up a new plant for that? That still remains to be seen. We're still working out the 
capacity situation in our existing plants to see if we can accommodate in the existing location. 
But the point I want to make is that bearings, it was difficult to get into this particular customer 
bearings for a very long time, and the fact that we have been able to enter the supplier panel is 
very strategic for us, which means we can now grow with this Japanese customer in a bigger 
way. 
This is the same story like we had in the earlier quarter where we got into the leading passenger 
vehicle OEM in India with a Clean Air product on the hot end, with the Gasoline Particulate 
Filter, which again opens the door for much faster growth for Clean Air starting late ‘27, ‘28 
and onwards. I hope I answered your question, Nishit, yeah? 
Nishit Jalan: 
Yeah, thanks for the detailed answer. Actually, what I also wanted to understand primarily was, 
yes, you are starting this plant and you've won these orders on both export and domestic. Just 
wanted to start to understand the timeline when these orders start or when do these plants 
commission? 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 8 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
And will export revenue ramp-up be more, will it happen in a smooth way over the next two to 
three years or some of the orders are back-ended so the commissioning will be late, right? So 
will this six go to eight, ten, twelve? Or will you see exports being slightly back-ended increase 
in terms of mix of our revenues? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Alright. So the timing, like we've started the work on setting up both the plants in North India 
and West India. We just got the board approval for the one in West India. And so those plants 
will take, you know, somewhere between six months to a year to commission and the volumes 
will start. 
So I think the actual peak will happen somewhere in mid-28 to ‘29, you know, typically we have 
a one is to three ratio of capex going to let's call it steady state revenue. So again, I can't eyeball 
it, but I would say it's somewhere between ‘28 to ‘29 when it starts peaking. 
To answer sorry, your second question was about exports. Yeah, so exports, it's not front-ended 
or back-ended. I would say it's more middle-ended. So a lot of that exports start hitting the 
ground around 2028 timeframe, right? 
So that's when we see a lot of the critical mass of exports hitting us. But it will start, I mean, it 
will already start ramping up around ’27, ‘28 and then ‘29 onwards it will continue so, but like 
I said, our exports order book is coming in at a much higher rate than our current export sales 
exports through sales, overall sales. 
Nishit Jalan: 
Okay. Thank you so much, Arvind. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ravi with InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ravi: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the set great set of numbers, team. So 
my question is regarding the car exhaust system. So can you talk about the car exhaust system 
content per vehicle versus commercial vehicle content per vehicle? And yeah, I understood that 
you are supplying to Japanese OEM. Are you in talk with any other OEM to supply this in 
future? And secondly, on this car exhaust system, is this similar for diesel, petrol, CNG or maybe 
for the hybrids? Or there is a differentiation among all these type of systems? Any colour on 
that? Thanks. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. So on the content. I won't get into the actual numbers because it really varies because 
depending on the vehicle, depending on the gross vehicle weight and the engine displacement, 
they can vary a lot, even between one passenger vehicle to the other, right? 
So I think I would just say that if the car exhaust, like a typical passenger vehicle exhaust system 
and again, by the way it also changes between diesel and petrol as you know, right? And also 
even within that there's a difference between hot end and the cold end. The hot end has all the 
aftertreatment and the cold end has the muffler etcetera, right? 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 9 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
So it's very hard to pinpoint, but roughly if I could just do it in terms of X to 2X to 3X, I would 
say if the car typical passenger vehicle exhaust system is at X, a commercial system exhaust 
could be somewhere between 3X to 4X. In the case of something like a vehicle like a tractor, 
currently there is no exhaust aftertreatment, right? At some point when you add all of the 
particulate filter, SCR systems, and oxy-cats and so on, it can even go from X to 10X, right? 
So it's hard to pinpoint a specific CPV, content per vehicle. but needless to say it could be a 
factor of 3X to 4X and all the way up to 10X. Some of the real low volume applications like 
construction equipment can be even like 10 to 15X because they really need very, very strong 
aftertreatment etcetera. So some of our aftertreatment systems are very small and I'll come to 
the second question in a second and some of the others for commercial vehicles and construction 
equipment are very, very intense in terms of also the kind of substrates and platinum, palladium, 
rhodium loading that they carry, they can be very, very significant. 
To answer your second question, I think it's a very good question. Obviously, between diesel 
and petrol, you know that diesel requires a higher aftertreatment because of higher NOx and 
particulate matter, so you need a diesel particulate filter, you need an SCR system, sometimes 
you need EGR systems and so on. 
So the hot end of diesel versus the hot end of petrol is a bit different, which means diesel has a 
higher content of hot end versus petrol. But now increasingly with gas direct injections on petrol 
engines, what's happening is they are forced to implement a particulate filter because the amount 
of particulates that come out of a gas direct injection, although it lowers your CO2 for CAFÉ 
purposes, it also increases the particulate matter and therefore petrol engines also are starting to 
have higher content starting 2027. 
I think mid of 2027 is when the CAFE norms come out, right? So that shows you the difference 
between diesel and petrol. Talking about CNG and hybrid, for all of these, CNG, hybrid, they 
will need exhaust system. In fact, we don't think in terms of content there'll be any reduction or 
loss of content. In fact, for hybrid vehicles, because what happens is one is the aftertreatment, 
but you are essentially trying to improve the emissions performance and also manage sound in 
a very, very small space. 
So hybrid vehicles actually can have the effect of taking our content from X to 1.5 to even 2X 
because now you might have to add an adaptive valve or some sort of an acoustic valve to 
manage the sound transition as the vehicle goes from an electric to a ICE mode, right? 
So all of these now unless if it's full EV, anything less than full EV and that's a great question 
also because remember that the markets in the US and Europe are sliding back from an EV to 
more of a compromise, right? They're going more to more of a what I would call a hybrid or a 
range extender solution. 
And even in markets like China, you're seeing some signs that hybrid and let's call it compromise 
solutions between ICE and an EV are starting to take shape. For all of these compromise 
solutions, anything from a traditional ICE petrol, diesel engine all the way up to just short of a 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 10 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
full EV, our Tenneco Clean Air business has a lot of potential in terms of content per vehicle. 
That's the summary. 
Ravi: 
Got it, right. And secondly, on the new suspension plant, is it for the new, are you adding new 
OEM for it or maybe it is for the existing clients? And what kind of suspension are you going to 
make? Is these for the conventional one or are you going to manufacture semi-active or maybe 
the higher ones? How is it to think about it? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. So first of all, you know I'll just give you, just a overall summary, right? So for about 60, 
70 years, India's only had one tuning, right? Which means one tuning fits all. So whether you're 
in a highway or in an uneven road or in a speed bump or a pothole, you only get one tuning. And 
that's been the case for 90% plus of the vehicles, even today, even today if you go out, most 
vehicles have the traditional shock absorber that for whatever reason never got premiumized. 
I mean, cars moved to SUVs, but the premiumization of SUVs never happened, right? But that's 
changing dramatically. And this is where Tenneco comes in, right? So we are now able to go to 
more frequency dependent damping, where depending on the road forces, we're able to use 
valves very creatively and hydraulics to control the flow of hydraulics in a way that will have 
non-linear damping, which means not one size fits all but different tuning depending on how the 
road conditions are, right? 
So that's what DaVinci does. DaVinci has these shim stacks like wafers and aluminium discs on 
either side of a piston that will selectively allow hydraulics to flow in and out. And so depending 
on whether you're in a rough road or a pothole or a speed bump, which I guess in India, it's these 
are quite common, the vehicle responds very differently. 
And that's, you know, well documented on the Mahindra 7XO, it's again don't take my word for 
it, you can check it on YouTube, on Instagram, I mean there's hundreds of influencers that have 
said wonderful things about this product. So for me, I look at this DaVinci DCx let us call it the 
ultimate mechanical suspension that is also affordable that will cover all the mid up to the 
premium range, maybe up to INR35 lakh MSRP. 
But anything above that, INR35 lakh onwards, will be a candidate for the CVSA, which is the 
semi-active control valve suspension, which has electronics and software which is, which takes 
you the remaining 10% of the way. So in terms of comfort, the DaVinci takes you about 90%, 
85%, 90% of the way with a small delta cost and the CVSA with electronics and software takes 
you all the way, maybe up to 98% in terms of comfort, right? So that's how we sort of segmented 
these products. So each product represents a different level of disruption at a different price 
segment. Does that answer your question? 
Ravi: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Yeah, that's all from my side. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Radha Agarwal with Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 11 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Radha Agarwal: 
Yeah, hello sir, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly on the exports front, as per the 
agreement with the Tenneco parent company, can we export only to Tenneco Group entities or 
can we also export direct customers overseas as well? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. So we have a very good arrangement with our Tenneco Group entities. So we are not there 
to compete with each other. In fact, we look at us, Tenneco India, as supporting Tenneco Europe 
and supporting Tenneco US for them to become more competitive. So we are quite happy to 
supply them child parts or sub-assemblies or even finished goods depending on what their needs 
are. 
So we work in partnership with our Tenneco sister divisions. For example, there might be also 
customers and segments that the Tenneco group is not targeting and that happens, right? 
Sometimes they're focused on a specific segment and they're not interested in a certain other 
segment because of cost or profit reasons. 
But we, Tenneco India, for us it works a lot better because our labour cost advantage over let's 
say a Tenneco Europe is much better, much stronger, so we are able to directly then with their 
permission, talk to the OEM directly and say, hey, here we are, we are competitive, this is the 
selling price and we can we can actually win business with their permission. 
So we work very closely. We have very good regular cadence of export opportunities both from 
a third party OEM perspective as well as inter-company sales where we'll be selling child parts, 
sub-assemblies and even finished goods depending on what the needs are. So we're very flexible. 
I think flexibility is key and we come at this as partnership rather than direct competition. 
Radha Agarwal: 
Understood. Secondly, you know on the suspensions business, you are not present in the two-
wheeler. So I wanted to understand are there any plans to enter into this segment or do you think 
that this is a comparatively a low margin business hence you want to remain on the PV? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah, Radha, good question. So I think if I understood your question is like are you going to 
expand suspension beyond four wheelers, right? 
Radha Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. And the margin for two-wheeler suspension versus four-wheeler. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. So obviously, we are you know, we are a high margin company. You see from our 
EBITDA numbers, 18.8, these are pretty nice numbers for automotive sector. So we want 
growth, right? We do want growth, but growth has to be profitable growth. We so we're not 
going to directly jump at any opportunity that comes our way just because we are not at a certain 
in a certain segment or in a certain at a certain customer. So sometimes we have deliberately 
avoided in the past for example Clean Air, we've deliberately avoided two-wheelers or three-
wheeler, you know, auto rickshaws and so on purely because it doesn't give us the right margin 
potential for us, right? 
But having said that, we want to enter segments and markets and new customers using 
technology as our differentiation. And that's been the key, right? So we want to be able to, if we 
do enter let's say the two-wheeler market for Clean Air or for suspension, it will be something 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 12 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
that brings something unique to that segment. So we don't have to play a commodity price game 
because we're not that kind of a player, we are an MNC, right? 
So we want to play in a in a segment where the customer is looking for some level of disruption, 
like you're seeing in the passenger vehicle for shock absorbers, right? So we're going to be very 
careful and meticulous about where we enter. We don't want to be, you know, once trying to 
cover all of the segments like two-wheelers, three-wheelers just because it's there. 
We will be very careful in where we invest. Again, we are not just looking at organic but also 
looking at inorganic, we said during our pre-IPO and during our IPO and post that as well that 
we will be looking at M&A as well as other strategies to get into areas which also give us a good 
shot at good margins, yeah? I hope that answers your question, Radha. 
Radha Agarwal: 
Yes sir, sure. Sir, last question if I may. The DRHP mentions that via localization, you want to 
increase your presence in CVs as this is a relatively underpenetrated category. So are you talking 
about the Clean Air divisions here and can you please elaborate a further on this point? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: So sorry, Radha, I missed Can you just repeat the question again? I heard something about 
localization. Can you finish the sentence again, please? 
Radha Agarwal: 
Yes, sir. So there is a statement in the DRHP that mentions that via localization, the company 
wants to increase the presence in CVs because this is a relatively underpenetrated category. So 
is it fair to understand that you are talking about the Clean Air divisions here and or you know, 
just wanted to you to elaborate a further on this point? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Okay, so I still wasn't clear, but I think I understand your question. So look, localization is a very 
key element of our strategy, right? One is the new technology, of course, we have the luxury of 
several thousand patents that we have globally between the US, Europe and so on, so we're able 
to bring those patents to India and apply it in the Indian context, whether it's engine or vehicle 
architecture, and we're able to sell those to the our Indian India-based OEMs. 
But localization is very important because that's where our profit margins come from. So we 
have on both the Clean Air, the shock absorber side, which is the ART, as well as Powertrain 
side, we do want to make sure that we are localized as much as possible, even with some of the 
critical components like for example pistons for shock absorbers, right? Those would be key 
localization strategies that we would pursue. 
Currently, our localization is about 89%, 90% level, and we want to keep that. Now, obviously 
with new technology initially, we might be importing some of the sub-components and child 
parts from our sister divisions or some other suppliers, but we will make sure that we are 
consistent with our, you know, 90% localization strategy in the long term. 
It may not happen the very next year, it will take some time, but new technologies once they 
start, you know, post germination, once they become established, the idea is to make sure that 
we slowly creep up to that 90% level of localization. So yes, the answer is yes, we want to 
localize as a key strategy for maintaining and sustaining our profits. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 13 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Radha Agarwal: 
Sir, actually it is mentioned that localization because CVs are relatively underpenetrated. So 
here for CVs, are we talking about the Clean Air CVs or the suspension CVs? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah, so here when we say CVs, that that would be for Clean Air, yes. It wouldn't be for 
suspension because typically suspensions are for passenger vehicles only, although there is, you 
could argue that there is a demand for you know, DaVinci type suspension for cab dampers and 
you know, axle dampers and so on. But I think what you're referring to here and what that DRHP 
refers to is commercial vehicle for Clean Air Clean Air product. 
Radha Agarwal: 
Understood sir. Thank you sir, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vipul Agrawal with HSBC Bank. Please 
go ahead. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Yeah, hi sir. Thanks for taking my question. So first question is on the margins part of the 
business. On the standalone margins, like it has improved by almost 200 bps, that's mostly from 
your Clean Air business despite the Clean Air business has, I would say, has a kind of lagged 
from the overall industry growth, like industry CV industry has grown by around 18%, but CV 
business had grown by around 10%, 11%. So maybe can you help us understand what are the 
key drivers for the margin expansion over here? Is it like seasonal or is it sustainable on quarter-
on-quarter basis? How should we look at it? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: So, Vipul, first of all, good to see you, hear from you, Vipul. So you're talking about Clean Air 
growth or Clean Air margins? 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Clean Air margins and growth both basically. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: So I'll kind of summarize and Mahender, you can add a little bit, yeah? So I think look, our Clean 
Air story, if you remember from I guess the IPO and subsequent quarters, right? Clean Air 
business for us is a high margin business, but we are not present in the number one PV OEM in 
India today, right? 
So that automatically eliminates us from you know, two and a half million vehicles here, you 
could say. But that changes, right? In 2028, we have already secured entry into the supplier panel 
for this largest PV OEM in India, due to CAFE norms with a Gasoline Particulate Filter. So 
we're hoping that once we enter the panel, our growth will increase quite a bit, and we'll be able 
to do so with equal or better margins simply because it is a high-tech product, right? It's a new 
technology product, right? 
Now, in terms of Clean Air growth year-over-year, you might argue that it's a bit tepid, but that's 
mainly because we've had some, you know, within OEM mix and between OEM mix issues. So 
we have not really lost any share of business versus the competition. What has happened is that 
within certain OEMs where we had strong market share, they have sold more of their lower-end 
SUVs versus the higher-end SUVs. 
And in between OEMs, for example, there's a European OEM where they sold more electric 
vehicles rather than more ICE vehicles. So it's just a combination of factors where the mix has 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 14 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
changed at the vehicle level. So nothing has changed for us, right? We have not lost any 
competitive share versus some of our key adversaries or competitors, but overall the growth has 
been along the market, along with market volumes, minus the fact that we are not present in a 
certain passenger vehicle OEM. 
And again, things like the GST benefit, which favoured this particular OEM, we were not part 
of, right? But that changes in the future, so ’27, ‘28 onwards, ‘29 onwards, we do participate in 
this OEM. The other good news, right? The good news for Clean Air is that the addressable 
market, if you look at CAFÉ 3 and BS7, the addressable market is as much as 1,300 to 1,400 
crores of additional content per vehicle. 
So that's something that we're going to target and obviously, it's all, even our competitors will 
target that. But that tells you that there's a lot of runway still left in terms of content per vehicle 
for CAFÉ 3 and BS7. The other one is our export order book for Clean Air is coming to be very 
strong, it's also very profitable. 
So the combination of higher export order book and the fact that the margins are better is helping 
us. So that's the growth story. In terms of margins, maybe Mahender can add more flavour to 
this, yeah. Thanks. 
Mahender Chhabra: 
Thanks. So hi Vipul. So Vipul, like I mentioned in my opening comments, so if we look at we 
have built we have built more resilient, efficient and scalable organization with the help of the 
unique operating model that we have, P3, which is People, Pride and Performance. 
And this P3 operating model runs across the BUs, be it Clean Air Powertrain or Advanced Ride 
Technology. And it really helps us how do we run our plants, how do we drive the efficiencies, 
how do we do the execution on the ground. 
And by leveraging this framework, we are driving the continuous improvement across safety, 
quality and the cost. So yes, so our margins are kind of, are the result of the unique operating 
model that we have and hence we see improvement in the margins and we also expect these 
margins to remain stable. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: And just more, one more to add, Vipul, you know, if you remember during, you know, the road 
shows that we did and also all the meetings we've had about, you know, why is Tenneco a high 
margin company, right? And how is it that we have such a high return on capital employed, 
right? We have this operating model that we have over many, many years has become very 
standardized and modularized. 
We are so flexible that any of our lines, let's take a Clean Air line, right? Any of our high speed 
canning lines can make multiple products. So I can make today in the same plant on the on one 
line, I can make a passenger vehicle exhaust system or I can make a stationary gen-set or a gen-
set exhaust system or I can make something for commercial truck, right? 
And the other flexibility is I can have multiple plants run the same product. So the flexibility is 
so unique and everything is so standardized, you know, the Lego brick model that I mentioned 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 15 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
in the past as well. So Lego brick means you only have a few degrees of freedom and because 
of that, that gives us a unique competitive advantage. 
So we can run the individual Lego bricks of a system at very high capacity utilization and 
therefore it helps our ROCE but also helps our margin because now we're not deploying 
additional resources to validate individual parts, right? Everything is already pre-validated. All 
you're doing it like Lego, you're putting it together, forming a system and then you're giving it 
to the customer that's already pre-validated. 
So the time to market is faster, the cost of that product is less, the margins are better, and of 
course, the capital efficiency is the highest. So this kind of model is what, is one of the reasons 
why we're able to perform at such high capital efficiency and also high margins. So I hope I 
answered the question in terms of the how the Clean Air business is growing and also how the 
margins are moving in the in the future, including the exports, yeah? Thanks. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
That was really helpful, sir. Just second question is on the suspension demand, like in the 1.5-
liter category, one of the mainstream OEM has launched a model with your suspension and it is 
gaining quite a traction and there's one more OEM coming next year. So are you seeing like this 
is competitive edge, which it gives a competitive edge to the OEMs? So do you see other OEMs 
are also approaching you faster than anticipated or what kind of ramp up or maybe a scaling up 
of the passive plus suspension you expecting in 1.5-liter category? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Okay, so first of all, suspensions typically don't go with engine displacements, right? So they go 
with vehicle architecture and vehicle gross vehicle weight. So you would have a different 
suspension for cars versus SUVs, right? 
Now, specific to your question on, you know, how things are going with DaVinci DCx, the what 
we call, at least we believe the world's best mechanical suspension that's also affordable and 
many, also again don't take our word for it, OEMs have talked about it. The traction is so good 
that we have three to four OEMs that are already interested in our product. And this covers other 
Indian OEMs, Japanese and also Korean OEMs they're all interested in our product, and also 
European OEMs. 
So this product will find its way and we think our wish is to make this standard across the entire 
SUV range from a mid to let's call it the premium segment. You know that the India's market 
size for passenger vehicles is about five, five and a half million. So we are hopefully targeting 
somewhere about 50% of that to be able to disrupt. And like I said, the OEM interest has been 
very, very significant. And also purely because there's a lot of media buzz around it. There's, 
you know, social media buzz. Everybody's talking about it and the feedback is has been fantastic.  
And so I think that's what we're trying to capitalize on and of course, the new plant that we're 
setting up in West India is to also try and manage all of this additional volume, the volume 
growth with new technology but also just the basic commodity legacy product that's also 
growing with the growing Indian market. So we've got a double growth happening at the same 
time and that's why we think that business is going to grow pretty exponentially in the coming 
three to five years. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 16 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Vipul Agrawal: 
Thank you, thank you for the detailed answer. Just one last question if I can squeeze in. I'll try 
my luck over here. So maybe what is the price increase an OEM will have to take or a structural 
change they may they might need to take while graduating from a passive OEM, passive 
suspension to a passive plus or your FDD suspension? 
Like is it a major change they need to make in their chassis and overall system, or just maybe a 
simple facelift can also have your passive plus suspension? I'm just trying to understand for that 
if a OEM wants to upgrade its model to a passive plus suspension, does it really a very tough 
thing for them to do come up with a new platform or it can be done in the same existing platform 
as well with minor changes? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. I think as long as they stay within the realm of mechanical suspension, I think the let's call 
it the envelope that's given to us, we are able to package the shock absorber damper etcetera, 
into the packaging environment that's given to us. So all the way from a conventional suspension 
to a frequency dependent damping all the way to let's say the DaVinci which is the upgrade, the 
next level of that, we are able to package it relatively and that's why I'm saying, right? 
This the beauty of the DaVinci, you know, the frequency dependent damping and the DaVinci, 
the shim stack, is that we respect the packaging environment. The delta cost is less from an 
upgrade standpoint. And the comfort level is significantly more, right? You're paying a lot less 
for a significant amount of additional comfort, right? 
The problem happens when you have to go into electronics and software because it's not about 
the packaging environment, it's about routing, you know, wiring harnesses and cables, you know, 
you need ECUs, you need to now connect that to a central ECU, so that requires additional 
cabling and additional validation etcetera, right? 
So that's why the cost delta going from a conventional to a let's call it the frequency dependent 
damping to the then to the electronics and software enabled suspension, that last prong delta is 
much higher because the packaging environment and the routing of the cables etcetera is could 
be challenged. 
Vipul Agrawal: 
Thank you, thanks a lot for the detailed answer. That was really helpful. That's all from my side. 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Thank you, Vipul. 
Moderator: 
The last question comes from the line of Pramod Amthe with InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. So the first question is with regard to exports, since it's a 
new business which is scaling up big time. How are you looking at the currency depreciation, 
does it stand in your books, will it be passed on to the parent? How are the contracts constructed 
for you? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Well, hi Pramod. Thanks for your question. I think look, currency depreciation is actually a boon 
for India. It's bad in one sense because you have to import parts that might be more expensive, 
but like I said if you remember in one of my earlier answers, we're already pretty highly localized 
at a 89%, 90% level, we said that in our, you know, our IPO deck as well. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 17 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
I think a depreciation of the rupee can also be a blessing in disguise. It makes our products more 
competitive, so I can actually lower my selling price and be able to export and be more 
competitive to a European OEM or a US OEM, right? So I look at it as something that benefits 
us. Our products become more competitive. And so I think the India Inc story which is the India 
as India for the world from an export standpoint. 
So the India Inc story when the auto sector and specifically for Tenneco as the export hub for 
the world and also an export hub back for Tenneco, becomes more competitive. So I think that's 
the way I look at it. Mahender if you want to add something you're welcome, but I think I only 
see an overall benefit. We don't know where this currency is going to finally land and taper off, 
but I see this as an immediate 15% to 20% improvement in our ability to compete in the global 
market. 
Mahender Chhabra: 
That's right, Arvind. So if we look at the current status, the way the rupee is, I think we are in an 
advantageous position as we realize more INR in terms of whatever we are exporting. 
Pramod Amthe: 
I appreciate that for the future orders, but orders which you have disclosed now in terms order 
book, where does the currency as you deliver sits in your books or will it go to the customer or 
to the parent? 
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. So look for all of these things, right? Even the Middle East situation, right? We have direct 
material and indirect material. So the direct material like, you know, steel, stainless steel, carbon 
steel, we have a clear escalator agreement with the OEMs. So every quarter the prices are 
updated to the new commodity level, right? 
So there we're fully covered. Indirect is where there is an issue, right? Because you got freight 
costs because of the Middle East war, you've got this currency issue, you've got, you know, cost 
of plastics and rubber that have gone up, then you have LPG, CNG, crude oil. So what we're 
doing is what other auto suppliers are also doing, right? So we are collating, putting, bundling 
all of these costs together and in many cases we're going back to customers and seeking 
recoveries. 
At the same time we are also trying to, and again recoveries for all of these categories including 
currency, and we're also at the same time trying to cut our costs, working on SG&A, we are 
trying to also improve our factory efficiencies through ideation, the P3 model that that Mahender 
talked about. But also for example, running equipment off of peak usage times. 
So there are a lot of things that we are doing to try and also mitigate some of these costs. But 
yes, sometimes these do make for tough discussions with customers because a lot of these are 
not caused by us, right? These are all external factors and we have to get recovery for that.  
Pramod Amthe: 
And the second question is with regard to CAFE 3 which will come for passenger vehicles next 
year. What type of changes you are been requested to do in aftertreatment and how does it if you 
can technically walk us through and what's the content per vehicle it can swing in for you guys? 
Purely for cars or SUVs. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 18 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Arvind Chandrasekharan: Yeah. So CAFE 3 is about CO2, right? So which means, and there are a few ways to reduce 
CO2, right? One is to do light-weighting. So if, the lighter your vehicle, the lighter your parts, 
the less CO2 your vehicle generates. So OEMs often come to us and say, hey, as part of running 
change or for this next platform, can you reduce weight? Can you look at different kinds of 
materials? Can we do something together? And we do that a lot with OEMs. 
We work with them to try and reduce the actual physical weight of the exhaust system because 
you can imagine the exhaust system all the way from exhaust manifold to the muffler can 
become very, very heavy. So that's one area. 
The other one is, and again by the way, if you don't meet CAFE 3, the penalties are quite high 
for because for every gram per kilometre of CO2 you exceed, you have to multiply that with a 
the entire fleet. So it's a fleet level penalty, so OEMs don't want to get into that, right? 
Now, diesel vehicles already have a CAFE advantage because diesel vehicles generate 30% less 
CO2 than an equivalent petrol vehicle, right? So the issue mostly for CAFE 3 in terms of meeting 
the CO2 targets is with petrol or gasoline vehicles, right? 
Now, the problem is you can reduce your CO2 with gas direct injection versus multi-port 
injection. So when you get into gas direct injection, you can you can reduce your CO2 
significantly and if you combine that with turbocharging, your CO2 goes even lower. But the 
side effect of that is increased particulate matter, which means you have to add Gasoline 
Particulate Filter in the exhaust system. 
So the hot end content for petrol goes up but the CO2 goes down, right? So I think for us as a as 
Tenneco Clean Air, one of our advantages is that we are able to be very flexible. So depending 
on the kind of vehicle engine displacement, the vehicle architecture and the purpose that it's used 
for, whether it's a passenger vehicle, commercial truck or whatever, at least now speaking here 
in terms of passenger vehicles, we're able to offer different solutions in terms of aftertreatment.  
So I think for us the content goes up from somewhere from X to 1.5, X to 1.3 to 1.5X. That gives 
us additional content, and we typically say that's another 300 crores to 400 crores addressable 
market for CAFE and the BS7 for us is another 1,000 or so. So about 1,300 crores to 1,400 crores 
addressable market we can go after in the next three to five years. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure. Thanks, thanks for the detailed answer. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Sharma, Head Investor Relations for the 
closing remarks. 
Himanshu Sharma: 
Thank you, Aldrich. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your continued interest in our 
company. We appreciate your time and participation and look forward to speaking with you 
again next quarter. Thank you and have a good evening. 

Tenneco Clean Air India Limited 
June 03, 2026 
Page 19 of 19 
 
General Business - Tenneco Confidential
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Tenneco Clean Air India Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
