VISHAL MEGA MART LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Vishal Mega Mart Private Limited) 
Corporate & Regd. Office: 5th Floor, Platinum Tower, Plot No. 184   
Udyog Vihar, Phase – 1, Gurugram, Haryana-122016, India. 
Phone: +91-124-4980000 Fax: +91-124-4980001  
Email: secretarial@vishalwholesale.co.in, Website: www.aboutvishal.com 
   CIN: L51909HR2018PLC073282 
 
Date: May 19, 2026 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: VMM 
To  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
Scrip Code: 544307 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on results of the Company for the quarter 
and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript 
of Earnings Conference Call on results of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended 
March 31, 2026, held on Friday, May 15, 2026. The copy of transcript is also available on the 
Company’s website at https://aboutvishal.com/. 
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
_______________________ 
Rahul Luthra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No: F9588 
 
Encl: As above 
 
RAHUL 
LUTHRA
Digitally signed 
by RAHUL 
LUTHRA 
Date: 2026.05.19 
13:31:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
Q4 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
E&OE: This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording 
uploaded on the stock exchange on May 15, 2026, will prevail. 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GUNENDER KAPUR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VISHAL MEGA MART 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VISHAL MEGA MART LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Vishal Mega Mart Limited Q4 and FY'26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Shikha Puri from SGA. Thank you, and over to you, 
ma'am. 
Shikha Puri: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us on Vishal Mega Mart Limited's Q4 
FY '26 and FY '26 Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Gunender Kapur, MD and CEO; Mr. 
Amit Gupta, CFO. 
 
I hope everyone got an opportunity to go through our financial results and investor presentation 
uploaded on the company's website and Stock Exchanges. We will begin the call with opening 
remarks from the management, following which we will have the forum open for question-and-
answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call would be 
forward-looking in nature, and the disclaimer to this result has been included in the earnings 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to hand over to Mr. Gunender Kapur, MD and CEO, to give his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Very good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. A warm welcome to our earnings call. I will very 
briefly take you through the quarter 4 and full year performance and some highlights, and then 
we will maximize the time for Q&A. 
 
Firstly, I'll start with quarter 4. In quarter 4, our revenue from operations was INR 3,114 crores. 
This was a growth of 22.2% over the previous year quarter 4. Our same-store sales growth for 
quarter 4 was 13.2%. The operating EBITDA in the quarter was INR 275 crores, which was a 
growth of 32.3% over last year. 
 
And our adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.8% vis-a-vis 8.2% of last year. The profit after tax was 
INR 168 crores, which is a 45.9% growth over last year, and the PAT margin was 5.4% vis-a-
vis 4.5% of the last year quarter 4. 
 
I will now quickly shift gears to full year '26 highlights. In full year '26, the company did revenue 
from operations of INR 12,906 crores. This was a growth of 20.4% over last year. Our same-
store sales growth was 11% for the full year. Operating EBITDA for full year was INR 1,321 
crores, which is a growth of 27.8% over last year, and the adjusted EBITDA margin was 10.2% 
vis-a-vis 9.6% of last year. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
The profit after tax number was INR 839 crores, which is a 32.8% growth over last year, and the 
PAT margin was 6.5% vis-a-vis 5.9% in last year. Our store expansion strategy remains firmly 
on track. We opened 25 stores during quarter 4 and 105 stores during the full year. In full year 
'26, we added 77 new cities to our network, in line with our agenda of deeper penetration into 
India. This takes the total store count to 795 as of March '26, and we are now present in 535 
cities across the country. 
 
Of the 105 stores that we added last year, 47 new stores were opened in South India, which is 
the states of Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. We added 5 new stores in Gujarat and 3 
new stores in Maharashtra during the year. This is consistent with our growth strategy that we 
had outlined earlier. We have now 13 small format stores, 3 were opened in quarter 4 of FY '26, 
and the small format store agenda is progressing quite well. 
 
Our trading area now stands -- at the end of March stood at 1.34 crores square feet. Our private 
brands contribute 74.1% to our revenue in full year '26, which is a 100-bps improvement year-
on-year. Two of our private brands are now INR 1,000 crores plus in revenue, and another 6 
private brands are INR 500 crores plus in revenue. 
 
Our category mix was on similar lines. Our quick commerce operation expanded to 745 stores 
across 505 cities in the country, and our registered users on quick commerce grew to 1.3 crores 
people. 
 
We look ahead at full year '27 with excitement. We wish to be a strong contributor to India's 
growing consumption story. India's emerging retail landscape offers exciting and evolving 
opportunities across offline and digital commerce. With our extensive network and strong 
fundamentals, we are very well positioned to participate in these. We are specifically monitoring 
the macro environment very closely and the evolving geopolitical developments, and navigating 
the situation with agility. 
With this, I will close my opening statement, and we can now progress to the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Two questions. First on the SSSG bit and a couple of subparts to that. The first one is what drove 
the acceleration in this quarter, GK? Was there some bit of prebuying that you see given the 
concern around the geopolitical situation or anything specific, because this was a number which 
was quite strong in the last several quarters? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Vivek, our SSSG in the quarter was indeed very encouraging. One, we saw a general uptick in 
consumption, which was not entirely unexpected. If you would recall, in the last quarter also we 
had said that we are optimistic that the impact of the income tax rationalization and the reduction 
in GST rates would be positive for consumption. And indeed, that started playing out. So that 
was heartening to see. I must also mention that we have invested more in the quarter, as you 
would see, in growth. So, it was the cumulative impact of both these factors, Vivek. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. And GK, with the level of inflation and the price hikes that we are seeing across different 
industries, what would be your outlook for FY27? Because my hunch is that with inflation going 
to impact more, leaving aside the volume part, and I would love to know your views on volume 
side, but do you think SSSG will stay at an elevated level until -- at least for the first half or the 
next few quarters? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, Vivek, I'll give you my generic view and then specific to Vishal. As you know, the petrol 
and diesel prices have gone up overnight by INR 3. And while that is the case, it's very difficult 
to speculate on the macro and specifically the West Asia situation. And therefore, it's very 
difficult to model as to how will that pan out in the coming months. 
Having said that, our business, in difficult inflation and demand situations, in the past has 
continued to perform and outperform. And the reason for that is that 75% (This is an approximate 
number, actual number is 74.1%) of our revenue is now from private brands. And that gives us 
an ability to cushion our customers and consumers from the impact of very serious inflation. So, 
it will be our endeavour to ensure that we continue to provide that cushion to our consumers and 
customers. And at the same time, be more efficient and productive in terms of cost to be able to 
sustain that objective. So, at this stage, whilst it's very difficult to speculate, we remain optimistic 
and positive about this year also. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Okay. And one last bit, which was incidentally on your own label. What would be your thought 
process on the pricing? So, let's say, the leader brands are taking up prices. Will you maintain a 
bit of discount to those, or you will say that in these times, you should actually go through price 
hikes, and maybe the discount with the leader brands actually goes up, because that's where you 
will end up having more volume? So how are you thinking about this aspect? And that's my last 
question. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Yes. Vivek, our discount vis-a-vis the market leaders on private brands will at least remain the 
same. That will be our endeavour. So currently, if there is a price discount of 40% vis-a-vis the 
leader brand, even if we have to tinker with pricing, we will ensure that the discount will at least 
be 40%, and if possible, obviously, it will be our endeavour to make it more. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. Wish you and your team all the best. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you very much, Vivek. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jignesh Kamani with Nippon Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Congratulations for another good set of numbers. Just on the apparel side, so when you discuss 
with your vendor, what kind of price hike they are asking currently increase in the current 
environment? And second thing, if you just want to understand the past, like in 2021, '22, when 
cotton price rallied from, say, INR 40,000/KT to around INR 1 lakh/KT, what kind of price 
increase we have witnessed and how you tackled it in terms of a price hike and any impact on 
SSSG or gross margin? What was witnessed in the past? Just some colour on that, so we can 
understand it much better how you handled it? 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Gunender Kapur: 
Sure. So firstly, we did not see any significant -- of course, there was minor here and there, but 
there wasn't any significant input price increase in the beginning of April, because there was 
pipeline stock everywhere. But towards the end of April and more specifically in May, we are 
seeing an inflation in the input prices, obviously, specifically in all petroleum derivative products 
and so on. So that's happening now.  
And my feeling is that it's just about reaching the consumers and customers, as we speak, in 
several cases. So, I suppose the full impact of the West Asia crisis will play out in the balance 
period of May and more in June. That's why we've not seen any impact on demand so far. 
Now on your second question, you're absolutely right. We had seen significant cotton inflation 
at the time of Ukraine war. At that point in time, we had actually taken a slight beating on the 
margin, but we had cushioned our customers and consumers to a very, very large extent. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
So then, large part you absorbed it and consumer was protected, right, on the price hike? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Yes. And we had implemented several cost initiatives. And I can just give 1 or 2 which come to 
my mind. For example, from our formal shirts, I think we had removed all the poly bags, they 
came packed in polybags, except for the white shirts, which continued to be in the polybags. Our 
apparel used to travel in cartons. Instead of cartons, we had started using gunny bags for our 
apparel.  
Another example which comes to my mind is footwear, where we had started shipping shoes 
without the outer carton, and the shoes were basically tied at the laces during transit. Another 
initiative which comes to my head is when you cut a roll of fabric, we had started using 
extensively computer-aided design, so that we reduced the wastage in that process. And there 
would be a few others. 
So, if we are faced with inflation, which is significant, we would be undertaking these and more 
cost initiatives also. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
And this helped us to maintain the strong same-store sales momentum? 
Amit Gupta: 
So Jignesh, just to add, in fact, all these initiatives helped us to maintain the consumer prices 
and we got the benefit in terms of very strong same-store sales growth. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yes, understood. So once the inflation stabilizes, say, maybe six months, nine months down the 
line, you see healthy SSSG and footfall growth, because then consumer will start rewarding you 
by the time, because they compare to others as to kind of price hike while you are much more 
fairer. So, have you seen the post stabilization of inflation, healthy growth in the footfall or the 
SSSG in past? 
Gunender Kapur: 
We are hoping for that, Jignesh. That's clear -- and we are optimistic. Yes. So yes, absolutely. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham with HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Nihal Jham: 
Good afternoon, GK and Amit. Congratulations on the strong performance. Two questions. The 
first one was again on inflation. So, three parts here. At least -- I've prima facie understood, 
looking at the ASP of it, would it be fair to say that a big share of your RM[Inaudible 0:17:47]. 
Second is, if I'm looking at our FY '21 gross margins, as you just called out that you had taken 
the hit, I don't see much of an impact versus FY '20. So, was it that the cost-saving initiatives 
sort of negated the cotton hike? And if you could just say that what is the kind of price hike that 
your vendors are sort of telling you in April and May that you just mentioned? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, we had actually succeeded in largely mitigating the impact of inflation in that period from 
what I recall. And we had also possibly taken some minor price adjustments, but not on the 
opening price points, in the high fashion price points. But I'm leaning on my memory right now 
in saying that. At this point in time, the inflation that we are seeing is clearly on the petroleum 
derivatives. So, plastics, polyester, the inputs which go into detergents, detergent powders and 
so on and so forth. 
So, it is clearly correlated with crude pricing in that sense. And plastic pricing, as you know, is 
announced every day or every other day by the largest manufacturer in the market. And that is 
inflationary at the moment, understandably so because of the increase in crude prices. So, these 
are the areas where we've already started experiencing inflation. Now with the current -- or 
today's increase in petrol and diesel pricing, we have yet to see the impact. 
Nihal Jham: 
So very quickly, what would be the polyester contribution in our apparel mix? 
Gunender Kapur: 
It's relatively smaller. I don't think it's the majority, but I don't have the number right now, 
although I can get it for you. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure. I'll check that separately. Second question was, most of our stores, as the data reports also, 
are coming in Tier 3 and beyond cities. Different apparel retailers are sort of having different 
strategy. You seem to be sort of working to more increase the count of cities and going deeper. 
Just wanted to understand what is sort of the productivity and the unit economics that you're sort 
of facing in these cities versus the current average that you're operating? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, it is consistent with what the rest of the network is delivering. Specifically, I can confirm to 
you that the small format stores, which are going deeper, they are delivering the same level of 
store EBITDA. And their revenue per square foot, not the absolute, per square foot is also similar 
to our stores in larger towns. And finally, our return on capital employed is also similar. So that 
is the outcome which is giving us confidence to progress faster with this initiative. And you 
would see we've opened several stores in the last quarter, and we would continue to open. 
Even in terms of expansion, our outcomes in Kerala and in Gujarat and Maharashtra have been 
similar to the rest of the network. Obviously, in Gujarat and Maharashtra, as I mentioned earlier, 
we have fine-tuned our format a little bit to account for the fact that the expenses and rentals 
could be higher. But at this moment, with the limited 6 stores that we have in Gujarat and 6 we 
have in Maharashtra, we are achieving similar outcomes. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My first question is on your non-apparel private label 
business. So, things like FMCG, general merchandise, etcetera. Now what we see in inflationary 
times is that FMCG companies do not pass on the full price increase to the customers, and their 
gross margin actually gets impacted to a material extent. They try and cushion the impact by 
cutting ad spend. EBITDA margin is impacted to a lesser extent. 
So, my question is, in this kind of a scenario where national brands are sort of taking a hit on 
their gross margins, how easy or difficult it is for you to maintain your gross margins on those 
private label products? Because if you try to maintain the gross margin, then your discount will 
sort of go down versus these brands. So just some clarity on how you approach this FMCG and 
general merchandise private label business in such periods? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Yes, good to see you, Percy. I can once again confirm that at the very least, we will maintain our 
discount over the market leader brands, the third-party brands. And I'm saying at the very least, 
because our endeavour would be not to stop there, because the challenge of inflation that we are 
going to face and have started facing, our customers and consumers also face exactly the same 
challenge. So, it is not any easier for them than it is for us. So, we are very, very clear that our 
level of discount will at least remain the same. 
We also have a few levers to pull. And I gave a few examples, Percy, early in the call. But for 
example, we have our own promotions in terms of multi-buys and so on and so forth. So, we 
also take a look at our promotions and see whether this is the right time to encourage our 
customers to buy more than one piece and instead should we not pass on the pricing on one piece 
itself, so that more people can afford to buy it. So, we also do all that stuff. So, I can confirm 
that our discount will remain at least the same vis-a-vis third-party brands. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And on apparel, what is the price elasticity there? So, what I'm trying to say is that if you, let's 
say, take a 5% increase in the pricing of your apparel, does the total sales growth also increase 
by 5%? Does it not increase at all because there is an equivalent volume backlash, etc.? So, what 
is the equation there in terms of impact on total sales growth of apparel on the basis of price 
increase? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, Percy, what we do not do is that if we have to take a 5% price increase, we do not, in an 
Excel sheet, apply 5% on all the price points, that we do not do. We would never tinker with the 
opening price points and the lower price points in these difficult times, because those are the 
customers who are the most vulnerable in inflationary situations. 
 
Equally, we would be slightly more relaxed about the higher or very high fashion price points, 
because those are not commoditized. Hopefully, our level of fashionability and quality would 
be able to absorb a slightly greater or at least 5% growth. So yes, we would not apply it uniformly 
across all the price points. We would also not apply it uniformly across all merchandise 
categories in apparel. So, it is done in as thoughtful a fashion as we can do it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
That I understood, GK. All I'm asking is, are price increases incremental, neutral, or decremental 
to the total sales growth of the apparel portion? 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Gunender Kapur: 
Our endeavour is always to keep them neutral, because, as I mentioned, on the high fashion, 
high price points, the price elasticity of demand is lesser, i.e., a price increase does not 
immediately and automatically lead to lesser volume. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And lastly, on dividend, what is your policy now, because you are generating -- even after capex, 
you are generating a free cash flow of about 70%, 75% of net profit. You have a significant cash 
balance also now, and you will keep generating this kind of cash flow in the future also. Till 
now, I think you have not given any significant dividend. Do you plan anything for the next 
year? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So Percy, your observation is absolutely valid. We have a very healthy balance sheet with a 
significant amount of cash, which, as you can see, we are deploying for all growth initiatives. 
But to comment on this, I will have to rely on my Board, because I cannot express any view 
independent of the Board, on this matter. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Michael Sell with Alquity. 
Michael Sell: 
Thank you for taking my question. It's in two parts. Firstly, if we see a weaker rural economy 
this year due to poor monsoons, do you think, based on your experience, that will have any 
impact on you? And secondly, congratulations on a very strong same-store sales number. Do 
you think you are also gaining share from other value retailers such as V2, V-Mart, etc.? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, thank you very much. In the current situation, I would say that the reason for weaker global 
economy, if it is entirely because of the higher crude prices, we would certainly see an impact 
in our country, because we are dependent, as far as our energy needs are concerned, on imports. 
So higher crude prices, any depreciation in our currency will certainly fuel inflation and could 
impact the demand as well. 
 
Now, we believe that our performance would not get impacted in the same proportion, because 
75% (This is an approximate number, actual number is 74.1%) of our revenue is coming from 
private brands, which, let's say in the case of food and grocery would be 30% to 50% cheaper 
than the third-party brands and the market leaders. 
 
Now what we have seen in the past is that in these difficult situations, we get more footfall in 
our stores, because people are struggling to make ends meet and consequently if they can buy 
everything 30% to 50% cheaper with a guaranteed quality from our side. 
That option becomes really very attractive for them, because then they can continue to consume 
all the categories that they were consuming earlier and which they cannot afford to consume 
right now. So that has been the experience of the past, which is why I'm quite committed to 
ensuring that in this situation our discounts vis-a-vis the national third-party brands remain at 
least the same.  
And I'm quite confident that we will experience the same phenomenon, which can be loosely 
called down-trading and we will be the beneficiaries of that. On your second question of same-
store sales growth of the 11% number that we have reported for last year, let me share the key 
components of that and then share with you my hypothesis of market share gain.  

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
So of that 11%, 7% has come because of new customers and new transactions in our store. 2% 
has come because our existing customers have bought more number of things. And the balance 
2% has come because our customers have bought a higher price point. So therefore, there's been 
premiumization, but that's our endeavour every day of the year to upgrade people to higher price 
points. Now the fact that 7% of 11% has come from new customers makes me believe that we 
are gaining market share. 
Michael Sell: 
Thank you, sir. And just one follow-up. You have been very clear on the economic environment 
impact. If there was a poor harvest, would the answer be the same or do you have any greater 
sensitivity to that? 
Gunender Kapur: 
I would believe that we would have greater sensitivity to that, because that is going to directly 
impact the incomes of mass market consumers, well to the extent that they are dependent on 
agriculture. Now I must say that whilst it will have an impact on incomes, the contribution of 
agriculture to our economy has been coming down over the years. And at this point in time, the 
numbers suggest that it won't be so significant so as to create any significant impact on our 
business. 
Michael Sell: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shrinarayan Mishra from Baroda BNP 
Paribas Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
Thanks. My first question is on the stores that have not been considered for SSG calculation 
because, of course, there are 15 months and other criteria we don't include those stores in SSG. 
If you can qualitatively comment on how the performance has been in these stores and related 
to that, how are we performing in newer geographies? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Okay. So firstly, we take 15 months criteria only to make it comparable. 
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
I completely understand it. I just wanted a flavour on how this segment is doing, newer segment, 
sir? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, our new store performance is totally in line with how we had performed earlier with the new 
stores. And the 53 out of 105 stores or maybe slightly more are coming from states where we 
already have a lot of presence. So, states like UP, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, MP, 
and so on. We already have stores in all these places, and we've had a very good experience so 
that continues. 
I think your second question is more important for us that how are we performing in the newer 
states that we have gone to. So, I would confirm to you that Kerala has been better than average 
and Gujarat and Maharashtra have been totally consistent with our performance nationally for 
the network. And lastly, the small format stores which we are opening are performing on a per 
square foot basis, not on an absolute basis, because obviously, they are smaller, the same as the 
large format stores. And that's why we are now opening more and more. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
Okay. And sir, because of the macroeconomic problems that we are facing, will expansion in 
newer geographies take a back seat for a while or you will continue with your plans? 
Gunender Kapur: 
We will continue. We will not slow down our expansion at all because we are very excited about 
the long-term consumption story in this country and it is our hope and belief that these issues 
are not permanent in nature and they will go away. When is what we don't know. 
Shrinarayan Mishra: 
Okay. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Ikigai Asset. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi, very good afternoon, GK and Amit. Sir, just 2 questions. Firstly, just to extend the earlier 
question on new store openings. During such times when industry will obviously face some 
difficulty in terms of expansion further to manage their own balance sheet, I'm talking about 
independent stores, local chains in areas where you operate. 
Is it time to further step up the new store increase for Vishal Mega Mart? Do you think this is a 
market share gain opportunity, because a lot of things will actually play out, as you have 
explained earlier in terms of higher footfall. So, what is the thought on that for the next 12 to 18 
months? That's one question. 
And secondly, on rental, we're still seeing a decent amount of operating leverage playing out. 
The SSG growth is higher than rental inflation, what the number you report. Does this continue 
ahead? And if Amit can clarify that fourth quarter, the rental number at INR 160 crores, it looks 
a bit lower on a Y-o-Y basis. Is that the right comparison? Those are my questions. Thank you. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, thank you very much. Your first question is very interesting. By the way, my thought 
process is quite aligned with yours. So, if practically possible, we would try very hard to open 
more number of new stores. And just to give you some background to what I'm saying, we did 
not stop opening stores during COVID. 
In fact, I think, to the best of my memory, the most severe COVID period also, we opened 1 or 
2 stores that month, new stores. So, I'm emotionally totally aligned with what you said. That will 
be our goal. I will request Amit to answer the second one. Amit, all yours. 
Amit Gupta: 
Sure. Rahul, the right comparison is to see the full year basis and there the rent cost has gone up 
in line with the inflation and the new store opening. The quarter 4 number of last year is not 
comparable, because that has an impact of certain leases which got renewed in quarter 4 of last 
year. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. Actually, the question was more structural in terms of, does this operating leverage also 
continue ahead where we are seeing higher SSSGs and lower rental increase in your numbers? 
Amit Gupta: 
That should continue for a simple reason is that these are long-term leases and our contractual 
arrangement is about 15% increase every 3 years, which translates into, let's say, 5% every year. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
And if we continue to have strong double-digit same-store sales growth, that should result into 
an operating leverage. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
All right. That’s very clear. Thank you so much and wish you all the luck for fiscal '27. 
Amit Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir. First question is with regards to the availability of the 
products. While we understand that there has been significant inflation, but some demand checks 
suggest that the availability of the material has been a challenge. So have you faced any 
challenge in terms of your general merchandise products and also in terms of materials required 
for store openings, because tiles players, etcetera, even those are facing issues. 
Gunender Kapur: 
I'll tell you, we faced a few challenges, but they did not result in any paralytic inaction from the 
industry. These challenges were firstly because of the gas availability, the commercial gas 
availability. And therefore, there are several small-scale factories which were struggling and so 
on and so forth. 
Secondly, again, the more small and medium-scale industries faced challenges because of labor 
availability. There was an exodus of labor from the urban manufacturing centers, probably 
because of the elections in Bengal, and maybe there were some other reasons around sowing or 
harvesting. Now that is still getting sorted out. The labor is coming back, but I can't confirm that 
almost everyone has come back as yet. 
So, we were facing these 2 issues very specifically on the vendor side, but they are getting better 
and better. In fact, the vendors have shifted to other energy forms, many of them, in the last 3, 
4, 5 weeks. And as we look ahead, we will find more of the vendors moving in that direction. 
But it is not a situation where we are not supplying to our consumers and customers. 
Gaurav Jogani: 
Sure. And sir, another question is with regards to the Karnataka region specifically. If I 
remember it right, last time you have highlighted that you had done some tweaking in terms of 
the store area, specifically in Bangalore area. So, if you can highlight that has been done entirely? 
And what the changes have helped you in improving the productivity or the desired results that 
you are seeking? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, I'm very happy to confirm that it's been done entirely. The impact of that, Amit will spend a 
few minutes in sharing. 
Amit Gupta: 
Yes. Gaurav, so as GK confirmed, we have actually reduced store area in quite a number of 
stores. And a result of that, our PSF in Karnataka region has further gone up. Yes, so that has 
been done and taken care, and it's in line with the national average. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Videesha Sheth: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just two small ones. So, the first one was on the GM 
compression that we've seen in the fourth quarter. Now while I understand that it would probably 
be due to higher intensity of promotional activities, but wanted to get your perspective as to what 
drives this intensity of promotion? Is it that you're seeing latent demand and accordingly, you 
take decisive calls in order to accelerate market share gain? Or is it more of a reactionary decision 
due to higher competitive intensity? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, I'll tell you, the most dominant reason was the fact that we were entering spring/summer. 
And typically, in the quarters before our biggest season, we try and get rid of as much old stock 
as we can, so that the inventory in the store is entirely fresh merchandise, which sells at full 
value. So, we did do that in quarter 4, so that we have a great spring/summer, which is April, 
May, June season. 
 
And this is specifically relevant for clothing business, which is our biggest business. And the 
second, of course, is that, as I mentioned earlier, we saw an uptick in consumption, and we were 
quite determined to maximize our share of that growth. And therefore, we increased the 
promotion intensity. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Noted. So, my second question was also related to this. When I look at the efficiency of the 
inventory days, that the overall working capital cycle has become much more efficient. So, is 
this pertaining to the liquidation undertaken? Or should we assume that this working capital 
cycle is here to sustain? 
Amit Gupta: 
Videesha, this is by and large same as last year. So that's the level at which we would like to 
operate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal with Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Congratulations. Sir, we are investing more in the apparel category, both in terms of promotions 
as well as a celebrity-based marketing campaign, which itself is a bit differentiated from a value 
space perspective. I wanted to understand if these investments are need of the hour to sort of 
continue with our existing growth, maybe in light of increased competitive intensity? Or are we 
trying to improve our growth rate either with focus on premiumization or by gaining new 
customers for this category? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, it is all of what you mentioned. But firstly, I would like to share with you something which 
is interesting. Our new campaign has now been seen 1.6 billion times on Instagram, which makes 
it among top 10 campaigns on Instagram ever. And there are 300 million-plus unique viewers 
of our total population, which is on Instagram, which would be less than 1 billion, I suppose. So, 
it has done extremely well. 1.6 billion views is a record. So people are loving our advertising. 
 
And I can confirm to you that we will continue to invest behind our brands, both to get new 
consumers and customers, specifically to get new consumers and more younger customers, 
because we are very relevant for them, and also to improve and increase the aspirational quotient 
of a brand. So, these initiatives will continue into the future also. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, just a small follow-up here. So obviously, congratulations on the strong traction for the 
campaign. Is this also sort of converting into higher footfalls for you as of now? And subpart to 
it is, have we also worked on improving the fashionability of the product, right? So obviously, 
marketing has gained strong traction, but have we also improved our products, made them more 
fashionable, etc? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Again, I would like to confirm to you that it is absolutely true. On your fashionability point, I 
can share with you -- see, firstly, you've seen that we have achieved a very strong growth in 
quarter 4 of 13.2%, which has been very nice. While it's impossible to attribute it arithmetically 
to any one thing, but of course, our advertising has played a very important role in driving 
growth. 
 
Secondly, I can share with you something arithmetically, which is that in quarter 4, our entry 
price point merchandise grew at 11.1% same-store sales growth, our mid-price apparel 
merchandise grew at 13.6% same-store sales growth, and our fashionable price point, which is 
typically the highest 2 or 3 price points, grew at 14.7%. 
 
So the fastest growth that we achieved, both in quarter 4 and for the full year, was in the fashion 
segment in terms of same-store sales growth. Obviously, this was a consequence of our 
merchandise becoming more fashionable and our advertising supporting that endeavour. So we 
are achieving the highest growth. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sure, sir. Sir, just last bit from my end. So cash flows have been pretty robust. Aside of dividend 
and faster network rollout, which you have already commented upon, I wanted to check your 
thoughts on leveraging the balance sheet to add more categories. As we currently cater to only 
about 50% of the overall Indian retail market, so what's your thought on this will be helpful? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Good. So firstly, adding more categories to the existing stores, which are legacy stores, is a bit 
difficult because we are growing at more than 10% every year even in the legacy stores. And as 
you know, majority of our growth is volume-led. So, the volume that the legacy stores are 
handling is already such that we will have to keep looking at options to continue that growth for 
the existing categories. So, inserting any new categories in the legacy stores is going to be a 
challenge. 
 
But I can confirm that we are looking at, if there is an opportunity for some different formats, 
which will help us get to more consumers and customers in the country. It's at a very early stage, 
so I would not be able to provide any colour to that, but I can assure you that that's very, very 
active. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Would this be a larger format than the existing format? Or how are you planning here, sir? 
Gunender Kapur: 
We are looking at all opportunities. And yes, I mean, I won't be able to confirm any specific 
outcome that this exercise may have, because it's all work in progress, consumer research, and 
that kind of stuff. So, let's see how it pans out. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay, sir. All the best for this new venture. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Securities. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Congratulations on strong set of numbers. Just wanted to understand how is the growth rate in 
stores which are more than 5 years old versus stores which have opened recently? What could 
be the SSSG in these 2 categories of stores? 
Gunender Kapur: 
It is similar, Prerna. So, all legacy stores in our network are growing at double digit. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood. And sir, given the heightened competitive intensity coming in apparel 
segment due to aggressive expansion in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, either through e-commerce or 
through the value fashion players who are going aggressive, what is the price elasticity -- pricing 
strategy that you can take over to combat the inflation pressure in this category? 
Gunender Kapur: 
So, our pricing is totally consumer-led. As you know, for fast fashion, which is our dominant 
business, the consumers are young people. And we will always ensure that our merchandise is 
priced in such a way that it is affordable for young people. And it is also affordable for them to 
look fashionable and slightly different every day. So that is how the pricing gets determined. 
In our understanding and experience, the demand damage can happen more at the opening and 
lower price points if one were to take a price increase. The higher and the more fashionable price 
points are not that commoditized. And therefore, our experience has been that there is no demand 
damage or significantly lower demand damage at the very high fashion price points if one were 
to take a reasonable price increase. Of course, if you were to be totally unreasonable in your 
price increases, it will get damaged across the board. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And sir, last question on supplier price increases. Hello? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Yes. Yes, please go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
So, suppliers of apparel, what kind of price increases they are asking in the light of current 
challenges, including raw material prices and other input cost increases? 
Gunender Kapur: 
Yes, they are facing challenges. The suppliers are facing challenges. I can confirm that thus far, 
we were doing all right because of the pipeline stock. I can give you a general range of what we 
are experiencing as of today. So, the fabric prices are going up at about 10% to 11%. And yes, 
that is what we are experiencing every day now, at this moment. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood sir. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Gunender Kapur: 
Well, thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. I truly appreciate the fact that all of you 
congratulated us. We are very, very happy and pleased about that specifically on the call. And 
we totally stay committed to our agenda of making aspirations affordable. The coming months 
and quarters could be challenging. I don't know. 

 
 
Vishal Mega Mart Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
But as I mentioned during our discussion that we actually do quite nicely in these challenging 
times, because our 75% (This is an approximate number, actual number is 74.1%) of revenue is 
from our private brands, which, as I mentioned, give us an ability to cushion our customers more 
from the damaging impact of inflation. 
And just as an example, our private brands in FMCG will work very, very hard to ensure that all 
customers who come to our store can still afford to buy all the categories that they were 
consuming before the onslaught of the inflationary pressure, which we could face. So, we stay 
very, very committed to that. Thank you very much for your time, and we really appreciate your 
support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Vishal Mega Mart Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
