 
 
May 21, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 532799 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: HUBTOWN 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
Sub: Transcript of Investors / Analysts (Participants) Meet held on May 20, 2026 – Q4 & FY26 
 
We refer to our intimation dated May 15, 2026 informing about the Investors’ / Analysts’ 
(Participants) meeting  hosted by the Company on May 20, 2026. 
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company conducted Investors’ / Analysts’ (Participants) 
meeting on May 20, 2026 to discuss the Q4 & FY26 Investor Presentation. The transcript of the 
aforesaid meeting has been enclosed herewith as Annexure I. 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hubtown Limited 
 
Shivil Kapoor 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem. No. - F11865 
 
Shivil 
Kapoor
Digitally signed by Shivil Kapoor 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=8199, 
pseudonym=122838f66b074d4eb8e2197183a76326, 
2.5.4.20=b6c070d9decbe8b863d9f49eca102614d8e265ca0ba97
9136021d93850f15cfe, postalCode=452010, st=Madhya 
Pradesh, 
serialNumber=6afa6af25e9d505d6a82ca6a633c67c10d3248bb6
506ab4dfa9e96737f5f7015, cn=Shivil Kapoor 
Date: 2026.05.21 20:51:38 +05'30'

Annexure I 
 
 
TRANSCRIPT 
 
HUBTOWN LIMITED 
 
Q4 FY 2026 ANALYST MEET 
 
MAY 20, 2026 
 
VENUE-JIO CONVENTION HALL, BKC, MUMBAI 
 
****************************************************************** 
 
Moderator: 
 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you. On behalf of Hubtown Limited, I am your 
host, Namrata, and it is my absolute pleasure to welcome you all to the broker 
analyst meet for Q4 and FY26 for Hubtown Limited. Once again, thank you so 
much for taking time from your precious schedule to be with us for this event. 
 
Alright, let us now begin with the introduction of the management team. We 
have with us today: Mr. Vyomesh Shah, Managing Director and Co-Founder of 
Hubtown Ltd. Next, we also have with us Mr. Rushank Shah and Mr. Khilen Shah, 
Promoters of Hubtown Ltd.  
 
Once again, a very warm welcome to all our dignitaries here. Thank you so much 
for joining us today.  
 
Alright, now allow me to introduce the company we are here for today. 
 
Hubtown Limited was incorporated in 1989 and is now a leading Indian real 
estate developer, delivering across premium residential and commercial projects, 
with projects covering the entire spectrum of real estate development, including 
residential, commercial, IT, industrial, and infrastructure.  
 
Moving ahead, I would now request Mr. Vyomesh Shah, Managing Director and 
Co-Founder, to give his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
 
 
 
 

 
Opening Remarks – Mr. Vyomesh Shah 
 
Thank you very much, all of you. It's a pleasure to have you all again here for 
the investors meet. We last time met and then there is further progress and your 
results are out. So we thought that it's the right time for us to again meet you all, 
make you understand all our company's future plans or whatever we are doing 
till now and also get a feedback from you all on a way forward. 
 
I would now request Rushank to start with the presentation on the company.  
 
Presentation by Rushank Shah and Khilen Shah:  
 
Again, good afternoon from us here at Hubtown. Thank you everyone for 
coming. So it's just for everyone, who is new here, we will spend very little time 
on the introduction of Hubtown and then we will take it from there. 
 
So just very quickly, we are going to go over the company, like I said, in brief, 
and then we'll spend a little bit more time on the pro forma performances and 
the key ongoing and forthcoming projects, after which we are happy to talk to 
everybody as well on an individual basis. 
 
For whoever is new here, we have been in the same business of real estate for 
35 years. We have already delivered more than 47 projects, primarily in MMR. 
And then within MMR, we have done residential, commercial, retail, and a 
variety of things. So everything that real estate holds, we have currently 350 
acres in reserves with more than 35 million square foot as it says on the 
presentation.  
 
And we have one of the few developers left in Bombay that do all aspects of 
real estate from land clearance to sale. And then, you know, using those abilities, 
obviously we have key relationships both on the customer side, the financial side, 
and then the approval side as well.  
 
We have a presence across multiple segments, like I said, from offices to 
residential, industrial, infrastructure, and then as a number, say, these are the 
ongoing and upcoming projects in those spaces. We started primarily, we were 
the first company to do slum redevelopment, and then we have used that land, 
so urban universe scheme is one, slum development obviously continues to 
happen, public-private partnerships both with the government of Maharashtra as 
well as the municipal corporation in Bombay, and then within that we have 
luxury, affordable housing, and multiple avenues of using FSI. 
 

One of the earlier commitments made after the last preferential round in 2024 
was that we would undertake a merger of the promoter held entities and we are 
happy to announce that we have progressed well on that front. 
 
Two of our mergers, which is the merger of one of the companies holding the 
stake in our Ghatkopar project, Rising City, and the company holding the stake 
in the Bandra project called 25 West, those have been approved by NCLT and 
the merger process is well underway. 
 
On the third merger which contains our Prabhadevi project and portion of the 
Mahalakshmi project is also underway and we are expecting the exchange 
approvals shortly.  
 
So there is a significant movement since the last investors meet as well on this 
front. In terms of the project pipeline, we are focused on delivering the existing 
land bank that we have and monetizing the existing land bank that we have 
 
This year, we have already, in fact, announced in the earlier presentations that 
we would be launching further phases of our 25 West Bandra project, our 
Chembur project, our Ghatkopar project, and a fifth tower in our Mahalakshmi 
project as well. 
 
And finally, we have a very disciplined approach to the balance sheet and we 
have consistently sought to reduce the old debt, which we are doing successfully 
through project launches and monetizations. Of course, we are also picking up 
new debt to ensure that the new launches that we are doing are not impacted. 
 
In terms of the merger summary, as I said, two of the mergers have been 
approved by the stock exchanges and NCLT, and the third merger, which is with 
respect to our 25 South and 25 Downtown, is under stock exchange approval 
process. 
 
In terms of the key mergers, you would probably be aware from the previous 
presentations that it is three of the projects holding the largest kind of residential 
luxury holding within South Bombay and Bandra, which is the three projects.  
 
The projects are well underway and have sales and construction commenced. In 
fact, 25 South is expected to be delivered this year. And in terms of 25 West, 
first tower is expected to be delivered next year. 
 
In terms of Rising City, the first phase, which is about 6.5 lakh square feet, that 
project 5 out of 6 towers have received the OC in this year as well which 
happened since our last investors meet and the 6th tower is expected to get the 
OC within calendar year 26 and so all the projects are well underway and will 
add significant value to the company.  

 
In terms of the ongoing projects as you can understand the larger the focus is 
really on the luxury side of things with 25 series of projects and the Chembur 
project and the Andheri project and on commercial we have four projects 
ongoing which is Pune, Ahmedabad, Mehsana and Baroda.  
 
The presentation of course is available online for everybody to see the detailed 
numbers and we will obviously be taking Q&A as well.  
 
As you can also see, all of these projects except for 25 Downtown and 25 West 
are in a very, very advanced stage of completion. And we expect that 
significant number of these projects, the revenues which we recognize on the 
basis of project completion and handover to the customers will be done in this 
year. 
 
So, for example, 25 South, Hubtown Seasons Phase 1, Rising City Phase 1, 
Hubtown Premier, and the three Gujarat projects, a substantial amount of 
revenue is expected to be recognized within this year itself. Just the larger 
figures over here, between the existing projects, we have approximately 11,300 
crores of unrecognized revenue from the sales which are already booked. 
 
In terms of the launch pipeline, there are substantial and significant projects that 
we are expected to launch this year itself. So, for example, we have our 25 
Series 2 projects which we expect to launch in this year, which is 25 Vistas, which 
is our residential project in Thane, and 25 Estates, which is our weekend homes 
project, which is in Khalapur. 
 
Furthermore, we have Hubtown Seasons Phase 2, which is the largest residential 
project in terms of the apartment size in Chembur, which is expected to be 
launched also very shortly. And we are also expected to launch some portion of 
Rising City Phase 2, which is our Ghatkopar project this year. 
 
In terms of debt, as I explained earlier, we have worked significantly to reduce 
the debt from the peak debt and maintain a disciplined balance sheet. The slight 
uptick that we have expected this year is on account of two projects that we are 
launching, which is Seasons, which is our Chembur project phase 2, and 25 
Estates, which is our second homes project, for which we have taken project 
funding to ensure that those projects experience seamless execution and 
delivery. 
 
In terms of the debt split between the listed company and the companies that 
are getting merged, primarily the listed companies which I have provided earlier 
and the companies which are expected to be merged, which is primarily 25 
Downtown and 25 South, which hold the debt, but they also add significant value 

as well. So between the two, we expect that with 25 South completion this year, 
the 4,000 number will also come down substantially. 
 
In terms of key operational highlights for the year 26 and we have sold 
approximately 1 million square foot of area primarily in Mumbai and we have 
received approximately 4,400 crores of pre-sales and approximately 1,900 
crores of collections. 
 
In terms of the, just to give you a benchmark of how this had kind of gone in the 
previous years, we have obviously improved our pre-sales and we have also 
improved our collections compared to the previous years. And we expect that 
this trajectory will continue, especially on account of the completion of three of 
our major projects or phases within those two or three major projects. 
 
In terms of projects, of course, the 25 Downtown and the 25 series of projects 
are obviously the... are obviously the leading kind of benchmark numbers that 
we have, which is both in terms of collections and sales. But we also expect that 
the revenues which are coming in from revenue recognition from the other 
projects, like I said, which is on the basis of project completion, that will happen 
substantially from 25 South this year because we are expecting the completion 
and from our Chembur and Rising City project as well, which is the Chembur and 
Ghatkopar project as well. 
 
In terms of the debt, the primary debt is of course from the institutions and fund 
side, which is on our 25 South and 25 Downtown project. The rest are pretty 
much project funding from various local players. 
 
We will not focus too much on this slide because it involves a fair bit of numbers, 
but we will be happy to take questions on this. But suffice it to say that we've 
experienced a substantial increase in construction activity and project completion 
in this year, and that's where the majority of the monies have been gone. And 
we have also experienced a fair bit of outflow in terms of, obviously, the sales 
expenses because the sales have been good this year and also on the approval 
side. 
 
In terms of the projects, we can discuss this in detail, but this is all uploaded. So 
25 South, which most people will be aware of, which is practically 95% sold and 
expected to be completed this year. 25 Downtown, which has sold almost 1.1 
million square foot of carpet area. And we are expecting to continue that good 
sales across this year as well.  
 
And with the launch of the fifth tower in the project, 25 West, which is our 
Bandra project, sold approximately 1,40,000 square foot of area in the tower 
which is launched. It's a 6,000 square foot project and we are expecting to 
launch the other phases in this year also.  

 
Our largest project, which is our Mulund-Thane project, has not been launched. It 
is almost 2.5 crore square feet and we will expect to launch it at some point in 
the future. 
 
The other launch which we are expecting this year is our Hubtown Seasons 
Chembur project which is almost 500,000 square feet of launch which will be 
done this year which includes one strata sale commercial small office building, 
one luxury building and two mid-luxury buildings. 
 
In Rising City, we are expecting Phase 1 to be fully completed this year and 
Phase 2 to be launched partially this year. We expect that the entire sales in 
Phase 1 will also be completed along with the completion of the construction of 
the project. And we expect that the launch of Phase 2, which will be commercial 
offices, will also do well given that that market is doing extremely well right 
now. 
 
On that note, we will end and pause for any questions.  
 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for the presentation. Ladies and gentlemen, 
the floor is now open for questions. Thank you. You can raise your hands for your 
queries. 
 
Q&A Session 
Participant 1 (Kunal from CLSA) : Yeah, hi, this is Kunal from CLSA. Thanks for 
the presentation. Couple of questions. Firstly, on the cash flow side, right, if you 
can just help us understand the interest cost seemingly, or rather the financing 
cost, seemingly it looks a little higher compared to the debt that we have on a 
combined basis also. So just wanted to understand that. 
 
Company : On a pro forma basis, this is higher because when we settled with 
DLF, we had to provide for an interest payable to DLF on the Downtown's 
balance sheet, which was not provided for the last 3-4 years because of the 
disputes with DLF. And now with the settlement happening, that interest has been 
made provisionally.  
 
Participant 1 : And Shapurji is still here or Shapurji is also... 
 
Company : Yeah, both. But substantial amount was DLF. Shapurji's investment 
was very less.  
 
Participant 1 : Sure. And it's been taken care of now? Is there any incremental 
outflow one can expect?  

 
Company: A little bit. A little bit of yes, till the entire repayment is done.  
 
Participant 1: Sure, sure. And overall, right, just on the cost of borrowing per se, 
15%, is there any room for that getting refinanced to a lower level in next year 
or subsequent years? 
 
Company: All efforts are going on to refinance, but with last six months market 
conditions on that side, it's on a backburn. I mean, it's on a slower side. because 
of Iran-US war and all those things. But we are definitely working to reduce the 
interest cost drastically. It doesn't look in immediate future that happening till 
Middle East issue gets settled down.  
 
Participant 1: Okay, and also with the rate cycle now almost bottoming out, 
so...Would that be also a challenge for us?  
 
Company: I could not hear. With the rates now bottoming out practically.  
 
Company: Yeah. No, not that much.  
 
Participant 1: Sure, sure. Also in your opening remarks, you mentioned that, you 
know, with the completion of 25 South, we will see some cash unlocking and that 
4,000 crore debt can go down in 27. What is the quantum of, where do you see 
the debt at the end of FY27 in 25 South? 
 
Company: It's combined between 25 South and 25 Downtown. It's not only 25 
South. And most of the debt was taken not on 25 South, though it was combined. 
It was taken to take over the project of Downtown, where we had to make the 
payment to bank, make the payment to other partners and approval payments 
and all those things. So the major payment has gone there. But we should see at 
least 35% of the total debt going down by the end of this year. 
 
Participant 1: Okay, that's helpful. And the last question on the overall demand 
environment, right?  A lot has been said about like slowdown creeping in the 
industry. But, you know, our numbers suggest otherwise.  What is the sense you 
are getting on the demand side, especially for, say, super luxury products that 
we are selling currently?  
 
Company: I do not think, I look at demand in two ways primarily and we all 
do. The first most important thing is walk-ins. And when we've seen past 
slowdowns, we have seen a tremendous reduction in the number of people that 
are willing to come and make an inquiry. That actually hasn't changed at all. 
And once, and you know, as long as that doesn't change, then the transaction 
becomes a one on one, especially in an ultra luxury segment or in the ultra luxury 

market. And that's kind of what sets us apart because we almost every customer 
will know us personally. 
 
In fact, I would go one step further and say that if you look at our numbers and 
if you look at the number of ads that a 25 residences project has, nobody in 
Indian real estate has come close to what we have done, which is zero ads and 
5,000 crores of sale. 
 
And so that's the strength that the product has, that's the strength that the 
relationships we have built with our customer have. So I think if the walk-ins stop, 
if the inquiries stop, then you will have to kind of change that, but currently that 
doesn't seem to be the case at all. And so we have had pretty good inquiries 
and then therefore they have been closing in the normal methodologies.  
 
There's one more interesting thing. I mean, whenever there is a so-called 
downwards, there are at least three to four industries which are upward. And 
real estate is dependent upon all those upward industries wherever and 
whenever they are. If your product is very good, your product is marquee, then 
those products always have demand. 
 
 Like in Borivali, you have a product which sells at 50,000 or 60,000 rupees a 
square foot also in Borivali. And so...when you really create a product like 
downtown, 25 South, 25 West, 25 Vistas and also Rising City and Chembur who 
are the best in that location, then you are always dependent upon the cycle 
where the cycle has taken certain industry up. Like today defense is up, 
entertainment is up, all those sectors are up when others are down. So gold is up. 
 
Yesterday I was with somebody in one program and he told me that, he was a 
film producer, he said my movie before 15 years crossed 100 crores and there 
was a big news that it has crossed 100 crores. Today my three movies have 
crossed 100 crores and I am called a flop producer. So today the criteria has 
changed to 500 or 1000 crores. So people are making huge money. 100 crores 
is also not supposed to be a big number. 
 
With that kind of economy where it is going, if your product is right, real estate 
is like location, quality and amenities. If all three are right, then you will never 
see a cycle hitting you. Of course, you can't expect price to go up drastically, 
but the cycle will not hit you.  
 
Participant 1: One last question from my side.  
 
Company: Can we have others and then come back to you?  
 
Participant 1: Sure, sure, sure. 
 

Participant 2: Hi sir, I am Vaibhav from Axis. So my question would be, can you 
help me with the total GDV of the launch pipeline of our projects and launch 
projects and the pipeline projects that we have? If I remember correctly, as of 
our last analyst meet, it was around 28 to 30,000. And if I am seeing it right of 
presentation, it is showing that 14,000 of which has been sold. So is it correct to 
assume that half of it needs yet to be realized?  
 
Company: Are you talking about including forthcoming launches?  
 
Participant 2: Company: Yeah, so separately, like if you can for the launch 
projects and the pipeline in total, what would be?  
 
Company: So I don't know where you got that last number from, but the total 
including unlaunched and ongoing projects is in excess of one lakh crores. The 
simply two projects which is 25 downtown and Sunstream, those are respectively 
in the region of around 40 to 50 thousand crores each and the balance projects 
are the rest. So I'm not 100% sure why you've got that number. In terms of the 
launch projects other than Sunstream, the rest are kind of on the floor for the 
most part. So those would be in that 50 to 60 thousand crore. 
 
Participant 2: Got it. And any tentative timelines till when the four projects would 
be merged with? 
 
 So I kind of went over a little bit in the presentation. So this year we are 
expecting the launch of one more tower of our town project. We are also 
expecting the launch of our Chambur phase 2, our Ghatkopar phase 2 and our 
Thane project called 25 Vistas and of course our second home project called 25 
Estates. These are the projects that we're expecting with the launch this year. 
 
Participant 2: I wanted to ask more on the projects that are going to be merged 
with the parent company. When would that happen? Are there any tentative 
timelines for that?  
 
Company: So for 25 West, which is the Bandra project and the entity holding a 
stake in our Ghatkopar project, it will be this year itself. But for the South and 
Downtown project, I think we are awaiting exchange approval. 
 
Important point is that effective date of mergers are 1st April 2025. So 
irrespective of the statutory time which it takes, the merger will happen based on 
the data which was on 1st April 2025 and accordingly the parent company, 
what we are showing as a proforma, that proforma will be incorporated in the 
parent company. Those numbers will get incorporated without dilution. So 
because the numbers are, the mergers, all three mergers are with a vector from 
1-4-25.  
 

Participant 3: Thank you. Thank you for allowing me. Sir, last time when we met, 
there was an equity placement to be made at 341 price. Was it completed or it 
was cancelled?  
 
Company: That was cancelled.  
 
Participant 3: That was cancelled. So currently, how we are future plan for that 
fundraising?  
 
Company: Fundraising is an ongoing process. It's nothing to do with it. Last time 
when we were going for preference shares, we realized that the market is not 
supporting it. And when the market was not supporting it, we decided to 
postpone it. So as on today, we are in the process of looking at doing a QIP 
more than on a preference share basis. And we are working towards that. 
 
Participant 4: Sir, we are doing excellent projects and Chembur projects and all 
the projects, whichever is visible is topmost quality in Bombay. So while that 
considering type of the project we are doing, we are paying higher interest rate 
of 15%. So are there any plan to...roping or something new partners or 
something like that. So that this interest rate, which is a major hurdle or major 
profit taking entity in our balance sheet. So are there any ready for taking any 
merger or something like the new investor? 
 
Company: We are constantly working towards reducing the interest number. 
We are also aware of this as on today, but this was because of legacy. We 
could not reverse the legacy, including the legacy of taking over Downtown and 
25 South. So those are the numbers which are legacy-based, and we are aware 
of it, and we are working towards bringing down interest rate there. We are 
also working on various modes of bringing investors, and we are bringing 
partners. 
 
Participant 4: Thank you, sir. 
 
Company: Now we are having a construction finance at 25 West from ICICI at 
much lower rate of interest.  
 
Participant 4: What is the interest rate there?  
 
Company: 12%.  
 
Participant 4: 12%. It's good,  
 
Company: yeah. 12%. So we are working on that. I would say that we would 
have been a lot on the course, but for this Middle East crisis, Markets have taken 
a little slowdown on the debt side. So we are working towards that. 

 
Participant 4:  Sir, last year we had taken a blank this permission to raise the 
fund of 6,000 crore asset debt. So that has been raised or it's not raised for the 
various projects which is mentioned in that resolution?  
 
Company: No, no, no. We have not raised it. We are trying. We have not 
raised it as of yet.  
 
Company: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
 
Participant 5: Sorry, just on the target for FY27 in terms of pre-sales, what are 
we looking at? Because we have had a good year this and we have a series of 
launches lined up.  
 
Company: We have given a guidance of around 6,000 crores of pre-sales and 
3,000 crores of collection.  
 
Participant 5: And in terms of operating cash flow, where would be roughly?  
 
Company: Sorry?  
 
Participant 5: In terms of operating cash flow on a 6,000 crores?  
 
Company: We said 3,000 crores of collections and primarily most of the surplus 
will be utilized to repay the high cost debt. 
 
Moderator : Any more questions?  We have one at the back.  
 
Participant 6: Yeah. Hi, Nihar here from Millennium Finance. So can you throw 
some light on Sunstream City as it's the biggest asset right now in all the ongoing 
projects? So what will be the required capital and your financing options for the 
same project? 
 
Company: It's one of the largest land parcel of MMR region or Mumbai city, I 
can say that. It's 150 acres of land which is situated on a seafront at Thane and 
Mulund. And there are various permissions, environmental clearances which we 
have to take. We are in process of obtaining those environmental clearances 
which is the biggest hurdle because of the location, it's on seafront. 
 
We are hopeful of getting those clearances within next few months. Once that is 
there, then the planning of that as a beginning of the project will commence. 
We'll work on requirement and everything based on at that point of time once 
all the permissions are in place.  
 
Moderator : Any more questions, ladies and gentlemen? 

 
All right. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vyomesh Shah, Managing Director and Co-Founder, for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir.  
 
Closing Remarks 
 
Thank you very much for people who have really asked insightful questions, 
which has given us an opportunity to give you an answer to those queries, which 
gives more insight into our company, more insight into our working capabilities, 
more insight into how we operate. 
 
I can assure you that we have now built a robust company. It's so robust that 
cycles don't affect us now anymore. We are on a track to ensure that the debts 
remain under control. The cost of debts go on coming down gradually. Surpluses 
are diverted to repayment of loans first. The construction funding, which is at a 
much lower landing rate, is being organized now so that the construction funding 
starts coming in.  The projects don't suffer, projects don't stop even for a day. So 
all those steps have been taken. The company is now on a full throttle to deliver 
what we are promising and what we are projecting from time and again.  
 
I assure you that the returns to the shareholders and returns to all the 
stakeholders are will start coming up from 27 onwards. That's very clear. That's 
a roadmap which we have. Thank you again. Thank you all very much for being 
present here in such a large number, raising queries, showing interest in our 
company, and we all wish to meet you again after next results. Thank you very 
much. 
 
Moderator : Thank you, sir. Thank you so much for the closing remarks.  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Hubtown Limited, we sincerely thank you for 
joining us today and for your continued interest and support. This concludes 
today's broker and analyst meet for Q4 and FY26. Thank you once again. 
Please join us for tea, coffee, and snacks. Thank you. 
 
 
************************************************************************* 
