   
            
 
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2026-27/2621 
Date: May 12, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2026. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and with respect to our letter dated April 27, 2026 bearing           
Ref. No. AAVAS/SEC/2026-27/2489 please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call on the Financial and Operational performance of the Company for the Quarter 
and Financial Year ended March 31, 2026 held on Tuesday, May 05, 2026. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://www.aavas.in/investor-relations/investor-intimation.  
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
Date and time of occurrence of event/information: May 05, 2026 and Earnings Conference Call 
commenced at 05:30 P.M. (IST). 
 
Thanking You, 
  For AAVAS FINANCIERS LIMITED 
 
 
SAURABH SHARMA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
(ACS-60350) 
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: AAVAS   
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 541988 
SAURABH 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
SAURABH SHARMA 
Date: 2026.05.12 
12:48:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Aavas Financiers Limited 
Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 05, 2026 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Manu Singh – Managing Director* and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Mr. Ghanshyam Rawat – Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Ashutosh Atre – Chief Risk Officer  
 
Mr. Rakesh Shinde – Head of Investor Relations  
 
*Subject to RBI approval 
 
This document is a transcription of the conference call conducted on 05-May-2026. 
Click here to listen to the original audio 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is edited for factual errors and does not for imply to be 
verbatim recordings of the proceedings. The reader is also requested to refer to audio 
recordings of the call uploaded on the company website. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings will prevail. No part of this publication may be reproduced or 
transmitted in any form or by any means without prior written consent of Aavas 
Financiers Limited.  
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aavas Financiers Limited FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and expectations 
of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the lesson-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rakesh Shinde, Head, Investor Relations of Aavas 
Financiers Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Shinde: 
Thank you, Yusuf. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to all participants 
joining us today to discuss the financial and operating performance of Aavas Financiers 
Limited for Q4 and FY26, along with our outlook for the business. The results and the 
investor presentation have been uploaded to the Stock Exchanges and are also 
available on our website. I hope you have had a chance to review them. 
We have also uploaded Excel fact sheet containing historical data on our website for 
your easy reference. Joining me today is the entire management team of Aavas. We will 

 
 
begin this call with opening remarks from our CEO, Manu Singh; CFO, Ghanshyam 
Rawat; and CRO, Ashutosh Atre. This will be followed by a question-and-answer 
session. With that, let me now hand over the call to Manu. Over to you, Manu. 
Manu Singh: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you so much, Rakesh. Before I delve into the 
quarterly results, let me tell you that it's an absolute privilege to address you first time 
as the CEO of Aavas. I'm grateful to the Board and to the entire Aavas family for their 
trust and confidence. 
Myself, I bring over 25 years of experience in lending with track records of scaling lending 
businesses across both geographies and product suites. My experience spans across 
sourcing, credit, operations, collections and a deep exposure to operating in regulated 
environments with very strong focus on risk management, governance and execution 
discipline. 
Over the years, Aavas has built a very high-quality franchise, defined by prudent growth, 
disciplined risk management and a strong commitment to the communities we serve. 
This is evident in our consistently pristine asset quality, strong governance standards, 
rigorous compliance and best-in-class underwriting capabilities, particularly in the 
assessed income segment. 
As we step into the next phase of our growth journey, our priorities are very clear; to 
scale the franchise responsibly; enhance operating efficiency; and continue to deliver 
sustainable risk-adjusted returns. We will remain firmly anchored to a customer-first 
and credit-first philosophy and strengthen our core fundamentals in each market that 
we serve. 
We see a significant opportunity ahead in deepening our presence, improving per 
person productivity, driving profitable growth, all of this without compromising on asset 
quality or our governance standards. Me and my team are very optimistic about the 
opportunities ahead and look forward to working closely, engaging actively with all of 
you as we build the next chapter of Aavas' journey with two very important focal points, 
sharper execution and long-term value creation. 
Quickly coming to operations for Aavas for FY26. This is a year of landmarks and 
milestones. In the year, we saw a change of promoters, welcoming CVC Capital 
Partners, our balance sheet crossing Rs. 200 billion and our net worth crossing Rs. 50 
billion marks. We have expanded our reach to the southern markets, and our lifetime 
disbursements have crossed Rs.400 billion mark, enabling 4 lakh customers to have 
their dream Aavas, which is homeownership. 
Further, our credit rating outlook was upgraded to positive by ICRA and CARE both. All 
of these stand testament to the trust customers and stakeholders place on Aavas, and 
we know this fiduciary responsibility of continuing to deliver on the same quarter-on-
quarter.  
At a very macro level, FY26 has seen multiple structural enablers, including policy 
reforms, continued FDI liberalization and progress on trade agreements. The focus in 
Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets has also strengthened the ecosystem. Yes, the cumulative 125 
basis repo cut by RBI has improved affordability, creating strong tailwinds for the 
segment, which is affordable housing.  
From a business perspective, Q4 was encouraging. We disbursed Rs. 23.5 billion, 16% 
higher than same time last year and 36% growth Q-o-Q, which firmly reflects an 
improving operating rhythm of the business. 

 
 
Our AUM at the end of FY26 stood at Rs. 234.5 billion, registering a Y-o-Y growth of 15%, 
while disbursements for the year grew 11% at Rs. 67.8 billion. More importantly, our 
credit-first approach continues to benefit us with best-in-class asset quality. Our 1+ 
DPD has shown sharp improvement across geographies, resulting in a lower GNPA, 
almost tracking close to historical low levels of 1%. 
During the last quarter, we added 31 branches, bringing our total network to 435 
branches across 15 states. This is a testament to us progressively and continually 
investing in our business. This expansion was largely concentrated in focused growth 
markets such as Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, aimed at deepening our presence, 
improving the reach and driving incremental disbursement momentum in areas which 
have high potential. 
As we look ahead, our long-term strategic priorities remain firm and clear: to leverage 
our distribution network; to take advantage of years of developed local market 
knowledge, which our branches have; drive scale efficiently; optimize costs; enhance 
productivity; and start leveraging our digital platforms. 
With that preamble, I now take you through our quarterly performance. Our net profit for 
Q4 grew by 18% to Rs. 1.82 billion, led by a robust 17% Y-o-Y growth in NII on account 
of healthy improvement in our NIMs. Our net worth continues to compound, steadily 
growing at 16% Y-o-Y. Our NIMs expanded by 44 bps sequentially to 8.45% during the 
quarter. NIMs improved by 29 bps overall in FY26. This was supported by improvement 
in spread, coupled with our continuous focus on risk-adjusted pricing suiting our 
customer segments.  
Our asset quality remains pristine with 1+ DPD well below 4%, improving by 63 bps 
sequentially to 3.17% as of Mar-26, while GNPA improved by 14 bps Q-o-Q to 1.05%. 
Credit costs improved to 13 bps, driven by lower 1+ flow, and improved across buckets. 
We continue to maintain our guidance on keeping credit costs under check and below 
25 bps on a sustainable basis.  
Our ROA improved by 13 bps to 3.5% and ROE improved by 38 bps quarter-on-quarter 
to 14.67% in Q4. Together as a team, we remain focused on delivering quality, profitable 
growth, strong discipline, getting tech-led efficiencies into our business, while creating 
consistently long-term value for stakeholders. 
With that, ladies and gentlemen, I would now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Ghanshyam 
Rawat, to discuss the financials in detail with you. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: Thank you, Manu. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to our earnings call. 
First, to provide update on the borrowing. The improvement in cost of funds continued 
to underscore the strength and resilience of Aavas' well-diversified liability franchise. In 
line with our strategy of innovation in liability sourcing, we proactively anticipated the 
potential softening of interest rates and strategically shifted a sizable portion of our 
borrowing to EBLR-linked instruments and various market rate benchmarks. 
This forward-looking approach has continued to yield tangible benefits in FY26 as our 
liabilities are repriced faster than those of many peers, which led to contain overall 
borrowing cost. This position helps us well to maintain competitive cost of funds, while 
supporting sustainable long-term quality growth. During FY26, we also successfully 
secured commitment of ~Rs. 975 crores, USD 108 million, from a marquee 
multinational financial institution at a very competitive cost. 

 
 
This represents the largest NCD placement in the company's history and underscores 
our position as one of the leading players in affordable finance. It also reflects a strong 
external confidence in our measured quality-led growth strategy and the long-term 
vision of servicing in affordable housing space. The proceeds from this financing will be 
deployed to support affordable housing loans to EWS and LIG categories, promote 
women ownership, scale green-certified housing and expand our MSME lending in 
underserved regions, further strengthening our development-focused lending 
franchise. 
A well-diversified liability franchise linked to various benchmarks and competitive price; 
we were able to deliver 62 bps improvement in overall cost of funds for FY26. Our spread 
improved by 31 bps Y-o-Y to 5.20% in FY26. We continue to borrow judiciously, raising 
around Rs. 67.05 billion at a competitive rate of 7.61% for FY26. As on 31st March 2026, 
the outstanding borrowing stood at Rs. 204 billion. Our tenure borrowing continued to 
be longer than that of our total of assets, ensuring a positive ALM across all the buckets. 
We have an optimum mix of various benchmarks of interest rates such as 40% 
borrowing linked to external benchmarks such as repo, T-Bill, MIBOR and 33% linked to 
up to 3-month MCLR, enabling faster repricing of nearly 73% of our borrowing in line with 
the interest rate movements. We have successfully accessed a cost-effective fund-
raising avenue through the issuance of around Rs. 500 million of AAA-rated PTC first 
time in Aavas' history. Lender support remains strong as Aavas continues to evolve. We 
maintain access to diversified and cost-effective long-term funding. 
Our relationship with the financial institutions remains robust, supporting our strategic 
funding goals. As of 31st March 2026, we maintained ample liquidity, including cash and 
cash equivalents and unavailed cash credit limits of Rs. 19 billion, documented 
unavailed sanctions of Rs. 9.75 billion.  
Profitability and capital position: Net Total Income, NIM, in absolute terms, grew by 18% 
Y-o-Y in Q4FY26 and 18% in full year. Net interest margin, NIM, as a % of total assets 
expanded by 44 bps Q-o-Q to 8.45% in Q4FY26 and 29 bps in FY26. We remain well 
capitalized with a net worth of Rs. 50.5 billion with a capital to risk-weighted assets ratio 
of 44.6%, significantly above the regulatory requirement. Net profit for FY26 grew by 14% 
and net worth continued to grow at 16%. 
Now, I would like to hand over the line to our CRO, Ashutosh Atre, to discuss the assets 
quality. 
Ashutosh Atre: 
Thank you, Ghanshyamji. Good evening, everyone. I am pleased to share the key 
portfolio risk parameters with you.  
Asset quality and provisioning: Aavas is strongly positioned to continue delivering 
industry-leading asset quality. Our asset quality remains within the guided range with 1-
day past due well below 4% at 3.17% in FY26 versus 3.38% in FY25. And Gross Stage 3 
and Net Stage 3 improved to 1.05% and 0.68%, respectively. During the quarter, there 
was a reduction in absolute value of 1+ DPD and percentage, which improved by 63 bps 
and gross Stage 3 by 14 bps from December '25.  
From a geographical perspective, asset quality in our vintage states continued to remain 
healthy. The average 1+ DPD and GNPA stood well below 4% and 1.25% of AUM. 
Similarly, in our emerging markets, we are observing healthy credit performance with 1+ 
DPD and GNPA levels remaining comfortably within 4% and 1% of AUM, respectively. 

 
 
Our total ECL provisioning, including that for COVID-19 impact, as well as Resolution 
Framework 2.0, stood at Rs. 1.3 billion as of 31st of March 2026. Our disciplined 
underwriting standards, coupled with proactive risk management framework, have 
enabled us to stay ahead of emerging macroeconomic challenges. 
We continue to follow a rigorous credit assessment process; stress tested across 
multiple economic scenarios and remain selectively calibrated in our exposure to high-
risk segments. This approach has helped us preserve asset quality, which continues to 
rank among the best in the industry. With this, I open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, just two questions. One on the medium-term 
strategy. I do understand you might have spent only 10-15 days, but if you can just 
broadly guide us, how do you think about the sector's medium-term growth and where 
does Aavas stand in terms of growth the outlook? And maybe what is your aspirational 
growth target for FY27 and FY28? That's my first question, sir. 
Manu Singh: 
Thank you so much for that question. I'll take them separately. I'll take your second 
question first, which is long-term growth strategy. Our aspiration clearly is to 
consistently deliver 20%-plus AUM growth, largely to outperform industry. On your 
question of short- and medium-term growth, I think me and the team are very clearly 
focused on sharp execution of our already laid down strategies for growth. 
When I mean sharp execution, I mean the following which is: getting the product and 
customer suite along with its pricing right; second, looking at the channel composition 
today in the sourcing funnel and tweaking that for optimization. Third, we've invested in 
geographical expansion, and other than Rajasthan, getting the high potential states like 
Maharashtra, Gujarat, UP, Southern states quickly climb up to their potential because 
they are now well staffed; last but not the least, managing leakages, leakages in funnel, 
which is what do you source as login, sanction, disbursement, and is it weekly 
disciplined into an order which follows a particular pattern of percentages. All in all, 
sharper execution, resulting in consistency of performance and getting both product, 
channel and geographies into their right slots. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it. Now, just a follow-up on that. So where do you see ROE settling? I mean, 
execution obviously is also linked to yields, opex optimization, etc. From an exit 15% 
ROE, where do you see ROE also moving ahead? 
Manu Singh: 
So, as I mentioned on your second question, which is long-term growth strategy or if the 
question still pertains to the fact of long-term indications, I think high teens is where our 
eyes are very clearly set on ROE. 
 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, my second question is for Ghanshyam Sir. So, though we witnessed 
a Y-o-Y spread expansion, when we look at the sequential movement, it is down 15 basis 
points, largely due to PLR cut in March. But now, we also intend to further PLR cut of 10 
basis points maybe in June? So where do you see ultimately spreads settling? 
Otherwise, ROA will again moderate in H1FY27. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: Thank you for the question. As you see, on a full-year basis, we have come down 62 bps 
in overall cost of borrowing, and which is largely stabilizing at that level. And we reached 
a spread of 5.2%. As Manu mentioned, and along with all team, we talk about the right 
placement of product at the right price. So, that will help us going forward a slight 

 
 
improvement in the yield placement of product and cost of borrowing stabilizes at this 
level. We're very confident to maintain the spreads 5%+. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay. So, my observation is, with 15 bps PLR cut, yields are down 20 bps, which 
essentially means that the book yield is converging towards disbursement yield, which 
is lower as we have been highlighting. So just wanted to understand how your 
disbursement yields will move ahead, which will ultimately take care of your blended 
yields. 
Manu Singh: 
Thank you so much for articulating that clearly. I think that is well established with us. 
And going back to my previous answer, I would like to repeat that there is enough 
headroom to place the product on risk-adjusted pricing. We are in the assessed income 
group. Every transaction is unique. And hence, I'm confident of the fact, along with my 
team, that the right placement of the right product will help bridge this gap. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, a couple of questions on the growth side. You articulated aspiration to get towards 
20%+. And we are seeing the network expansion. This quarter, again, larger part of the 
network expansion was in Gujarat, Tamil Nadu and UP, wherein we would have added 
like, say, 8 to 10-odd branches in each state. 
 
So, would that be the strategy maybe in terms of expansion? And we have seen almost 
flat branches in Maharashtra, MP and Rajasthan, maybe 3 branches getting added as 
such. So, do we see that a larger part of the expansion would be coming to these states 
in terms of the branches and even in terms of the incremental growth? So that's firstly 
on geography.  
And secondly, on the productivity side, maybe what are the initiatives we are taking 
incrementally just to ensure that productivity and maybe the disbursements per sales 
officer, that also inches up? So, if you can highlight in terms of what your near-term 
strategy would be in terms of inching productivity up? 
Manu Singh: 
Thank you so much for those two specific questions. To answer your first question on 
geography. Yes, we are continuously focused on adding branches in states like UP, 
Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, where we find the perfect balance of potential as well as risk, 
which we are ready to underwrite. So that's a balance to look at. So, we will continue 
doing that.  
On the second question of productivity, I'd like to answer that in a fork approach of two 
points. The first is, is RO enabled and understands what source, sources first time right, 
is assessed based on our risk adjustment assessment. And then, any flow-through, 
which is from login to sanction, sanction to disbursement, those handover gaps, at 
efficiency levels today, can be moved up 15%, 20% by concentrating on every branch 
productivity end-to-end and not purely looking at a bucket which is only either login or 
end result of disbursement. 
 
Secondly, it is important for us to rebuild the muscle, which is when I mentioned in the 
previous question about channel management, where this sourcing coming from into 
the funnel is. And hence, in a branch network where there is 10-12 years of experience 
available for local market expertise, the muscle of direct business is a focus that all of 
us, together as management team, are going to continuously work upon, which reduces 
dependency or if I can say it, it kind of gives more control on consistency of what comes 

 
 
in and hence, what goes out. So those two would be my specific answers to these 
questions. 
Kunal Shah: 
So, in terms of indirect sourcing, would we want to take that proportion up? Or maybe 
still the focus will be more on direct sourcing, as you mentioned, like since we have the 
control out there? 
Manu Singh: 
I'll answer that by saying and I'll give you an analogy on, say, for example, Rajasthan 
being our primary state. When we say that we are investing in other state does not mean 
I'm disinvesting in Rajasthan. And hence, similarly, when I look at and the team looks at 
channel management, it does not mean we degrow some channel. It's about rebuilding 
muscle into channels where we have direct control. So, it's largely about being very clear 
about focusing on direct and getting that muscle built up again. Indirect continues the 
way it continues. It's an important part of the ecosystem. We value that part of the 
ecosystem. 
 
We just want to continue building our own strengths, which is direct sourcing through 
channels like CSC, develop our digital avenues, which is the website, our own app, 
which has a referral program. So, it's a step-by-step continual journey. But yes, I would 
pause the answer there for further questions. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And one last one with respect to yield. So, you also indicated in terms of risk-
adjusted pricing to be optimized. So, have we started increasing yields in any of the 
product segments, any of the profile? How are we looking at it? And when would that 
journey start in terms of yield optimization? Has it been rolled out on, say, a pilot basis? 
And when do we see the full-fledged rollout of that happening?  
Manu Singh: 
So, as we speak, there is no better way to start a good deed than today. So, it has already 
started in the financial year. As I mentioned, it's a progressive journey that we have the 
expertise of underwriting risk very well. You've seen in the last many years that the 
quality of the book is pristine. And hence, our ability to build that muscle on risk-
adjusted pricing across 435 branches is a journey which is already on its way. 
 
It's not something which has to be thought very differently. It's just about those 
boundary cases which need to be looked at, paused and focused to be got back to the 
core area that you serve. It's always the distraction of a business which becomes the 
attraction. And that is what me and my team are going to kind of -- we don't want to be 
distracted by attraction. We have core strengths. We must deepen them. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Just one question and maybe just trying to paraphrase what some of my friends earlier 
in this call have asked. If you look at the last 2 years, we grew below 20%. So, if you 
could, first, articulate where was the problem? When our peers with large balance 
sheets were able to grow upwards of 20%, why were we not able to grow? Was it an 
execution problem? Was it a competition problem? 
 
That is the first thing I wanted to understand. You have articulated product placement, 
geography, so if you could add some nuances around it in terms of channel, are we going 
to do more of DSA sourcing going forward? When you speak about geography, what are 
the plans to maybe add more states in Southern India? Could you just start with that? 
Manu Singh: 
Sure. I'll take the two questions one by one. The first is about your question about the 
past. Every human being, including me, becomes wiser in hindsight. So, I would start 

 
 
answering by saying at every point in time, my predecessors and the management team 
have done their best in those times. Times are different. Variables are different. 
 
Looking progressively ahead on growth, my response would go back to the earlier two 
questions that we are focused on not only looking at sustainable growth, we are also 
investing continually in geographies like South, Gujarat, UP, where we see potential 
balanced with quality of the book. So, my answer very clearly remains, this is a vastly 
untapped market. Growth rates are there. We must make sure that we assess it right, 
price it right for our growth.  
On your second question of sourcing, largely between direct and indirect sourcing, as I 
mentioned earlier, direct sourcing has always been the branch-driven model, and it has 
been our strength. We are attempting very quickly to rebuild. Don’t forget cycling even if 
you pick it up after many years. So, it's a strength that we have, and we are just going to 
polish it and double down on it. 
The second is, it's not about reducing channel partners. Channel partners are an 
important source of the ecosystem. We value them. We continue doing that. As I 
mentioned, if there ever have been, when I look in hindsight, if there are cases which are 
external to boundaries, cases which don't suit our NIM profile, we will try and make sure 
that we are not attracted by distraction. I hope I answered your question as I'm happy to 
have the question again. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Yes. That answers my question. And just one last thing. You spoke about right product 
at the right price. And maybe earlier in the call, you also said that there will be an effort 
to improve the yields at which we operate. So just trying to understand, Aavas, for at 
least the whole of its listed history, has been a franchise which has been very strong on 
asset quality. Credit costs have remained benign. Are we now planning to move to a 
slightly different customer segment or a product segment, which would mean while the 
risk-adjusted yields go up, or the yields go up, commensurately the risks also go up? 
And at the same time, I mean, we might see credit cost also inching up. 
 
Now, why I ask this is, in your press release, I remember reading that you continue to 
guide for less than 25 basis points in credit cost. Wherever we talk about a yield 
increase, there is a commensurate increase in risk as well. So just trying to understand 
that trade-off. 
Manu Singh: 
I'm very thankful to you for having picked this question. It gives me and my team a big 
opportunity to vehemently, assertively mention that increase in yield by no manner 
suggests increase of risk. I will repeat that, increase of yield by no standards equals 
mathematically to increase of risk. We take pride in the fact that our micro market 
knowledge is muscle exceptionally built over time. We continue to be very vigilant about 
it. We are not overconfident. But we are confident on the fact that our placement pricing, 
based on every individual case, has scope of improvement. And we have already started 
that in practice and are seeing some early results.  
Having said that, this is a journey. Nothing changes overnight. Overnight always has 
problems of breakage or the engine jamming. It's a journey. But yes, answering the 
question once again, we are not going to get into more riskier segments. We continue to 
maintain our guidance on credit costs. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gaurav Khandelwal from JPMorgan. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: I've got a couple of those. First one is a follow-up on the yield part. So, 20 bps decline in 
yields in fourth quarter, 15 bps on back of the PLR cut, but can I also understand the 

 
 
competitive dynamics in that? Is it largely a function of the other part of the yields 
declining because of competition being too high? 
 
That's one. And the other part to this question is, are you seeing some of the bigger HFCs 
now trying to enter some of the ticket sizes, ZIP codes that you operate in, primarily also 
because they are being pushed out from the prime mortgage side, so they're wanting to 
come into your ZIP code? Any thoughts around that, please? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: I think Q4, the number which you are referring has an impact of reducing 15 bps PLR, 
which is effective on 1st of March. So, you can see a large impact, what you're referring 
to the number, is on account of that. And rest, obviously, this quarter is a good number, 
growth quarter where competition comes in this quarter. Everybody in competition 
wants to underwrite maximum business in that quarter. 
 
So, we also fall into the same category. But if you see larger picture for the full year or 
coming year, we have deep market presence, and we don't see a competition which has, 
let's say, impact on yield placement. It's more largely as Manu said, we have to be 
conscious while underwriting the case to have a right placement of yield on that asset. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: Got it. And my other question is on your opex, if I look at cost to assets or cost to AUM, 
in last 3 years, that had been declining, but FY26, it's moved up again Y-o-Y. Where do 
we see this settle? I understand you are still investing in some of the new states and 
there's some branch expansion. But where do, on steady state, where do we see this 
number settling? And could you highlight some of the use cases on tech-led efficiencies 
that you've been talking about? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: Yes, we agree with you. Our opex efficiency, in two years, continuously, had shown an 
improvement. This year, we had higher opex than last year. It has two factors: We have 
invested in the branch expansion, which has led to higher manpower because we firmly 
believe that we must invest in the branch expansion, which will give us a better growth 
momentum than what we have done in the past. So, we have invested there. And those 
branches will start to give the results in the next full year.  
And apart from that, the CVC came and brought a long-term retention plan of new ESOP 
and PSOP schemes basically, which has also given us some extra cost in the last full 
year basis. 
 
Thirdly, what we thought of, growth for which we have invested, we have missed that 
growth during the year. That has also had an impact on us because denominators are 
not there where we thought of, invested in the branch expense and people investment. 
 
We are hopeful and confident, along with the entire team, and Manu is also on Board 
now. So, we hope we will grow back in the next year, that will bring down our opex to 
AUM ratio. And we maintain that once we reach a double size of the balance sheet, it 
will be somewhere 2.75% opex to AUM ratio. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Raghav Garg from AMBIT Capital. 
Raghav Garg: 
I have a few questions. One, see, when I look at your number of loans disbursed data, 
right, that disbursement value divided by the disbursement ticket size, for full year and 
even for the last 3 quarters, which is cumulative of Q2, Q3, Q4 because I think you had 
some problems in Q1, the volumes have not exactly grown. 
 
On a full year basis, the total number of loans disbursed are flat. And in home loans, in 
fact, you've declined on a Y-o-Y basis in terms of volume. What are you doing to improve 

 
 
that? Because I see that your employee base has expanded, your branch network has 
expanded and still the volumes are down. I just want to get some sense of that. 
Manu Singh: 
Thanks for that observation. It is very clear to us that this is an area of immediate 
attention for all of us. On which, as we laid down our FY27 plans, we've taken our 
numbers in April have been, for us, quite effective. There is also a slight change in the 
sense that realization of an instrument in the customers' banking account is now the 
order of the day. 
 
Some of these have now settled down very well. And hence, we see that progressively, 
the investments having been made in both people, as well as branches, along with our 
technology efforts, as I mentioned in the call earlier, sharper execution focus should 
start sweating these assets out. And productivity per person, as well as revenue per 
person deployed on the field, is going to be a metric that we will track hawkishly 
ourselves against as we move quarter-to-quarter. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. So, as you're saying that your volumes should increase and volumes, either 
per person or on a per branch basis should increase, ideally that should lead to better 
cost absorption, right, from a unit cost economics point of view. 
Manu Singh: 
Yes. 
Raghav Garg: 
So then, what are you guiding for in terms of opex to assets or opex to AUM, whichever 
way you want to guide for? Sorry, if I missed that guidance, but generally, what kind of 
levels do you see yourself achieving there, not just for FY27, but on a steady state basis? 
Can it go below 3%? 
Manu Singh: 
I think on a 2-to-3-year platform, yes. We are shooting for something below 3%. 
However, as I mentioned, it's a journey. And this journey, both in terms of market, as 
well as either tailwinds or headwinds, will have some nuances quarter-to-quarter. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. And how do you think about your ticket size strategy or ticket size segment? 
Because say, when I look at other mortgage loans, which are essentially all the non-
home loans, there, the ticket size has increased quite substantially Q-o-Q and even on 
a Y-o-Y basis. So how are you feeling about your ticket size strategy going ahead? 
Manu Singh: 
So, from a strategic perspective, I don't think we are changing our customer segment or 
geographical segment by anything, including, and I'm repeating, at the cost of our credit 
understanding and credit cost guidance. ATS, both tactically and strategically, ideally 
should be moving only from an inflation perspective. The productivity lever is to be 
applied to the number of customers coming in and growth there. The advantage of the 
ATS should just flow into the P&L. That's a consequence, not a strategy. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. Very clear. Just one more thing. Why are your overall repayment rates 
higher even though your BT out rate has declined? Why is that happening? 
Manu Singh: 
Sorry, I missed the question. Please, if you could repeat? 
Raghav Garg: 
So, I'm asking when I look at your calculated repayment rate on an overall basis, it's 
about 20% versus 17.5% in Q4 of last year and 16.5% in Q3. Even though your BT out 
rate has declined, why have the repayment rates gone up? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: This has 3 components. One important component which we keep monitoring month 
after month is balance transfer to, peer group, which is less than of our guidance. As a 
management team, we want to keep control at less than 6%. This year, also, we have 

 
 
closed at 5.5% on a full year basis. No doubt, customers sometimes get extra money, 
and they pay back, there's part closures or, extra EMI they pay. Only largely on that 
account, we have slightly higher repayment during this year. Otherwise, balance 
transfer to BT, very much in control, which is less than 6%, very precise for this year, 
5.5%. 
Raghav Garg: 
Understood. So essentially, it's just customer prepayments. 
Ghanshyam Rawat: Yes, because customers can get extra money. They want to pay more EMIs or part 
payments, which we accept. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
My first question is on technology and digital platform that we have developed over the 
years. So, do you feel that there is further investment required on that front to make it 
more aligned with the industry requirement and to bring down debt and then also 
smoothen the overall functioning? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: No. We have made a good investment in the sales force, as well as the life cycle 
management, Oracle FLEXCUBE. Then we have best-in-class Oracle ERP system with 
Fusion. All I think, most of the capitalization has been done. We do not see any further 
investment in the entire module. 
 
Yes, one of the collections is one of the best we have seen in last so many years, 1-day 
past due, and as well as collection. But we want to have a more technology-driven 
collection, which will bring down our per unit cost down. So, we have some investment 
we'll make in the collection software, but which is not so material amount. 
 
Yes, what we've invested, it will need some small investment every year like AI, GenAI, 
need to further sharpen our underwriting, acquisitions, collections and which will save 
us some other cost also basically, opex, which we've invested here some amount, that 
will save some other opex, manpower opex, manpower efficiency, bring the savings in 
that company. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
So, nothing major as such on the tech and digital side. The majority of our opex will be 
towards branch expansion and network expansion broadly, right? 
Ghanshyam Rawat: Yes. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Got it. The second question was pertaining to how you are seeing the ground trends in 
terms of business momentum, as well as bounce rates, delinquency in the early part of 
1Q? And how are we sort of planning or positioning ourselves to face the unfolding 
situation because of the Middle East war and the impact of inflation going ahead for our 
customers broadly? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
We are also keeping very close watch on what is happening on the quality or maybe 
market trends based on this Middle East war. But thankfully, as of now, we are not 
seeing any kind of trend either in bouncing or in our collections. In fact, bouncing in the 
month of April was less than the previous month. And this year, April is better than the 
previous year April. 
 
So, at the same time, we are also keeping an eye on ground feedback that if some check 
is getting bounced and if it is from a profile where we've envisaged that it might have 
been affected because of this war or anything. And the reason, if it is linked with the 
macroeconomic challenges. But so far, we have not seen anything. Of course, we are 

 
 
keeping an eye, very close watch because ultimately, all of us are going to get affected 
if the petrol prices have gone up by Rs. 10 or something. So, it is going to get affected. 
But as of now, thankfully, nothing has happened. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Sir, any profiles that we have filtered which we will, let's say, not do or maybe do more 
checks in certain profiles? Any customer profile that you have filtered, keeping in mind 
the current situation? 
Ashutosh Atre: 
It is as your guess as mine. So, the immediate visibility comes to, travel, tours and 
hotels, restaurants, and maybe even anything that is related to energy-related things, 
will be directly affected. But one thing I can tell you is that we are not financing the profile 
we, which are directly affected like chemical factory or anything who is into energy.  
Our clients are the Tier 2 kind of a person who is getting affected or will get affected. As 
of now, not. But yes, we have kept some 5-6 profiles, which are, as per our general 
guess, might get affected, and we are keeping track on their bouncing, 1+ or whatever. 
So, that is what we've been doing as of now. 
Manu Singh: 
Just to add, it's a very diversified book over a period of time. And hence, that's the 
strength of the retail business. There's no concentration risk at all. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Manu Singh: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as we conclude today's earnings call, I would like to 
sincerely thank each one of you for your time, continued engagement and support. The 
progress we have made reflects the strong efforts by our team, the trust of our 
shareholders and the confidence our customers place in us. I must also thank our 
regulators, NHB, for always being with us, guiding us, strengthening us as we progress 
into the growth journey. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities in front of us. With our 
focus on disciplined growth, prudent risk management and customer-first credit-led 
approach, we find ourselves well positioned to deliver sustainable growth and 
consistent long-term value for our shareholders.  
Should you have any other questions or require additional information, please feel free 
to reach out to Rakesh Shinde, our Head of Investor Relationships. Thank you once again 
for your continued trust and partnership. Thank you and have a very good day ahead. 
