HEG/SECTT/2026 
   8th May, 2026 
BSE  Limited  
P J Towers 
Dalal Street 
MUMBAI - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 509631 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), MUMBAI - 400 051. 
Scrip Code : HEG 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Q4 FY26 of HEG Limited 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Please refer to our Earnings Conference Call scheduled on 4th May, 2026 intimated vide our letter 
dated 22nd April, 2026. Please find enclosed the transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call.  
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website of the Company i.e 
www.hegltd.com. 
This is for your kind information and records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For HEG Limited 
(Vivek Chaudhary) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A-13263
heg.investor@lnjbhilwara.com
Encl: as above 
VIVEK 
CHAUDHARY
Digitally signed by 
VIVEK CHAUDHARY 
Date: 2026.05.08 
12:18:09 +05'30'

 
 
 
“HEG Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Result Conference Call” 
 
May 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JHUNJHUNWALA – CHAIRMAN, MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RIJU JHUNJHUNWALA – VICE-CHAIRMAN 
MR. MANISH GULATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. OM PRAKASH AJMERA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MR. RAVI TRIPATHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, HEG 
LIMITED 
MR. PUNEET ANAND – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
MR. ANKUR KHAITAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, TACC LIMITED 
MR. SALIL BAWA – GROUP HEAD (INVESTOR RELATIONS) 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH MAJUMDAR – 360 ONE WAM 
 
 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the HEG Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Majumdar from 360 ONE. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
Yes, good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the Q4 FY26 HEG Limited Earnings Conference 
Call. 
We have with us today the Management Team represented by Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala – Chairman, 
Managing Director and CEO, and Mr. Riju Jhunjhunwala – Vice-Chairman, Mr. Manish Gulati – 
Executive Director, Mr. Om Prakash Ajmera – Group CFO, Mr. Ravi Tripathi – CFO, HEG Limited, 
Mr. Puneet Anand – Group CSO, Mr. Salil Bawa – Group Head, Investor Relations. Apart from this, 
we have HEG Greentech team as well for any queries on that. 
Without much ado on this, I hand over the call to Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala – Chairman, Managing 
Director and CEO. Over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Thank you, Rajesh. And good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our Financial Results Conference 
Call for the 4th Quarter and Full Year ‘25-26. 
Let me begin this discussion with some broader industry context: 
According to World Steel Association, global crude steel production in Q1, January-March 2026 
stood at around 459 million tons, marking a decline of roughly 2% year-on-year, while registering a 
sequential recovery of about 8% versus Q4 of last year. This is mainly China-driven. We have seen 
this phenomena of higher production in the last quarter of the year by China a lot of times in the past, 
and this normally tapers down to more reasonable levels as we come to H2. 
China typically follows a cyclical production pattern with output moderating in Q3 and Q4 to align 
with environmental and policy targets which is close to about a billion tons of steel production, 
followed by a strong restart in Q1 practically every year. Excluding China, global steel production 
stood at approximately 212 million tons in Q1 2026, which is a decline of about 1.3% over Q4 2025. 
Among some key steel producing regions, India continues to be a standout performer, recording 
around 5% quarter-on-quarter growth, supported by strong infrastructure and construction activities. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
The US too saw a modest growth driven by steady industrial demand, while Europe remained 
relatively muted. Japan, Brazil and several other large steel producing countries were broadly flat to 
slightly negative, reflecting ongoing softness. 
China continues to face domestic demand pressure, resulting in elevated export levels. Chinese steel 
exports are now running at over about 100 million tons on an annual basis, which continues to impact 
global pricing and drive increased trade protection measures worldwide. 
At the same time, current geopolitical tensions amidst conflicts in the Middle East are contributing 
to volatility in energy markets and supply chains. We are clearly witnessing an acceleration in the 
regionalization of steel trade, driven by rising protectionist measures globally in response to 
structural overcapacity, particularly in China. 
Measures such as Section 232 in US anti-dumping, safeguard actions in Canada, Mexico, India, 
Brazil and similar steps across other regions are reshaping trade flows. 
In Europe, Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism, generally called CBAM, is a key structural 
change. By imposing a carbon tax on imports of steel, it incentivizes lower emission steel production 
or export, which is only possible through electric arc furnace. 
In parallel, the EU’s upcoming tariff rate quota regime, coming as early as 1st July 2026, is expected 
to further restrict steel imports into the EU, and thus increase its own steel production, which has 
seen a decline constantly, quarter-after-quarter. This is particularly significant for electric arc furnace 
steel making, excluding China about 50% of steel is already produced through electric arc furnace, 
and the share is expected to rise further, given its significantly lower carbon intensity compared to 
blast furnace/basic oxygen furnace routes. 
Under CBAM, reduced exports of steel to Europe are expected to increasingly favour electric arc 
furnace-based steel due to its carbon footprint advantage. As a result, we expect a structural and 
positive change in electric arc furnace steel production with a strong pipeline of new capacity 
additions of electric arc furnaces globally. This directly supports long-term demand growth of 
graphite electrodes. 
To the best of our knowledge, about 20 million tons of new Greenfield electric arc furnaces have 
already been commissioned in the last 12 to 18 months all over the world, and we believe an 
additional 60 million tons are at different stages of implementation, which should be in production 
by 2028, and another about 30 million tons by 2030. The total new installations of electric arc 
furnaces all over the world, except China, would thus be a little over 100 million tons. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
This kind of a growth in electric arc furnace-based steel industry is unprecedented in the history of 
the steel industry, and is expected to translate into incremental electrode demand of around 200,000 
tons by 2030, excluding China. 
And we are very well placed to meet some of this new demand with our recent expansion from 80,000 
to 100,000 tons. And as you are aware, we have already announced our next expansion to 115,000 
tons, which is likely to be operational by early 2028. In this backdrop, our focus on operational 
efficiency, cost discipline, and customer diversification has enabled us to deliver a resilient 
performance during this quarter. 
We continue to operate at healthy utilization levels, which is probably the highest all over the world, 
averaging more than 90% for the whole year, as well as the past three, four immediate quarters. And 
this is based on our expanded capacity of 100,000 tons, reflecting strong operational efficiency, low 
cost, and disciplined planning. 
At our plant near Bhopal, our plant near Bhopal remains the largest single site location of electrode 
plants anywhere in the world, with a capacity of 100,000 tons, which makes us one of the most 
competitive cost companies due to its size and location in India. 
Looking ahead, we remain confident of the long-term growth opportunity for our Company. 
Construction of the additional 15,000 tons expansion is progressing as planned, and we continue to 
target completion by early 2028. This will further strengthen our ability to serve incremental global 
demand at a competitive cost. 
To summarize: 
While near term conditions remain mixed, the structural shift toward electric arc furnace steelmaking, 
supported by decarbonization policies and trade realignments in the world, continues to strengthen 
the long-term demand outlook for electrodes. And with our scale, cost leadership, and high utilization 
levels, we believe HEG is very well positioned to benefit from this transition. 
I would like to clarify a point on our investment in GrafTech: 
I would like to reaffirm that our position remains unchanged. This was undertaken as a deliberate 
long-term investment, and our conviction continues to be anchored in the structural foundations, 
fundamentals of this business, rather than near term market movements. Cyclical volatility is intrinsic 
to this industry, and interim fluctuations in no way alter our outlook or our resolve. 
We remain fully committed to this investment, and we are confident in the long-term value it will 
create for our stakeholders. We are pleased to inform that the composite scheme of arrangement is 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
progressing well. The NCLT convened meetings of the equity shareholders, secured creditors, and 
unsecured creditors of HEG are scheduled for Tuesday, 5th May, to seek their approval of the same. 
Subject to shareholder, creditor, and other regulatory approvals, we anticipate that the scheme could 
be approved by the NCLT sometime in the second quarter of this financial year. 
With that, I would now like to hand over to our CFO – Ravi Tripathi, to take you through the 
‘Financial Performance’ for the quarter, after which we will open the floor to the question and answer. 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. 
I will briefly explain our performance for the quarter end and for the full year ended 31st 
March 2026: 
Compared to last year, we have shown strong growth in volume as well as in revenue. Our sales 
volume increased by 20%, which helped our revenue grow from INR 2,153 crores to INR 2,569 
crores. Total income also increased to INR 2,660 crores from INR 2,279 crores. 
Our EBITDA increased from INR 388 crores to INR 497 crores, with margins increasing from 17% 
to 19%. 
Our operating margins remained stable in the range of 15% to 20% during the year, with more than 
90% capacity utilization during the year. PBT has increased from INR 148 crores to INR 246 crores, 
which is a growth of 66%. Net profit also increased from INR 101 crores to INR 181 crores. This 
improvement came from higher volumes, better control on input costs and focused monitoring on all 
fixed costs. 
The Company remains financially strong with no long-term debt as of 31st March 2026. It had a 
treasury of around INR 792 crores. 
Coming to the quarterly performance: 
We reported a loss of INR 189 crores. This is mainly attributable to fair values and impact on foreign 
investment, and rapid depreciation of rupees, which led to 5% within this quarter. These are entirely 
unrealized losses, and we have taken impact of them in the books as per the applicable Indian 
Accounting Standards. 
Excluding the unrealized losses, our operating margins for the quarter is intact and is reasonably 
comparable with the previous quarters. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of INR 3.4 per equity share face value of 
INR 2, subject to shareholder approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting. For more details, 
the full presentation is available on the Company’s website and on the Stock Exchange. 
We are now happy to take your questions. Thank you. Over to you, Rajesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Our first question comes 
from the line of Amit Lahoti from Aditya Birla Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on pricing. So, during the quarter, 
GrafTech announced the price hike and we are getting a sense that there is a growing customer 
acceptance around the price hike, given that the electrode cost is now less than 1% of the steel prices. 
So, if you could quantify how much price hike, we are looking to take starting from this financial 
year and then is there a similar cost increase for needle coke as well? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Manish, will you take this question? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, sir. Amit, as you know, we book orders, let’s say, for three to six months. So, as we speak, we 
are about booked almost up until September. And for unbooked orders, we are definitely looking at 
price increase. Now, it depends from region to region how much price we can get. And also, I would 
say that we already have some increase in cost due to these energies, freights. So, the price increase 
is very necessary to be done. How much will be the quantum, whether it will be 300, 400, 500 is very 
difficult to say at this stage. How much every region steel companies are able to absorb and also what 
our competitors are doing at this stage. But definitely towards H2, our aim is to have price increase, 
not only to protect our margins, but to help improve further. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay. But does it implicitly mean that we are going to have some cost impact in the first half of the 
year, even before the price hike rolls in? 
Manish Gulati: 
It will be there, but not to that extent, because you see some of these energy prices are because of our 
longer product cycle, let’s say, for example, if gas price are going today or furnace oil are going 
today, but then they will actually use products are made in two months and get shipped. So, there 
will be a lag in that. But yes, certainly, there will be some cost increase, sorry. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Yes, noted. And my second question is on Greentech, particularly for TACC, where are we in terms 
of customer qualification process? And how fast can we ramp up once it gets commissioned? 
Basically, my question is, are there any technology or qualification bottlenecks that are left to be 
resolved over the next 6 to 12 months? 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Riju Jhunjhunwala: 
So, Ankur is there, Ankur can answer directly then. 
Riju Jhunjhunwala : 
So, in terms of the customer acquisition, I mean, you are aware that we had set up a pilot plant for 
sampling, etc., more than 18 months back. And you will be very happy to know that we have made 
a very, very good progress with all the leading OEMs across the world, because Indian cell capacity 
is delayed, it seems. But we are actively working with all the Indian ones, as well as the companies 
like LG, Panasonic, CATL, etc., where we are in different stages of sampling. But the sampling works 
are going extremely well, as well as the plant commissioning. There is no change in the plant 
commissioning date from April. And we hope that in the first year itself, we will be able to have a 
decent 40% to 60% kind of capacity utilization, because of the customer acquisitions that are going 
on right now. So, there are no issues on technology that we are facing currently. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Okay, noted. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rajesh Majumder from 361. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
Yes, good afternoon again, sir. I want to know the sales volume for the quarter and why the revenue 
is low? Is it because of lower realizations or lower sales volume? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, Rajeshji, about this Q4, there is a slightly less volume to the tune of, I guess, about 1000 tons 
and some depression in price, but that is only because of how the regional sales mix. See, we are 
shipping to 40 countries. So, which lots, which customers, where they are going, but there is no 
depression in price per se, because in the market, it’s just because of our size mix and order mix, 
which goes quarter-on-quarter. So, this quarter, we had some low-price orders going, which dragged 
down the price a little bit. But that’s in April by June, you will see it quickly coming back up. So, it’s 
very temporary. So, that did cause some dent in the operating profits. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
Just a related question, is there any disruption because of the Middle East and what proportion of 
sales are we selling there? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, annually, we do about 20% sales in Middle East and MENA region, Middle East, North Africa. 
Yes, absolutely, there is disruption. The orders, which we had from all these customers, like Kuwait 
and Saudis, and they all have to be postponed. So, instead, we had orders from other customers. So, 
they are being given precedence. So, they are going now. And as soon as the State of Hormuz opens 
and business normalizes, the pending orders, which we are holding for Middle East, they will also 
quickly be shipped. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
And sir, one more question from my side is that we have seen a huge rally in crude oil. So, that will 
impact the needle coke prices. So, as you are covered till September, you said on your contractual 
side, are you covered for the needle coke side as well? How much are you covered for? And how 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
much will that cost increase percolate to us from which half? And will the price increase happen 
simultaneously with that? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. You see, we are covered for needle coke purchases, needle coke shipments, starting from the 
origins till end of June. So, by the time they arrive, they take 45 days to arrive, and our electrode 
product processing is another 45 days. So, it safely covers our costs until September from the needle 
coke side. However, it doesn’t protect us from the other materials which we get from India or doesn’t 
protect us from energy. But purely on needle coke side, we remain protected until September. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
Okay. And so, one strategic question, one last question from my side is that, do you see the rise in 
gas and energy prices as an impediment to the electric arc furnace and the CBAM team because as I 
understand that the energy requirement in electric arc furnace is almost nearly 3x more than that of a 
blast furnace. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. You see, these energy prices actually depends in Europe, etc., power is a major cost for an 
electric arc furnace steel plant. So, that energy and the mix of power generation which they have in 
Europe and US, I don’t think it will cause any direct hit to electric arc furnace steel making economics 
because it depends on power at what price they can get the power in their country. So, there may be 
some indirect connection, but there are gas-based power plants, but they are more in the Middle East 
than in US or Europe. So, maybe there is marginal impact, but that doesn’t change anything actually. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
And CBAM is on track, there is no derailment of that, right? 
Manish Gulati: 
CBAM is applied already actually. They will see a reduction in steel imports in EU, which will 
encourage the local steel plants to run at a higher utilization and higher demand of graphite electrode 
from Europe. 
Rajesh Majumder: 
Thank you, sir. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Just to add, these European steel companies basically have no option. I mean, as you all know, electric 
arc furnace emits about 25%-30% of carbon as compared to the same steel produced through blast 
furnace. So, with the CBAM and ex-Euro per ton duties and everything that Europe is applying now 
from 1st of July, whether the cost is x or x plus something, they will have no option. There is no way 
that they can pay that kind of CBAM duty and still be able to export their steel. So, they will have to 
shift from blast furnaces to electric arc furnaces already. Europe is already 50%-55%. And Europe is 
adding at least 25-30 million tons of electric arc furnaces. Some of them have already come in. Some 
of them are under construction. So, by 2030, according to our information and we believe this figure 
is more or less accurate because we are exporting 70% of our products to all parts of the world. So, 
people are always on the road meeting this customer here and that customer there. So, close to 100 
million tons of new electric arc furnaces are scheduled to come in, out of which 20-22 are already in 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
operation. And we believe about 30 million tons is going to be operational within 2026, 2027, and 
2028. And another 30-35 million tons in 2028 and 2030. So, that adds up to about 100 million tons. 
And that requires a lot of electrodes. And except our expansion, there is nobody who has even 
announced anything as yet. It takes two to three years to even make a small Brownfield expansion, 
as you know, in our case.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Just picking up from the questions you answered before my turn. 
For Q4, if you can quantify what was the sales volume, we have quoted 94% capacity utilization. But 
in terms of sales volume, compared to last quarter, we can quantify how many thousand tons have 
been impacted because of logistics or any other reason. 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, did I say a thousand tons almost between Q3 and Q4, hardly a thousand tons got impacted 
because these orders had to be postponed.  
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
But only postponed, you will divert it here and there. 
Manish Gulati: 
Either divert it, see most of it, most of the postponements got diverted and there is the impact of only 
a thousand dollars less in Q4 compared to Q3. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. And Manish, as you were telling me, I mean, because the situation is so desperate, you see the 
steel companies in the Middle East are desperately placed as far as the raw material and everything 
is concerned. They don’t want to close their plant and they are prepared to pay $200-$300 extra for 
electrode to be sent by road. Instead of $20-$30 cost that we were incurring to take the electrodes to 
any Middle Eastern country, I believe there is a way that you can take the electrode to some Middle 
Eastern port by ocean. Then it takes as much as $200-$300 to truck it down to the location of the 
plant and they are prepared to pay for that. I mean, obviously $300 per ton of electrode means nothing 
to them rather than closing the steel plant. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Correct. Sure, got it. And in terms of pricing, as you said, you are already booked till September, but 
I am assuming post-September contracts you will be probably doing now or maybe a few months 
down the line. So, in that renewed committed volumes, do you see any significant price increase or 
are you already into those conversations of increasing the price? We can probably give some 
qualitative and quantitative comments on the same. 
Manish Gulati: 
All the new inquiries we are receiving, now we are pricing it accordingly. We are taking into account 
how much our costs have increased and some price increase was anyway necessary. So, all inquiries 
don’t come in one go. They keep coming every two days, three days, one week, 10 days. Every 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
customer has their own buying ways. So, we are offering increased prices in the market, and we are 
quite hopeful that some amount of the price increase should get absorbed and the steel industry should 
be willing to do that. But it also depends on what our peer group is doing, how much seriously they 
are pursuing the price increase. So, we will see. But we have started offering increased prices for the 
uncommitted volumes. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karthikeya Kumar Pandey. Please go ahead. 
Karthikeya K. Pandey: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. And so, sir, although I understand the old investment 
rationale and the multi-year tailwinds that we have, there are some nuances that I wanted to 
understand from you. So, needle coke capacity supply is a constraint that we have in our industry. 
Now, that capacity, the demand for that is from our industry as well as from the anode industry. Now, 
when we are saying that we are adding 120 KT of incremental demand, so, and again, there are 
reports of around 100 KT of addition of demand from anode side. Now, somewhere down the line, 
the whole math is not adding up to the existing needle coke capacity. And then there are no efficient 
capacity additions also happening in the needle coke industry. So, I just wanted to understand how 
are we going to fulfill the 120 KT of demand given the fact that we are also not a backward industry 
like West players. So, some lights on that from your side. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I will tell you a little bit. It is motivating me to tell you something which somebody asked and we 
didn’t answer that question very clearly. The only reason that we decided to invest whatever we 
invested to buy GrafTech shares was primarily because that is the only graphite company in the world 
who is 75 to 80% backward integrated. I am talking of GrafTech. That’s the only graphite company 
who has a needle coke plant of its own to the extent of about 75% of their own capacity. So, if you 
go back to 5 years ago, 6 years ago, when the electrode prices went up by 3x, 4x, 5x, over a period 
of time, the same thing happened with needle coke. And the needle coke prices went up from about 
$1,000 to about $4,000 in a matter of 5, 6, and 7 quarters. GrafTech was the only company which 
had about 80% of their captive requirement was being met by their own coke plant. So, while they 
made a lot of money like all the other graphite companies made because of price increase on 
electrodes, they were in a unique position that they made an additional $2,000 to $3,000 on the needle 
coke. While people like us or the Japanese or Graphite India or anybody else except GrafTech had 
to buy needle coke at about $3,000 to $4,000 higher than what it used to be in a matter of less than a 
year. So, our logic of buying these shares about 2 years ago, 1.5 years ago, was simply this that if 
and when we see the same time and the same days as we saw 5, 6 years ago, when electrode prices 
will go up and backed up by needle coke, all others except GrafTech will make a lot of money in 
electrodes. But this is the only company in a unique situation that they will not only make money on 
electrodes, they will also make a lot of money on needle coke. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
So, this was a very simple logic for which we invested. And of course, in the stock market, you can 
never be 100% right or you can never be 100% wrong. So, at the price, when we started buying, it 
looked like a steal and it did go up by 30-40% and we decided not to sell, and it went down by 30%-
40%. It has recovered a lot in the last 2-3 months. But again, it’s just a matter of time. As soon as we 
see some uptake and some of these 100 million tons of electric arc furnaces starting operations, which 
some of this has already started, as soon as we see that, we see a shortage of electrodes. If there is a 
shortage of electrodes, there will be a shortage of needle coke for sure. So, that was the simple reason 
that we went ahead and invested that money. 
Karthikeya K. Pandey: 
Fair enough, sir. Understood. I get your point. Sir, but according to GrafTech, like the 120 KT of 
extra demand that we have seen. So, if I am not wrong, they have mentioned that currently of around 
650 KTs, one-third has already been supplied by Chinese players. Now, this is not what I am saying. 
I guess this is what GrafTech is saying and this is in the UHP market. So, I mean, although quality 
issues are there but what do you read from this because incrementally, can we get market share in 
this 120 KT or Chinese players are also increasing its share? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
What is this 120,000 tons supply that you are talking about? 
Karthikeya K. Pandey: 
No, sir. If you go to GrafTech’s commentary in the annual report, they are mentioning that around 
one third of existing 650 KT of demand that is there in the graphite electrode market currently is met 
by Chinese players that is bringing down the overall capacity utilization of the industry to 60% to 
65%. Now, my question is that what’s stopping them from doing the same in the incremental 120 KT 
of capacity that’s required? 
Manish Gulati: 
Sir, can I answer this question? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Go ahead. 
Manish Gulati: 
What you are saying in their commentary, we can’t say what, they have their own reasons and logic 
to say that 120,000 tons of UHP is being supplied from the Chinese, which is fine, you see. In China, 
they are exporting a lot of electrodes. And predominantly, they are all the high-power grade but yes, 
we will not deny that they do not export UHP electrodes. They do export UHP electrodes of almost 
the same order. We believe it’s probably 100,000 out of the 400,000 they export. And in the low-
powered furnaces and sizes, let’s say, mostly up to 24 inches, they are definitely doing that. And 
GrafTech, of course, in their concall  in their talks about China, they are talking about impact on 
them. So, they talk about China, they also talk about India, which is fine. And the capacity utilization, 
they are running whatever is written there, 65 or something in the last quarter. But please remember, 
HEG is running at (+90%). So, they have to explain for themselves and we have to talk about 
ourselves. So, they have to explain to their stakeholders why they are at this. So, they are giving this 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
reason, which is fine, which is totally fine. But you are saying, what is stopping them? See, if you 
are talking about HEG, we are, I would say, a very cost-competitive plant because of our size and 
our location, being in India. And so, certainly, our costs are lower. So, in our calls, we don’t mention 
that because of Chinese, so many UHP exports, we are being dented. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question coming from the line of Mr. Manan Poladia from MKP 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, first question on, again, the quarterly number that’s come out. 
You said there are unrealized losses in the investments and that’s been the reason driving the loss. If 
you could, like, quantitatively tell us if we pull out the graphic loss and the loss on the FOREX 
instruments, is there a shipping cost hit also that is large in the other expenses jump that has happened 
this quarter? And secondly, if you could tell me, from your contracts, when you have a fixed price 
contract, say, six months ahead, is there a force majeure clause within it above a certain level of oil 
price or shipping prices per se? 
Manish Gulati: 
No, I will answer the last question first. You see particularly in Middle East, where freight costs shot 
up from $20, $30 to more than $300, of course, we had to tell our customers. And we did send letters 
of force majeure wherever we are impacted. See, some little bit cost increase, it is expected that 
supplier will bear. So, anything out of the ordinary, of course, we have the right to go to our customers 
and tell them. And we did that for Middle East. And they are taking material, FOB Mumbai, and they 
are paying for the extra freight. But the freights have also increased for US and Europe, but they are 
not yet of the order where we go back and breach our contract or request them because it is still 
absorbable. See, once you book a six-month contract, there is some costs which will go up and down 
throughout the execution of the order. It can go up 5%. So, it is expected. It sometimes gets lower 
because for us, needle coke, pitches, electrical power, they are our major cost. So, during a course of 
six months, when we commit to a certain price, unless something goes really wrong, we don’t usually 
approach our customers and ask them for a price increase because they can do it likewise. Suppose 
they keep track of our essential raw materials and if the price goes down a shade, they don’t come 
back to us for a renegotiation of the contract. So, we try to do as much visibility we have. If we have 
a three-month, our needle coke is tied up and electrical power is tied up, then we take a safe call as 
to how much. But during the course of time, some increase/decrease does happen. 
Manan Poladia: 
Right, sir. And on the first question, with the other expenses. 
Manish Gulati: 
That Ravi Tripathi – Our CFO will answer. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Yes, in other expenses, if you compare it with the previous quarter, then you can see that we have 
added whatever the fair valuation losses we have added in the other expenses. That’s why the other 
expenses is looking higher as compared to the previous quarter. 
Manan Poladia: 
Right, sir. That’s in your note. I am just curious. Apart from that, there is still large jump that has not 
been disclosed in the note. If you could just quantify some of that for us. 
Ravi Tripathi: 
So, another impact of the exchange gain loss during the quarter due to the rapid rupee depreciation. 
As I said in my initial opening remarks, that approx. 5% rupee depreciated within quarter. That 
impact is also there. So, that’s why the other expenses is higher as compared to the previous quarter. 
Manan Poladia: 
All right, sir. I understood. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Raj Kiran Gandhi from SBI Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Is it possible to quantify this FX loss, which has been reflected in 
other expenses? 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Yes, this is Raj. See, this FX loss is completely unrealized loss that we should quantify in the range 
of INR 35 crores to INR 40 crores within the quarter. 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And given that rupee has depreciated further from the quarter end, so we should expect 
something next quarter as well? And by when will this reverse because as you mentioned, this is 
unrealized. 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Yes, in case the suppose if rupee appreciates, then definitely this will reverse. You can see some 
reversal in the next quarter. 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. And any particular reason, let’s say, even if on the gross margin side itself, if I were to 
look on a per ton basis, there has been some contraction Q-on-Q. So, any particular reason for that? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, Raji, I explained that. See, when this war happened, all these orders needed to be shuffled up 
and down. There were some Middle East orders which didn’t go and some other orders which went. 
So, quarter-to-quarter, there is always a slight movement up and down. And because of this war thing, 
the Middle East orders had to be postponed till the situation normalizes and some other orders. So, it 
depends on which orders are going in which particular quarter. So, it’s not a cause of concern. And 
you will see that coming up in April to June. We are very hopeful that by the time these issues will 
get resolved, because Middle East is next door and we will start pushing material as soon as the 
situation is clear. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Got it. So, mix turned adverse in the sense that when Middle East, I presume, is a better margin 
geography. So, mix change is resulted in a bit of-- 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes. Logistic costs are much lower for Middle East. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. No, but the prices can be different. I mean, we can’t talk about which area is better. 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Sure. And just in terms of your OPEX, how much of it is rupee denominated or and how much is FX 
denominated? I am just trying to presume because of the sharp depreciation in rupee. Maybe over 
time, how much of realization benefit can come to EBITDA? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No. We gain by rupee depreciation for sure. Our foreign exchange outgoes only on account of needle 
coke, which is a smaller part compared to the total realization So, obviously, we are a net exporter. 
So, we gain more by rupee depreciation. 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Right. So, just trying to understand what is ex of RM, how much of our cost is dollar-denominated, 
which will also then go up along with depreciation. And then I am just trying to understand net-net, 
how much benefit do we retain of the rupee depreciation? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
We can take it offline. We don’t want to talk about specifics numbers. 
Raj Kiran Gandhi: 
Sure. Perfect. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ajas Lakhani from Unifi AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajas Lakhani: 
Okay. So, thanks for the chance. So, I wanted to understand that given that needle coke is also being 
used in batteries, and this is, again, premium or super premium battery-grade material, I want to 
understand a little bit more about the raw material sourcing and availability and capacities globally. 
So, one is, could you talk about where do you procure your needle coke from? What is that 
manufacturer’s capacity? Are they adding capacity? Globally, is needle coke capacity additions 
taking place? Only to understand broadly that if the demand for needle coke gets repivoted more 
towards the battery side, what kind of scarcity that could do for decarbonization in the air? That’s 
broadly what I am trying to understand. Thanks. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, I will take this question. You see, about four or five years ago, when the electrode suddenly went 
into a serious shortage, and the prices went up by 3x, 4x, and so did the needle coke, I mean, 
obviously. So, at that time, obviously, we talked to all our three, four suppliers of needle coke. So, 
firstly, needle coke is also a very technology-based product. And I don’t think there has been any 
new Greenfield needle coke plant put anywhere in the world in last 78 years. And there has not been 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
any new entrant in this last 70, 80 years. And there are only three, four suppliers in the world from 
Japan and US. And so, what we realized at that time, five years ago, when the needle coke prices 
went up by three, four times, so did the electrode price. At that time, we realized that what the price 
that we can pay for needle coke, the battery guys cannot pay. Because I believe in the battery, needle 
coke is one of the maybe seven, eight, nine things which goes as part of their raw material. And so, 
needle coke can be replaced by one of these six, seven other raw materials that you can mix. But for 
graphite electrode, there is nothing that you can do. You have to only use this particular needle coke, 
which is produced by these three, four companies. So, at that time, also, while we could pay whatever 
sharp increase happens in the needle coke price, the battery guys could not pay that kind of a price. 
They had an option to replace needle coke by something else. And that something else probably is 
three, four, five, six different raw materials. So, if they were using, let’s say 10%, 12%, 15% of needle 
coke, they replace this 10%, 15% of needle coke by other four, five products that they were mixing 
in any case. And needle coke capacities have not gone up. Just like graphite electrodes, if you see the 
last 40, 50 years of graphite industry in the world, except HEG, there has not been any new expansion 
anywhere else in the world, whether in India or in Europe or America or Japan. On the contrary, the 
capacities have shrunk in the last four, five years. So, to that extent, there was no need for the needle 
coke guys also to expand. They could not sell whatever they were producing for the last five, seven 
years. 
Ajas Lakhani: 
Sorry, sir. If I understand the last bit correctly, you said that the needle coke suppliers were not able 
to sell their desired quantity for the last four, five years? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, that’s right. I mean, they were underutilized for a while. So, it’s not that battery and electrodes 
are using exactly the same kind of product. There is anode-grade coke, which all these companies 
also make. So, the needle coke per se, there is lakhs and lakhs of tons of demand for the battery coke. 
So, had it been true, then needle coke suppliers would be running more than full. But we have seen 
when the capacity utilization of GE Industry was down in the last one or two years, they had extra 
capacity to make that there is abundant supply of needle coke, which clearly shows that it was not 
exactly going to the battery application. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kirtan Mehta from Baroda BNP Paribas Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Thank you, sir, for this opportunity. Just one follow-up question again on the needle coke. You 
mentioned that we haven’t seen any material increasing in graphite electrode. 
Moderator: 
Sir, all the lines are connected. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, maybe we have lost Kirtan. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
So, apologies for that. The previous questioner’s question has been dropped. We have the next 
question, which is coming from the line of Mr. Ronak Agarwal from ithoughtPMS. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Ronak Agarwal: 
Yes, go ahead. Since GrafTech has taken up lines, do we expect this FY28 to get full price hike? 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt. Ronak sir, your line is not very much clear. If you are using any other mode, 
may we request you to use the handset, please?  
Ronak Agarwal: 
Yes. So, if GrafTech has taken a price hike of around $600 to $1,200. So, by the end of this current 
financial year, for FY28 volumes, can we expect a full price hike to be seen in our volumes also? 
Manish Gulati: 
See, everybody is talking about unlimited volumes. Sorry. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
I hope by GrafTech or we announcing that we are taking a rise of $600, $1,200, I wish the market 
behaves, the market accepts whatever we are talking about. I mean, it’s one thing to say that I want 
to do this and there is always the other side who negotiates with you. And in this business, as you 
know very well, it’s a very long process-driven industry. Some products take, the minimum time 
taken to produce electrode is about 2-2.5 months and the longest time takes as much as 4 to 5 months. 
So, obviously, in this kind of a business, we have to take orders at least for the next three to six 
months. Otherwise, we can’t even meet the delivery schedules. And then if you are exporting 70% 
to more than 30 countries, it takes time for the products to reach America. America will take like 40-
45 days to reach. So, we are committed on a certain price for a certain period of time. And similarly, 
we are also committed to buy needle coke for a certain period of time at a fixed price. So, there is a 
time lag between when you announce that you are taking a price increase and the time that you start 
getting it. 
Ronak Agarwal: 
Yes, sure. That’s it from us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rohit Potti from Marshmallow Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rohit Potti: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Your commentary is always very helpful to understand the industry 
as a whole. On needle coke specifically, we mentioned that we have supplies till June, which will 
last us till September given how the manufacturing works. But is there any indication as to with the 
Middle Eastern crisis going on, how much of an increase we are seeing in needle coke prices right 
now? Because I am guessing some amount of negotiation would have begun for the next shipment, 
right? 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Manish Gulati: 
So far, there is no indication. We have not heard from them. And maybe in the month of June or 
maybe by 15 June or something, when we actually sit down and discuss the next quarter’s contracts, 
I don’t know what they will come up with. 
Rohit Potti: 
Understood. But with the crude price increase and there is a needle coke raw metal as a derivative, 
there should be a price increase. Is that correct? 
Manish Gulati: 
Yes, it eventually comes from oil. It comes from decant oil. So, when oil goes up, of course, they are 
impacted. And we will see how the oil prices are behaving. They might come down, they might stay 
where they are. So, probably the right time when we will come to actually know if it will be sometime 
in the middle of June. 
Rohit Potti: 
Thank you. The second question is that in the opening commentary, Chairman Sir spoke about the 
regionalization of trade even in our industry, right? So, there is a lot of protective measures, including 
the CBAM measures in Europe, against steel imports. And then there is talk of countervailing and 
anti-dumping duties in US against Indian and Chinese imports, which apparently they expect to see 
an outcome by September. So, in this increasing regionalization that’s happening, how do you see 
our volumes over the next two, three years? Do you think it would affect our volume that we can 
export or it won’t impact us because of our cost competitiveness? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
It depends upon how the whole thing goes. I mean, obviously, we have taken a very strong law firm 
from India, and we have taken a very strong law firm in US. And they have taken all the data and 
everything from us. And we will know in the next four, five months as to what happens. But we don’t 
think that we are doing something seriously wrong, at least in America, where our pricing is amongst 
the highest. So, but it’s a matter of legalities. I mean, we will see what happens. But the whole world 
is becoming very protective as we have seen in the last 10-15 years. All I can say is that we are the 
lowest cost producer. So, to some extent, if they are, if these duties or taxes, whatever you want to 
call, that’s at a reasonable level, we can probably absorb it. 
Rohit Potti: 
Understood. That was helpful. And the price increase you spoke about, the primary driver of price 
increase for us in the graphite electrode industry would be driven by the cost increases related to 
what’s happening in Middle East, right? There is no other reason why there is a price increase or is 
it something else driving the price increase? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
No, their costs are much higher than ours. So, it’s not just a Middle East problem. Even before the 
Middle East problem, if you go through the quarterly results of 2-3 international companies. So, they 
have been losing money pretty big time, even before the war. 
Rohit Potti: 
So, my confusion is more around why now, right? So, this is what you have been saying has been 
going on for 3-4 years probably. But around this time, is the crisis more a coincidence or is it the 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
match that the market needed to increase prices, why this year and will it continue over the next year? 
Is it difficult to answer these questions given the volatility? 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
What exactly was your question when you said why now? 
Rohit Potti: 
No. So, what you said about the supply has been shutting down in the industry over the last 3-4 years. 
The losses in GrafTech and the Japanese players have been going on for 2-3-4 years. But we are 
seeing finally price increases potentially happening now in the graphite electrode space. So, what is 
driving the price increases to happen this year and will it continue over the next year or is it too 
difficult to answer this question? 
Manish Gulati: 
Well, sir, the graphite electrode industry was looking for a price rise not from now for the last almost 
2 years because this is unsustainable for them. For our peer group, incurring losses quarter-by-quarter 
was unsustainable. So, everybody was hoping for things to turn around and price rises to happen. But 
if you say why now, probably the last straw in the camel’s back that now with this additional Middle 
East thing war, it’s not totally unsustainable for them. So, I think now this was the right time. If not 
now, then when? It’s like that. But as you said about the timing, then I should say that all of us 
including HEG were looking for a price increase to happen for last quite a few quarters and it didn’t 
happen. And over and above, now there is a Middle East situation, rise in energy, rise in freight. So, 
this is the last straw in the camel’s back. 
Rohit Potti: 
And thank you for your answers. It’s been very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akhilesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh: 
So, my first question is on the utilization of graphite electrode. So, how much exactly it has been for 
the fourth quarter because as we say the volume is only impacted by 1000 tons but it does not 
reconcile with the Q3 numbers because in Q3 we had said that 85% utilization is there. So, on my 
numbers, it is coming at around 2,500 tons for this quarter difference. So, can you please explain 
that? 
Manish Gulati: 
See the capacity utilization when you say we are talking about production, how much we produce 
and then the sales also. If you strictly talk about capacity utilization on production, actually it’s 95% 
for the quarter. Sales wise, it is less than that. Overall, for the year, it is more than 90%. 
Akhilesh: 
Okay. So, on production wise, two and a half thousand tons of number, the difference what I am 
getting is correct. So, on the sales volume, we are down 1000 tons. 
Manish Gulati: 
Down 1000 tons. Absolutely. 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
Akhilesh: 
Okay. Sure. And the second question is that why other income has gone down during the quarter? 
Does it only constitute the interest income or any other part of income is also included in this? And 
how should we see it going ahead on quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Yes. The other income in the quarter is lower due to the loss in the fair valuation loss which we have 
classified in the other expenses. That’s why the income is coming in the quarter is lower as compared 
to the previous quarter. And going forward, it will be in the same line as we are in the previous 
quarter. 
Akhilesh: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, from my end, last quarter in Q3, we had guided for the sustenance of EBITDA 
margin of around 22% for the next couple of quarters. Then in Q4, because of all these Middle East 
crisis, we could not sustain that kind of margin. So, how should we see it now going ahead for the 
quarters and for FY27-28, if we could shed some light on that? 
Manish Gulati: 
According to me, in the first two quarters, April to June, July to September, all along these quarters, 
as Ravi Tripathi said, we have been between 15 to 20. And we have closed this year also at 20. Now, 
these two quarters where we have committed volumes maybe around 17-18 or something. I can’t 
hazard a guess. It depends upon what happens in the balance of the quarter. Should be around that 
number. Tripathi ji, if you want to correct me, please go ahead. 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Sir, these are correct. So, the EBITDA range will be the 20% we can say for the next 1st Quarter and 
to 2nd Quarter. 
Akhilesh: 
And for this whole year, it will be more than 20? Is it good to say that? Yes. 
Manish Gulati: 
Should be? 
Ravi Tripathi: 
Yes, (+20%). 
Manish Gulati: 
Should be? Okay. 
Akhilesh: 
Yes. That’s it from me. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ravi Jhunjhunwala for closing comments. 
Ravi Jhunjhunwala: 
So, I guess if there is no further question, so let me thank all of you for taking so much of interest 
and asking us some very, very probing queries. And this forces us to think about answering all these 
things, and a couple of things that maybe we would not think about otherwise. So, thank you very 

 
HEG Limited 
May 04, 2026 
 
much. And I hope you continue to ask us these uncomfortable questions, and we are able to satisfy 
you. Thank you very much. And I look forward to meeting you again in three months’ time. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the Management. On behalf of HEG Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
