 
 
RADICO KHAITAN LIMITED 
Corporate Office: Plot No. J-l, Block B-1, Mohan Co-op. Industrial area 
Mathura Road, New Delhi-110044 
Ph: (91-11) 4097 5444/555  
Registered Office: Rampur Distillery, Bareilly Road, Rampur-244901 (UP.) 
Phones: 0595-2350601/2, 0595-2350009 
E-mail: info@radico.co.in, website: www.radicokhaitan.com 
CIN No.: L26941UP1983PLC027278 
 
 RKL/SX/2026-27/14                                                                                                   May 12, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 532497 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip code: RADICO 
 
Subject: 
Ref:   
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter no. RKL/SX/2026-27/06 dated April 29, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
for Analysts and Investors held on May 7, 2026, for Quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://radicokhaitan.com/investor-relations/   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
For Radico Khaitan Limited 
 
 
 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Senior Vice President - Legal & Company Secretary  
 
Email Id: investor@radico.co.in  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Dinesh 
Kumar 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Dinesh Kumar Gupta 
Date: 2026.05.12 
16:08:52 +05'30'

P a g e | 0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Radico Khaitan Limited 
  
       (BSE: 532497; NSE: RADICO) 
 
Fourth Quarter and Full Year FY2026  
Earnings Conference call 
May 7, 2026 
 
 
 
Management Participants: 
 
Mr. Abhishek Khaitan, Managing Director 
Mr. Dilip Banthiya, Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Banga, President – International Business 
Mr. Sudhir Upadhyay, Chief Sales Officer 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Presentation: 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Radico Khaitan 
limited Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital 
Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
 
Before we begin our presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in today’s conference call may be forward-looking in 
nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to the last slide 
of our earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. We would like to thank Radico 
Khaitan’s Management for providing DAM Capital with the opportunity 
to host Q4 FY26 Earnings Call. 
Today, we have with us, Mr. Abhishek Khaitan – Managing Director, Mr. 
Dilip Banthiya – CFO, Mr. Sanjeev Banga – President (International 
Business), and Mr. Sudhir Upadhyay – Chief Sales Officer. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Abhishek Khaitan for his 
Opening Remarks. Thank you. And over to you sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us on 
Radico Khaitan’s Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
FY2026 has been an important year for Radico Khaitan and in many 
ways an inflection point in our journey. The business delivered a strong 
performance supported by disciplined execution, a richer portfolio mix 
and a continued focus on value-led growth. During the year, we 
crossed two key milestones with net revenue exceeding INR 6,000 
crores and EBITDA crossing INR 1,000 crores. 
These achievements reflect the sustainability of our business model, 
the strength of our brands, the investments we have made over the 
years, and the growing scale of our premium and luxury portfolio. 

 
 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Our Prestige & Above segment continue to lead growth while our 
Luxury portfolio delivered sales value of INR 475 crores, in line with 
our guidance. We expect to sustain this growth momentum and 
deliver 25% [value] growth in FY27 in this portfolio. 
Our recently launched Luxury-brands, Rampur 1943 Virasat Indian 
Single Malt and The Spirit of Kashmyr Luxury Vodka are gaining strong 
traction with consumers and the trade. In February this year, globally 
renowned whisky expert and author of The Whisky Bible, Jim Murray 
was in India for an exclusive tasting event of Virasat. He also visited 
Rampur for the opening of our latest stillhouse. His earlier visit to 
Rampur was nearly three decades ago when our first malt plant was 
just a couple of years old. Our current single malt portfolio not only 
showcases the craftsmanship behind various expressions but also 
reflects the growing international interest in Indian single malts. 
Alongside this, our broader premium portfolio continues to scale 
steadily across key markets, supported by sharper execution and 
increasing consumer pull. 
Royal Ranthambore Whisky delivered an outstanding performance, 
growing over 50% during the year, driven by strong demand across 
both civil and CSD channels. 
Magic Moments Vodka continued its strong trajectory with 21% 
volume growth during the year to reach 8.6 million cases and around 
INR 1,500 crores in sales value, further strengthening its leadership in 
the vodka category. During Q4, Magic Moments registered a 28% year-
on-year growth. New flavour innovations including Flavours of India 
category are contributing to this robust momentum. Going forward, 
we will continue to add more flavours as we lead disruptive growth in 
the category. 
After Dark Whisky continued to deliver strong performance, recording 
over 60% growth and crossing 3.1 million cases during the year. 
We also continue to deepen consumer engagement through focused 
marketing, on-trade activations and brand advocacy initiatives. The 
Royal Ranthambore Limited Edition Pack celebrating India’s six 
legendary tigers brought together premium storytelling with a strong 
message around wildlife conservation. Our experiential campaigns 
and focused digital engagement further helped us connect with 
younger consumers in a more authentic manner. 

 
 
 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
As we have discussed earlier, the on-trade channel continues to be a 
strategic priority for us. Over the last two years, we have made 
significant progress in building a stronger foundation and the results 
have been in line with our expectations. In FY27, we will further scale 
our on-trade agenda across advocacy, distribution expansion, key 
account partnerships and airports. These initiatives will enhance 
visibility, trials, consumer experiences and premium brand activations, 
strengthening the reach and salience of our luxury and premium 
portfolio. 
From a financial performance perspective, the year has been 
encouraging. A better portfolio mix, relatively benign input costs and 
the benefits of scale have helped us to improve margins and return. 
We will, however, continue to monitor the global environment closely, 
especially developments in West Asia, given the possible implications 
for supply chain and input costs. 
Looking ahead, the consumer environment remains supportive, and 
we remain confident about Radico Khaitan’s long-term growth 
opportunity. Our focus will remain on building our premium and 
luxury portfolio investing behind the innovation and brand equity. 
During FY27, we expect to grow our Prestige & Above portfolio volume 
by 20% and expect our EBITDA margin to expand by 125 basis points 
for the full year. 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to our CFO, Dilip 
Banthiya, for a detailed review of our financial and operational 
performance. Thank you. Over to you, Dilip. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you everyone for joining us on this call 
today. 
FY2026 was a milestone year for Radico Khaitan, with robust operating 
performance translating into higher profitability, improved return 
ratios and enhanced free cash flow generation. The result 
demonstrates the power of our premiumisation strategy, growing 
scale advantages, input cost stability and disciplined financial 
management. 
During Q4 FY26, we delivered a strong all-round performance, with 
total IMFL volume of 9.52 million cases, reflecting a 4% increase on 
year-on-year basis. The Prestige & Above category continued its strong 

 
 
 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
upward trajectory, recording 28% volume growth. This performance 
was supported by strong brand momentum and premiumisation-led 
mix improvement. Regular volume degrowth was due to a higher base 
in Q4 FY25 after the change in the route to the market in the state of 
Andhra Pradesh and the impact of policy changes in Maharashtra and 
Karnataka. 
On the profitability front, gross margin during the quarter was 48%, 
representing an expansion of 450 basis points on year-on-year basis 
and 150 basis points sequentially. The improvement was led by better 
portfolio mix, softer raw material prices and ongoing premiumisation. 
We continue to monitor the evolving situation in West Asia and are 
confident of our margin expansion trajectory over the mid-to-long 
term. 
EBITDA margin during the quarter stood at 19%, expanding 565 basis 
points year-on-year, highest ever EBITDA margin, reflecting the 
strength of our premiumisation strategy, operating leverage and 
continued cost discipline. This margin performance is an important 
outcome of the investments we have made over the years in building 
our premium and luxury portfolio. 
The improvement in profitability has also translated into stronger 
return ratios. Higher operating profit and better asset utilization have 
contributed to improved ROE and ROCE. As the Prestige & Above and 
luxury portfolio continues to scale, we expect further improvement in 
the overall capital efficiency of the business. 
Turning to the balance sheet, net debt reduced by INR 329 crores 
during the year, driven by improved profitability and cash flow 
generation. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we are on track to 
become debt-free in H1 FY27. Capital allocation continues to be 
prudent and selective with ongoing Capex largely directed toward 
maintenance, 
efficiency 
improvement 
and 
essential 
capacity 
optimization. 
In line with our commitment to the shareholder value, the Board has 
articulated a strong dividend policy with a minimum payout of 20% of 
profit after tax. This reflects our confidence in the cash generation 
capability of the business while maintaining adequate flexibility to 
invest behind future growth opportunities. 

 
 
 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Looking ahead, while we remain mindful of our external volatility, the 
current cost environment, operating leverage benefits and financial 
discipline provide comfort on margin sustainability and cash flow 
generation. Our focus will remain on driving profitable growth, 
strengthening the balance sheet, improving return ratios and 
enhancing shareholder value. 
With that, we now open the line for question-answers. 
Question & Answer: 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Hi, good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, two questions. 
Firstly, can you throw some light on sort of new product launch plans 
for Fiscal ‘27 particularly in the Prestige & Above and luxury space? And 
second, your 125 basis points EBITDA margin expansion is fairly robust 
given the commodity environment. So, how do you plan to mitigate 
the higher commodity cost? And is this margin expansion over full year 
‘26 or 4Q ‘26?  
Abhishek Khaitan: 
To answer your first question about the new launches, if you see in the 
last year itself, we have launched three-four brands in the luxury as 
well as the P&A category. So, we want to consolidate that. That will be 
our first objective and take it nationally like our Virasat Indian Single 
Malt, The Spirit of Kashmyr. Right now, it is in 10 states, we want to 
take it to 20 states. So, that will be our prime focus. Plus, we have 
launched new flavours of Magic like Jamun, Mango, Thandai, which we 
are going to again take nationally. And in the coming year what we feel 
we are going to launch is some more flavours in the Magic family and 
those will be also in the Flavours of India category. Also at the end of 
the year we will be coming out with Tequila in D’YAVOL Spirits. So, 
these are our launch plans. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, on the margin front, as you noticed that in last quarter we have 
improved our gross margin by 450 basis points and EBITDA margin by 
565 basis points and we are quite confident to add 120 basis points to 
125 basis points margins in the coming year ‘27. So, this is on 
annualized basis. We have got the price increases in some of the states 
which amount to be around 60 basis points. At the same time product 
premiumisation and operating leverage will yield us more than 200 
basis points. So, we will be more than mitigating the impact of the cost 

 
 
 
 
 
6 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
push and thereafter also we are confident to deliver 120 basis points 
to 125 basis points margin expansion. 
Aditya Soman: 
That is very clear. Thanks very much. And just one follow-up on the 
margins. So, will there also be some unlock given that you had a large 
number of new launches last year and so I am assuming there was a 
huge marketing spend behind that, so could there be some unlock in 
marketing spend as well given that the number of new launches is 
lower? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
We have been consistent in our policy on spending in the marketing 
and as we have always guided that 6% to 8% is the bracket where we 
spend the marketing expenses depending on the new launches and 
our existing flagship brand. So, we will balance out in that. Our top line 
has grown by 25% this year also. So, the increase in top line will further 
increase the quantum of the marketing expenses. 
Aditya Soman: 
Perfect. That is very clear. Thanks so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Gutka from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Thank you. Congrats on good set of numbers. Three questions from 
my side. First is on Karnataka State. Now with the new policy 
announced by the state, the pricing differences between regular and 
premium has come down, so how do you plan to capture that given 
that the gap has come down a bit, driving the premiumisation and 
upgradation agenda that we have? Second question is around West 
Bengal. Now there is a change in government that has happened. Do 
you think there could be a meaningful change in the way the market 
operates and if we can provide a framework as of now how the market 
is operating as on this? The third question is on Bihar State. We are 
hearing murmurs that prohibition could be uplifted. If you can provide 
an update that you are aware about? Thank you. 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
So, first of all regarding Karnataka which you had asked, yes, we have 
seen last time when Karnataka rationalized the pricing for the 
premium brands, there was a significant growth which has come on 
the premium brands. And since we have the portfolio of the premium 
brands like Rampur, Jaisalmer, Royal Ranthambore, etc., it is very well 
established there. We also gained the advantage on account of this 
price rationalization which has been done almost a year and a half 
back. Now, this time also we are anticipating the government is 

 
 
 
 
 
7 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
working on similar line. Although the official announcement is not 
there, in that case, if it is going to be there, we will certainly be 
benefited with that. Your second point is regarding West Bengal. West 
Bengal, it is too early to preempt anything because there is a change 
which is recently been made. So, we will wait and watch on what is 
happening in West Bengal, and on the basis of that we will put the 
strategy there. We had a strong vodka base there, so we will get the 
benefit of that. 
Vishal Gutka: 
So, is West Bengal an open market or the regulatory state as of now? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
No, it is an open market right now. So, they have private retail, etc. But 
if there are any changes which is going to happen, then we will see 
accordingly. And in Bihar, we will wait and watch. Before the 
prohibition we used to have a large consumer base in Bihar and it is a 
significantly populated state. So, we will wait and watch. In the case if 
anything happens in Bihar, we will get the benefit of it. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Got it. Wishing you all the best for the future quarters. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. So, I just had three questions. One was on the 
initial comments, Abhishek ji, on the unlock because of the distribution 
expansion on the luxury portfolio. My understanding was that you 
have already done a lot of this work. Just wanted to get your sense on 
how much more this can benefit, whether in terms of more outlets that 
you can still reach on the on-trade or maybe more products in those 
same outlets, so what is the potential still of that? The second question 
was on exports. I am sure you would have taken some impact in the 
last six months because of tariffs, etc., I just wanted to kind of get your 
thought on how fast that segment can grow going forward and how 
much impact it would have had in ‘26. And the third question is on the 
margin bit. The 100 to 125 basis points, are you already including the 
fact that there will be an India-UK FTA benefit for you possibly in the 
second half of this fiscal year? Those are my three questions. Thank 
you. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
To answer your first question regarding the expansion to the various 
states and on-trade, I think we see that especially with Virasat, 
Kashmyr, all this has a huge scope of expanding it. And on-trade also, 
what we had told about two years back with our luxury portfolio has 

 
 
 
 
 
8 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
become a key focus area for Radico. So, we are adding outlets by the 
day and this year brand advocacy is one of our most important 
initiatives. We are planning to have about close to 1,000 advocacy 
sessions in the on-trade. So, I think all these put together, that is why 
we are confident that our luxury portfolio should grow by 25% in terms 
of value from INR 475 crores. And as far as exports go, I think Sanjeev 
will answer that. 
Sanjeev Banga: 
In terms of the US tariffs at 10% it is not make or break especially for 
the luxury portfolio where the difference on the retail end would be 
about $5 to $6 a bottle. So, that is not substantial. However, the US 
market as it is, as you would have seen from all the other players as 
well, whether in the alco bev space or anything else, is on a slightly 
softer note. But we are all hopeful it will bounce back pretty soon and 
should not have any major impact on our luxury portfolio. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Regarding the margin expansion, as you said that UK-India FTA benefit, 
so 125 basis points expansion is inclusive of all, at the same time there 
can be some pluses and some minuses. So, we are conservative on our 
guidance that some something goes on cost push side due the current 
global environment. So, 125 basis points should be delivered given the 
current scenario. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Great. That is it from me. I will come back for more. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of 
numbers. Just a follow up on the previous question that to just clarify 
excluding UK FTA and given the current environment Radico is looking 
at 100 to 125 basis points improvement in margins. Is that right? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
As we said with the current scenario, I cannot predict if it goes much 
worse than what it is today. If LPG and other things go out of stock and 
some of the units of glass bottle disrupt their production and all that. 
Otherwise, we are confident because we see this should not happen 
and the geopolitical situation also should be taken care of in next 15 
to 30 days. And we have a long-standing relationship with our supply 
chain. So, we are confident about continuity of the supplies. And given 
these circumstances, we are confident to deliver that until and unless 
there something goes very, very drastically negative. 

 
 
 
 
 
9 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Okay. And sir, what I understand is Sitapur and Rampur distillery, 50% 
of it is biomass dependent and less dependent on LPG. So, on an 
overall basis, things are getting better but assuming that there are 
issues with LPG supplies, so what happens in that scenario? That is one 
question. And second question is that in glass prices, are you seeing 
any inflation right now? What is your dependence on glass, because 
the major part of it would be glass? And then a lot of alcoholic spirit 
companies have switched to hipsters and hence a dependence on PET 
bottles. So, what could be the overall impact in the current scenario if 
it increases from the current level, just a slight view on that? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Your first question regarding the power and fuel balancing. So, 90% of 
our power and fuel in both the plants Sitapur and Rampur is biofuel-
driven. So, I am not at all dependent on the LPG. So, it takes care of 
itself and the biofuel is locally available and there are boilers and 
turbines etc., which generate power. So, in both the plants we are self-
sufficient on our captive basis.  
Your second question is regarding the glass. As I said earlier that we 
have a long-standing relationship with the glass manufacturers. We do 
not foresee any impact on our glass supply. At the same time there 
has been some inflation in the glass prices in the last month; around 
15% of the glass price has increased. We have factored into our costing 
and after that also we are talking about margin expansion.  
On your third question, as the trend is going around. On the hipster 
pocket pack, it is a trendier pack and is gaining momentum. So, that is 
also reducing dependency on glass. So, that is another feature which 
is coming in the demand point of view and consumer preference point 
of view and we are promoting that also. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Understood, sir. And on a top line front when I look at your growth and 
the sustainability of that, if we have to look at a 15% to 16% at least 
revenue growth for the next few years and about a 11% to 12% volume 
growth, then a significant part of that would come from Magic 
Moments. Vodka, After Dark, 8PM Black, I do not know how that is 
moving on, and there is a part of it which Old Admiral, where you got 
benefited in Andhra. So, if you have to look for this next two years, how 
would the scenario be in terms of your brand growth? I do not want 
any figures but which would be the brand that would drive the larger 
growth, one is your INR 475 crores of luxury portfolio which will grow 
at about 25%, that we understand very well and that is doing very well? 

 
 
 
 
 
10 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
And what about the other portfolio? How have you seen the MML 
panning out, has it settled down, because that has impacted a part of 
Radico’s volumes as well? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
If you see last year our growth of P&A has been 28% and vodka, 
definitely what we are seeing is a shift towards the white spirits. Like if 
you see total market share of the white spirit in India is about 4.5%, 
whereas globally it is 28% to 29%. So, we have still a long way to get 
that conversion. And I think what we are seeing with the innovations 
of the flavour, etc., a lot of consumers are now shifting to the white 
spirit. So, I think in the time to come or in the current year, which we 
are already seeing, Magic will be a big driver of our growth. After Dark 
also has grown very well; it has grown by 62%, and we feel that it is 
gaining traction, so, growth will come from there also. And we did a 
repackaging of 8PM [Premium] Black in the second half of last year, 
and this quarter we grew by about close to 60%. So, I think growth is 
coming from all three angles. So, we are very confident that our P&A 
category volume growth for the next year will be 20%. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Understood. Thanks. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul Desai from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Mehul Desai: 
Yes, hi sir, congrats on great set of numbers. Firstly, while you did 
allude to vodka segment and P&A segment being seeing a strong 
growth, how should one look at the realization growths here, because 
obviously the luxury portfolio is also growing pretty fast, do you see 
this realization growth of low single digits that we saw in FY26 for P&A, 
can that also increase? And secondly, how do you look at the regular 
segment growth on a steady state basis? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
On the realization front, luxury is growing faster than P&A, so we 
expect that realization at volume and value delta will be in the range 
of 300 to 400 basis points as an aggregate basis. As far as your second 
question on the regular segment is concerned, as I said in my opening 
remark, because of some policy changes and higher base in Q4 of last 
year, there was a degrowth in Q4 of current year; however in the full 
year, we have grown by 30% on the regular side also and for next year, 
we expect 3% to 5% volume growth in regular category. 
Mehul Desai: 
That is a volume growth? 

 
 
 
 
 
11 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes. 
Mehul Desai: 
Got it. Thank you. That is all from my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from Infinite Asset. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes, hi sir, good evening. This is Rahul Agarwal from Infinite Asset. Sir, 
the question is related to growth. 20% P&A volume growth implies 
about 3.5 million cases roughly additional. Similar question is what the 
earlier analyst asked on which categories and brands will contribute, 
you mentioned Magic Moments, After Dark, 8PM Black repackaging. 
Are these three categories or brands going to be similar to contribute 
this 3.5 million cases, is there enough market for that? That is first 
question. Secondly, in terms of capacity related question to the growth 
outlook. To support this 20% growth, you said your CAPEX is largely 
maintenance and optimization. So, how are we placed in terms of in-
house capacity across material, packaging, bottling, printing, stuff like 
that, do we have enough to support this, give more color on this 20% 
growth? That is the first question. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the first question is regarding the 20% growth on the P&A side. Yes, 
you are right that these are the brands like Magic family is growing 
more than 20% in FY26, by 28% in Q4 and new flavours are also adding 
a lot of strength to the Magic growth. After Dark is present in a very 
large industry segment of 75 million cases. Royal Ranthambore, the 
another brand, which is also growing by more than 50%, and as a 
bouquet as some of the brands are still in a very, very nascent stage, 
therefore, we are confident to deliver 20% growth as a P&A category. 
Second question is regarding the capacity. So, around 60% to 65% of 
our bottling is outsourced by lease arrangements, etc., across India 
and 30% to 35% is being handled by us in our own plants. So, we 
believe in outsourcing that with quality tie-up arrangements, etc., So, 
we are confident. The capex as I said will be in the range of INR 150 
crores to INR 175 crores which will be largely on my internal capacity 
expansion and optimization, etc., So, we will be doing that mix of that. 
But the capacity is not a constraint for growth. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it, sir. And this entire 60%, 65% outsourced arrangements, from a 
supply chain perspective, they could face some hiccups in terms of 
whatever they are sourcing components and material from, of course 
cash is an issue and it could have some supply hiccups. In terms of our 

 
 
 
 
 
12 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
discussions with them that this outlook in terms of 20% growth also 
accounts for all the supplies on time to the vendors as well, right? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As far as the tie-up unit goes, all the material is procured by Radico, 
they are only converting it. So, all the raw material is under our control 
form supply chain point of view. So, we do not foresee any problem in 
that. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. And just lastly on employee cost, just as a direction, when I look 
at over the last four, five years, this number actually has grown much 
lower than what top line growth Radico has seen overall from a system 
level. Of course, we have been investing into people and we have been 
training people inside the company itself. But, going forward, do you 
still think this 15% cost CAGR for staff cost is enough to sustain this 
20%, 25% kind of P&A outlook over the next two, three years? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Our internal team is very strong. And second is the operating leverage 
is coming into play. As the turnover is increasing, you do not require 
the same number increase of manpower. So, the operating leverage is 
kicking in which is helping our margins also. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, it should continue the similar way as what we have seen so far over 
the last four or five years. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much and best wishes for the next year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Navani Naredi from Naredi 
Investment Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Navani Naredi: 
Congratulations and thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question 
is rising health awareness. How are you adopting your portfolio like 
premium, ready-to-drink, low alcohol to capture GenZ consumers, and 
also diversifying the portfolio which will reduce the dependence on 
Indian excise policy? That is my first question. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
As far as the GenZ goes, the white spirit is what the GenZ prefers and 
that is where our innovation of the different flavours of vodka is 
coming into play. And that is helping us to get GenZ into the white 
spirits. What I said earlier, we see that white spirit is expanding in a lot 
of states now. So, I think that is the trend we are seeing with GenZ. As 
far as low alcoholic or RTD goes as of now we do not have any major 
plans to get into it. 

 
 
 
 
 
13 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Navani Naredi: 
Yes, because these days what I observe personally is GenZ are very 
careful about what they are drinking and they do not drink too much 
also, they think and then they act. So, that was my concern like how 
are we thinking to modify our portfolio into non-alcoholic or low-
alcoholic beverages so that we can benefit in future? That was my 
concern. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
You are absolutely right. The GenZ, everyone is like health conscious, 
responsible drinking, etc. They drink less but they want to drink the 
finest. That is why you see the P&A category is growing across India 
and that is the main trend. 
Navani Naredi: 
Okay. So, like no future plans of getting into another like low-alcoholic 
drink, like many of your competitors are also entering into those 
segments, so you do not have any plan to enter those segments right 
in future? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We do not have any plans as of now. 
Navani Naredi: 
Okay. And another question is like Rampur Indian Single Malt and 
Jaisalmer and Magic Moments like these are getting a lot of traction in 
a global market like internationally also. So, like knowing that our share 
like international contribution to top line is around 8% to 9% only. So, 
going forward are we looking to penetrate even in a better way the 
global market scenario, how are we strategizing that forward? 
Sanjeev Banga: 
Yes, the international market is a very important strategic market for 
us and it is not only the international market, even the global travel 
retail that is very important. We are currently in 50-plus airports and 
our target is to cross 100 airports in a quick time. In terms of the share 
of international business, overall, thanks to our domestic business, 
which is growing at a very, very fast pace. The share keeps coming 
down. So, we are not complaining about it! 
Navani Naredi: 
All right. That was my question and thank you and I really like this, like 
this is the first time I am attending the investor call, and you are really 
doing a great job and all the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Patil from Dalal 
& Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Yash Patil: 
Yes. Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, in Q3, you flagged the 
Maharashtra industry volume down by around 20% and you said you 
will launch MML through your RNV joint venture in January. So, how 

 
 
 
 
 
14 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
has the RNV joint venture performed since launch? And what is your 
current market share in Maharashtra? And do you see the market 
recovering toward the original 2.4 million cases per month in 
Maharashtra? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
See, as far as Maharashtra is concerned, we have saliency of around 
3% to 4% of our overall business. Yes, after the MML introduction the 
IMFL industry has gone down; it has gone down by 20%, 25%. So, 
gradually MML is stabilizing. And we hope that IMFL over a period of 
time should come back to a normal position. And since we are in vodka 
category and above there, Premium & Above is a stable for us. 
Yash Patil: 
Yes. Thank you. And all the best for the future 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Jefferies. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Sir, can you spend some time on Karnataka 
policy, how do we read that, and what kind of price decline or hike we 
can expect across range of products? 
Sudhir Upadhyay: 
See, as we said earlier, that Karnataka is on a progressive march. So, 
as far as excise is concerned, they have taken this step last year also 
where they rationalized the price of premium brands. And our brands 
like Rampur Single Malt, Jaisalmer Indian Craft Gin, Royal 
Ranthambore, Sangam, Magic Moments, etc., has been benefited in a 
larger way, and other brands of the industry have also been benefited. 
It is a cosmo market at the end of the day. So, it has lot of consumption. 
Now in the second step also government is also thinking on similar 
line. But at the same time since the policy is yet not out, so we cannot 
comment. As far as market and other things are considered we can 
say that they are thinking on that line and they have seen a success of 
Premium & Above category increase, the overall saliency of the 
Premium & Above category has been increased in the last decision of 
that. So, definitely they will look forward for rationalizing the brands 
further. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Got it. And sir, what would the margin be for non-IMFL business for 
the full financial year? And how do we see the growth as well as margin 
profile of non-IMFL business going ahead? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The margin in the IMFL business is around 20% to 21% for full year, 
and non-IMFL is in the range of 9%. 

 
 
 
 
 
15 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
And how do we expect growth in non-IMFL business? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Non-IMFL business is growing at 7% to 8%. This is a natural growth of 
the industry. As far as the bulk spirit is concerned, that will be in the 
due course of time start being consumed by us captively. So, that will 
get reduced. So, the IMFL is constituting around 70% of the overall 
saliency of the top line. So, we will see a gradual shift to IMFL from non-
IMFL. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And last question is on capex. That now that we will become 
debt free in FY27 and already you have announced that minimum 20% 
would be the dividend payout policy. How do we see the incremental 
capital allocation going ahead? Would we do further capex or would 
we be looking for inorganic growth or acquisition? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The first step we have taken to have a minimum payout of 20%, and in 
due course of time, with the time passes, and the availability of cash 
generation and free cash flow available, it will be looked into. However, 
if there is an opportunity which gives us more than 20% to 25% ROCE, 
we will be looking for that opportunity. But we believe in organic 
growth rather than inorganic growth. So, as far as the acquisition or 
anything is concerned, at this point of time is being ruled out. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Sorry but I do not know whether this question was asked or not. So, in 
our assumption of 125 bps of margin expansion, do we take any 
benefit from UK-India FTA trade? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Yes, it is inclusive. All because there will be some pluses and some 
minuses. We cannot predict what kind of global and geopolitical 
situation arises. So, considering all these things, we are confident to 
deliver on 125 basis point improvement. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. So, that includes UK-India FTA trade benefit as well? Thank you 
sir. 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a 
really great set of numbers. So, first question I had is what kind of 
pricing power do we have across at least our top markets, if you can 
help me with what our top markets are in terms of salience? And when 

 
 
 
 
 
16 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
can we actually do the revisions, are there any legal restrictions or not 
on pricing revisions? Secondly, I really appreciate the goal of reaching 
the INR 1,000 crores mark and we are saying 25% CAGR to reach it in 
three years. What kind of brands are our high conviction brands and 
what kind of geographies are we betting on? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, your first question is regarding the pricing power. So, as you are 
aware that state excise policies generally represent about the reason 
for seeking price increases and the state government consider it now 
positively because their concern is also the revenue. As we said that 
seven to eight states has already given the price increase and this is a 
continuous process which the industry associations keep doing with 
the state government, and some of the talks are still on and because 
of the cost push being faced by the industry. I cannot say that which 
are the states, but yes, it is an ongoing process.  
Karan Kamdar: 
Sir, Part-2 luxury market, what are we sort of betting on, what are our 
top brands that we are focusing on for turning INR 475 crores into INR 
1,000 crores? And I am sure we will show luxury as a separate line item 
as well when we reach there. So, what are we betting on in terms of 
brands and geographies? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Our guidance first of all is 25% for the next year, not for three years. 
After that we will see. But we are very confident on our luxury portfolio 
because we are seeing growth coming from everywhere. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay. No particular product or category that we are betting on? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Rampur Indian Single Malt, the Expressions of Rampur, the Virasat 
Indian Single Malt, the Spirit of Kashmyr, Jaisalmer, Royal 
Ranthambore are all these brands. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay, got it, sir. And sir, if you can just list out what are the top three 
states and what salience we have in those states that would be very 
helpful? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
So, the top three states are Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, 
[Telangana, Karnataka] and Rajasthan. We are pretty well spread out 
in terms of our saliency. North, south, everywhere. I think Radico is 
growing, but these key states. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Okay, thank you sir. And all the best for the future. 

 
 
 
 
 
17 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Hello, sir. One, I would like to know given that MML is right now 
established in Maharashtra and stabilizing and you have a JV there 
which is allowing you to participate within that industry and you have 
already lined up some pretty eye-catching products and given that the 
competitors within said segment would not always be backed by large 
companies such as yours, given that, do you expect the JV in 
Maharashtra to take a substantial portion of this increasing market? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We are aiming about 10% MS of the MML category and we just 
launched it a couple of months back and the response to the brand is 
quite encouraging. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes, that is definitely there. I have seen the products within the range 
and of course there is no debate that your products stand out across 
the line in that category. And given that this distribution strength you 
have and backing of the main company, the growth of course there is 
going to be substantially high if the entity stabilizes. Now here, given 
that the growth is going to be coming from this segment and that is 
the market you are aiming at, is there more investments going to be 
made in the JV? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
No, the JV is self-sufficient. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Even for this market share grab that you are looking at? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
Yes, absolutely, because it is more of creating the brand and the 
distribution leverage and the JV itself is throwing lot of cash. So, I think 
there is no requirement of any investment. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. So, next question is on the UP side. In UP IMFL, we are 
sometimes No.1 or No.2. But in Financial Year ‘26 where do we end it 
at No.1 position or 2 position officially? 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
We are No.1. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Okay. Currently, we have moved to number one. And within the space 
of UPML segment, the growth there and how much market are we 
aiming to capture there? First of all, is the segment itself as exciting as 
the state policy makes it to be and other consumers also as excited 
about this segment? 

 
 
 
 
 
18 | P a g e 
 
Q4 FY2026 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Abhishek Khaitan: 
I think our market share there is about close to 25%, 26% and we are 
aiming at the normal growth what the market will be having. We are 
not looking at abnormal growth there. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. And in particular on the UPML segment, the excitement 
is there as the state makes it to be? 
Dilip Banthiya: 
Consolidated, we are talking about 24%, 25% market share in UPML 
and UPCL. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood. 
Saket Somani: 
Our objective and our focus area, core business is on IMFL side which 
continues to grow in very, very strong double digit. 20% is our guidance 
and we continue to focus on that across markets. 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Understood sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Dilip Banthiya: 
The current environment reinforces the strength and resilience of 
Radico Khaitan’s business model. Strong operating performance, 
margin expansion and improved return ratio and healthy cash flow 
generation, reflect the quality of our growth and the impact of the 
disciplined execution. With a differentiated premium-led portfolio, a 
robust balance sheet and continued focus on financial discipline, we 
are well positioned to navigate near-term uncertainties and sustain 
our profitable growth trajectory. We remain confident in the road 
ahead and committed to creating long-term value for our 
stakeholders. Thanks for joining us today. I look forward to connecting 
with you next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines 
*** 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability.  
For more information, please contact:  
Saket Somani 
Senior Vice President – Finance & Strategy 
somanis@radico.co.in | +91 11 4097 5403 
