 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
(formerly known as Saatvik Green Energy Private Limited) 
(a Saatvik Group Company) 
Corporate Office: Tower A, IFFCO Complex, Plot No. 3, Institutional Area, Sector 32, Gurugram, Haryana- 122001,  
Tel.: 1800-547-1151 | W.: www.saatvikgroup.com | E.: info@saatvikgroup.com| CIN: L40106HR2015PLC075578 
Registered Office: Village Dubli, V.P.O. Bihta, Tehsil Ambala, Haryana- 133101, India 
 
Ref.: SGEL/SE/2026-27/21 
May 25, 2026  
 
To,  
To,  
Listing Department  
Listing Department  
BSE Limited  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street  
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla  
Mumbai – 400001 
Complex Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code: 544526 
Symbol: SAATVIKGL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 
31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on May 21, 2026 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) for the Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The aforesaid transcript of the earnings conference call is also available on the website of the Company 
i.e., https://saatvikgroup.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
For Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
(Formerly known as Saatvik Green Energy Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Jyoti Verma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enc.: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jyoti Verma
Digitally signed by 
Jyoti Verma 
Date: 2026.05.25 
17:09:13 +05'30'

 
 
“Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
4QFY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NEELESH GARG – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – SAATVIK GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. PRASHANT MATHUR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SAATVIK GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MR. RISHABH MEHTTA – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SAATVIK GREEN ENERGY LIMITED 
 
ADFACTORS PR – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRAKHAR PORWAL – AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
Conference Call hosted by Ambit Capital Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prakhar Porwal from Ambit Capital. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the 4QFY26 earnings call of Saatvik 
Green Energy Limited. Today, we have with us Mr. Neelesh Garg, Chairman and MD; Mr. 
Prashant Mathur, CEO; Mr. Rishabh Mehtta, Interim CFO, and the Adfactors IR team. 
 
We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management, after which we will 
have the forum open for the interactive Q&A. I must remind you that this conference call may 
include forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions, and expectations of the company as of the date of this call. The statements are not a 
guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Neelesh Garg, Chairman and MD of Saatvik Green 
Energy Limited, for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Neelesh Garg: 
Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to Saatvik Green Energy 
Limited's earnings call to discuss the company's performance for the fourth quarter and 
financial year ended FY26. Thank you all for joining us today and for your continued trust, 
confidence, and support towards Saatvik Green Energy. 
 
FY26 has been a defining year in Saatvik's journey, not only from a financial and operational 
standpoint but, more importantly, from a strategic perspective, as we laid the foundation to 
become a fully integrated clean energy manufacturing and solutions platform. 
 
Before discussing our performance, I would like to briefly touch upon the larger 
transformation underway in the global energy ecosystem. Over the last few years, and more 
recently amid geopolitical uncertainties and supply chain disruptions across global markets, 
one thing has become increasingly clear: energy security is now a strategic national priority for 
countries across the world. 
 
For import-dependent economies like India, renewable energy is no longer only an 
environmental objective; it is becoming a critical pillar of economic resilience, industrial 
competitiveness, and long-term energy independence. India today stands at the center of this 
global transition. 
 
The country crossed nearly 150 gigawatt of installed solar capacity during FY26 and added 
approximately 44.6 gigawatt of solar capacity during the year, which is amongst the highest 
annual additions globally. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Renewable energy now contributes meaningfully to India's peak power demand, reflecting the 
increasing role of clean energy in the country's power infrastructure. At the policy level as 
well, the outlook for India's renewable energy sector remains highly supportive. 
 
Government initiatives such as PM Surya Ghar Yojana, PM-KUSUM, ALMM, and domestic 
manufacturing programs, together with India's ambitious target of achieving 500 gigawatt of 
non-fossil fuel capacity by 2030, are driving long-term growth opportunities for companies 
with strong manufacturing capabilities, execution strength, and integrated operations. This is 
not a cyclical opportunity; this is a multi-decade structural transformation of India's energy 
infrastructure, and Saatvik is positioning itself accordingly. 
 
Against this backdrop, I am pleased to share that FY26 has been a defining and 
transformational year for Saatvik Green Energy, marked by record financial and operational 
performance, strong strategic execution, and continued strengthening of the company's long-
term growth foundation. During the year, we achieved record production and sales volumes, 
maintained healthy capacity utilization levels, strengthened our balance sheet considerably, 
and further enhanced our market positioning within India's rapidly evolving renewable energy 
ecosystem. 
 
Importantly, FY26 was not only about scale, but also about building the foundation for 
Saatvik's next phase of long-term growth. We made meaningful progress across backward 
integration, manufacturing expansion, and diversification into adjacent clean energy and power 
infrastructure segments. 
 
Our order book remains robust, providing strong visibility into the coming quarters and 
reinforcing customer confidence in Saatvik's execution capabilities and product offerings. The 
detailed financial and operational performance for the quarter and full year will be covered by 
our Interim CFO, Mr. Rishabh Mehtta, in the subsequent section. 
 
FY26 was also one of the most strategically significant years in Saatvik's journey. At the core 
of our long-term strategy is backward integration and the creation of a fully integrated energy 
solutions and manufacturing platform. In line with this vision, our Odisha integrated 
manufacturing project continues to progress well and remains firmly on track as per the 
planned execution timeline. 
 
Significant progress has already been achieved across several structural and infrastructure 
development activities, while equipment mobilization and installation activities are advancing 
in line with scheduled milestones. 
 
Earlier, Saatvik's solar cell manufacturing roadmap was envisaged at 4.8 gigawatt. However, 
aligned with the accelerating domestic manufacturing opportunity, strong policy momentum, 
and the company's long-term integrated growth vision, Saatvik has now scaled its solar cell 
manufacturing ambition to 6 gigawatt. We believe this represents a defining strategic 
milestone in the company's evolution and firmly positions Saatvik amongst India's emerging 
large-scale integrated renewable energy manufacturing platforms. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Further, as part of our broader long-term integration roadmap, Saatvik is also progressing 
towards entry into ingot and wafer manufacturing with a planned capacity of 6 gigawatt. We 
believe this will represent another transformational step in strengthening backward integration 
and building a comprehensive presence across the solar manufacturing value chain. 
 
During the year, we successfully commissioned our 2-gigawatt EPE encapsulant 
manufacturing facility in Ambala, marking another key milestone. Building on this progress, 
we have now expanded our encapsulant manufacturing roadmap from 2 gigawatt to 5 gigawatt, 
further strengthening supply chain control, operational resilience, and long-term integration 
capabilities. 
 
Over the long term, Saatvik aims to progressively build a comprehensive, end-to-end 
integrated energy platform spanning manufacturing, storage, power electronics, components, 
and energy infrastructure, positioning the company for full value chain integration within the 
evolving energy ecosystem. 
 
During FY26, we made significant progress across several strategic growth areas aligned with 
this long-term vision. We entered the transformer manufacturing segment by acquiring an 80% 
stake in Melcon Transformers and Electricals Private Limited, marking Saatvik's strategic 
entry into the broader power transmission and energy infrastructure segment. We also 
launched our UDAY Series on-grid inverters as part of our expanding power electronics 
portfolio, further strengthening our downstream energy solutions offerings. 
 
Our solar pump business saw strong momentum during the year and is steadily evolving into a 
meaningful, high-growth vertical for the company, supported by growing rural electrification 
initiatives and government programs such as PM-KUSUM. 
 
In parallel, we launched Saatvik Power Storage Solutions Limited, focused on battery energy 
storage systems. As renewable energy adoption accelerates, energy storage is expected to 
become a critical pillar of the future energy ecosystem, enabling grid stability, reliability, and 
energy management capabilities. 
 
Building on this opportunity, the company is also progressing towards expansion across BESS 
solutions for the commercial and industrial segment, hybrid and off-grid inverters, and B2C-
focused solar kits. 
 
Additionally, Saatvik is actively expanding its ancillary and component manufacturing 
ecosystem, including aluminum frames, ribbons, junction boxes, and other critical solar 
components, further strengthening integration capabilities and supply chain resilience. 
 
Our broader objective is very clear: to progressively build a fully integrated end-to-end energy 
platform with capabilities spanning across the entire value chain, including generation, storage, 
power electronics, components, transmission, and broader energy infrastructure. 
 
Further reinforcing our commitment towards sustainability and responsible manufacturing, 
Saatvik was awarded the Bronze Medal rating by EcoVadis during the year, reflecting the 
company's continued focus on ESG and sustainable manufacturing practices. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
 
As the energy transition accelerates, we believe the industry's future will increasingly be 
driven by integrated energy ecosystems spanning generation, storage, transmission, and 
broader energy infrastructure. Saatvik is positioning itself with that long-term vision. 
 
Going forward, our focus remains on timely commissioning and stabilization of new 
capacities, strengthening backward integration, disciplined growth, operational excellence, and 
the long-term value creation for all stakeholders. With a strong order pipeline, major expansion 
projects nearing commissioning, improving financial strength, and multiple new growth 
engines taking shape, we remain highly confident about the opportunities ahead. 
 
With that, I would now hand over the call to our Interim CFO, Mr. Rishabh Mehtta, to take 
you through the detailed financial and operational performance for the quarter and full year. 
Thank you. 
Rishabh Mehtta: 
Thank you, Neeleshji, and good morning, everyone. I will now take you through the financial 
performance for the fourth quarter and full-year ended FY26. 
 
FY26 has been a landmark year for Saatvik Green Energy, with the company delivering its 
highest-ever operational and financial performance across key parameters. The year was 
marked by strong revenue growth, record production and sales volumes, improved operational 
scale, and continued strengthening of the balance sheet. 
 
Our performance during FY26 reflects the strength of our manufacturing platform, execution 
capabilities, customer relationships, and the growing demand environment within India's 
renewable energy sector. 
 
For the full year FY26, revenue from operations increased to 45,484 million, registering a 
strong growth of around 111% year-on-year and representing the highest ever annual revenue 
achieved by the company. 
 
EBITDA for FY26 stood at 5,811 million, reflecting a growth of around 62% year-on-year. 
EBITDA margin for FY26 stood at 12.78%. Profit after tax increased to 3,571 million, 
registering a growth of around 64% year-on-year and representing the highest ever profitability 
achieved by Saatvik. PAT margin for FY26 stood at 7.85%. 
 
Operationally, as well, FY26 was our strongest year to date. Total production during the year 
stood at 3,162 megawatt, as compared to 1,459 megawatt in FY25. Total sales volumes 
increased significantly to 3,138 megawatt during FY26, as against 1,389 megawatt in FY25. 
Capacity utilization remained healthy at over 84% during the year, demonstrating strong 
operational efficiency and demand visibility. 
 
From a balance sheet perspective, the company remains financially strong. Our debt-equity 
ratio improved significantly to 0.65, as compared to 1.34 in FY25, reflecting prudent financial 
management, reduction in leverage, and improved financial flexibility even as we continue to 
invest towards future expansion and initiatives. Our confirmed order book remains robust at 
approximately 5.89 gigawatt, as of March 2026, providing strong forward revenue visibility 
for the coming quarters. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
During the year, the company also continued to make strategic investments toward 
manufacturing expansion, backward integration, and strengthening its presence across the 
broader renewable energy ecosystem. 
 
For quarter four FY26, the company reported its highest-ever quarterly revenue performance, 
with the revenue from operations standing at 16,077 million, while EBITDA and profit after 
tax stood at 1,166 million and 604 million, respectively. 
 
Overall, the financial performance for FY26 demonstrates Saatvik's ability to scale 
profitability, execute consistently, and build a strong foundation for long-term sustainable 
growth. 
 
With that, I conclude the financial update for the quarter and full-year FY26. We would now 
like to open the floor for question and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Naman Jain with Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Naman Jain: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Naman. 
Naman Jain: 
Yes. So my question is on the drop in profitability, which has happened this quarter. What's 
the reason for it, because from what I can see your realizations have gone up? I'm assuming a 
part of it is because of silver prices, you know, commodities prices being up. And long run, do 
you see more orders being with compressed margins or are you seeing margins holding up? If 
you can address the first question then I'll have a follow-up question. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Okay. Good morning, Naman. This is Prashant Mathur. So the major reasons for the decrease 
in EBITDA are, as you rightly mentioned, correct, because there was an increase in 
commodity pricing, which really impacted our input costs across the value chain. You know, 
solar cell procurement cost was driven by a high increase in silver prices. Aluminum frame 
cost also risen due to rise in aluminum prices. Copper and other key raw material also, because 
of the high oil prices also coming after this war, has escalated our input cost. 
 
Also, the depreciation of the Indian rupee against the dollar results in higher import and 
procurement costs for key components. Also, you know, this war started on 20th February, so 
last quarter you have orders which are at fixed price contracts and, you know, it was not 
possible for us to pass on the increase in the input cost and the dollar cost immediately and, 
you know, that compressed our margin for that period. 
Naman Jain: 
The new orders that you're getting, right, what margins do you think they'll come at? And 
secondly, what's your view on this ALMM-II implementation? Do you think it's going to get 
pushed? Because we are hearing from some other participants, as in some other companies, 
right, that there is some possibility, but what is your view on it? 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. So, you know, the orders are, some of them we will be able to pass on the fluctuations 
and some of them we will have to absorb, because, you know, ultimately the customer, whom 
we are serving, has either they have an EPC contract, or they are a developer, and they also 
have their contracts or PPA signed at a particular tariff. 
 
So whatever change in cost occurs also impacts them in their project execution. So it depends 
from order to order. For some of the orders, we will be able to pass on that, you know, change 
and for other, we will have to absorb some of some of that compression. 
Naman Jain: 
Understood. And your view on ALMM-III? 
Prashant Mathur: 
We believe that, you know, today we are already on the 21st, and ALMM-II is about to -- 
you're talking about ALMM-II, right? 
Naman Jain: 
Yes. ALMM-II. 
Prashant Mathur: 
No, no. ALMM-II is just around the corner, which is coming from 1st onwards. So that is 
there. And ALMM-III has already been declared, which is really good for the industry, 
because we have a clear path on how the ecosystem is built up commitment from the 
government, and we are also aligned with that. 
 
And, you know, that's going to start from June 2028. There is the requirement of at least three 
manufacturers of 15 gigawatt cumulative capacity, which we believe is a clear mandate that, 
you know, ALMM-III is coming, and it is going to be a good move for the overall 
manufacturing ecosystem for renewable energy. 
Naman Jain: 
Prashant, when do you think your cell will come online, and what is the plan of -- from what I 
understand 2.4 will come first and then you'll increase it to 6, right? So, when will 2.4 
commission and stabilize, and when will 6 gigawatt total commission and stabilize? If you can 
give the timeline? 
Prashant Mathur: 
So 2.4, we are already. If you see our investor presentation, our civil and our building are 
ready, and we are getting our equipment move-in, which is going to start. Module equipment 
move-in will start from June, and cell equipment move-in will start from July. So we believe 
that in the second half of the year beginning, we'll be able to start our cell production and then 
ramp up. So we are very, very close to our cell production start of 2.4 gigawatt. 
 
And the second phase which was also 2.4 has been increased to 3.6 because, you know, the 
policy stability we see, and we also see that the market is now ripe for, you know, higher cell 
requirement, because most of the tenders are now in that, you know, local cell manufacturing. 
 
So that 3.6 civil work will start immediately after our first phase is done. So we are expecting 
civil work to start from August onwards for our Phase II, and we believe that by the middle of 
next financial year, we will have our 3.6 gigawatt also up and running. So we'll be 6 gigawatt 
by somewhere around mid of -- around July -- yes, June-July 2027. 
Naman Jain: 
So your utilities are completed in 2.4? 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. 
Naman Jain: 
Okay. So you're just now installing the equipment, and then you'll start production by July, if 
I'm correct? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. That's the plan. 
Naman Jain: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you a lot for your responses. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah with DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Hi sir. Now just only the order book of 5.89 gigawatts, could you help with what 
proportion of this order book is on a fixed price basis? 
Prashant Mathur: 
In the order book, the large utility customers, is almost 65% wherein we will be able to -- most 
of it will be pass-through and the rest C&I customers will be on a fixed price basis. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. So, sir, in terms of your non-DCR margins, how do you see them shaping up for 
FY27 as you execute this order backlog? The reason why I'm asking is that there's been high 
volatility, right? So, will it be 7%, which was your 4Q margin, or will it be 12%, which was 
your FY26 margins, or somewhere in the middle, if you could just guide some on that? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Kunal, it's difficult to give a number right now, but what we can -- what we see next year is 
that, you know, it's going to be a good and stable year ahead. And next year will also be a 
growth, ably supported by our backward integration strategy wherein cell manufacturing is 
round the corner, which we are very aggressively trying to, you know, advance as soon as, you 
know, as much as possible. 
 
But what we see is that -- and that cell manufacturing, that revenue, and our bottom line 
margins will significantly improve in the second half of the year. But what we are seeing now 
is a war situation, a force majeure situation right now. And we expect that the first quarter, 
because this war still continues. The first quarter will be a little softer, because there's high 
fluctuation, which is really extraordinary fluctuations both in, you know, the US dollars and 
commodities and oil prices, and all these are key components in manufacturing. 
 
So I cannot give you a number per se, but what we see is, you know, overall what is happening 
long-term is very good for the industry. Short-term pain is there, but overall, you know, the 
margins will significantly be better in the second half of the year. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. And sir, in terms of your internal assumptions, like how are we building the 
production, or if you could just give the production guidance for cells for the second half of 
FY27, because your effective capacity will be around 1.2 gigawatt. So, what is the production 
that we are aiming for? 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Prashant Mathur: 
We'll try to maximize the production. Internally, we have taken very ambitious targets, but, 
you know, from the market point of view, we would like to give conservative numbers, but 
still we believe that we will be able to optimize our production for the second half of the year. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And thirdly sir, on the capex front, how would the capital outgo look like 
for '27 and '28 as we are planning this entire 6 gigawatt cell capacity? So, you know, how 
would that shape up? And a related question is, how do you see the net debt shaping up, right, 
over the next two years, given that we are entering into a major capex phase? 
Prashant Mathur: 
So, for FY27, our capex requirement for this expansion is about 1,700 crores. So it will be a 
mix of debt-equity. Partly that will be funded -- the equity will be funded from accruals and 
debt we are already working on. So that will be our requirement for FY27. 
Kunal Shah: 
But the 1,700 -- okay, and then obviously there'll be some flow-through of the 3.6-gigawatt 
cell line for FY28, you're saying? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. And for FY28 will be in the similar range, because in FY27 we’ll be working on our 6-
gigawatt ingot project, FY28, yes. So we are already in FY27. So FY28 will be working on our 
6-gigawatt ingot project. So the capex requirement for that will be about 2,500 crores, but it 
will be in two phases. So we see around 1,800 crore to 2,000 crore capex will be required in 
FY28 as well. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. And sir, on the debt side, given that would swell as well, what is the comfort of the 
promoters in terms of either absolute debt or a gearing ratio, net debt-EBITDA, what -- I mean, 
what would be the upper level of that? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. Our current debt-equity is 0.65, but we feel that our debt-equity will remain at around 1.1 
-- between 1 and 1.5 times ratio, not more than that. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Understood. Sure sir. This is helpful. All the best. Thank you. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Thank you, Kunal. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sahil Sheth with Anand Rathi Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Sahil Sheth: 
Hi sir. Sir, so just a follow-up on a previous question where you mentioned that rupee 
depreciation has led to a bit of cost increase. From what I understand, in the industry, your 
orders are also booked in dollar terms, so wouldn't the rupee depreciation also help in 
increasing your realization in rupee terms? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes, Sahil, that is there, but, you know, what happens is, as on end of February, we were at 88 
rupees a dollar and, you know, nobody was expecting this. And so what happens is when you 
have orders for a quarter, LCs are opened and based on proforma invoices and when you have 
-- so for one month or for three months dispatches, you have LCs which are made. So at that 
time the dollars are fixed. And, you know, because production planning is based on that only. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
So once you have -- your dollar is fixed, your LCs are opened then you cannot -- you have to 
execute that. And what happened is that the dollar rapidly went from 88 to 94 in no time. And 
that was like 5%-6% of dollar impact, which was there -- which was an extraordinary situation. 
Nobody expected that to happen, you know, because this war was also not expected that, you 
know, it will suddenly happen. So that is the reason why you see that, you know, we have that 
dollar fluctuation impacting us in the last quarter. 
Sahil Sheth: 
Got it, sir. And my second question would be on our encapsulant capacity. What would be the 
percentage of the total cost of the modules encapsulant takes, and what cost savings are we 
incurring by having an in-house production versus external third-party sourcing? 
Prashant Mathur: 
So, encapsulant cost is around 7% to 10% of the module cost, now oil prices have also gone 
up. But what happens is that the reason why we have is, firstly, we are building it not only for 
our supply chain resilience, but also as a separate business unit. 
 
So initially we started this 2 gigawatt for our internal usage, but what we have found is that 
there are, you know, manufacturers who are not good at planning and they are not importing, 
they are not able to secure. So they are ready to pay a premium on encapsulant. And also, since 
these are highly dependent on oil prices, especially polyolefins. 
 
So what happens is that for us, it has been a good move, and that's the reason why we are 
expanding this capacity, which is one for our internal consumption and also for selling in the 
business. The savings which we get from our internal manufacturing are between 5% to 10%, 
depending on, you know, what prices we are able to secure the raw material, but it gives us an 
added advantage. 
Sahil Sheth: 
Okay. Sir, but if I look at our planned capacity, we have a module planned capacity of 8.8 
versus an encapsulant capacity of 5 gigawatt. So if we are -- we will be selling our encapsulant 
sheet to third party, wouldn't our sourcing get more expensive for the remaining part of our 
module consumption? 
Prashant Mathur: 
No, no. It's not -- yes, so it -- that is what smart sourcing is. So we do not intend, as of now, to 
match our encapsulant capacity to our module capacity, but we are building it to give us, you 
know, the base load for our encapsulant manufacturing, and we'll see how it goes in the future. 
If we require it, we will be able to match it or maybe even exceed it, but it is too early as of 
now to speak on that. 
Moderator: 
Does that answer your question, Sahil? 
Sahil Sheth: 
Yes sir. So just wanted to understand in terms of PLF, the EVA capacity PLFs would also 
range between 80%, 90%? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. Capacity utilization is about 80%, yes. 
Sahil Sheth: 
And for, let's say, from a conversion perspective, like 1 gigawatt of EVA will be equivalent to, 
you know, sufficient for 1 gigawatt of module? 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. 
Sahil Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prakhar Porwal with Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Thank you. Sir, my first question is on working capital, which, so if I see three cash flow 
conversions that have gone down to almost 17%-18%, led by an increase in creditors and -- 
sorry, reduction in creditors and reduction in some advances to customers. So, why has the 
cash conversion been very low in the last two to three years, not just about FY26? That is 
question one. 
Rishabh Mehtta: 
Yes. So I mean, as far as the cash conversion goes on, I mean, there are many factors to it. So, 
in the past year, I mean, we have had many orders which are from large-scale PSU orders. So 
the recovery cycle on those are about 90 to 120 days. And we also had, particularly in quarter 
four, a good amount of PSU orders where the recovery cycle is 90 to 120 days, so the recovery 
comes approximately in the next financial year by April and May. 
 
And I would also like to add that our debtors are secured against LC, but still it takes around 
45 to 60 days for the procurement because the sales happen, the dispatches happen, and the 
lead time that it takes, and also the dispatches if are more in the southern part of the India since 
we're in the northern part of the India, the dispatches take time. 
 
And also, I mean about giving our good portion of the amount of dispatches that were in the 
last 30 to 45 days in the last quarter, if you see, so that the recovery happens in April and May. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
And anything on creditors? I see a sharp reduction in the number of days for creditors. 
Rishabh Mehtta: 
So basically, like as Prashant ji said about the war situation and everything, so you know, get 
the better pricing and the volatility in the markets, so our creditor days were basically 
normalized during the year because of these situations, and we gave the creditors, I mean, we 
paid the creditors better to get better pricing to ensure our cost of production reduces. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Understood. And the second question is on the module -- on the cell which you mentioned that 
it will get commissioned by the first half, and then production from the second half. Just 
wanted to understand, given all the utility customers and even C&I would have stringent 
quality audits, etc. to make sure the efficiencies are good enough as compared to peers. 
 
So I guess it will take some time to get impanelled on their list of vendors. So, will that mean 
that maybe initially, for maybe a year or so, you would serve in the rooftop retail market, or 
would the orders for C&I come through in the next six-seven months by the time your line 
comes in? Just wanted to understand how ordering, etc., takes place and when that would 
reflect in your order book. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Prashant Mathur: 
We are already filling our order book, and equipment move-in is starting from July, and ramp-
up will also start in the second quarter. So initially, you're right, but we are in a situation 
wherein Mono PERC is also in very high demand, which is a very inefficient cell. So it is more 
like a seller's market right now for solar cells, and there is very high demand in the retail 
segment, especially in the PM Surya Ghar and the KUSUM segment. 
 
So initially, we will be focusing on the retail segment, and we believe that because we have 
gone in with the same set of equipment and technical know-how, the technical staff will also 
be coming along with it. So we are very confident that we'll be able to stabilize our efficiencies 
in a very short period of time, wherein we'll be able to get into C&I and the large utility 
segment also by the end of the third or beginning of the fourth quarter of this year. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Okay. And this is a G12R line? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Correct. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Okay. And just lastly, yes, on margins if you -- I mean if you can just talk on how is the 
current scenario in terms of when you are taking orders, let's say 1.8 gigawatt of orders that 
you take -- that you took in this quarter. I know prices have increased because of raw material 
inflation, but is there an impact on margins given competitive intensity, or are you able to—at 
least from the orders you are taking now —pass on the increased cost to the customer? That is 
the last question. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. As I said earlier also, we are able to pass some of the increase to our customer, but what 
the current situation is that the costs are rising, but the -- our customers their project cost are 
also fixed and it -- the gestation cycle is between 18 to 24 months, at least from 6 to 24 months 
is when they close the orders and the PPA and price fluctuations happen two-three times 
within the cycle when they start ordering modules. 
 
So they are also very restricted on how much increase they are able to pass on or to absorb. So 
it is more like some orders that are C&I, you are able to take them and pass them on. Some of 
the large utility orders you have to absorb, or there are pass-throughs because of your 
agreements with them, either they are providing cells also to you, or it's a dollar contract. 
 
So every customer is unique, and every situation is handled at its face value. But overall, what 
we see is that the margins are obviously getting compressed because of the war situation. Oil 
has gone up from $60 to $100, which is also encapsulant, and oil-based; freight costs have 
gone up, and commodities, you know, the dollar is going up every day. So there is a 
compression, but it is across every industry, I would say, and every business right now. The 
same is in our industry as well right now. 
Prakhar Porwal: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nishita with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Nishita: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my questions. I had a few questions. So again, on the margin front 
only, you mentioned that because of the war, we are seeing that the margins are getting 
compressed. So like how do we see margins in FY27 on the overall level? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. So in overall '27 we see that margins are going to be stable and good because firstly we 
feel that from the second quarter of this year, the industry is going to be back because we see 
that the war should ultimately come to a halt. And also, our cell production is starting, which 
will give a good bump to our bottom line. So, overall, we see that the margins will be quite 
healthy and stable for FY27. 
Nishita: 
So, like, can we see them returning to the previous 15% level? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Difficult to give a number, but yes, we feel that it will return to a healthy number that existed. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And my next question is on our current order book of 5.89 
gigawatts. What is the execution timeline for that? 
Prashant Mathur: 
The execution timeline is for 18 months. We have taken orders which have a timeline of 18 
months, but some of them are also, 3 to 3 to 12 months. 
Nishita: 
Hello? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Can you hear me? 
Nishita: 
Yes. Sorry. Your voice was not audible at all. You mentioned that 18 months is the execution 
timeline? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. Yes. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Okay. And do we have any new orders in pipeline? What is our order book pipeline? 
Prashant Mathur: 
So order book pipeline is 5.89 gigawatt, which is about INR8,000 crores. 
Nishita: 
That is our current order book, right? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Current order book, and we have -- we are working on several opportunities both in DCR and 
non-DCR. So we are building our order book as we speak, and we'll be announcing some very 
soon as well. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And I just wanted to understand the overall 6 gigawatt of cell 
consumption. Is that going to be completely captive consumption or are we going to use it to 
sell it outside also? 
Prashant Mathur: 
As of now, we have built it for self-consumption only, but what we feel is that there are 
enough non-DCR orders in the pipeline, which will take another 12 months to 18 months to 
execute. So we'll see there is enough demand for DCR cells also. 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
 
So we'll see how our orders and orders -- whichever gives us a better margin, we will prefer to 
take that direction. So we cannot really give a clear mandate that we will not sell any cell in 
the market, but we'll take an informed call as the business progresses and how our order book 
fills, whichever has a better margin, we'll take that. 
Nishita: 
Understood. And I just wanted to clarify something. A previous participant mentioned that our 
orders are booked in dollar terms. So I just wanted to understand what orders this is referring 
to? Are these the Indian orders that we take, because from what I understand, we don't have a 
very large export order book? 
Prashant Mathur: 
No, no. What happens is that when you have long-term orders, you have to deal with the 
inherent nature of this industry, which is that there are price fluctuations, because a lot of 
commodities are involved in the prices. So when you have a long-term order, which is going to 
be executed in 18 months' time, to ensure that it's a fair business for both parties, what we 
normally do is we plug three types of possible fluctuations. 
 
One is the dollar fluctuation. The other is the silver cost. So normally, now that we will have 
our own cell, you will have the wafer cost plus kind of a contract. When you have only a 
module, then it is a cell plus processing kind of a contract. 
 
And the third is the change in law, because it's also a very policy-driven business. So there are 
changes in policies. You have custom duty changes. You have anti-dumping. You have tax 
changes. So those three fluctuations are normally captured in a long-term contract. So that is 
what he was talking about, the dollar fluctuation. So these contracts are done in dollar terms. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. And my last question is about EPC. What EPC revenue contribution 
did we have in FY26? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Our EPC contribution was about 150 megawatt, which is about 3%-4% of our bottom line. We 
only take EPCs that are profitable and have a high margin, because that is not our core 
business. In terms of the breakup of our other part of EPC, which is the solar pump projects, 
also, that was 1% of our top line, which was about 50 crore of our revenue came from solar 
pumps. 
Nishita: 
Okay. And the 3% to 4% contribution is on the bottom line, right? 
Prashant Mathur: 
Top line. 
Nishita: 
That's on top line. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes. Bottom line is also similar. 
Nishita: 
Same, okay. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Yes, could be a little more, but not a big difference. 
Nishita: 
And in FY27, we also see that in the same range, in 3-4% range, or do we expect to increase 
it? 

 
 
Saatvik Green Energy Limited 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Prashant Mathur: 
No. We'll be in that same range. 
Nishita: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. On behalf of Ambit 
Capital, that concludes this conference call. For any further questions, you may reach out to 
Adfactors PR. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Prashant Mathur: 
Thank you. 
