यूको बैंक 
 
UCO BANK 
सम्मान आपके विश्वास का 
Honours Your Trust 
________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 
 
 
UCO Bank, Finance Department, Head Office, 3rd Floor, 02, India Exchange Place, Kolkata – 700 001 
Phone: 033 - 44557227,    E-mail: hosgr.calcutta@uco.bank.in 
Follow UCO Bank on Twitter: UCOBankOfficial; Facebook: Official.UCOBank; Instagram: Official.ucobank; LinkedIn: UCO BANK; You Tube: UCO Bank Official 
HO/Finance/Share/30/2026-27                                                            Date: 02.05.2026 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                  
“Exchange Plaza”                                                      
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                        
Mumbai – 400 051                                                      
NSE Scrip Symbol: UCOBANK 
 
 
Madam/ Dear Sir 
 
 
Re: Transcript of Post Earnings Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the transcript of the Post Earnings Call with 
Analysts held on April 27, 2026. 
 
The transcript is enclosed herewith and has also been uploaded on the Bank’s 
website.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record and disseminate. 
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For UCO Bank  
 
 
(Vikash Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532505 
Vikash 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Vikash Gupta 
Date: 2026.05.02 
19:16:30 +05'30'

Page | 1  
 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL RESULTS – Q4 FY26  
Post Earnings Call with Analysts 
Date  
27.04.2026 
Time 
03:00 pm 
Mode  Virtual (Webex) 
 
 
 
Bank’s Senior Management is represented by : 
 
1. Mr. Ashwani Kumar, Managing Director & CEO 
 
2. Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo, Executive Director 
 
3. Mr. Vijay N Kamble, Executive Director 
 
 
Moderator : M/s Antique Stock Broking Limited 
 
 
     
 
TRANSCRIPT 

Page | 2  
 
− Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the UCO Bank Q4 FY26 Earnings call. 
Today from the management side, we have with us: 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD and CEO 
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo – Executive Director 
− Mr. Vijay N Kamble - Executive Director 
− With this I hand over the call to MD sir for his opening remarks, post which we 
will have a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you. A very warm welcome to all the analysts and investors to this Post 
Results Conference Call for the financial year 2025-26. So, I have with me our 
executive directors, Mr. Saboo and Mr. Kamble and also our CRO, CFO, all other 
top management team is with me. So, thank you for joining the conference call, 
once again. I'll just give you the brief about the overall performance of the bank 
for the last quarter and the full financial year. 
− Our business grew by 14.95% on a YoY basis, and the gross advances grew by 
19.44% on a YoY basis, and deposits grew by 11.59% on a YoY basis. Within 
Deposits, our CASA growth was around 12.46%, Savings grew 11.78%, and the 
current account registered a growth of 16.77%. Our CASA ratio was maintained 
above 38; our guidance was 37 to 38, and CASA was 38.65, improved by 75 bps 
over last year. 
− And within the advances, our RAM segment grew by 24% plus, and in the RAM 
segment, Retail advances grew by 26% plus, Agriculture advances grew by 26%, 
and MSME advances grew by 19%.  
− Within Retail, housing loans grew by around 19%, and car loan growth was 
around 71%.  
− Coming to asset quality, our gross NPA improved to 2.17%; there is a 52 bps 
reduction over last year. Net NPA brought down to 0.27%; there is a 23 bps 
reduction over last year. PCR improved to 97.79%, a 110 bps improvement over 
last year. Excluding TWO, PCR improved to 87.66%, a 571 bps improvement 
over last year. 
− And coming to profitability, our operating profit for the full year was Rs.6,429 
crore, that is a growth of 6.49%, and full-year profit was Rs. 2,768 crore, with a 

Page | 3  
 
growth of 13.21% on a YoY basis. Net profit for the quarter ended was Rs.801 
crore, with a growth of 22% on a YoY basis.  
− Now, coming to the guidance versus actual achievement, our deposit growth 
guidance was 10 to 12%, achievement is 11.59%; credit growth guidance was 12 
to 15%, and our actual achievement is 19.44%. CASA percentage was 37 to 38%, 
actual is 38.65%; RAM percentage we targeted 61 to 63%, actual is 65%. CD ratio, 
our target was 75 to 77%; we have achieved a CD ratio of 80.21%. Credit cost 
guidance was less than 1%, it is 0.62%. NIM global, we have given a guidance of 
2.8 to 2.9%; actual NIM is 3.03% for global, and for domestic it is 3.23%. Gross 
NPA guidance was less than 2.5%, actual NPA is 2.17%. Net NPA guidance was 
less than 0.35%, actual is 0.27%. Slippage ratio guidance was 1 to 1.25%, actual 
net slippage ratio is 0.78%. Total recovery and upgradation guidance was 
Rs.2,200 to 2,700 crore, actual is 2,944 crore. 
− Now, coming to the guidance for the current year, deposits we have kept the 
guidance in the same range, 10 to 12%; credit 12 to 14%; CASA again 37 to 38%; 
RAM we have improved our guidance to 62 to 65%; CD ratio 80 to 82%; credit 
cost less than 0.75%; NIM global in the range of 2.8 to 2.9%; gross NPA less than 
2%; net NPA less than 0.2%; slippage ratio less than 1%; and recovery and 
upgradation in the range of Rs.2,000 to 2,500 crore. 
− Now, coming to the other parameters, our cost-to-income ratio, which has 
improved by 581 bps over last year, is now 52.66%. Our fee-based income grew 
by 32% on a YoY basis to Rs.516 crore against 389 crore. Our capital adequacy 
ratio has improved to 18.61%, with Tier-1 capital of 16.59%.  
− The Board has approved declaration of dividend at the rate of 4.40% i.e. 44 paisa 
per equity share, subject to approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting, which works out to be a dividend payout of approximately 
20%.  
− Business per employee of the bank has improved to Rs.28 crore against 24 crore a 
year back, and business per branch has also improved to Rs.173 crore against 155 
crore a year back. Provision coverage ratio also improved to 98%. 
− We have a total number of 3,412 branches and 2 overseas branches in Hong Kong 
and Singapore, and 1 representative office in Iran. So, 110 branches have been 
opened in the last financial year. 61% of the domestic branches are spread in 
rural and semi-urban areas. 
− Now let me talk about the initiatives which we had earlier talked about, where 
we stand, and what are the further initiatives we are planning.  

Page | 4  
 
− The initiatives we spoke about last year which have been completed include 
CBDC, which is now available on both iOS and Android phones.  
− The Performance Management Solution has also been completed. The Learning 
and Development Center of Excellence has been completed.  
− Project Parivartan, which we initiated last year, focusing on digital 
transformation and digital business, has come a long way. Till now, 31 journeys 
have been completed, and our total digital business across assets and liabilities 
has crossed Rs.25,000 crore in the last year. 
− Mobile banking users have increased five times, from 82 lakhs to 153 lakhs in 3 
years, whereas active mobile users have increased from 14 lakhs to 70 lakhs in 3 
years. So, the active mobile users versus registered mobile user percentage was 
17% three years back; now it has improved to 46%.  
− We started tab banking across branches. All branches have been given tabs. In 
the last financial year, more than 10 lakh accounts have been opened through tab 
banking. The percentage of accounts opened through tab banking, excluding 
BSBD and PMJDY accounts, is 66%. 
− We launched WhatsApp banking also. Now more than 20 lakh customers are 
onboarded on the WhatsApp banking channel, and 49 services in 14 languages 
are available on our WhatsApp banking.  
− Many new features have been launched in our call center and in our mobile app 
during the last financial year. 
− A new treasury solution, Murex, has also been implemented. Data center 
consolidation, which we started last year, has also been completed in Kolkata. 
− We have started Mule account monitoring through UCO VIGILPLUS under the 
transaction monitoring vertical.  
− Our API gateway has started.  
− Automation of ALM TPM has also been completed.  
− Application performance monitoring systems have also been implemented. 
− A feedback mechanism system to watch and improve customer service has been 
implemented and has started working. Now we are getting real-time feedback 
from customers through SMS, QR code, website, and WhatsApp banking.  
− We have already integrated with MuleHunter and IPC. 
 
 

Page | 5  
 
− Further initiatives planned for the current financial year include: 
o Omnichannel. 
o Cash management services 
o Supply chain finance. 
o Robotic process automation.  
o Digital marketing solutions.  
o Forex card and prepaid card solutions 
o Document management system, which is already in progress and will be 
completed this year.  
o E-note facility to remove paper from the system. 
o Identity access management for cybersecurity.  
o Centralized log management system are also planned. 
o We have planned to convert our call center, implemented two years back, 
into a profit center. Project Parivartan Phase 2 has been launched.  
o Centralized monitoring systems have been implemented for credit loans 
sanctioned through the ED CAM portal.  
o A Transformation Management vertical has been set up with a widened 
scope and will be headed at the GM level now. 
o Additional services will be implemented in WhatsApp banking.  
o Cybersecurity Vault improvements, DR at Kolkata. 
o CASA back office, and a centralized forex processing center are also in the 
pipeline. 
− So, all these are being implemented in the current year.  
− With regard to the IT budget, last year we have kept a budget of around Rs.1,000 
to 1,100 crore; around Rs.900 crore has been spent. This year also, more than 
Rs.1,000 crore budget has been approved by the Board. The spend for the last 
three years is: in 2023–24, it was Rs.576 crore; in 2024–25, it was Rs.642 crore; and 
in 2025–26, it is Rs.899 crore. So every year we are increasing the spend to bring 
more advanced technologies into the system. 
− So this is all about the overall performance of the bank, and now we are open for 
the Question & Answer session. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 

Page | 6  
 
− Question & Answer Session: 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. We will start the Q&A. Any question, please raise your hand. 
− We have the first question from the line of Ashok Ajmera. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Ajmera, please go ahead. Your line has been unmuted.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Can you hear me, sir?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes, yes, please. Yes, please. 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Sir, compliment to you and the entire team for fantastic results. In fact, you have 
surpassed almost every parameter, and the kind of growth you have given, 
especially in credit growth, is phenomenal at 19.44%. Even in this quarter itself, it 
is almost about 8% credit growth. Overall business growth is also good, deposit 
growth is also good, and everything is beyond the target. You have achieved 
those results. 
− But sir, what I see is that if I look at the guidance given for 2026–27, it seems that 
either some geopolitical situation is there in your mind, or the impact of the West 
Asia war, maybe going forward, you are anticipating that you may not have the 
same kind of growth which otherwise you could have achieved. So my first 
question is on that: I want to hear your views on the current situation, and going 
forward how the bank is taking it. In the 1st Quarter, will there be some major 
impact you are expecting?  
− Though if I look at the SMA numbers, in fact, your SMA 2 of the last quarter has 
partly shifted to SMA 1, which is a better development. But SMA 1 has gone up 
from Rs.260 to 651 crore. Overall SMA numbers are under control. So have you 
already started seeing some kind of stress, especially in small businesses and 
MSME, who do not have deep pockets due to the West Asia war and other 
geopolitical situations? How do you plan to deal with it, sir? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, Ajmera ji. First, let me talk about guidance. You have apprehended 
that because of the West Asia crisis, we have toned down the guidance. Let me 

Page | 7  
 
make it very clear that if you look at our guidance for the last three years, it has 
been in this range only, and our achievements have always surpassed the 
guidance. Last year also our guidance was 12 to 14% credit growth; this year also 
12 to 14%; and next year also we are planning 12 to 14%. If you look at our 
achievements for the last three financial years, in 2023–24 our credit growth was 
around 16%; in 2024–25 it was around 17.72%; and this year it is 19.44%. So, the 
guidance remained 12 to 14%, but achievements were much higher than 
guidance. 
− So similarly, guidance continues in the same range, looking at all scenarios, and I 
am sure the way we have rebuilt the organization, we will surpass the guidance 
with good numbers in this financial year also, not only in credit but in other 
parameters as well. If you look at our NIM, credit cost, and slippage control, 
which used to be 1.7 to 1.75% three years back, it has now come down to less 
than 1%. Now we have toned down our guidance from 1 to 1.25% in the previous 
year, to less than 1% this year. Accordingly, net NPA and gross NPA guidance 
has been toned down. So there is no such thing that because of this temporary 
crisis, we have shifted our guidance downwards. That’s number one.  
− Number two, coming to the impact of the current situation, I would request you 
to look at our SMA numbers. Consistently, our SMA numbers are under control. 
Every quarter we declare our SMA numbers above 1 crore. Generally, there is a 
tendency to declare above 5 crore, but we declare above 1 crore. More than 1 
crore of SMA 0, 1, and 2 together are at 0.45% of standard advances. While SMA 
2 is lower and SMA 1 is higher, this is due to the February effect. February 
impacts every financial year. SMA 2 is 60 days, but February has 28 days, while 
January and March have 31 days. So certain accounts that could have been in 
SMA 2 are appearing in SMA 1. So it is not that SMA 1 has jumped significantly; 
overall SMA remains the same, only bucket shifting is happening. Next month, 
we may see slightly higher SMA 2 and lower SMA 1. So that transition will 
continue. This financial year, because of the February having 28 days, the SMA 2 
number is slightly low, and SMA 1 is high because of 59 days’ impact. So, this is 
about what you asked.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Thank you, sir. One phenomenon we are seeing in some other banks is that when 
profits are good and results are strong, they start providing additional provisions 
on standard assets, more than the IRAC. In our bank, provisions seem to have 
gone down. Are you not anticipating unexpected impacts, like ECL, etc.? 

Page | 8  
 
− Even in case of wages, I see that the salary i.e. the employee cost has gone down 
to 182 crore as compared to 278 crore in the last quarter. Is the revised Labour 
Code not impacting you? How are you dealing with those unexpected or 
unforeseen circumstances without creating some kind of a buffer, or do you have 
any buffer already? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Ajmera ji, last quarter we declared a buffer of around Rs.720 crore ECL 
provision, and this quarter we have increased it to 1,038 crore. So, ECL provision 
held as on this quarter is Rs.1038 crore, plus Rs.341 crore contingency provision 
is also made. So, if we take both of them together, more than 1400 crore is 
already available towards ECL. Along with that, during COVID times, we made 
Rs.530 crore of provision for COVID-19. So that is also available. So, all three put 
together today, we are holding around Rs.1,900 crore of additional provision as a 
buffer towards our ECL framework, which may trigger at the time when we 
have to shift to that. So, Rs.1900 crore of buffer is there.  
− Now coming to the wage part. See last year, we made an additional provision of 
Rs.260 crore towards our PLI, the previous financial year, whereas the actual 
payment is around Rs.100 odd crore only this year. So, we are still carrying 
Rs.160 odd crore of provision for the next financial year. Last year we made 
additional provision, which we are not required to make this year. So, on that 
account, our wage or employee cost is slightly down, because previous year 250 
crore of additional provision was made on the PLI factor, which was being talked 
about. We asked PLI to scale 4 above for the employees, which could not be paid 
this year because of certain reasons. Now, maybe next year it will be paid. So, we 
have not reversed that provision, we have continued the remaining provision of 
Rs.160 odd crore in this financial year.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Sir, you already got the Board approval for the QIP. But what are the plans in the 
immediate future? With this present share price, I mean, the market somehow 
may not be understanding the kind of result which you have declared, or the 
kind of strength which you have. Even those provision numbers, I wanted to 
hear from you only, that when you have a cushion of Rs.1,900 crore, at this price, 
would you like to come out within this quarter… ? Do you have any plan for 
that? 
 
 

Page | 9  
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− So, this quarter we do not have any plans. We will be going to the AGM for 
approval. First, we will get the approval of the shareholders, and thereafter, at 
the right opportune time, when the market also supports, we will go for the QIP. 
That will not be in the immediate, this quarter. 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− This last round, sir, is on the credit front only, because as you narrated, for the 
last three years it has been 15%, 17.5%, and now 19.5% to 20%. Going forward, I 
believe that even though the targets are very modest, you will be crossing that. 
So, can I just know about our sanctioned pipeline, or what kind of industries or 
businesses from where we are getting the business as far as credit is concerned? I 
can understand the overall ratio of RAM and Corporate, but within that, where 
do you see the scope for increasing further and maintaining this kind of 
momentum, this kind of growth in credit going forward, sir? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, we have around Rs.14,000 crore of pipeline in the Corporate segment 
currently, and we have certain sanctions already in place, but because of the 
pricing issue, we are not able to disburse. We do not want credit growth in the 
Corporate segment at the cost of margins. So, that is the reason we are not 
growing corporate credit below our expected price. So that is one.  
− The growth or demand is coming from renewables, data centers, smart metering, 
and even road projects have started coming a little. So, there are a number of 
areas from where the growth is coming, and there are many sunshine sectors. 
But pricing is the biggest challenge, where we would not like to compromise 
before entering into a deal. 
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Okay, sir. Thank you, and all the best to you. If time permits, I will again come 
for further discussion, sir. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Most welcome.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Kamble sir, Saboo sir, and sir, all the best.  

Page | 10  
 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. Participant, please raise your hand for the question. The next 
question is from the line of Sumere Choksey. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Sumere Choksey – Participant: 
− Yeah, hi sir. Am I audible? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes, yes, please. Please go ahead. 
− Mr. Sumere Choksey – Participant: 
− Yeah. Firstly, sir, congratulations to you and the entire team of UCO for a very 
good set of numbers. So, I have a few questions. I will just go about them. 
− Firstly, we have seen a good, healthy deposit growth on a QoQ basis, about 6%. 
So, how do you view the same growth going forward, because if there is a slight 
rebound even in capital markets, do you see this sticky deposit growth staying 
intact? 
− Secondly, what we have noticed is from particularly last quarter to this quarter, 
our lending split, I think we have cut quite a few larger cheques to more AAA-
rated corporates, particularly on the PSU side. So, incrementally, how has the 
yield been on that book, and if we were to lend more in the AA bracket, would 
our yield be slightly better? Is that how we are looking at maintaining a 
competitive yield while hedging risk, or how is our view on that? I will ask these 
two first, then go forward with the rest of the questions. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, Sumere. First, let me talk about deposits. Earlier, we were not 
focusing on deposits because our CD ratio was quite low. Now we have reached 
a CD ratio of around 80%, and our target was 74 to 77%. That is the reason we 
focused more on deposits. While focusing on deposits, we have not stopped 
chasing CASA. If you look at our CASA, in spite of deposit growth of 6% in this 
current quarter, last quarter, our CASA ratio continued to be in the range of 37% 
to 38%. Rather, it has improved by 74 bps on a YoY basis. So, our focus while 
raising deposits is more on the Retail franchise than bulk deposits. Going 
forward also, when we have to support growth, deposit concentration will 
continue to focus on Retail term deposits, savings, and current accounts, with 

Page | 11  
 
some portion in bulk deposits. Overall, we have a target of bulk deposit to total 
deposit percentage. We continue monitor and maintain our bulk deposit within a 
defined ratio. So that is on the deposit front.  
− As far as AAA-rated exposure is concerned, if you look at our balance sheet, 
though this quarter we have increased exposure to AAA-rated and PSU, the 
same trend was there last year also. In between, demand from PSU was at a 
lower price, so we were not comfortable lending to them then. Now pricing has 
improved slightly, so we extended credit. Last year, in March ’25, AAA-rated 
exposure was around 33%; now also it is around 33%. AA was 29%, now it is 
26%. Whenever there is a better opportunity, we will continue lending to AA and 
A-rated accounts as well, in additional to AAA-rated accounts.  
− Mr. Sumere Choksey – Participant: 
− Yeah, thank you. Now, on the digital side, we have seen very good traction, 
particularly in mobile banking. You touched upon it even in your opening 
comments. It’s very heartening to see. Any new digital initiatives we are working 
on, especially for younger customers who are high-volume transactors on UPI 
and possibly new to credit? 
− Also, in Retail loans, which products are covered under the “others” category? 
25% of overall Retail loans and has seen a 40% YoY growth. So, can you elaborate 
on this? And how is the demand for vehicle loans in the current quarter, because 
again, that book has also seen good traction.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− On digital, we have revamped our entire digital journey. On 6th January, 2025, we 
launched our digital transformation project, Parivartan, and since then, we have 
been launching customer journeys. Till now, 31 journeys have been launched 
across Retail, MSME, Agri, and liability products. Total digital business has 
booked is Rs.25,000 crore, with Rs.11,000 crore in advances and Rs.14,000 crore in 
liabilities. 
− For young customers, more than 50% of fixed deposits are now created digitally 
through the mobile banking app. More than 50% of loans against FD are also 
processed digitally by our customers. Our car loan STP journey is well accepted, 
with more than 50% of car loans processed digitally. For MSME, we have 
launched GST Smart Finance, MSME Smart Finance, which is also very well 
accepted. Good amount of business is also happening in the MSME segment 
through digital.  

Page | 12  
 
− For the ease of our young customers, we have revamped the UI/UX of our mobile 
app, and its rating is in the range of 4.7 to 4.8 on app stores, among the best in 
both the public and private sector banks. Even in the Apple Store it is 4.6. That 
clearly shows that our app is well accepted in the market.  
− Further to enhance our reach to our new generation customers, we are now 
bringing omni-channel experience also. So maybe this year our omni-channel 
mobile banking will be available which will be more interactive, more 
convenient for our customers.  
− Second, you talked about Retail. In Retail, the “other” portfolio includes a small 
portion of co-lending; it’s not huge. It mainly is gold and staff loans. So gold loan 
portfolio out of that is around 5,400 crores. And the growth which we are seeing 
in the other portfolio is mainly coming from the gold loan portfolio.  
− Mr. Sumere Choksey – Participant: 
− Okay, understood. So one final question.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Sumere, one more thing. More than 2,50,000 customers have been given loan 
digitally last financial year. More than 250,000 customers. They have been 
sanctioned loans digitally in the last financial year.  
− Mr. Sumere Choksey – Participant: 
− No, sir. Of course, that's great to see because it's reflecting in your mobile 
banking numbers, which I think you'll have put a good slide in the presentation 
as well. Sir, one final question from my side. Which external benchmark rate 
would we have linked our loans, could you just shed some light on that?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Mainly it is Repo linked rate. More than 65% of our portfolios linked to Repo. 
Because if you look at our Retail and MSME, that itself is a huge portfolio. So, 
RAM is 65%. So, Retail and MSME itself is more than 1 lakh crore… I think 
around 66,000 crore is Retail and 48,000 crore is MSME. Both put together is 
under Rs.116,000 crores. So, more than 50% portfolio is in that segment itself. So, 
65%, because in some of the corporates also, they were short term loans linked to 
Repo rate corporate, in the Corporate book. Though they are sanctioned at 
MCLR, but they short term when they have to take WCDL, they take Repo linked 
rate.  

Page | 13  
 
− Mr. Sumere Choksey – Participant: 
− Understood. So, thank you so much for answering my questions and best wishes 
to Team UCO for the next fiscal. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Hriday Choksey. Please 
go ahead.  
− Mr. Hriday Choksey – Participant: 
− Congratulations to Team UCO, Ashwani sir, Saboo sir, Kamble sir on a great set 
of numbers. Again, I think our performance has been just been growing year on 
year, and kudos to the whole team. 
− Sir, a couple of questions. Sir, on our cost to income ratio, we've shown a good 
decline this year down from 56.99 to about 52.92. So, we've seen a significant 
drop for a second year running. So, can you just speak about your initiatives on 
that front? And just one specific thing, in the last quarter we've seen a 45 bps 
increase also. So, if you can specifically speak on the cost-to-income bit first.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− So, on cost-to-income front, we have taken a lot of initiatives. From the last 2-3 
years, we are working and very closely monitoring our cost-to-income ratio. 
There are two components. One is to control the controllable cost; non 
controllable, you can’t control. But controllable cost, how can you control? And 
also, how can you improve your fee-based income? If you look at our fee-based 
income, it has been growing on a QoQ and YoY basis. For fee-based income, our 
growth during this financial year is around, I think, 32%...? 32% on a quarter 
basis, and on a YoY basis it is 25%. So one is, we are working on fee-based 
income.  
 
− And the second, our control on the cost also, we have been very particular about 
the budget given to the field. Our teams monitor the expenditure against the 
budget. Various cost control measures have also been implemented. And if you 
look at our total operating expenses, it has also come down from the previous 
quarter to this quarter. So, these are the things which we are continuously 
monitoring.  
− And second thing, if you look at our previous year, our cost-to-income ratio was 
high. At that time also, our recovery from the written off accounts was very high. 

Page | 14  
 
So, that was around Rs.2,400 or 2,500 crores. This year, it is around Rs.1,300 
crores. In spite of that, we are able to reduce our cost-to-income ratio. So, every 
effort is being made to improve on income… fee-based income, and also to 
reduce our controllable cost. And these measures will continue in this financial 
year also.  
− Moderator: 
− Hriday, any follow up question?  
− Mr. Hriday Choksey – Participant: 
− So, thank you for that. Also, now, if I look at a segmented NPA book, within 
personal loans if you see, there's been a slight uptick in this quarter. Any specific 
reason?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, I think there is a very small uptick; it's not substantial. Against Rs.2,700 
crores of book, our NPA is only Rs.39 crores. Yes, last quarter, it was Rs.31 
crores, but this is 39 crores. That maybe because of some reasons. But there is no 
specific reason. It is hardly 1.43% in personal loan book. That's not a very big 
thing for us. 
− Mr. Hriday Choksey – Participant: 
− So, now a broader last question, which is so on the future vision, like your 
broader vision for the bank for the next few years. We've significantly improved 
our ROAs and our performance last few years, and now we're ending the year 
somewhere around 0.8%. So, what are the steps we're undertaking to build 
towards a 1% ROA franchise?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− To build on ROA, we need to improve our net interest margin. We need to 
continue to focus on our CASA growth also, and our NI improvement also. So, 
there are a number of parameters where we are working. We need to work on 
our TWO recovery also. So, a lot of initiatives are being taken. We have reached 
0.87, and if you look at for last so many quarters, every quarter, there is an 
improvement in our ROA. So, the same trend is expected to continue in the next 
financial year. And I believe that by end of next financial year, we should be 
nearing 0.95 to 1% ROA levels.  

Page | 15  
 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. There is a question in the chat box. How do you see the impact of the 
ongoing West Asia war in your MSME portfolio? And what percentage of your 
MSME portfolio is covered under CGTMSE?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, in the current scenario, we have not yet seen any major impact. Currently, if 
you look at our slippages, they are in tandem with the previous quarter from the 
MSME segment. There is no sharp surge in slippages, number one.  
− Number two, if you look at our SMA book also, within the overall SMA book, the 
SME, SMA book, that is also in the same trend as the earlier quarters. So, I don't 
foresee any major impact. There can be some impact, but it's not going to be a 
very major impact in the next financial year. But to counter those contingencies 
in case, if at all, we have built already Rs.341 crore of additional buffers by way 
of a provision in our standard book. So, that will take care of all the requirement 
going forward.  
− And around 40% of our advances are covered under CGTMSE. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, sir. The next question is, what is your total AFS reserves as on FY26, 
March ‘26?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− AFS reserves, give me a second. It's -140 crore. (Negative) 140 crores.  
− Moderator: 
− Okay, thank you, sir. The next follow-up question is from the line of Ashok 
Ajmera. Please go ahead.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Hi, thanks for giving the opportunity again. Sir, I would like to have your views 
or clarity on the Treasury operation because the Treasury has not contributed 
this time into the profits, or rather it's negative only. But if you look at the 
segment wise results, the Treasury operations are showing up Rs.848 crore of 
profit as compared to Rs.557 crores. So, in segment wise, other than the Treasury, 
things have gone into that? And how do we see the Treasury performing in the 

Page | 16  
 
now coming financial year, in this current quarter and the remaining three 
quarters?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, Ajmera ji, if you talk about Treasury, you know that Treasury is a play of 
yields. So, last quarter yields firmed up and it was more than 7% for a long 
period of time, even at the quarter end. As a result, there was MTM on the AFS 
book and HFT book also. And that has impacted not only our bank a little bit, 
but other banks also. But fortunately, for our bank, we had very slight impact on 
our P&L because our Treasury, I think, had a profit of around Rs.130 odd crore 
last quarter, but this quarter it was Rs. -16 crores only. So, for the AFS book, 
Rs.135 crore of the negative impact of MTM was there. And the way the yields 
have now moved down, it's ranging in the range of, I think, 6.95 to 6.98, so some 
of the provisions or the losses which were booked in March, they have already 
been reversed if we take MTM today.  
− And going forward, I think the way the liquidity market is behaving, the way the 
things are shaping out, I think once the stability in the overall global 
environment is achieved, I think there will be a good amount of Treasury 
traction in this financial year. Again, it is subject to the global stability in the 
environment.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− Sir, any clarification on the segment wise figures, numbers?  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− I'll give you separately.  
− Mr. Ashok Ajmera – Ajcon Global: 
− No, no problem. Sir, I'll take it offline. Okay, sir, thank you very much.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. There is a question in the chat box. What is your total gold loan 
portfolio as on date - Agri and non-Agri. And what is the weighted average lead 
for this?  
 

Page | 17  
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− The gold loan portfolio in the Retail segment is around Rs.5,400 crore and in Agri 
it is around Rs. 12,200 crore. So, put together, I think Rs.18,000 crores is our total 
gold loan portfolio as on date. And yield will be around… I think it should be 
around 8.5 to 9%. I'm not having the exact number, but it should be around 8.5 to 
9%. 
− Moderator: 
− Okay, thank you, sir. Participants who have any questions, please raise your 
hand. As there is no further question, I hand over the call to MD sir for his 
closing remarks. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar - MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you to all the analysts and investors for taking out time and attending the 
earnings call of UCO Bank for the financial year 2025-26. We look forward for 
your continued support in the next financial year. And whatever guidance we 
have given, it will be our team's endeavor to deliver on the same as we have been 
delivering for the last three years. Thank you very much.  
− Moderator: 
− Thank you. That concludes the UCO Bank Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
Thank you. 
− END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
