 
 
 
 
INFO EDGE (INDIA) LIMITED 
Corporate Office: B-8, Sector - 132, Noida - 201304, Tel.: 0120 - 3082000, Fax: 0120-3082095  
Email: investors@naukri.com URL: http://www.infoedge.in CIN: L74899DL1995PLC068021 
Regd. Office: Ground Floor, 12A, 94, Meghdoot, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019 
Date: May 28, 2026 
 
1. The Manager- Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(Scrip Symbol: NAUKRI) 
 
2. The Manager- Listing 
BSE Limited 
(Scrip Code: 532777) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026 
In furtherance to our letter dated May 22, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to 
inform that the transcript of Earnings Conference call on the Financial Results for the quarter and year 
ended March 31, 2026, held on Friday, May 22, 2026 at 4:30 pm (IST), post declaration of results, is 
enclosed herewith. The copy of the transcript is also available on the Company’s website at 
hƩps://www.infoedge.in/pdfs/ﬁnancial_pdfs/f_Earnings/investor-concall-transcript-28May2026.pdf  
Request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Info Edge (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Jaya Bhatia 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
Jaya Bhatia
Digitally signed by 
Jaya Bhatia 
Date: 2026.05.28 
15:56:07 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
“Info Edge (India) Limited 
Q4 FY2026 Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
 
May 22, 2026 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Sanjeev Bikhchandani- Founder & Vice Chairman 
Mr. Hitesh Oberoi- Co-Promoter & Managing Director  
Mr. Ambarish Raghuvanshi- Interim CFO 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS: 
Mr. Vineet Ranjan- Head, Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 

Anand Bansal: Good evening, everyone. I, Anand Bansal, am joined today by my colleague, 
Vineet Ranjan. Thank you for joining us.  
 
Vineet Ranjan: Thank you, Anand. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to InfoEdge India Ltd. 
Q4 FY26 Earning Conference Call. Joining us today from the management, we have Mr. 
Sanjeev Bhikchandani, Founder and Vice Chairman, Mr. Hitesh Oberoi, Co-Promoter and 
Managing Director, and Mr. Ambarish Raghuvanshi, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, 
I would like to draw your attention to the detailed disclaimer included in this presentation for 
good order's sake. Kindly note that the conference is being recorded. All the participant line 
will remain on mute, and there'll be an opportunity for Q&A after the presentation concludes. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Hitesh Oberoi for his opening remarks. Thank 
you, and over to you, Hitesh. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thank you, Vineet. A very good evening, everyone. Welcome to InfoEdge's 
earnings calls for the fourth quarter of FY26. We will begin with an overview of our standalone 
financial performance, followed by business highlights for each segment, along with our 
commentary on the strategy for each business. We will then take questions.  
 
For the standalone business in Q4 FY26, billings were Rs.1,057 crores, a YOY growth of 7%, 
and revenue was Rs.805 crores, a YOY growth of 17%. Operating profits at a standalone level 
grew by 39% YOY to Rs.323 crores, and the operating margins stood at 40%. The standalone 
business generated cash from operations before taxes of Rs.621 crores in Q4 FY26, a YOY 
growth of 16%. The cash generation from the recruitment business was Rs.619 crores. The 
non-recruitment businesses at an aggregate level generated cash of Rs.37 crores in Q4 FY26. 
For the standalone business in FY26, billings were Rs.3,178 crores, a YOY growth of 10%, and 
revenue was Rs.3,052 crores, a YOY growth of 15%. Operating profits grew by 17% YOY to 
Rs.1,138 crores, and the operating margin was 37%. The standalone business generated cash 
from operations before taxes of Rs.1,469 crores in FY26, a YOY growth of 12%. The cash 
balance of InfoEdge, including wholly owned subsidiaries, at the end of March 2026 stood at 
Rs.4,963 crores. Continuing the track record of progressively improving shareholder 
distributions, the board has also approved a final dividend of Rs.3.6 per share for the year. 
This adds to the total dividend payout of Rs.8.4 per share for FY26, a 40% increased dividend 
payout versus last year.  
 
Moving on to the segmental performance and starting with the recruitment business. In Q4 
FY26, the standalone recruitment billings grew by 10% to Rs.811 crores, and revenue grew by 
14% to Rs.581 crores. Recruitment billings, including Zwayam and DoSelect, grew by 9% to 
Rs.838 crores, and revenue grew by 12% to Rs.608 crores. The operating profit for the 
standalone recruitment segment improved by 22% YOY to Rs.340 crores, and the operating 
profit margin was 58%. Cash generated from recruitment operations was Rs.619 crores, a YOY 
growth of 16%. In full year FY26, the standalone recruitment billings grew by 10% to Rs.2,374 
crores, and revenue grew by 14% to Rs.2,256 crores. Recruitment billings, including Zwayam 
and DoSelect, grew by 9% to Rs.2,461 crores, and revenue grew by 13% to Rs.2,343 crores. 
The operating profit for the standalone recruitment segment improved by 14% YOY to 
Rs.1,277 crores, and the operating profit margin was 57%. Cash generated from the 
recruitment operations was Rs.1,513 crores, a YOY growth of 13%.  
 

The key operating highlights for the year, FY26 was a year of moderate growth for the 
recruitment business after a strong second half of FY25, with Q4 FY25 billings growing at 18% 
YOY. Growth slowed down to 9% in Q1 FY26 and remained in the 9-11% range across all 
quarters of FY26. The year was impacted by geopolitical headwinds, tariffs related to 
uncertainty, and a generally cautious hiring stance amongst corporates both in global demand 
linked sectors such as IT, as well as domestically oriented ones. The softer hiring environment 
was also reflected in the JobSpeak Index, which grew at 7-8% YOY for the full year. At a 
segment level, in Q4, billings for Tech, IT, and BPM segments combined grew at 6% YOY, GCCs 
de-grew by 1%, Recruitment Consultants grew at 8%, and Other Sectors combined grew at 
14%. Quarterly numbers can sometimes be influenced by renewal timing for large accounts. 
Full-year figures are a more reliable representation of underlying trends. For the full year, 
FY26, Tech, IT, and BPM combined grew by 8% YOY, GCCs grew by 10%, Recruitment 
Consultants grew by 6%, and Other Sectors grew by 8%. IT services directly, 19% of billings 
grew 10% YOY in FY26 versus 8% in FY25. Other sectors which directly account for 29% of all 
billings grew relatively slower at 8% in FY26 versus 14% in FY25. The moderation largely 
reflecting broader economic conditions and sector-specific factors.  
 
The Naukri Jobseeker Services business reported Rs. 53 crores in billings, a YOY growth of 33% 
with 60% operating profit margin in Q4 FY26. For FY26, it reported Rs. 176 crores in billings, 
a YOY growth of 19% with an operating profit of Rs.98 crores and a 57% operating profit 
margin. NaukriGulf Billings in Q4 FY26 were Rs.41 crores, growing 9% YOY, a step down from 
the 20% growth this business had been delivering before regional disturbances in the Middle 
East. Operating PBT margins were 42% in Q4. For FY26, it reported Rs.126 crores in billings, a 
YOY growth of 16% with Rs.41 crores operating profit and a 35% operating profit margin. 
JobHai continued to operate on a freemium model with a focus on select markets. Platform 
metrics remained healthy and revenues continued to grow. The business remains in an 
investment phase and we are making good progress on monetization. On the jobseeker front, 
the Naukri platform now hosts approximately 115 million resumes and added an average of 
around 21,000 resumes per day during Q4 FY26. Marketing expenses were lowered by 13% 
YOY in Q4, despite continued investments in JobHai and other smaller businesses as they scale 
up their monetization efforts. As a result, the operating profit margin improved by 400 basis 
points to over 58% in Q4. Excluding JobHai, the recruitment margin was around 61% in the 
quarter. For the full year, FY26, the operating margins slightly improved to 57% at a 
standalone level and to 59% excluding JobHai.  
 
Moving over to the real estate segment, in Q4 FY26, billings grew by 2% to Rs. 163 crores 
whereas revenue grew by 36% to Rs. 144 crores. During the quarter, we have rationalized the 
warranty provision related assumptions linked to certain products in the 99acres business 
where we endeavoured to charge based on delivered leads as opposed to the tenure-based 
subscriptions. The trend over the last few quarters during which these lead-based products 
were formalized has now provided us with a more credible basis for the estimation of such a 
warranty. Accordingly, a portion of the accumulated provision over the last 8 quarters has 
been reversed and revenue for the quarter as well as for the year stands increased by Rs. 20.5 
crores as a result. This is not material under applicable accounting standards and hence has 
not been separately disclosed in the financials. This is a one-time reversal and is not expected 
to recur in the future at this point in time. Operating profits in Q4 were Rs. 3 crores whereas 
the cash generated operations in 99acres was Rs. 22 crores in Q4 FY26. In FY26, billings in 

99acres grew by 10% to Rs. 497 crores and revenue grew by 19% to Rs. 488 crores. Operating 
losses were Rs. 59 crores and cash losses from operations were Rs. 5 crores in FY26. During 
Q4, we undertook changes in the 99acres sales organization and tightened certain key 
processes and the adherence to these processes to set up the business for sustained long-
term growth. This had a one-time transitional impact on Q4 billings. We expect billings growth 
to recover in Q1 once again. 99acres continues to strengthen its traffic leadership with its web 
traffic share growing to 49% in Q4 FY26 from 46% in the prior quarter. On the app, we 
command 54% of overall app traffic share and 67% share now of iOS app traffic timeshare. 
The overall market share of 99acres in March was 51% and in April 52% traffic timeshare. 
Supply momentum remains strong across categories. Live resale cum rental listings from 
brokers grew 35% YOY and live new project listings grew 28% YOY during the quarter. We 
continue to gain fresh supply share across residential, resale, rental and commercial segments 
in both the owner and broker channels. Taken together, consistent traffic share gains and 
improving response growth over the past several quarters now reflect continued market 
share expansion in both traffic and revenue terms. Q4 was a reset. The underlying business 
trajectory remains intact and we expect growth to recover going forward.  
 
Moving over to the matchmaking business, in Q4 FY26, Jeevansathi billings grew by 21% to 
Rs.39 crores and revenue grew by 19% to Rs.36 crores. The business incurred an operating 
loss of Rs.3 crores and generated cash from operations of Rs.4 crores in Q4 FY26. Our 
matchmaking portfolio, including Jeevansathi and Aisle combined, reported Rs.49 crores 
billings, a YOY growth of 23% and combined operating losses were Rs.7 crores in Q4. In full 
year FY26, Jeevansathi billings grew by 28% to Rs.142 crores and revenue grew by 26% to 
Rs.138 crores. The business incurred an operating loss of Rs.4 crores and generated cash from 
operations of Rs.15 crores in FY26. The Jeevansathi and Aisle business combined reported 
Rs.182 crores in billings, a YOY growth of 29% and combined operating losses reduced by 50% 
to Rs.15 crores in FY26. Jeevansathi remained focused on improving sales conversions and 
ARPUs during the year. The market continues to be comparative with leading matrimony 
platforms investing in marketing and offering higher than usual discounts. This has led to 
some pressure on pricing. However, our ability to withstand such an environment has 
improved substantially, particularly in the Hindi-speaking markets. The business is now the 
market leader in terms of users logged in every day in these markets. Aisle grew at 30%+ YOY 
during the quarter. The dating market has been relatively less comparative in the last couple 
of years, which presents an opportunity for apps under the Aisle umbrella to grow even faster. 
Arike, the Malayalam-focused app, is now growing at an even higher pace.  
 
Moving on to the education business, in Q4 of FY26, billing was Rs.45 crores, a YOY decline of 
13% and revenue grew by 11% to Rs.44 crores. The business delivered an operating profit of 
Rs.6 crores and generated cash flow operations of Rs.11 crores in Q4 FY26. In the full year of 
FY26, billing was Rs.164 crores, a YOY growth of 1% and revenue grew by 13% to Rs.170 
crores. The business delivered an operating profit of Rs.13 crores and generated cash flow 
from operations of Rs.22 crores in FY26. AI-driven changes in search behaviour have been 
affecting Shiksha's traffic for several quarters. In Q4, this translated into a more direct billing 
impact as reduced referred search traffic from Google affected client deliveries. We expect 
this headwind to persist over the near term. To navigate this and sustain growth, Shiksha is 
investing in domestic counselling capabilities and AI-driven voicebots to scale and 
complement these efforts. As adoption and monetisation of these services improve, we 

expect them to progressively offset the AI-led impact. The study abroad segment in the 
education business saw softness in certain markets, particularly the US and Canada, driven by 
evolving student preferences and broader macro factors in these geographies. We are actively 
broadening our destination coverage with increased focus on the UK, UAE and Continental 
Europe to better align with where student demand is moving.  
 
Let me talk you through our business strategy and our key focus areas for FY27 now. In the 
recruitment business, the core strategy is centred around three variables- hiring volume, our 
share of hiring and revenue per hire. We are focused on improving all three. In the premium 
segment, we are deepening focus through targeted offerings including Naukri Top Tier, 
iimjobs and hirist, while growing employer branding solutions to improve monetisation. In 
the mid-level segment where we are the clear leader, AI-led capabilities are enhancing 
recruiter productivity and workflow automation, while job marketing, data products and 
assistive services are improving revenue per hire. In the value segment, JobHai is expected to 
play an increasingly important role over time. The success there depends on building real-
time labour matching and simple workforce solutions suited to the informal economy. 
Naukri's B2B growth drivers are broadening as a result, while organic volume and pricing 
remains the foundation. Newer offerings like AI-Rex, our agentic AI offering for recruiters, 
Talent Pulse, our data offerings for our customers, branding solutions and premium products 
are expected to contribute meaningfully in the near term. JobHai adds a further growth layer 
over the medium to long term. Beyond the core B2B business, our Jobseeker Services segment 
has seen meaningful revenue acceleration and improved profitability following the transition 
to Naukri 360. The shift to a self-serve online-first model has driven the online revenue mix 
from 27% to 53% in the last 15 months, while monthly active users have been growing. Paid 
users as a percentage of the monthly active user base have also risen from 1.2% to 2.2% over 
the last 15 months, with meaningful headroom ahead. NaukriGulf has delivered 20%+ billing 
growth over recent years and progressed from a breakeven to a 35% operating margin 
business. The structural opportunity in the Middle East remains intact and we see a strong 
runway for continued profitable growth.  
 
Moving on to the real estate business, 99acres has consistently expanded traffic share by 
approximately 0.5 to 1 percentage point per month over the last 12 to 18 months. In 
residential resale, daily fresh supply is up 40% over the last two years, our supply share has 
crossed 50% and response growth has nearly doubled. In new projects, market estimated at 
approximately Rs.5,000 to 5,500 crores, we are seeing early momentum with responses now 
growing 30% YOY after being flat last year. The recent rollout of 99Shorts in NCR aims to drive 
deeper engagement in this segment with expansion to other major cities planned in for FY27. 
Rental and commercial are also seeing faster growth in response. Operating gains in supply, 
traffic and responses typically translate into billings with a lag. In FY26, we cautiously made 
forward investments in 99acres to strengthen its competitive position and become a clear 
market leader. With the heavy lifting now behind us, we expect growth to accelerate, 
operating leverage to play out and the business to turn cash-generative in FY27, if all goes 
well.  
 
In the matchmaking business, Jeevansathi has now delivered 20-30% YOY billings growth over 
the past couple of years and is nearing break-even after operating losses of ~Rs.120 crores a 
few years ago. With a close to 45%+ profile share in Hindi-speaking markets and AI-driven 

recommendations, matching and pricing are focused on building a more dominant position 
and driving higher monetization. The Aisle business recorded Rs.39 crores in billings in FY26 
with 30% YOY growth and reduced operating losses. Arike within the Malayali market is now 
growing at 40% YOY and is a meaningful contributor to Aisle revenues. The matchmaking 
portfolio is positioned to sustain healthy growth while contributing to overall cash flow.  
 
The Shiksha business continues to face headwinds from AI-driven changes in search behaviour 
which have affected traffic and billings. To navigate this, we are pivoting towards counselling 
and marketing services, including AI-driven voicebots to complement domestic counselling 
efforts, and diversifying destination coverage and study abroad towards markets like the UK, 
UAE, and continental Europe. We expect these initiatives to progressively offset such led 
headwinds as monetization matures.  
 
Across our businesses, whether matching jobseekers with employers, home buyers with 
properties, or individuals seeking life and education decisions, we have proprietary data, track 
millions of daily interactions, and apply deep AI/ ML capabilities to improve recommendation 
quality, reduce friction, and deliver outcomes that go beyond what a typical listings or SaaS 
model can provide. We do not view AI as a disintermediation risk. If anything, it strengthens 
the case for platforms like ours with our proprietary datasets, two-side network effects, and 
deep domain context to deliver better matching, automated workflows, and make the 
experience meaningfully more productive for both sides. Done well, this translates into higher 
engagement, stronger outcomes, and a greater share of customer wallet over time. 
Accordingly, we have been consistently increasing our investments in AI over the last few 
years across infrastructure, people, and tools. In Naukri, what makes our approach distinctive 
is that we build intelligence on both sides of the marketplace, not just what a jobseeker wants, 
but what an employer needs and how urgently they need it. This two-sided data depth is a 
foundation of effective matching and it is a capability that has been built over the years and 
cannot be replicated quickly. Our key AI priorities for FY27 are - one, enhancing matching 
personalization and productivity. We are continuously improving our ML models to deliver 
better outcomes for jobseekers and recruiters alike. On the employer side, we are getting 
better at identifying hiring intent, such as distinguishing urgent, hard-to-fill roles from routine 
ones so the platform can match accordingly. On the jobseeker side, we are progressing from 
search to recommendation-led discovery where relevant opportunities are surfaced 
proactively. These efforts have already delivered 15-30% efficiency gains across various parts 
of our businesses. We are also constantly scaling up AI-powered features. Generative AI has 
unlocked a new class of features that were not previously possible. Several features launched 
over the last one year are already gaining healthy traction. AI-powered mock interviews are 
used by 1.5 million users monthly. AI-generated resumes are now powering 3 million profiles 
monthly and AI-generated job descriptions are widely used by recruiters, among others. Our 
focus is on quality of outcomes, our volume of activity, making candidates more hireable and 
recruiters more effective. This year, we will deepen engagement and expand the breadth of 
these features. We are also continuously working hard to produce AI-first products so that 
we can unlock new revenue streams. We are building products that go beyond feature 
additions. AI-Rex, our agentic recruitment platform, automates end-to-end hiring workflows 
for enterprises, from job mandate intake to candidate shortlisting, meaningfully reducing the 
time to hire. With over 1,000 clients onboarded and 30,000 job mandates already on AI-Rex, 
early adoption is encouraging. Enterprise sales cycles for AI tools tend to be longer and we 

are pacing accordingly, focused on deepening outcomes within existing large accounts, key 
accounts before scaling them further. AI-Rex is both a product innovation and a nascent 
revenue stream at this point in time. We also continue to embed AI in our internal processes. 
Generative AI is enabling faster product rollouts, scalable content creation, and more efficient 
marketing, with several recent campaigns built entirely in-house using AI-led tools. Across our 
business, the logic is consistent. Better AI-driven outcomes drive higher adoption and higher 
translates into higher spending from customers. That is the foundation of our monetization 
approach. The focus for FY27 is on converting what we've already built into adoption and 
revenue. AI-Rex has been rolled out to 1,000 clients and we have now 30,000 job mandates 
on AI-Rex, significantly reducing candidate sourcing time. Scaling its client base and 
deepening usage within existing accounts is a near-term priority. The ultimate measure of 
success, however, is how meaningfully we can reduce the end-to-end hiring cycle time for 
enterprise clients and we continue to track this as a key metric. PremiumX, our dedicated 
database for premium candidates and data products such as Executive Intelligence and Talent 
Pulse represent additional monetization opportunities as we expand their reach amongst 
enterprise clients.  
 
In 99acres, our AI recommendation engine is driving 10-15% improvement in unique interests, 
with monetization expected to follow as platform engagement strengthens. At Jeevansathi, 
AI Powers recommendation matching the pricing end-to-end. Monetization benefits are 
already flowing through and will continue to build over time. The priority for FY27 is 
accelerating adoption and converting product progress into meaningful revenue quantities. 
Thank you and now we are happy to take questions. 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Thank you, Hitesh. Anand, we already have a few questions. Maybe we can 
start.  
 
Anand Bansal: Yeah, thank you, Vineet. First question is from Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of 
America. Sachin, go ahead and ask your question. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: This is Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. I have three questions. 
First question, want to understand a little bit more on the color on sentiment in hiring. When 
you talk to corporates, what kind of comments are we hearing in terms of how they're 
thinking on hiring, given what's happening in AI. Would be great to get color across GCC, IT 
sector, and non-IT sector. Second question, let me actually go through all the three questions 
and then I'll pause to take answers from you. Second is obviously on 99acres. Clearly, we're 
seeing good execution, good margins. Wanted to understand anything specific which 
happened in this quarter, like competition was down or low marketing. Directionally, how 
should we think about the sustainability of operating profits from these levels? Third, would 
love to understand how are you guys thinking from a InfoEdge Ventures point of view, if there 
are any incremental opportunities we are seeing in India to invest from AI perspective. Thank 
you. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: See the overall job market, I think the sentiment continues to be subdued. It's 
not a hot market. It's a lukewarm market. Of course, there is hiring happening in pockets. But, 
for example, you mentioned GCCs, the smaller GCCs continue to hire, but the larger ones, 
their headcount has shrunk over the last few quarters, in some cases. The non-IT market has 
also slowed down a bit for us over the last few quarters. We've of course expanded our 

coverage. We are now in more cities than earlier, we have many more clients, but our ARPUs 
are still low. The overall hiring environment is not a hot market. It's not as if companies are 
sort of under pressure to hire quickly. They are taking their time. They are hiring for certain 
positions, positions like in machine learning and AI, there we've seen massive growth. A lot 
of companies want to hire this kind of talent. Amongst the GCCs, at least, there is pressure on 
the larger ones to sort of become, for people to become more productive. But let's see how 
this plays out over the next few quarters. I think a lot of this is also linked to the economy and 
to what's happening globally, and not just AI. If the Indian economy picks up, we expect the 
non-IT sectors to start hiring once again, and to start hiring a lot more people than earlier, 
and attrition rates will pick up, but that'll depend on how the economy plays out over the 
next few quarters. Once the uncertainty around the geopolitics gets better on that front, that 
should also help in the medium term.  
 
As far as 99acres is concerned, I think the team has done an incredible job of growing traffic 
share over the last few quarters. We've added at least 13, 14 points to our traffic share over 
the last few months. We are now a clear leader in almost every city. Our latest number for 
traffic share for April is 52% timeshare. The responses we deliver, ultimately, our revenue is 
a function of the response we deliver to our clients. In the resale and rental segments, the 
responses have almost doubled over the last few quarters. In the new home segment, which 
is where we were a little slow, which is almost half our revenue, traffic responses started 
growing. Response grew by 22% in the new home segment last year. In Q4, it grew by 33%. 
We are confident that we'll do a good job in 99acres this year. Monetization follows the lag. 
Once you get to 50-52% share, it's not easy for others to catch up and that's where we are 
right now. If we add a few more percentage points to share this year, I think we'll become a 
very, very strong leader in this market. Sanjeev, you want to take the question on InfoEdge 
Ventures?  
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani: We did an enumeration just last week. Out of our 130+ companies 
that we've done since 2007, which are non-strategic investments, today, a little over 50, 
maybe 50-51 are deep tech or AI first. Increasingly, almost all the companies that we see now 
have one element of AI, and many of them are AI first. We're not going out and looking for AI 
companies. This is what we are finding, the bubbling up from underneath. Clearly, the AI space 
is very, very active. The government on deep tech is putting a lot of effort and investment. 
There's a Rs.100,000 crores RDI fund. There is a Rs.20,000 crores fund for startups. There's 
Rs.10,000 crores AI fund the government has put. There's a lot of government effort, a lot of 
private capital coming in. A lot of young entrepreneurs are trying. There's a lot of action in AI. 
Our difficult task is to figure out who will succeed, who will fail, behind whom is there a moat, 
what can be replicated. You're not finding too many foundational models there. It's not as if 
you're investing behind LLMs. But it's the app layer. And there, you've got to ensure that 
there's a moat, and you have a barrier to entry, and you can actually succeed and not be 
disrupted two years later. That's the long and short of AI. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar: Got it very clear. Just one small follow-up to Hitesh. Hitesh, this follow-up 
is more on competition on 99acres. Are we seeing anything change from a competitive 
perspective, which is allowing us to move to 52% traffic share and continue to increase? Or is 
it purely driven by strong execution? 
 
 

Hitesh Oberoi: At least our team would like to believe that it's our execution. We've done a 
lot of things right over the last few quarters. We've been very focused on a few things, and 
we've done a fantastic job of execution. I don't want to get into the details here, but I think a 
lot of the credit should go to the team for having done a really good job. As far as our 
competitors go, they're in the broker business, and we compete with MagicBricks and 
Housing. In the new home business, we compete with Meta and Google. In the owner 
business, we actually end up competing with MagicBricks, Housing, and NoBroker to some 
extent. My sense is Meta and Google continue to be very, very strong players. The new home 
market is a large market and we are only now beginning to sort of make serious investment 
into that market. It's a very big opportunity in the medium term for us. It's like a Rs. 5,000 
crores TAM and we do only about maybe Rs.240, 250 crores in this segment. But our response 
has started to grow. We're beginning to get a few things right. Like I said, 20-22% response 
growth last year, but 33% growth in Q4. Hopefully, we'll be able to monetize better as we go 
forward. In the secondary market, resale and rental, we've managed to grow our customer 
count substantially over the last few quarters. We have managed to grow our supply share 
substantially over the last few quarters. In every city now, earlier we used to be leaders in 
two or three of the big cities, but now in Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, in 
almost every big city now we are traffic leaders and supply leaders and leaders in terms of 
number of customers and increasingly on revenue as well. There have been a few issues with 
competition. There have been leadership changes at both Housing and MagicBricks. Housing 
gives out the numbers publicly. I think their burn is now close to Rs.250 crores a year. They've 
lost a lot of ground in my view, in India. So maybe it's no longer as exciting for them as it was 
a few years ago. In the owner segment also, we have made substantial progress over the last 
few quarters. 99acres is free for owners to list. We monetize only a small percentage of 
owners who list their properties in 99acres. So there's substantial headroom for growth there 
as well. Our supply share on the owner segment has also increased substantially over the last 
few quarters. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani:  I'd like to add something to that. 99acres does not report to me, the 
operating businesses don't report to me, they report to Hitesh. But what I've observed sitting 
on the side of the operating businesses is that I think a fantastic team, a huge clarity of 
thought in granular detail, and therefore execution on what the market wants, what the 
customer needs, what competition is not doing, where the gaps are, and then executing 
relentlessly. I think exceptional team and talent, and a fantastic leadership by Hitesh. Hitesh 
has probably been spending the bulk of his time last couple of years on 99acres, leading from 
the front in the trenches. That has made the difference.  
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Sachin. Next question from Vivek from Ambit Capital. Vivek, go ahead 
and ask your question. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: On recruitment, we hear of high value jobs being generated, 
especially related to AI. Does this indicate a shift in the market to perhaps more premium but 
lower volume hiring? Hitesh, in this segment, is LinkedIn really a threat? That's the first one. 
The second one is on the non-IT segment. You did touch upon this in your answer to Sachin. 
There doesn't seem to be a very meaningful competitor to you here. Is it just a macro 
weakness or is there something that you believe you can do more to accelerate growth? 
You've been putting in a lot of effort recently. You've tried to improve the quality of search, 

increase presence in ier two and three cities. You're also offering free trials to SMEs. So just 
wanted your thoughts on the non-IT segment and what you can really do to accelerate 
growth. The last one is on JobHai. What are the key metrics of success that you're tracking 
there? Where do you rate the progress in regard to those metrics? When do you see this 
becoming meaningful for your recruitment segment? Thank you. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: The premium segment and when I say premium, I mean, people who earn 
more than, let's say, Rs.25-30 lakhs a year. That segment has been growing faster than the 
mid-level segment for the last few quarters. A lot of new jobs are being created in AI and 
machine learning, data engineering and so on. But these are not like leadership level jobs. 
These are not like jobs which pay crores, one crore, two crore, three crores. There are some 
of those as well. But the bulk of the hiring is in the Rs.20- 40 lakhs, 50 lakhs segment. There 
Naukri is reasonably strong. So Naukri has significant market share in this segment. Both 
iimjobs and hirist are also reasonably strong in this segment. Of course, we are also doing a 
lot of work to improve our share in this segment. Yes, LinkedIn is a competitor. But LinkedIn 
is even stronger when you want to do very senior level hiring, when you want to hire people 
who are not looking for a job, people who are passive. We've also done a lot to improve our 
experience for these users and these customers. We've launched Naukri Top Tier on the 
jobseeker side. We've launched PremiumX on the recruiter side. We've got hirist, iimjobs a 
premium MBA offering and they're very strong. We've grown hirist well over the last couple 
of years. Hirist has now significant share in the premium tech hiring market. We've been 
working hard to improve our offerings in this segment. We are confident that we will continue 
to grow our share even in this segment, going forward. I agree with you that this segment is 
going to grow faster than the mid-tier segment, but our share in this segment will continue 
to grow over time, is what I feel right now. In the non-IT segments, the market has slowed 
down a bit. That's our sense. We are doing, of course, a lot more than earlier. Not only have 
we expanded our coverage and our reach by opening more offices, setting up shop in more 
cities, we've launched a premium model to attract SMEs on the platform. We are using 
machine learning to improve our AI models for matching for the non-IT segments we operate 
in. That's an ongoing thing. But slowly and steadily, we're making progress on that front as 
well. There, I think the real issue is volume. I think the volume of hiring is not picking up as 
yet. Maybe it will in the next couple of quarters, who knows. But right now, I think there is 
stress there. In the value segment or in the JobHai market, we are making very good progress. 
We were trying to get our model right and we focused on Delhi NCR for some time. Today, of 
course, there are competitors in this market that are smaller in size, but we are leaders in 
traffic in Delhi NCR. We've started monetizing now in Delhi NCR. Now we're taking this 
template to other cities. So this year, we will become a little more aggressive in Mumbai and 
Bangalore markets as well. The metrics we track are similar to what we track in Naukri-  traffic, 
time spent on the platform, number of jobs, number of customers, number of applications 
per job, stuff like that. On all these metrics, we are making good progress. Now we've started 
monetizing. It's a small business right now, but it's a startup. We would like to grow it 100% 
year on year for the next few years. It will take some time to become a meaningful contributor 
to our revenue, because the base is very small. I think it's strategically very important for us. 
It'll help us tap into a brand new market, which can grow at a very high rate for several years. 
One of the companies in China, I don't know if you're familiar with Kanzhun, they work with 
more than 6 million customers. Most of them are SMEs, about more than 40 or 50% of the 
revenue comes from SMEs and they are very profitable. They've grown and they do over a 

billion dollars, in revenue. It will take a few years. India is not that large, the Indian market is 
not that large. I think that's the right model to follow for this segment. There are several things 
which make the segment and this market different from the Naukri sort of market. That's 
what JobHai is trying to solve. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay, thank you for the explanation. Just one clarification related 
to the opening comments, you said something about one off Rs.20 crores accrual in, was it in 
99acres? Does this impact your billing or revenue? Could you repeat that? I just couldn't 
understand. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yes, that was 99acres. Basically, we wrote back some earlier provision. That 
did not impact billings, but it impacted revenue and also profit for this quarter. Vineet, do you 
want to elaborate on that? 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Sure. Vivek, basically in 99 acres, we have a small part of the business, which 
is cost per lead model. In that model, we were creating roughly around 20% as warranty 
provision, considering that for 20% of the leads, we will have to issue refunds to our 
customers in case the leads are not satisfactory. Over the last eight quarters, we studied those 
trends and came to the conclusion that actual refunds that we have to issue is significantly 
lower than what we were building provision for. As a result, we have made two changes. One, 
we reversed the extra provision, which was not used as of December, in the last quarter. That 
led to some one-time gain. Second, going forward, instead of creating this 20% provision, we'll 
be now provisioning it at 5%. These are the two changes. This led to around Rs.20 crores of 
higher revenue in this quarter, which obviously has flowed down to profitability as well. But 
that was more like one-off in this quarter, in 99acres. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay, understood. This quarter's billings performance is not 
impacted by that, it's only revenue and segmental PBT. 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Billings have already been accounted for. It is already a part of billings. Think 
of it this way that you collect Rs.10 from a customer for this kind of business. But for 
recognizing revenue, you were taking 20%, which is Rs.2 as provision and Rs.8 are going to 
revenue. That over the last few quarters, combined value of that equivalent of Rs.2 we have 
reversed it back in this quarter. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay, that's great. This performance of 1.9% billings growth, you 
mentioned that there is some change in the way you are carrying out the business, which is 
why it was lower, right? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yes, we undertook some changes in our sales organization, and we tightened 
some processes around. Basically, billings is invoicing. We tightened controls around invoicing 
into the future and stuff like that. Customers are willing to pay us in advance, and we've sort 
of clamped down on some of those things. I think this is a good thing to do and it'll help us in 
the future. We'll have a one-time transitional impact on Q4 billings. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay. This is not likely to repeat in the next coming quarters, is it? 
The one-time impact that you mentioned about. Because logically, last year's base will have, 

let's say, those advanced collections, but now perhaps you're not going to collect money in 
advance, even if a customer wants to pay, is that? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yeah. We basically tightened the controls around all this a bit. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Vivek. Next question from Kunal from Banyan Tree. Kunal, go ahead 
and ask your question. 
 
Kunal Thanvi: Hi, thank you so much for the opportunity. My first question was on JobHai. 
Can you talk about the competition there? We've looked at Apna and couple of other places. 
What is their business model? Is it similar to us? I understand there has been monetizing as 
well. If you can throw some light on how we are thinking to monetize? That was on JobHai. 
Second was on 99acres. When you say this one-time adjustment that happened in this quarter 
about the write back. Then from a sustainable point of view, how should one look at the 
profitability? What is the impact on the profitability because of that? Is it that the profit 
number that we're seeing may not be sustainable in Q1? That is the second. Third, we've been 
talking about jobseeker as a product being growing at a fast pace. Can you talk more about 
which are the sectors in which the relevance has increased? Any more nuance on which kind 
of jobseekers are finding the product more beneficial, or it is across broad base for all these 
sectors? These are the two questions. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Our business model in JobHai is not very different from Apna and WorkIndia 
except that perhaps we are more freemium than they are. We allow you to list for free and 
then we charge only in some markets and in some categories. Like I said, our focus right now 
has been for at least for the last few quarters has been to get our product market fit right and 
to become a clear leader in traffic in NCR. Now that we've achieved that objective, we are 
monetizing aggressively or we're trying to monetize more aggressively in NCR and we're 
taking this template to other markets. But the model is not very different from WorkIndia for 
sure, overall model. 99acres, because the provision has been reversed, it's resulted in Rs.20 
crores of extra revenue in Q4 and that has flowed to the bottom line as well. It's one-time and 
it's not expected to occur again. As far as jobseeker offerings go, we've launched, the 360 
offerings on Naukri for all segments and for all categories and for all kinds of jobseekers and 
we've seen growth across the board. It's broad based. We've seen higher growth across all 
segments, across all categories.  
 
Kunal Thanvi: Okay, sure. Thank you. 
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Kunal. Next question from Swapnil from JM Financial. Swapnil, go 
ahead and ask your question. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is with respect to your 
deferred sales growth numbers. It seems that there has been a significant deceleration in 
those streams across all your segments. Does that mean that your revenue for the next year, 
right across all the segments would see a significant dip because the deferred sales number 
itself is down? When we look at from a growth perspective, last year it was 18% in Naukri, for 
example, and now down to 12%. 

 
Hitesh Oberoi: Sorry, Vineet, you want to take that? 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Swapnil, see deferred sales revenue is a function of billings growth. Last year, 
when you looked at the higher deferred sales number, because last year in H2, the growth 
rate of Naukri business billings was actually higher. In Q3, Naukri grew at 15%, Q4, it grew at 
18%. Therefore, the deferred sales buildup was also higher, the flow through to revenue was 
higher. Therefore, this year, you see higher revenue growth. Some part of it, what you 
mentioned is right, that this year, because billings relatively slowed down vis-à-vis last year's 
second half. That effect will flow through to revenue of FY27. Basically, the way to account 
billings into revenue is, it is amortized over 365 days. That flow through will happen. Other 
thing to note is that, like Hitesh mentioned, our candidate services business, B2C business, 
that's growing faster. There, the tenure of product is shorter. Like in Naukri, typically, you sell 
for 12 months, revenue gets recognized over 12 months. In B2C business, and that business 
is growing faster, there, generally, the plans are three months, six months, one month. So, 
the recognition is quicker. There, the flow through of billings to revenue is immediate. So, 
that also plays a part. Tt's a mix of both. That's how one should look at it. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Got it. The second question is with respect to B2C revenue growth only. 
This particular item has grown at around 33%, a significant number. Any particular reason 
that this growth is visible right now, and it was not earlier? Any changes that you would have 
done in your proposition for the candidates? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: We've done a whole bunch of things. We've launched a lot of new offerings. 
Some of them are AI-led. I spoke about AI resume makers, AI mock interviews, AI agents for 
jobseekers. Two, we made the model more self-serve. Earlier, there was a lot of selling 
involved, as in, telecalling. Now there's a lot of self-serve, and that's also helped us sort of 
grow our revenue faster. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Any forward-looking guidance on this particular piece? Can you, if you 
can, how do you expect this business to grow? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: To be honest, I've also been surprised myself. This business used to grow at 
18-20% per year, but after making these changes, it's now started growing at 30%, but it's 
only been one quarter. Now, of course, the team is very bullish, but let's see if this sustains. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Got it. Just the last thing on the employee cost side. For the last couple of 
quarters, there has been some dip in your employee count, and that has led to a bit of margins 
also. Are there any specific measures that you have taken to drive some efficiency gain over 
there? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Everybody wants to use more AI inside InfoEdge also. Every time they ask for 
an AI budget, we also tell them just like, our customers, we've also been telling them, listen, 
hopefully you'll become more efficient and more productive, since you're using AI now. We've 
implemented a lot of, there are hundreds of AI projects going on in the company right now, 
as we speak. I'm sure we're getting some efficiency because of what we're doing inside the 
company, because we're using these tools, because we're doing things, in a much more 
efficient manner than earlier. We don't expect a major reduction in headcount going forward. 

People are becoming more productive than earlier because of these tools. We have not laid 
off anyone or anything of that sort, we are just encouraging everyone to sort of do a little 
more than what they were doing earlier. 
 
Ambarish Raghuvanshi: If I can just comment. There's generally, an efficiency drive within 
the company to just look at virtually every new hire or a rehire very, very closely. There's a 
strong emphasis to just ensure that every hire is adding value. Your other point about the 
jobseeker business growing strongly, to some extent, this might be a function of just counter 
cyclical to what's happening in the economy. Generally, with a slowing job hiring market, 
you're bound to see a little bit more inbound interest in the services which we offer for 
jobseeker, the paid services. I think, that's a function of what's happening broadly in the hiring 
trends in the economy. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Just a quick clarification. What would be the contribution from this 
jobseeker services to the overall billings? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: The jobseeker business, I think revenue last year was about Rs.176 crores.  
 
Vineet Ranjan: 6 - 7% of the business.  
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 67%, okay. 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani : Not 67%, 6 to 7%. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Full year growth even in the jobseeker business was only 19%. It's only in Q4 
that it grew by 33%. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: Understood. Very helpful. Thanks a lot. 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Anand, there's a question in chat box. Should we take that? 
 
Anand Bansal: We can take that, yeah. Go ahead 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Sanjeev, this is for you. There's a question from Avni shah, What is the aim 
behind starting two new funds, Karkardooma Trust and B8? You'd like to take that one? 
 
Sanjeev Bikhchandani : See, one is to a fund which we are investing in growth stage. We felt 
that there was an opportunity there. We had the capital. We had the team to utilize the 
capital and the opportunity. One is to continue to invest in deep tech. We had earlier invested 
in deep tech through our subsidiary of InfoEdge called RedStart. Then through a fund called 
Capital2B. When that fund ran out of first check money, we decided to allocate a fresh pool 
of capital. That's how we're doing these two funds. 
 
Anand Bansal: Next question is from Prateek from HSBC. Prateek, go ahead and ask your 
question. 
 
Prateek Maheshwari: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. My question was to Hitesh on the 
hiring sentiment. Thank you for the color earlier. Just wanted to follow up on that. How are 

you seeing the sentiment over let's say, six months? Is it improving? Is it worse? In the IT 
business, what are we looking at? If you look at the LTM attrition trends, probably in the last 
two quarters, it has fallen a bit. This is trailing 12-month attrition that we get from IT 
companies. Probably from the fall, it's actually a higher fall. Even we are hearing at GCC 
companies, you also mentioned that this is a phenomenon called job-hugging. Because of 
how everything is happening around AI. First, I wanted to understand, how are you looking at 
sentiment? Is it improving, stable, or has deteriorated from last six months? I have a follow-
up question after that. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: I would say it's been stable. If you look at JobSpeak also, I think it's been in 
that four, five, six percent range. I would say it's been stable. In some markets, in some 
sectors, maybe there's more hiring happening than earlier, but on the whole, there's not 
much improvement. 
 
Prateek Maheshwari: Hitesh, I think earlier you used to mention about the margins. The way 
the business would grow for Naukri and the way you think about the margins. Obviously, the 
growth has slowed a bit. How should we think about margins? Have you guys probably 
changed the thoughts there and probably margins would sustain as they were in 3Q and 4Q? 
It should be that kind of margin should we look at or probably some changes? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: There are two big areas where we are still investing in our recruitment 
business. One is JobHai, and the other is AI. We don't want to starve these two areas of 
investment. We'll continue to invest in both JobHai and AI, important for us for the long term. 
Now, my sense is that if we are able to grow our topline in double digits, margins should 
remain the same. If you're able to grow at 10% or more, you should be able to maintain 
margin in Naukri. If we grow faster than that, then margins could get better going forward. If 
we, on the other hand, if the economy slows down further and Naukri grows at 7-8%, then 
we may sort of lose a little bit of margin in the short term. 
 
Prateek Maheshwari: Hitesh, also on your 99acres business. I understand 4Q was one of 
aberration. However, before that you guys were growing at somewhere around mid-15% 
billings growth. Also, now you have a higher market share. Commentary is a lot more bullish. 
Should we start building in higher than 15% growth? Do you think that would be a right 
estimate for next year? Should we start seeing that from the first quarter itself? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: It's easier to make projections about what could happen over the next 3-4-5 
years than about what will happen next quarter. Our goal in 99acres should be, if you ask me, 
given where we are today, because we made substantial gains in share over the last few 
quarters, we should now be aiming to get to 60% share. That should be our first goal. 
Revenue, will follow with the lag. We've been gaining share for a few quarters. I think the 
business should now. Our billings last year was about Rs. 497 crores. We should aim to at least 
double our business, if you ask me, over the next 3 years. If we are able to do that, then we 
should be able to generate at least a 25-30% EBITDA margin as well. That should be our 
medium-term goal in 99acres. We have an opportunity. It's a large market. We are, after a 
long time, clear leaders, our competition is struggling and we have momentum. We've had a 
hiccup in Q4. Hopefully, things will get back on track in Q1. In the short term, it could be some, 
the market may slow down a little bit, something else may happen, God knows. But over the 
3-4 year period, I think we have now laid the foundation of building a solid second vertical 

inside InfoEdge. The team is also confident that they can deliver. In these kinds of businesses, 
once you get this kind of lead over your competitors, it's not easy for them to catch up. In 
medium-term, this should be our goal, at least in my view. 
 
Prateek Maheshwari: Last one. I know you guys are a little conservative on M&A, but in this 
area of 99acres, would you guys also be open to kind of consider if there is any M&A 
opportunities. Just to kind of put the industry structure where Naukri's business environment 
is. Would you be okay doing that? 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Yeah, I mean, at the right price for the right asset, why not? 
 
Prateek Maheshwari: Okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Anand Bansal: Thanks, Prateek. Vivek from Ambit Capital has a follow-up question. Vivek, go 
ahead and ask your question. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. Number one is on AI-
Rex. Hitesh, last time you had spoken about some of the mandates that you got on AI-Rex and 
how you are now taking it to more and more customers. Just wanted to understand better in 
terms of client adoption and willingness to pay. Have you initiated those conversations yet? 
Anything that you would like to share on this one? That's number one. The second one is, 
appreciate the rich color you gave on 99acres. Just wanted to understand whether the traffic 
share gains also help you in the new home segment or is it primarily lead gen for brokers 
which get stronger and stronger? Further to this question, if you can answer what else are 
you doing in the new home segment which can help you gain share from the horizontal media 
portals, global media portals? Thank you. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: AI-Rex . We've been working on our agentic offerings for a while and we were 
sort of figuring out the go-to market. Initially we did a pilot with a few customers and we tried 
to sell these offerings to a few recruits. But that was creating a lot of friction and it was taking 
a lot of time. B2B adoption is harder, B2C is easier. We've changed our approach and now, 
what we've done is we've made AI-Rex available for free to a lot of recruiters on our platform 
and we are encouraging them to try it out, to sample, to see the difference. Our whole pitch 
is, listen, AI-Rex is going to turn recruiters into super recruiters. That's the positioning of the 
agentic AI offering. It can help make recruiters become more productive and do their job 
faster and better. That's the approach we're taking right now and we are seeing it's a new 
offering. Like any new offering, there are some early adopters and we are seeing that on the 
platform now. A few hundred customers have already, lots of hundreds of recruiters have 
been experimenting with it and some are using it, of course, a lot more than others and close 
to 30,000 mandates have now gone through AI-Rex. The product also is under constant 
development. We're trying to prove as we get feedback from clients. This is something which 
we're very excited about, again, early days, it's a new offering. We don't know whether it'll 
succeed, but if it succeeds, then again, it increases TAM for us. Like we've said this in the past, 
in our heads, we targeted take rate of 1% from our clients, but if we are able to make 
recruiters more productive, then this take rate can actually go up over time. Even if hiring 
volumes won't grow our revenue can still grow. But it's early days, we're very excited about 
this offering and fingers crossed on this one. Similarly, we've launched Talent Pulse. The 
offering is a little older because we launched it a while back. As we get more and more data 

and as you get better in modelling, our offering is improving. In Talent Pulse, what we're doing 
now is we're making it, we're monetizing it, and we have a lot of revenue from Talent Pulse. 
We did about Rs.30-35 crores last year from our Talent Pulse offering. We are making it 
available to more customers, so that they can try it out. We've launched new variants and 
again, this is a business we think we can grow much faster than the overall Naukri business. 
It increases the TAM for us. So these two offerings we're very excited about. Additionally, we 
also have launched PremiumX, premium search inside Naukri. Early days, that's free right 
now. We're not charging for it, but the idea there is to grow our share of the premium hiring 
market because that market, like I mentioned, is probably growing faster than the mid-level, 
mid-tier hiring market right now. Again, very difficult to say what's going to happen in the 
short term, but over a three-year period, it'd be great if we can make a few hundred crores 
of incremental revenue from these offerings. That would be our aim.  In the 99acres business, 
new home business, yes, when you grow your share of the secondary market, the new home 
market revenue also grows because a small percentage of users, of buyers on the platform 
are open to both. When they come to the platform, they're not sure whether they want to 
buy the new home or a ready-to-move-in sort of apartment. Therefore, a percentage of them 
end up sort of becoming leads for our new home clients as well. As you gain a higher share, 
and then, of course, also the new home advertisers, because as you gain more market share, 
they see you as a platform which they need to be on. Because that's where all the traffic is. 
So, it helps. Of course, you need to keep working on your new home offerings. To answer your 
question around what extra are we doing on that front, see, one of the things we're excited 
about is our 99Shorts offering. We rolled it out in NCR. We worked very hard last year to 
launch this offering in NCR. Think of it as an Instagram of real estate projects. You can see 
apartments, get details of projects, walkthroughs, it's all video. It's almost like getting a test 
drive of a new car, sitting in your home, you can see projects, and you can see apartments, 
you can hear residents talk about, you can view resident reviews and stuff like that. Early days. 
But I like the content, you can try it out yourself, we are going to take it to more cities this 
year. If this product takes off, then this could dramatically change the experience for new 
homes on 99acres for our users. If that happens, and if you become a destination site for new 
homes, and if we become the place where people start their new home search, like we are 
for ready to move in apartments, then this business could grow much faster than it has grown 
over the last few years. Separately, we're also working on using, we have a large database of 
both owners and buyers on our platform. We are working on; we're trying to leverage AI to 
sort of do a better job of reaching out to these people on our platform for new launches. But 
that's early days on that one. But I think even that will sort of work out in the medium term 
for us. We are working on a bunch of offerings in new homes. Our response, like I said, in Q4 
for new homes was up 33% YOY. 
 
Vivekanand Subbaraman: Thank you, Hitesh, for those detailed answers. All the very best. 
 
Anand Bansal: Thank you, Vivek. And Vineet, that was the last question for the evening. 
 
Vineet Ranjan: Great. Thank you, everyone. On behalf of InfoEdge, we now conclude this 
conference call. You may disconnect the lines. Thank you for joining. 
 
Hitesh Oberoi: Thank you. Have a great evening. Bye. 
 
Anand Bansal: Thank you so much, everyone. See you next time. 
