                                                            
    
 
  
केन्द्रीय कायाालय: "सौदामिनी", प्लॉट नंबर 2, सेक्टर -29, गुरुग्राि -122001, (हररयाणा) दूरभाष: 0124-2822999 & 2822000 
Corporate Office: “Saudamini”, Plot No. 2, Sector-29, Gurugram-122001, (Haryana) Tel.: 0124-2822999 & 2822000 
पंजीकृत कायाालय: बी -9, कुतुब इंस्टीट्यूशनल एररया, कटवाररया सराय, नई मदल्ली -110 016. दूरभाष: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193, CIN: L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Registered Office: B-9, Qutab Institutional Area, Katwaria Sarai, New Delhi-110 016. Tel: 011-26560112, 26560115 & 26560193,   
CIN : L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Website: www.powergrid.in 
 
 
  25th May, 2026 
 
To, 
The General Manager (Listing), 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C 1/G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai. 
 
To, 
The General Manager (Listing), 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai. 
 
 
 
Reference:  NSE-SCRIP ID: POWERGRID; BSE Scrip Code: 532898  
EQ – ISIN INE752E01010 
 
Sub.:  
Transcript of Analysts’ and Institutional Investors’ Meet held on 18th May, 
2026. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith copy of 
Transcript of Analysts’ and Institutional Investors’ Meet held on 18th May, 2026 in Mumbai. 
 
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
(Satyaprakash Dash) 
 Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
Satyaprakash 
Dash
Digitally signed by 
Satyaprakash Dash 
Date: 2026.05.25 15:38:43 
+05'30'

 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
Transcript of Analysts’ and Institutional Investors’ Meet 
(For Q4 and Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026) 
Monday, 18th May, 2026 
 
 
Management 
Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan : Chairman & Managing Director 
Shri G. Ravisankar
: Director (Finance) & CFO
Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi
: Director (Personnel)
Shri Naveen Srivastava
: Director (Operations)
Shri Satyaprakash Dash   
 Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
 

 
2 
 
Analysts’ and Institutional Investors’ Meet Q4 FY26 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
 Moderator: 
 I now invite the management of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited to please be seated on the 
dais. Without much ado, we will start. We have on the dais with us: 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan ji – Chairman and Managing Director 
 Shri G. Ravisankar ji - Director (Finance) and CFO 
 Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi ji - Director (Personnel) 
 Shri Naveen Srivastava ji - Director (Operations). 
 
 I now request Shri Satyaprakash Dash ji, the Company Secretary, to initiate the proceedings.  
 Shri Satyaprakash Dash – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 Thank you, Bakul ji. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to welcome you all to this Institutional 
Investors and Analysts Meet today at Mumbai. Today our senior management team will discuss the 
business and performance outlook of POWERGRID based on the recently announced financial 
results of POWERGRID i.e. the final result. Already Bakul ji has introduced our senior management 
team. 
 We have with us:  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan ji – Chairman and Managing Director 
 Shri G. Ravisankar ji - Director (Finance) and CFO 
 Dr. Yatindra Dwivedi ji - Director (Personnel) 
 Shri Naveen Srivastava ji - Director (Operations). 
 
- 
Before starting, we shall have a small corporate video on the performance of POWERGRID. Can I 
request the video?  
 
 Video plays from 2.05 to 4.55 
 Thank you. I request everyone to please keep their mobile phones in silent mode, please. Now I will 
invite our Chairman and Managing Director to have his opening remark and presentation, followed 
by Q&A session. Chairman sir, please. 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director 
 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to this Analysts and 
Institutional Investors' Meet of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. I thank you all investors, 
analysts and stakeholders for your continued trust and confidence in POWERGRID. Your support 
has been integral to our journey as India's leading power transmission utility and a key enabler of 
the nation's energy transition.  

 
3 
 
 India, today, is witnessing an unprecedented transformation in the power sector, driven by rapid 
economic growth, imminent increase in the share of electricity in the energy basket, large-scale 
renewable energy integration, and the Government's vision to achieve net zero ambition. In this 
evolving landscape, POWERGRID continues to play a strategic role in strengthening the national grid 
and ensuring reliable, secure and efficient power transmission across the country. 
 I would like to state that irrespective of what kind of a generation it is, it is the humble conductor 
which is required for bringing in the mobility to the electricity, and that is why we are in the 
business. During the last year, or during this year, I should say, we have continued to focus on 
timely project execution, operational excellence, grid reliability and technology adoption. We are 
expanding our transmission network to support renewable energy corridors, green energy 
evacuation and emerging requirements of the future grid, including HVDC systems, digitalization, 
smart infrastructure and grid stability solutions.  
 Despite a dynamic business environment, the company has maintained strong operational 
performance and financial discipline. Our robust balance sheet, healthy cash flows and consistent 
dividend track record continues to reinforce POWERGRID’s position as a stable and dependable 
value creator for all stakeholders. 
 Going forward, we remain optimistic about the significant opportunities emerging in the 
transmission sector. With India's growing renewable energy ambitions and the increasing network 
expansion requirements, we believe POWERGRID is well positioned to sustain long-term growth, 
while continuing to deliver reliable returns.  
 Before we begin the presentation, I would like to place on record my sincere appreciation for the 
dedication and commitment of Team POWERGRID, whose efforts continue to drive the organization 
forward. We look forward to an engaging discussion with all of you today and addressing your 
questions and answers and your perspectives after the presentation.  
 Gentlemen, I’d like you to take note of this disclaimer, that the annual accounts for FY25-26 are yet 
to be approved by the shareholders.  
 The presentation outline would be covering the Highlights and Overview, Execution and Innovation, 
Competition, Order Pipeline and Outlook, Financial Performance, Sustainability, CSR and 
Recognitions.  
 Going with the Highlights and Overview, I would like to state that on the performance front, the 
CapEx guidelines, whatever guidance we have given, has succeeded. The capitalization guidance 
stands exceeded. The system availability stands exceeded.  
 We are proud to state that we got the first BESS project under the bidding route. The solar 
generation plant at Nagda has been commissioned. And we have commissioned the world's first 
765 kV digital substation. We deployed the insulated cross arms on the 400 kV tower, showing our 
focus on reducing the right-of-way challenges and also reducing the footprint on the environment 
impact; Indigenously developed 220 kV mobile GIS and international expansion in the PPP mode 
through Africa50 partnership. 

 
4 
 
 On the total structure of the company, we would like to say we are India's largest transmission 
utility. We have breached the ₹3 lakh crore of gross fixed assets. The transmission lines, as on 31st 
March, stand at 1.84 lakh ckm and the transformation capacity at 624 GVA.  
 HVDC projects running, about 11 projects running, includes both back-to-back and bi-poles ~101 
GW of inter-regional capacity out of the total 120 GW inter-regional capacity. 99.84% as the system 
availability and comprising a total of 64 subsidiaries.  
 The strong market position and credit profile- we would like to state that the market cap stands at 
₹2.75 lakh crore as on 31st March 2026. 51.34% by the government, and the rest by the foreign 
institutional investors and the domestic institutional investors. 
 The credit profile- the highest rating in the domestic front, and on the international front, we are at 
par with the sovereign rating.  
 You must be aware that the number of SPVs are primarily owing to the structure of the TBCB 
bidding, how it is undertaken. So, every time POWERGRID wins a project, a TBCB SPV is given to 
POWERGRID. So, in that way, given the large number of SPVs which have been coming, which are 
80 plus now, we are trying to work to bring in a leaner structure and a stronger governance. 17 
SPVs have been merged into 2 other SPVs and 28 SPVs are being merged into 2 other SPVs. So, in 
that way, we are trying to do it. The second part of 28 SPVs process is underway, and given the 
previous approach by the authorities, we look forward that this also will be materializing shortly.  
 On the execution front, 4,765 ckm have been added in the previous financial year and a whopping 
72,055 MVA, amounting to almost one 500 MVA in every 2.5 days and about 13 ckm every day. 
That is the kind of pace with which work has happened over there. And 9 number of new 
substations have been added to the kitty of POWERGRID, taking it up to 291. And a few key 
transmission projects which include Bhadla-Sikar, Ahmedabad-Lakadia, and interestingly 
Ahmedabad-Navsari which is bringing the green power from the Khavda region into the Mumbai 
area. So, these projects all the way coming from Khavda-Lakadia, Lakadia-Ahmedabad, 
Ahmedabad-Navsari, so these are the projects which are making sure that the green power is 
reaching to every nook and corner of the country.  
 New substations: Bhadla, Ramgarh in Rajasthan including Dausa, which is done in a record time of 8 
months after the first foundation being cast. Bikaner-3, KPS-2 and KPS-3 which are Khavda projects, 
Ahmedabad new substation, Narela in the heart of Delhi a new substation has been put up and 
Ananthapuram in the Andhra Pradesh region.  
 And as what we have stated, we are proud to state that whatever CapEx or the capitalization 
figures we have given, I would like to reiterate that the CapEx which had a guidance of initially 
about ₹28,000 crores in the initial phase, has been subsequently up to ₹35,000 crore, and 
eventually we could deliver close to ₹40,000 crore. So, this actually augurs well as far as the 
capitalization which is going to follow shortly. And the guidance of CapEx for FY27, the initial 
guidance I should say is ₹37,000 crore.  
 On the capitalization front, the commitment was ₹25,000 crore and eventually delivered ₹28,206 
crore. The guidance for FY27 is up to ₹30,000 crore initially. 

 
5 
 
 On the operating front, POWERGRID continues to demonstrate its leadership over here, and we are 
well above the maximum availability which is possible in terms of realizing revenue. At more than 
99.75%, we are way above the mark and continuously deriving the full availability incentive.  
 On the annual tripping, the other parameter which we closely monitor to make sure the healthiness 
of the entire system, it stands at a low of 0.26, which is a very good number in terms of both the 
domestic as well as the international standards.  
 All these were enabled by infusing new technologies including AI-based defect detection on the 
towers, drone-based patrolling and condition monitoring of the major equipment including 
transformers and reactors. 
 We are proud to also be having this on to our record that Asia's first transformer with synthetic 
ester oil has been successfully commissioned, and POWERGRID has a significant role in designing 
this particular transformer along with the OEM. So, it replaces conventional mineral oil, it's 
biodegradable, fire safe (its fire point being close to or greater than 300°C) and lower 
environmental impact. So, we look forward that such kind of units be developed more and more in 
the country. 
 India's first insulated cross arm of 400 kV level. As you can see, on the top of it what you see there 
are, the total is a multi-circuit, actual picture on a Maharani Bagh-Narela line, it has four circuits. 
For clarity purpose, if I say on this totally four circuits over there, and of this the bottom part, the 
two circuits are in a normal cross arm. So, the quantum of right-of-way or the width is to that 
extent. And subsequently when we, on the same tower, put on the insulated cross arm, the right-
of-way comes down to that extent. So, the total cost of the project, impact on the cost of the 
project and impact on the environment, everything goes down. So, these are the solutions which 
we are actively pursuing, and maybe in the next few lines which are in highly urbanized areas, we 
look forward that these solutions will be deployed. And these are indigenously manufactured, the 
insulated cross arms.  
 Another feather in the cap is the 220 kV mobile GIS. As you see, it is a truck mounted GIS bay, 
usually readily to deploy quickly, and at any location it can move. And it is trailer mounted so easy 
to be deployed. And it boosts the grid resilience. Whenever there is an urgent requirement of any 
bay or during the operational phase, or during any environmental impact in terms of cyclones or 
anything, if some bay or some particular network is disturbed, the deployment of this would be so 
rapid, and we can restore the power supply.  
 So, 220 kV mobile is already positioned, and we are also going to get the 132 kV and 400 kV mobile 
GIS within this particular calendar year itself. So, we see that we are going to have a good amount 
of armour in the asset what POWERGRID has, so that we can deploy this as and when required. This 
is akin to the emergency restoration systems what we had for towers. We can claim that these are 
emergency restoration systems even for the substations as well.  
 Battery energy storage systems: The bids which Andhra Pradesh has floated, we were successful in 
the bid in Kalikiri, and we look forward that this would be giving us a good insight as to how we 
need to navigate through the BESS model. 
 Interesting to note, to the right side is the integrated energy storage system. CERC, as you are 
aware on 20th March, has notified an amendment to the existing terms and conditions of tariff 

 
6 
 
regulations wherein they have also opened up the batteries, rather integrated energy storage 
systems, to be developed by a transmission system developer as well. So, taking cue from that, 
POWERGRID has already initiated actions, and we had a successful discussion in the northern 
region part, and then in the western region part also the discussions are taking place. So, we see 
that this would open up a new opportunity wherein under Section 62, POWERGRID can start 
implementing projects to bring the storage requirements into the country.  
 Global expansions: The first international transmission PPP model, while we had our global 
footprint in many countries, this would be the first PPP model wherein about $300 million of 
investment in terms of the project cost, what would go in building the first PPP model by 
POWERGRID. And the company which has been incorporated there, is called as the Mwanga 
Transmission Company, and works are taking up in full pace so that we are able to make inroads in 
the country of Kenya, which will pave way for different other countries also to follow suit because 
Africa50 is partnering with us. So, along with POWERGRID and Africa50, we see that there is a good 
opportunity to move beyond Kenya and also to other countries wherein this model can be 
successfully and gainfully be utilized. So, discussions are being held with Uganda, Zimbabwe, 
Mozambique and other countries. So, depending upon the DPRs which are evolving and the kind of 
structure what we have in the regulatory front, I am sure that this is going to provide a good 
opportunity for POWERGRID.  
 The TBCB outcomes: In FY26, 28 projects were floated of which POWERGRID had 9 projects as 
success, and the total tariff stands about 44% and few of the projects which are visible on your 
screen, you can look into that system, which includes also an intrastate project being developed by 
POWERGRID for the state of Maharashtra, which is called Pune East, about ₹300 crore plus tariff is 
there for it. 
 The outlook for transmission for the POWERGRID and the sector as a whole: If you look on the blue 
what we can see is whatever works are already in hand, ₹1.7 lakh crore which includes both from 
TBCB and the RTM. And on the green which talks about bidding, which is in the pipeline, ₹1.1 lakh 
crore of projects are under bidding. This is not including those projects which are going to come by 
different states. Most of the states are now looking into this mode. So, this will further add up 
depending upon the quantum of tenders what the state would be floating.  
 Long term sector opportunity in terms of CEA projections, in terms of the opportunities in the 
Brahmaputra basin and “One Sun, One World, One Grid” which would be coming in the long term, 
we look that this is also going to be a potential opportunity for POWERGRID to develop the 
transmission systems.  
 Coming to the first ₹1.7 lakh crore works in hand, TBCB has share of about 81% standing at ₹1.37 
lakh crore, RTM ₹28,000 crore and other businesses about ₹4,200 crore, total working up to ₹1.7 
lakh crore. We are not including the Pang-Kaithal HVDC project which is being reviewed by the 
Government of India. So, shortly we should be getting some guidance on that as well.  
 ₹1.1 lakh crore bidding in pipeline. Under bidding is ₹1.05 lakh crore which is comprising both 
interstate and intrastate, with the major chunk presently visible is inter-State, and we also are 
actively looking at the intra-State as number of projects are massively increasing there. To be 
floated primarily under the intrastate is ₹5,270 crore taking the total to ₹1.1 lakh crore for which 
bidding would be possible. Major projects include Rajasthan Barmer Complex i.e., Phase 4, Vizag 

 
7 
 
Green Hydrogen, Jam Khambhaliya, Krishnagiri, Lakadia, ERWR Inter-Regional Network and the 
Nawada-Durgapur system. 
 Strategic Drivers Powering Transmission Investment Cycle: On the domestic front as I said that the 
anchor program by the Government of India 900+ GW by 2036. This has a potential of about ₹7.9 
lakh crore which includes both inter-State and intra-State transmission systems, including the 
evacuation needs for meeting the load requirements of green hydrogen. The hydro potential of 
about 76 GW in the Brahmaputra basin, we see that this also adds up to ₹6.4 lakh crore in two 
phases. New demand centres in terms of data centres and green hydrogen further adds to about a 
requirement of 71 GW being transported, which as I already said, obviously it should be a 
transmission system only which would help in evacuation of these systems. So, either be it a new 
generation or it be a new load centre in terms of data centres, green hydrogen or so, the ingredient 
or the essential or invariable ingredient would be the transmission sector. So, I see a good 
opportunity in this front as well. 
 On the Global Front, “One Sun, One World, One Grid” as part of that exercise, whatever studies are 
being undertaken I am sure that this also will fructify to make sure that new opportunities open up 
for the country and POWERGRID in particular.  
 Intercontinental Cross Border Links: India, Sri Lanka, Maldives, Myanmar and UAE, Saudi Arabia, 
India, Singapore, these all are being discussed, and as and when the traction is there for it on the 
higher level, I am sure that this also would be materialising.  
 Upcoming HVDCs: 22 HVDCs are in various stages of bidding and planning. Total HVDC schemes 
envisaged are 22 and combined with total HVDC capacity of 127 GW. Presently, the Barmer II – 
South Kalamb project, which is under bidding presently, and the other projects from different 
generation points are identified, and as and when the load centre is identified these projects also 
will be fructified. Brahmaputra, as already stated with the number of basins where the generation 
can happen. So good number of HVDCs, 6 no. of HVDC projects are also being envisaged here, apart 
from the cross border undersea links of India - Sri Lanka, Paradeep - Andaman, would also be the 
links which are in the pipeline.  
 Financial Performance: The total income for the financial year stands at ₹47,684 crore in 
comparison with the total income of FY25 as ₹47,459 crore. You need to factor in the natural 
trajectory of the RTM projects which we need to be focusing that. The natural trajectory for the 
RTM project is that it is always on the downside. It comes down and it moves out basis the O&M 
charges. So, as and when this trajectory is having a major dip, that is reflected. In this case, almost 
₹1,700 crore on account of depreciation and others have been covered up in this year, apart from 
the previous years almost ₹750 crores on account of various additional revenue which has 
happened on account of our additional spares or maybe 26% stake sale what has happened and 
also because PSITSL award that we have received from the regulator, all this put also has added 
another ₹700 crore in the previous year. All this gap of ₹1,700 crore and another ₹700 crore dip, all 
this has been covered well in this particular financial year, apart from the massive capitalization 
which has taken place in this year, which would be actually reflecting in the revenues in the years to 
come. That’s because this happened primarily in the later part of the previous financial year. So, 
this current financial year i.e., FY26-27 would be witnessing the complete fruits of that particular 
capitalization.  

 
8 
 
 The profit after tax stands at about ₹15,928 crores which is a 3% increase, all this on the 
consolidated basis. And similarly, the financials on the standalone basis, the PAT stands at about 
₹15,921 crore which is 4% increase from the previous year. 
 The gross fixed assets, as I have stated that it has breached the ₹3 lakh crore and it stands at 
₹3,20,334 crore. Net worth also has breached the ₹1 lakh crore standing at ₹1,00,494 crores. And 
then the return on net worth with the increased net worth naturally stands at 15.85%. These ratios 
are primarily indicative of a company which is in a growth phase, in a massive growth phase.  
 And the income for previous periods FY26 stands at ₹617 crore, interest on differential tariff at 
₹705 crore, interest from subsidiaries at ₹3,350 crore, incentive consolidated at ₹664 crore, 
dividend from JVs at ₹145 crore, dividend from subsidiaries at ₹1,516 crores, CSR expenses at ₹351 
crore, FERV at ₹1,277 crore. Equity in TBCB and equity in TBCB, both operations and under 
construction which are there, it stands about ₹9,558 crore and ₹2,502 crore respectively. Short-
term loan ₹7,000 crore. As I said all these figures are indicative of the structure in which 
POWERGRID is having multiple subsidiaries for TBCB and also the growth phase of the company as 
a whole. 
 On the collections front, pleased to also share that strong collections are happening on this… On 
the previous financial year, we see that as against ₹40,201 crore, ₹40,684 crore has been realized 
with new LPS rules and all kicking in. And as against the ₹4,795 crore outstanding in FY24, it is now 
standing at ₹2,905 crore. Standing means the kind of efforts being put by the company and also the 
provisions which are there for us to realize this. Interesting to note also that the outstanding of 
more than 45 days also which is represented in blue, is also significantly reduced. 
 On the consultancy and telecom front, if I take up the telecom front first, so the revenue is 
increased from ₹1,128 crore. Despite the high level of competition in the telecom sector, it is still 
growing steadily at ₹1,195 crore. And we are happy also to announce that POWERGRID is also able 
to provide the highest 400G interface for the telecom sector which is the highest level in the 
country. So, the massive amount of data which can be transported in a single interface is now 
available in POWERGRID and is also in operation. And the first ever international long-distance link 
has been delivered to Bhutan and we are poised to take up more such international requirements 
for telecom as well.  
 The pilot data centre, the 1000 rack data centre which we are building at Manesar is going to be 
visible within the next quarter, and we are seeing great opportunities and a lot of traction in this 
government-owned data centre being established by POWERGRID, and the availability of telecom 
continues to be one of the finest with 100% backbone availability. 
 Consultancy: ₹799 crore which was standing at FY25 now stands at ₹1,755 crore. On the domestic 
front 39 orders and ongoing projects at 62. On the international front 8 orders and 25 countries 
having footprint of POWERGRID. We are also keenly looking into pursuing opportunities in South 
Asia, Middle East, Africa, South America, Europe and Australia.  
 On our commitment to ESG goals, I’m glad to also inform that the targets what we set for 2025 that 
50% of the electricity consumption would be from RE, has been well achieved much before the 
completion of the year. And net positive in terms of water, what we aim to achieve in 2030, we are 
more than half a mark with 55% already done through. And zero waste to landfill, we are almost 

 
9 
 
upto 90% is what we are already presently there, and we are inching forward to reach our goals. 
And net zero emission status by 2047, we are confident that we should be able to achieve this 
much before the target date. 
 Various sustainability initiatives what we have taken up during our journey is initially the first 
sustainability report way back in 2009, and thereafter the world’s first 400 kV shunt reactor with 
natural ester oil, and then the ESG water and waste policies have been adopted, and 2023-2024 the 
anti-bribery system in position, 2024-2025 the first ICT with ester oil, 2025-2026 the first 315 MVA 
synthetic ester oil which has been commissioned and also the 85 MW solar PV.  
 ESG rating stands by NSE at 70.  
 We have nine substations which are by and large manned by women. 
 “Transmitting smiles through corporate social responsibility” that is our tagline. And major thrust 
areas are in health and nutrition and PM internship, skill development and employability, rural 
development and environmental sustainability, education and women empowerment. On these 
major fronts, we are having a good amount of spend as far as CSR goes.  
 We have received a good number of accolades, few of them only have been narrated here. As you 
can see it covers both HR, on the technical front and also on the CSR initiatives. The SCOPE 
Eminence Award, we are ranked first in the International Transmission Asset Management System 
also and the People’s L&D Excellence Award for using AI in learning, Green World Award for climate 
change initiatives being undertaken by POWERGRID, and we are ranked first in CSR category by ICC 
and Best Organization for Women conferred by Economic Times.  
 Thank you so much for your patient hearing. This is the actual picture of the 400 kV multi-circuit 
line which is to Maharani Bagh-Narela. 4 circuits of each of 400 kV line are there. And if you can see 
a small speck on the road which is in white in colour, that is the size of the vehicle which is standing 
there. So, you can see the massiveness of the entire structure which stands over there.  
 Thank you all.  
 Moderator: 
 Thank you. Thank you, Chairman sir. That was indeed very detailed and very precise presentation. 
Deeply appreciate.  
 Question & Answer Session: 
 We now move to the next segment which is Q&A. I would be moderating that, request each one of 
you to raise your hand, introduce your house and then yourself and then ask the query. Yes sir.  
 Participant: 
 Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. My first question is can you please explain the 
reason for EBITDA decline in Q4 FY26? Is it due to older assets completing 12 years of life? And can 
you also please shed some light on the accounting for the new transmission system? Are you 
booking everything on service concession accounting? Are you booking the newer transmission 

 
10 
 
system on the service concession accounting method, especially new TBCB? That is the first 
question.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 You are partly right in your question itself. You have been asking whether the EBITDA pattern is 
because of assets completing 12 years. Yes, to the extent of that the structure of the regulated 
tariff has a trajectory wherein after the 12 years which you are aware, there is a dip in those 
projects which it is there. So, this is a natural transition which happens over a period of time. And 
this is one of the major transitions which has happened for a major project.  
 As far as the service accounting part of it, yes, these projects are under the BOOT method, the new 
projects which are being floated under the BOOT method, and the financial lease model is being 
followed for these projects. 
 Participant: 
 Is it possible to help us with the capital expenditure target for F27, F28 and F29 given the list of 
projects? And also, you can similarly help us with the commissioning expectation for F27 and F28? 
Commissioning number. Capital expenditure and commissioning. 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 As already shown in the presentation for FY26-27, the initial guidance what we are starting is about 
₹37,000 crore.  
 Participant: 
 F27. And F28, sir?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 F28, that would be naturally going beyond ₹40,000 crore, the initial guidance. Again, as I am saying 
it will be beyond ₹40,000 crore. In the ₹40,000-45,000 crore range, it will be standing there. And all 
what has been capitalized, the CapEx, the capitalization also will be shortly following. So, we are 
initially giving a guidance about ₹30,000 crore for the current year, and then next year it should be 
moving up to ₹35,000 crore.  
 And as we move forward, as we move into the year, the more of clarity would be coming and as last 
time as what we already said, the initial guidance was given as ₹28,000 crore for the CapEx and 
eventually achieved close to ₹40,000 crore. So, all this would be happening hopefully this year as 
well. This is the quantum of efforts what we are putting and also streamlining the activities, and I 
am sure that we should be able to meet the guidance what is being given here. 
 Participant: 
 Understood. Thank you and all the best.  
 
 

 
11 
 
 Moderator: 
 Can you also let us know your organisation name and yourself, so that the Chairman sir also knows 
it.  
 Shri Puneet – HSBC:  
 Hi, this is Puneet from HSBC. My first question is if you can shed some light on your BESS strategy. 
You talked about Section 62 also in play here. How do you intend to grow this piece of the 
portfolio?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 See, BESS is coming on two fronts. One is by the VGF being given by the government. So, states 
have been rushing to float a good number of tenders on the BESS front over there. POWERGRID 
also is participating so that we understand the kind of model, mode and what kind of an ecosystem 
is there in trying to put up these systems. So, as I said, one of the projects which we have, this will 
give us a good opportunity for having an insight into the BESS projects. That is one part of it. That is 
under the 63 model if I say.  
 And when we come to the 61 and 62 Sections under which the tariff is under the regulated model, 
I’m pleased to also inform that the regulator and its terms and conditions of tariff amendment 
which is issued recently also calls for the transmission service provider can put up the integrated 
storage systems. As part of it, the exercise what has to be done, the kind of documents what have 
to be furnished, the locations which have to be selected, the cost benefit analysis, all these things 
have to be done, and we have already done this. In terms of northern region, we have already 
submitted all our details, and we see a very positive traction on that front. And for the other 
regions also it will follow suit. And given the massive requirement of the storage requirements, we 
feel that Section 62 would be a very conducive way to create the ecosystem so that eventually 
these projects or these systems can be developed under the Section 63 mode. So, we see that this 
would be actually paving a good way for the system to be built in the countries. The OEMs will be 
having that much of a visibility, predictability. So, we see that moving forward, if it is gaining 
traction, POWERGRID will also be taking it up and we have already started it for your information.  
 Shri Puneet – HSBC:  
 Do you have a target capacity in mind for this over next three years?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 I would say not immediately now, but once we get a clarity on how these provisions which have 
been identified in the new regulation, the moment these are… because all the stakeholders will 
have to look into it. The moment the clarity comes on it, I am sure we should be able to give you 
these numbers in the next revision. We should be able to give you these numbers.  
 Shri Puneet – HSBC:  
 Understood. And secondly on the right-of-way, there were some challenges last year. Some 
amendments happened on the compensation. How are you seeing that moving ahead? Has it 
significantly improved, or you still see a lot of challenges on ROW?  

 
12 
 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 See ROW, right-of-way is always a perennial issue. Every tower is a project in itself. And it is not 
unique to POWERGRID, it is unique to every transmission service provider. It is not only that ROW is 
for a particular segment. So, it is there.  
 Now that it is there, the government has come up with an initiative. Since 2024 and 2025 it has 
come up with market rate determination, because earlier the right-of-way charges were paid for a 
quantum of area, but the rate what was applied for that particular area was primarily the circle rate 
or any other rate which was known to them. But now a mechanism has been given by the central 
government, guidelines have also been issued saying that this will be a market rate determined 
kind of mechanism, wherein valuers should be identified, and the valuers will be independently 
valuing that area. And more than one valuer i.e. three valuers will be identified wherein they look 
forward that it will emerge the right rate. The moment the right rate comes, we are sure that the 
land owner, to a great extent, will be willing to part the land for construction of the line, both under 
the tower as well as the corridor.  
 Just for your knowledge, I should say for a tower it is 200% of the area of the tower what we are 
paying. And for the corridor, where the conductor runs through from tower to tower, the entire 
right-of-way, we are paying 30%, 45% or 60% basis the quantum of urbanization which has 
happened over there. That is also clearly defined. And in order to speed up the process, specific 
timelines also have been issued, so that it should not only be the provision but also timelines also 
so that the outcome of the MRC rate is done quickly, so that the right-of-way challenges are to that 
extent mitigated.  
 Shri Puneet – HSBC:  
 Understood And lastly on the interstate, intrastate TBCB projects, you talked about 17 projects 
under bidding. How are you thinking about that? What all states would you bid? And what are the 
risk mitigants, given it is not as easy to collect as ISTS?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 That is quite an interesting question, I should say. Inter-State has a system of point of connection 
charges. You have the PRAAPTI portal wherein the payment security mechanisms are well taken 
care of. Having said that, as far as the intra-State goes, similar provisions in terms of regulation of 
power supply are also available in the document. And we are also given guidance that the PRAAPTI 
portal also should be, because through one particular amendment, the inter-State transmission 
licensee has been removed, and it is only defined as transmission licensee. So, we see that this 
portal going forward would also provide good strength as far as the payment security mechanism 
goes.  
 But then there are challenges again. Intra-State also still requires transmission lines, right-of-way 
would be there, and as what we see there should be good support from the government front as 
well to clear the right-of-way, which we are seeing a lot of support being provided by the central 
government, and the state administration has also played a very vital role in most of the projects 
seeing light of the day. 
 

 
13 
 
 Shri Puneet – HSBC:  
 Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
 Shri Amit Bhinde – Axis Capital: 
 Hello sir, Amit Bhinde from Axis Capital. So, I just want to understand what is the difference 
between the gross block that you would have made on the capitalized asset versus the NCT cost in 
the project that you commissioned in F26? And similarly, if you can give some inflation indicative 
number on the CapEx part as well that you are incurring. That's my first question.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Can you come back, again? 
 Shri Amit Bhinde – Axis Capital: 
 So, if you can help me understand the variance between the actual gross block that you will be 
recording on the balance sheet of the project that you have capitalized versus the NCT cost to 
understand the inflation impact on it.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 The NCT cost is purely a number which is derived much before the project is implemented, without 
going into the details of it. Whereas the cost what we undertake in our bidding has, to a greater 
exercise, has been done over there. So that is the cost what we go ahead while starting a project. 
But the real cost of a project is only after completion of a project. Whoever will be implementing a 
project, or whichever will be the infrastructure, the cost of the project is known only after 
completion. So, your question is what would be the difference between the NCT cost. 
 Shri Amit Bhinde – Axis Capital: 
 So approximately if you can give the variance, like 10-15% or so. 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 From project-to-project we cannot specifically say how much it would be there. But be rest assured 
that whatever cost we have been taking up, with the quantum of experience what we have in this 
sector, all costs were factored well. And in case if there are costs which are surprised to us in terms 
of something which we could not fathom at the beginning of the project in terms of force majeure 
and change in law, we see that these are also being properly addressed as part of the Transmission 
Service Agreement.  
 Shri Amit Bhinde – Axis Capital: 
 The second question that I have is this bidding pipeline that you mentioned. In that if you can give 
some colour around the timeline as to when we are expecting most of this to come in Q2, Q3 etc. If 
you have some visibility on that? And any slippage is a risk over there? 
 

 
14 
 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 I think this question would be better to the planner. Please understand, there is a planner who 
arranges these activities. We would be asking similar questions to say that when are these projects 
coming because we are a developer now. But having said that, the timelines are very well known, 
and they are very well documented as when the RFP comes. And in case if they have a challenge in 
finalizing it because of the off-taker and all, there could be a shift in a couple of months. But by and 
large, the projects once they are envisaged here, have seen the light of the day. So be rest assured. 
 Shri Amit Bhinde – Axis Capital: 
 Thank you.  
 Shri Namit Arora – InGrowth Capital: 
 Thank you, sir. This is Namit Arora from InGrowth Capital. Sir, my question was around TBCB. Now 
you mentioned two statistics. One is that the number of projects you’ve won this year and also your 
market share since inception of 44%. So, if you could give us some background on are you seeing 
competitive intensity increasing for TBCB projects in terms of your discipline, in terms of the tariff 
or the IRR that you look at? And going forward do you expect similar market shares or success rates 
in the TBCB projects?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Sure, sure. So, I would say that we have been in this sector for quite some time, initially under the 
cost-plus mode and it is more than now 14 years since we are into the tariff-based bidding. So, 
while undertaking the bids, we take into the quantum of risk-return framework of that particular 
project and then we go ahead, so that we are able to create value for our stakeholders. Keeping 
that in mind, whatever projects we are picking up, by and large would be in that focusing on that to 
make sure that the value for the stakeholders is ensured always. That's what I should say.  
 Shri Namit Arora – IndGrowth Capital: 
 Got it. Sir, my second question was in terms of the annual tariffs, most of your projects are ₹100 
crore plus, the ones that you won, but there are a couple of small projects also. So, in terms of your 
bidding, do you remain open to all projects that come out? And also, when the planners are 
designing, do you expect that the minimum size of the projects might go up, or there might be 
some small projects as well? 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Okay, I should say that the smallest project which we have touched was somewhere about ₹60 
crores or so. The cost of the project was ₹60 crores or so initially. So, the planners slowly realized 
that what should be the size of the project. For intra-State as you must be aware, intra-State there 
are thresholds which are defined by each of the state. So, they have given ₹150 crore, ₹250 crore 
depending upon the state. That is for the intra-State. 
 For the inter-State, we have the set of frameworks under which we have both or rather all the 
three, the CTUIL, the NCT and the Ministry of Power; they determine what should be the size of 
project which has to go to the TBCB. So as far as what is determining that, it is that particular entity 

 
15 
 
which identifies it. And whatever be the size of the project, the quantum of the activities involved 
are the same and we are indifferent to a smaller project or a larger project. We are more, as I said, 
we look into the total risk return framework of that particular project and then we go ahead for it 
so that we are ensuring that the value to the stakeholder is always intact.  
 Shri Namit Arora – IndGrowth Capital: 
 Thank you, sir. My final question was around technology and innovation both for asset 
management as well as for new projects. So while you are using a lot of technology, if you could 
give us some background, let us say whether it is drones or new technology, both for asset 
management given your very large network as well, as for new project implementation, especially 
considering that you operate in very difficult terrains also at times. So, in terms of innovation and 
technology, is it at par with what is being done globally, or are there some more innovations that 
you are considering to enhance your asset management and new project implementation 
capabilities?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Thank you so much for asking that question. So, as you understand, as the size of the network 
grows, which is an operation, and the intensity of project implementation also grows, we have big 
challenges in both of these. One what is in hand, it is massive, and what we are growing is also a 
massive structure. So we need to actually, with the quantum of manpower, what we have, we are 
very keen and focused upon bringing in new technologies to make sure that at no point of time my 
operational parameters are low or continue to be high, and at the same time the project 
implementation is at the best.  
 So as far as the operational part goes, POWERGRID has been one of the initial inroads what we 
have made in trying to not only have more of a technology-driven, but also AI-driven approaches in 
trying to identify the shortcomings or the defects before they really materialize into a massive 
impact on the system. So, we are able to detect them early and rectify them and take action at an 
early stage. With this approach, we are having a good number of AI-driven technologies and unique 
applications developed by POWERGRID only, not elsewhere. So unique applications which 
POWERGRID has, both in terms of towers as well as the major equipment; we do have this. And we 
are also moving more towards reliability-centred maintenance. So, this would be one of the first in 
the world what we are also looking at. Apart from that, we are looking into indigenization of one of 
the solutions, software solutions, which would also help the country in maintaining the security 
aspect. As and when we move a lot of IT into the system, we need to balance it with the adequate 
cybersecurity as well. Taking care of that, we are moving as far as the operational front goes. 
 And on the construction front, we are no longer in that initial primitive stage understanding the 
status of a project. We have the entire streaming, live streaming of all the projects that are 
available. We have a monitoring team wherein we look into the projects. Sitting in our control 
room, we can see all the projects, what is the status of it. Not only merely the projects, but the 
status is also updated on a handheld device. So internally, indigenously, or rather POWERGRID only 
developed that app wherein all this data is coming, and there is one single truth about the project, 
so that we know what action has to be taken, and timely action is taken to make sure that the 
project is not having any time or cost overrun.  

 
16 
 
 So, with these initiatives, we are confident, and also including the transparency and quality and all 
which we are bringing in, all these things will be positioning us in a good stead, not only in the 
growth of the company for new projects, but also maintaining the operational excellence what we 
already have. 
 Shri Namit Arora – IndGrowth Capital: 
 Superb. Thank you for your very detailed answers and all the best, sir, thank you.  
 Shri Archit Singhal - Bajaj Alternate Investment Management Limited: 
 Yeah, hi. So, this is Archit Singhal from Bajaj Alternate. So, two questions. First, you mentioned on a 
slide the opportunity size of ₹15 lakh crores, right? And we are doing annual CapEx of around 
₹40,000 crores as of now. So, is it fair to understand that maybe three years from now, the annual 
CapEx number itself can increase to ₹50,000 crore, ₹60,000 crore or ₹70,000 crore or is that like a 
too far-fetched assumption?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 It's not far-fetched. As and when these things materialize, understand transmission is an offshoot of 
the generation and load. I would have said few years ago it is generation, but I would say it is an 
offshoot of generation and load. The quantum of transmission evolution depends upon how much 
of generation is happening and how much of new load centres are coming up. So, as and when 
those are materializing, it is no option, but transmission will have to happen. Because as I said to 
you, transmission is the only way how electricity can move. You cannot take it in a tanker. So, I'm 
sure that as and when the generation comes up in new locations and the load centres coming, it is a 
common denominator for everything, whatever be the nature of generation, including nuclear 
power or whatever it is, because electricity is a fungible good and transmission is a neutral carrier.  
 Shri Archit Singhal - Bajaj Alternate Investment Management Limited: 
 And sir, a linked question is, I mean, as execution is picking up, capitalization numbers are 
improving. So, is it fair to assume that the earnings growth for the next three years will be 
significantly better than what it was for the last three years?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 You are not wrong. 
 Shri Archit Singhal - Bajaj Alternate Investment Management Limited: 
 Okay. Perfect. And sir, second question, second question on the HVDCs, you mentioned 22 are 
there in various stages of planning and bidding. So, what is the time period we are looking at these 
22 HVDCs to come? Is it like every year we can have two to three HVDCs coming for the next 6-7 
years?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Again, as I said to one of the gentlemen, it is the planner who will have to identify this question. 
Having said that, that's a disclaimer, the planner will identify it. So, having said that, it all depends 

 
17 
 
upon the many aspects will have to be fixed in for a particular system to be evolved, a transmission 
system, more so a HVDC system also. So, meaning that the potential generation centre, the 
potential load centre, the timing, what has to come, and then the number of OEMs who are willing 
to provide the solution in a particular timeline, should be taken. Because now to get the HVDC 
system in a matter of one or two years is not possible. So, you need a longer perspective. So, 
factoring all these, only then the solutions will be emerged.  
 And as and when they come, definitely there will be enough time for all of us to understand it, and 
we also require the time to undertake our bidding. So, it will come. These projects are there and 
they will become visible as and when we move forward. It will happen.  
 Shri Archit Singhal - Bajaj Alternate Investment Management Limited: 
 Got it. Thanks.  
 Shri Subhadip Mitra - Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
 Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. This is Subhadip here from Nuvama. My question is more around the 
macro-ordering. I understand that in some of the past interactions that we've had, you alluded to a 
number of somewhere between ₹80,000 crores to ₹1 lakh crore of annual tendering opportunity 
that can emerge. If we break up that ₹9 lakh crore, let's say out of that maybe ₹3 lakh crore already 
ordered, another ₹6 lakh crore left, probably over the next 4 to 5 years, roughly, that's the number 
we come to, and you can correct me if my math is wrong. So, taking that into consideration, do you 
see an upside to that number that opportunity can be higher than this number?  
 And secondly, as a derivative of that, once POWERGRID reaches an annual CapEx of let's say around 
₹45,000-50,000 crores over the next two years, is there a further upside to that number or do you 
think that number can stabilize somewhere around that ₹50,000 crore mark?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Okay. The share of electricity presently in the energy basket is about 22%. With the ongoing crisis 
and more impetus on electricity having a larger share, you'll be getting obvious answers where we 
should move as far as the electricity goes. And if electricity share increases in the energy basket, 
obviously the transmission also will have to follow suit. So, the answer for your first question that 
whether it will grow? Yes, it will have to invariably grow given the kind of conditions where we are 
in. Apart from that, a significant amount of intra-State is also coming under the tariff-based 
competitive bidding, meaning that more tenders are being floated as we speak. So, we see an 
opportunity only increasing. The bubble is increasing more and more. I'm not saying bubble, but 
then the entire horizon is increasing more and more. So, giving us more opportunities for us to 
delve in. And as we see that the opportunities grow naturally, then the top line also can't be left 
behind. It will have to grow. 
 Shri Subhadip Mitra - Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
 Understood. And specifically on the intra-State piece, you know, within this ₹6 lakh crore 
opportunity, would you say that the intra-State is roughly 50% of that? Is that a right, let's say, 
thumb rule to go with?  

 
18 
 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 No, no, no. It could be… See, these projects will have to evolve eventually. And most complex part 
of it is that the cost of the intra-State is not predefined anywhere. It is not stated. It is only a 
fraction sometimes of the total project cost. So, being guided by that particular number may not 
actually yield us any particular figure over there. But for safety, we can say that there is a good 
amount of opportunity in the inter-State and also a good amount of opportunity on the intra-State, 
because these two will have to go hand in hand. Because we cannot simply develop an inter-State 
and leave the intra-State just like that. So, they have to grow and they will grow together. 
 Shri Subhadip Mitra - Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
 Duly noted. Last question on the HVDC side, while you did answer, I think, in the previous question. 
From a near-term tendering and opportunity perspective beyond, let's say, I think the Barmer line, 
are there, let's say, a couple of more projects that you see visibility of over the next 12 to 18 
months on HVDC?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director:  
 Yes, it should be. As I said again, it would be the planner who would be deciding it. As you 
understand, the planning activity is done by a different entity.  
 Shri Subhadip Mitra - Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
 Of course. 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 So, as and when it converges, it will come through. It should happen. It should happen, because 
power being generated and we need long distance evacuation systems, so they will follow suit. 
 Shri Subhadip Mitra - Nuvama Institutional Equities: 
 Perfect, sir. Thank you so much.  
 Shri Nikhil Nigania – Bernstein: 
 Hi, sir. Nikhil here from Bernstein. I just had one question. So, now 80% of our work in hand is TBCB. 
And since we've won these projects, every single cost head has gone up, whether it is conductor, 
transformer, land, and possibly long duration interest rates. So, earlier, we were guiding on about 
11 to 13% equity IRRs at least some time back on these projects. Do we still believe we can meet 
that threshold of equity IRRs on these projects given the rise in rates, given the rise in all these 
costs and our inability to pass them through?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 As I've said, we are in this business for the last many decades. And in the transmission, TBCB also, 
we are proud to state that we are more than a decade now. For almost 14 years, we are into this. 
So, while undertaking this, we do factor these aspects as to what is the probable increase in it. 
There are provisions taken care for that.  

 
19 
 
 Having said that, in case there is a surprise which comes, which cannot be factored into a typical 
bid, they are well claimable under the change in law, which is provisions which are available in the 
Transmission Service Agreement. So, keeping this in view, we make sure that wherever we are 
bidding, whatever we are doing, we are able to protect the returns for the stakeholder. We are 
doing that. 
 Shri Nikhil Nigania – Bernstein: 
 Understood, sir. So, what do you say it's the same range, 11 to 13% equity IRR?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 It could be better as well. Please understand the model of a cost-plus RTM mode and a TBCB. The 
better you do in a cost-plus model; the returns are pegged to whatever be the cost of the project. 
Even if you do the best of the innovations, I mean, that's the way how the model is. It's not 
particular to transmission sector, and it's not particular to India. Wherever there is an RTM mode, 
be it any network, asset, etc., anything which is being developed in the RTM mode, the incentive for 
a better costing or a better operational efficiency is not discovered. Under TBCB, that is available. 
So, after the tariff, if you are able to bring more of efficiencies both in terms of the construction and 
the operational front, definitely that would be reflecting in the returns. There is an opportunity.  
 Shri Nikhil Nigania – Bernstein: 
 Fair point, sir. Thanks for the response. 
 Shri Mohit Pandey – Citi Research: 
 Yes, sir. This is Mohit Pandey from Citi Research. The first question, if you could give some colour on 
the phasing of the CapEx and capitalization for FY27? Will it be very back-ended, 2H heavy in terms 
of CapEx and capitalization phasing?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 I think I’ve already answered that question, right? CapEx? CapEx guidance you are looking at?  
 Shri Mohit Pandey – Citi Research: 
 No, no, not guidance. The phasing part of it. So, in FY26, it was very back-ended, second half heavy.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Okay, right. You are talking about the phasing part of it.  
 
 Shri Mohit Pandey – Citi Research: 
 Yes, yes.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Let me tell you, the transmission projects are not guided by a calendar year or a financial year, 
okay? They are guided by the quantum of work which is involved in it. So, maybe a project is taking 

 
20 
 
about 18 months, 20 months, 24 months, and that could happen in this financial year, or it could 
happen in next financial year. I just wanted to use this question to answer or to clear thoughts that 
why it is happening here, moreover it is happening less here. It depends upon the project which is 
started off and when it is ending. Hopefully, number of projects may converge on a particular 
quarter, so you see something magic has happened. No, magic was happening right from the 
beginning. So, it only culminated on a particular quarter over there.  
 And as far as phasing which goes, you should also understand that there are certain seasons 
wherein the transmission projects find it a little challenging trying to move forward over there, 
particularly the rainy seasons. But having said that, if you have completed all the projects and it is 
only a matter of commissioning of the system and the substation, they do take place. So, keeping in 
view the challenges, what will be coming forward, both in terms of right-of-way, the forest 
clearances, and then the disruptions going due to the natural calamities which are much more now, 
if you can try to say that. So, depending upon that the projects may converge. And by and large 
what we see is it will have an even spread across the quarters over there. It should be happening. 
Maybe you should be seeing few projects getting commissioned shortly or maybe it may take a 
month here and there, but then it would be evenly spread. It would be evenly spread. It is only 
incidental, coincidental that it happened in the previous financial year, everything happened in Q4, 
but not necessarily it should happen in the same way every time. No, there is no such statement 
happening.  
 Shri Mohit Pandey – Citi Research: 
 Understood, sir. Sir, so for last year, what proportion of the CapEx and capitalization exceeding 
guidance would you attribute to improvement in right-of-way challenges versus projects without 
those challenges coming in for commissioning?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Every project is plagued with right-of-way. Every project is plagued. Not only right-of-way, 
sometimes you have challenges in the supply chain as well. With high intensity works is happening 
across the country, there are challenges both in terms… Let us not only ascribe it to right-of-way 
alone, it is also right-of-way, the challenges in terms of the supply chain, few of the equipment. 
Sometimes you do not get a small equipment, the entire project is put on hold because of that, 
because massive amount of works are happening in the country. And then the availability of the 
labour or the skilled labour for us to undertake the works. So, all of that will culminate when all of 
that gets through, then the project is done. 
 Shri Mohit Pandey – Citi Research: 
 And sir, final question on the deferred tax asset linked movements from this quarter linked to tax 
changes. So, bulk of it is done or should we expect similar movements in the coming year as well?  
 Shri G Ravisankar – Director (Finance) & CFO: 
 All the TBCBs are already in new regime. Only POWERGRID was continuing in the old regime. So, we 
will be migrating to the new tax regime. So as per the Act/standards, we should re-measure the 
deferred tax liabilities for the one time this effect has already been given. We don’t expect further 
re-measurements in the future years. 

 
21 
 
 Shri Mohit Pandey – Citi Research: 
 Understood sir. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
 Moderator: 
 Last couple of questions if any, otherwise we can call it off. Over here.  
 Shri Shirom Kapur – Jefferies: 
 Hi sir, this is Shrom Kapur from Jefferies. I had a couple of questions. One, you alluded to 
sometimes projects can get delayed because of equipment supply issues. So, in the past we have 
seen that we have seen extended lead times for procurement of transformers and various other 
equipment. Could you comment on that? Are we still seeing stretched lead times? Is there a 
demand-supply capacity gap? What is… if you could quantify the capacity of transformer 
manufacturing in India right now versus the demand? That would be my first question.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 The capacity stands at about 300 GVA and the demand is much higher than that. 400 plus GVA in a 
particular year. I am talking in terms of the transformation capacity for both transformers and 
reactors.  
 Having said that, for the couple of years what we are seeing in terms of the challenges in procuring 
these units, a good amount of capacity expansion has also been undertaken by the OEMs. That is 
happening on one front. And we are going for bulk procurement, which is taking away the project 
specific procurement, giving enough lead time for the OEM also to supply the equipment. So, that is 
the reason you could see 72,000 MVA being added in one single year. Massive amount of capacity 
which has been added to that. 
 Other thing what has happened which I would like to also mention here is that the timeline, which 
was earlier, about 18 months for implementing a project, that was putting stress not only on the 
entire project but also on the OEMs as well. But with that being rightly recognized, and now the 
timelines have been recently increased to about 26 and 30 plus months, so that is giving enough 
room for the OEMs also to deliver. So, I see that multiple things which are happening, the timelines 
being increased and more predictability in terms of the orders which are there, capacity expansions 
which are happening, so all these things we look forward, we will try to ease down that particular 
situation, hopefully. But then the intensity of works also as it increases, more new projects coming 
in. So, we will have to see who is going to catch up with whom over there. That has to happen.  
 Shri Shirom Kapur – Jefferies: 
 Understood, sir. And the second question is on, so you know in FY26 your CapEx guidance of 
₹35,000 crores which you surpassed now and achieved ₹40,000 crores, do you see two years down 
the line your capitalization guidance which you have maintained at ₹35,000 crores, is there scope 
for that actually being upgraded given that your CapEx also was higher than you had initially 
estimated?  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 

 
22 
 
 Yeah. Yeah. CapEx capitalization will have to follow. We will have to follow. Is there any option? So, 
it will follow. It will follow.  
 Shri Shirom Kapur – Jefferies: 
 Thank you, sir.  
 Moderator: 
 One last over there. To my left. Okay, this one and then the last one over there.  
 Participant: 
 Hi, sir. Just one question on the regulated equity. If you can share regulated equity on a standalone 
basis and a console basis.  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Regulated?  
 Participant: 
 Equity. 
 Shri G. Ravisankar – Director (Finance) & CFO: 
 Regulated equity will be only in the standalone. So, for TBCB there is no regulated equity first of all. 
Whatever is appearing in the books in the standalone, is as good as that. 
 Participant: 
 Okay, sir. Thank you. 
 Shri Dilip – ICICI Securities: 
 Hi, sir. This is Dilip from ICICI Securities. So, my question was the CEA is planning to increase the 
fixed charges for the consumers. So, I was just thinking whether it can benefit the POWERGRID, or 
how it can benefit POWERGRID? 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 So long as the Discoms are having a very healthy practice to get their revenues, it is good news to 
us.  
 Shri Dilip – ICICI Securities: 
 So basically POWERGRID…  
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 So, the best solution if it is given to the Discoms, if the Discoms are healthy, it is good news.  
 Shri Dilip – ICICI Securities: 

 
23 
 
 So, POWERGRID also can benefit from this? 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 I am not talking about this, but then if there is some solution which is provided wherein the 
Discoms are going to be that much healthy, it is definitely good news to us and good news to you.  
 Shri Dilip – ICICI Securities: 
 Okay. Thank you so much. 
 Shri Burra Vamsi Rama Mohan – Chairman and Managing Director: 
 Thank you.  
 Moderator: 
 All right. On that note. Thank you, sir. It was nice. There are a few more segments, quick ones. I 
now invite Mr. Sanjay Sharma. He is the Executive Director - Corporate Planning, for the vote of 
thanks. And after that, a few photographs with you. 
 Shri Sanjay Sharma – Executive Director (Corporate Planning), POWERGRID: 
 Thank you, Mr. Bakul. Respected Chairman & Managing Director, POWERGRID, members of the 
Board of Directors, other members of POWERGRID family, our investors and analysts, and dear 
friends, a very good afternoon to all of you. On behalf of POWERGRID, I thank all the analysts and 
institutional investors for joining us today in spite of a very busy results season. Your presence and 
your continued faith is always inspiring and means a great deal to us. I thank the CMD and the 
Board of Directors for their continued guidance. I also thank the organizing team of POWERGRID 
Western Region I, ably led by Executive Director Shri A. K. Behera ji, for meticulous planning, and all 
the logistical support provided by the hotel, our arrangers, for the manner in which they have 
organized this particular meet. We value your partnership and look forward to continued support. 
Thank you. 
 Moderator: 
 Sir, we request you to just stand up for a photo. And after this, team POWERGRID, please be on 
standby for complete team photo after this. POWERGRID team, please, quickly on the dais. 
***End of Transcription*** 
 
 
 
