 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Dis-
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Analyst/Inves-
tor Meet held on Thursday, April 30, 2026. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to our letter dated April 30, 2026, please find enclosed the  
transcript of the Analyst/Investor meet held on Thursday, April 30, 2026, for your 
information and records.  
 
The same is available on the Company's website - Earnings Conference Call | Schaeffler 
India 
    
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
06/05/2026 
 
Phone:  +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
Digitally signed by ASHISH TIWARI
DN: cn=ASHISH TIWARI, c=IN, 
o=Personal, 
email=ashish.tiwari@schaeffler.com
Location: Pune
Date: 2026.05.06 14:12:03 +05'30'
ASHISH 
TIWARI

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
PUBLIC
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited Q1 CY26  
Earnings Conference Call 
April 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSHA KADAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MS. HARDEVI VAZIRANI – DIRECTOR OF FINANCE 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MS. GAURI KANIKAR – INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the Schaeffler India Limited Q1 CY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar for opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Schaeffler India Limited earnings 
conference call for the first quarter ended 31st March 2026. Today, we have with us from 
management, Mr. Harsha Kadam, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer and Ms. 
Hardevi Vazirani, our Director of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kadam will first take 
us through a short presentation on the results, after which we will open the floor for questions. 
 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kadam. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Thank you, Gauri, and good morning to all of you, and a very warm welcome to this earnings 
call of Schaeffler India Limited, the Motion Technology Company. I would like to briefly take 
you through my presentation. And as I always do, I would like to start my presentation by asking 
the question, why are we here? We are here because of our customers. And what the right way 
to start the presentation by sharing with you the accolades and the awards that we got from our 
customers in the first quarter of 2026. 
 
So I draw your attention to Slide number three of the presentation, where in the quarter, we were 
bestowed with six awards from six of our prestigious customers, starting with one from John 
Deere Partner Level Excellence Award that was given for our strong engagement right from the 
product development stage till the securing of the business and serious supplies. Fundamentally, 
in the applications of transmissions, predominantly the product portfolio being clutches. 
 
We also got an award from TVS Mobility, which is under the Vehicle Lifetime Solutions vertical 
of our business. And here again, they awarded us for engaging with them as a strategic partner. 
And this award is to commemorate the beginning of a good journey with TVS Mobility going 
forward as such. 
 
The third award I would like to draw your attention to is from Rail Analysis, an agency that 
covers the railway sector specifically. And for the first time, we have been awarded as a very 
valued supplier for the Indian Railways as well as for the Metros. Now specific to point here is 
our offering under the category of Innovation in Underframe Components and Engineering, 
specifically pointing to the insulation coated bearings that we have been supplying to Indian 
Railways and the metro applications as such. This enables superior performance and a higher 
reliability of our products there. 
 
The next I would draw your attention to is a customer, the largest customer in India, which is 
Adani Power. And we were awarded for an extensive engagement with strong on-the-ground 
engagement and a deeper robust distributor network, along with technical engagement with 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
Adani Power for their thermal power plant that was set up in Mundra, and we were recognized 
for the innovative product that we were able to offer here. 
 
The next in line is a valued supplier award coming from ELIN. ELIN which is an erstwhile Voith 
company. ELIN manufacture generators for the wind turbine applications, and we have been 
awarded for outstanding contribution, for quality as well as valued partnership engagement. And 
this is a testimony of the reliable products that we offer to the wind sector as such. 
 
Last but not the least, another award from John Deere, again, in the Vehicle Lifetime Solutions 
space, which is the aftermarket space for outstanding performance and making sure on-time 
deliveries towards John Deere in the aftermarket space. So, on the strong platform that we have 
set with good equations with our customers and credentials with our customers, let me move 
now to take you to the next three items on my agenda of presentation. 
 
And I would like to throw some light on the current economy and the industry situation. I ask 
you to refer to Slide number 5. What you see on Slide number 5 is the economic snapshot of the 
country. And clearly, the overall outlook of the first quarter for 2026 in India is one of a resilient 
domestic growth in spite of all the economic uncertainties, the geopolitical conflicts that 
prevailed in West Asia and also the prevailing trade pressures that were there. 
 
Interestingly, if one were to look at the combined index of the eight core industrial sectors, that 
increased by 4 percentage points in January 2026 compared to the same index if one were to 
look at the January 2025 numbers. So, the production of cement, steel, electricity and fertilizers 
and coal recorded a very positive growth in January this year itself. 
 
Automotive has been on a strong trajectory of growth, thanks to the steps taken by the 
government in last year pertaining to the GST 2.0 that was rolled out. All in all, inflation has 
crept up. However, it is still at manageable levels. And I'm sure the fundamental building blocks 
continue to deliver the numbers that clearly points to the resilience in the economic situation of 
the country. 
 
Yes, the currency sensitivity with the depreciation of the Indian rupee, while it reduces the 
overall GDP size in dollar terms, it affects the global ranking. But nevertheless, what is important 
is to ensure the stability of the growth rate in the country. And I think there it is well poised, and 
we are seeing strong traction coming from many sectors as we continue. 
 
That said, let me move to Slide number 6, which is going to throw some light. As I already 
mentioned, you can see here the cement production grew by 8.4%, steel growing by 7.6% in the 
first quarter and coal more or less has remained at the same level, where the high focus is on the 
renewable energy by the Government of India and electricity generation also grew by about 
2.3%. 
 
All in all, all the core sectors showing a positive direction of growth and thereby enabling 
manufacturers like us to leverage the growth momentum, and we continue to reap the benefits 
of that, and the results of the last quarter's performance is a testimony to that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
 
I move to Slide number 7, and I would like to throw some light on the automotive sector 
performance, which has been on a strong traction footing in this quarter as well. As you can see 
the numbers, the two and three-wheelers, the production volumes have significantly gone up, 
2.5 million two-wheelers produced in the month of March alone. 
 
And passenger vehicles, too, more than 0.5 million cars produced in the country in the month of 
March alone, which has been a clear increase over the last year same quarter, same month, if 
one were to look at the numbers. 
 
Talking of commercial vehicles, which was languishing last year, you can see month after month 
strong production numbers coming out there as well. Tractors, on the other hand, also have seen 
much stronger traction. And thereby, if you see the automotive sector, has posted robust growth 
story for India compared to the last year. 
 
I move to the business highlights.  And here, I would like to draw your attention to Slide number 
9. Now as you can see here, we have been able to post a robust growth performance and delivered 
INR 2,507 crores in the first quarter, which was a clear 18.8% more than Q1 2025. 
 
However, compared to the preceding quarter, we did have a drop of 5.1% compared to Q4 2025. 
While this was the situation on the top line, we did some cost corrections in some of the sectors 
as we had to calibrate the top line versus the bottom-line deliveries as well. So, there was some 
calibration exercises that we have carried out. And the result of that is you see that drop in the 
top line. 
 
Also, some of the sectors, we have seen some liquidity crunch in the market as a result of which 
the demand offtake came down a bit in the specific sectors. But that said, you would see the 
EBITDA performance has remained well on track. As you can see, we have been able to deliver 
INR 483 crores in the quarter and staying at 19% EBITDA. 
 
The profit after tax, bringing in INR 319.7 crores, again, remaining compared to the first quarter, 
which was 12.8% and stronger free cash flow generation as well, although it does reduce 
compared to the preceding quarter of Q4 and Q1 2025. But nevertheless, there has been a 
positive cash flow into the system. 
 
While we have judiciously moderated our capex spend, looking at the market demand and the 
portfolio demands, but it does not mean that we are going to cut down our capex. It's just a 
timing phase that we moderated for the quarter. However, as the customers' projects begin to 
take and evolve, we are going to continue our investment initiatives. 
 
So overall, I must say it has been a reasonably good quarter performance from our point of view 
in spite of strong headwinds on the supply chain area, particularly with the Middle East crisis 
that evolved into the supply chain getting impacted. We have been able to weather the headwinds 
and continue to deliver and create value for all our stakeholders. 
 
I move to Slide number 10, which I always pride upon has been our pipeline of continuity of the 
business. What you see on the Slide number 10 are the business development activities that we 
pursue diligently. And in the quarter, I am proud to say that in the automotive space, a lot of new 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
businesses that we have secured in the quarter, particularly in the transmission application and 
heavy-duty clutches applications as well as the hydraulic cam phasers. 
 
On the aftermarket side as well, we have continued to expand our portfolio of offerings, 
particularly on many of the new products, which we have had to bring in, which had to conform 
to the BS-VI requirement as the market demand went up. 
 
Bearings and Industrial Solutions, too, we had large, big wins in the quarter, particularly in the 
spherical roller bearings and in the housing area, some of the large TRBs as well as the CRBs, 
the raw material sector. So, we have been able to secure strong business wins in the bearing 
portfolio as well. 
 
I move now to the financial highlights. And I ask you to refer to Slide number 12. Our revenue 
from the operations, as you can see in the first quarter, as I already mentioned, INR 2,507 crores 
coming in was a clear 18.8% year-on-year growth. But over the preceding quarter, we dropped 
5.1% and split the revenue that came in between Automotive Technologies and the four business 
divisions that we operate. 
 
What you see is the automotive, which encompasses the ICE engines and the electric mobility 
both put together. The first quarter performance grew by 30.8% when compared to Q1 2025, 
while over the preceding quarter, we did have a marginal drop of 1.3%. 
 
Vehicle Lifetime Solutions also posted robust double-digit numbers at 18.1% over last year but 
a marginal 0.6% drop when compared to the preceding quarter. 
 
Bearings and Industrial Solutions, on the other hand, we did some recalibration here. And as a 
result, you see over the preceding quarter, there has been a significant drop, which is about 
14.3%. However, compared to the last year's quarter, you would find we have still done 4.2% 
growth. 
 
Exports also posted very robust numbers, as you can see, 32.5% compared to last year and 6.6% 
over the preceding quarter. Now with this growth, the way our demography of the sales mix 
looks like the pie chart, what you see with Automotive Technologies at about 37%, Bearings 
and Industrial Solutions at 35%, the Vehicle Lifetime Solutions at 12% and our IC exports - 
intercompany exports registering about 16% of the total sales. 
 
So, all in all, the snapshot message here is we continue to sustain the double-digit overall growth 
momentum. Yes, we did do some small calibrations in some specific sectors, on specific product 
portfolios, which was a planned activity that we have done so as to ensure that we continue to 
deliver the top and bottom line in spite of the strong headwinds that we have seen on the supply 
chain front due to the geopolitical situations. 
 
I move to Slide number 13, which talks about the earnings quality. And as you can see, the first 
quarter, our EBITDA, we brought in about INR 483 crores at 19.3% EBITDA, and the year-on-
year growth has been 18.6%. The quarter-on-quarter, there has been a drop to 4.5% drop. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
 
Now where does this EBITDA come from? The INR 483 crores, as you can see, it's clearly 
coming from our gross margin improvement has brought in INR 165 crores into the system. And 
while we had some employee cost as well as some other incomes, which were marginally smaller 
numbers that dropped. 
 
The profit after tax obviously has improved to INR 319.7 crores, up 12.8%, which has again 
registered a strong year-on-year growth, marginal drop when compared to the preceding quarter. 
And we continue to keep the focus with all the countermeasures and the corrective actions that 
we are registering is exactly in line with what we plan. We continue to sustain and deliver the 
positive value to all our stakeholders. 
 
I move to Slide number 14, which talks about the working capital and the capex situation. And 
I must say that we have been able to do much better in terms of the working capital management. 
As a percentage to sales, we have registered at about 17.9% and we will continue to keep our 
focus and efforts on our inventory levels as well as the working capital to make sure that we stay 
healthy. 
 
Talking about capex. As I said, we had marginally reduced the investments, but nevertheless, 
close to INR 80 crores still continued to be the investment within the quarter. And as a 
percentage to sales, we are at about INR 350 crores and 3.1%. 
 
Talking about free cash flow. We had a positive cash flow into the system of about INR 137 
crores coming in, in the first quarter compared to the Q1 of last year where it was about INR 
237 crores that came in. This was a little bit impacted with some of the liquidity crunch that we 
have been hearing from our customers in the marketplace as well. 
 
I move to Slide number 15, which throws light on the performance indicators. I already touched 
upon the revenue. And what you see here is the revenue growth of year-on-year at 18.8% and 
an EBITDA margin at 19.3% with an EBIT margin of 15.8% and a profit after tax of 12.8%. I 
think we have done a reasonably good result that has been delivered by the team here. 
 
That said, let me move to Slide number 16, where I would like to throw light on the consolidated 
financial results of Schaeffler India Limited as well as KRSV Innovative Auto Solutions Private 
Limited. KRSV, on the other hand, delivered a revenue of INR 78.7 crores in the quarter still 
has to breakeven when it comes to the profitability side, and it has registered an EBITDA of 
minus 13.4% and EBIT before exceptional items is -15.1% and the earnings before taxes is 
minus 19%. Overall, the consolidated result, INR 2,585.6 crores revenue, 19.1% on the 
EBITDA, registering a 15.6% EBIT margin at a consolidated level. 
 
Moving on, I move to my last slide, Slide number 17, which is summarizing our year-on-year 
growth, double-digit growth momentum, we have been able to sustain. We have seen mixed 
sectoral speeds growth rates, Automotive performing very strongly in the market. The demand 
is super strong there. Vehicle Lifetime Solution as well, we have seen strong demand. Export 
has really come back again very strongly. Industrial, while the market is definitely positive, we 
had to do some cost corrections along the way. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
 
And this has helped us to also register a very sustained earnings quality performance. And we 
have also increased our localization levels, and our localization levels have reached up to 80%, 
and we continue to keep the focus on capital efficiency going forward as well. 
 
I already touched upon the working capital levels. We will continue to sustain these good levels. 
And the capex remains on track. We will monitor the market demand versus the product portfolio 
readiness and accordingly keep switching the tracks to make sure that we invest in the right 
portfolio to the right market going forward. 
 
And as an organization, as a motion technology company, we are committed to continue to keep 
creating and delivering the value that we promise to our stakeholders. With that, I come to the 
end of my presentation. I open it up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the first question from the line of Raghunandhan from Nuvama Research. 
Please go ahead.  
Raghunandhan: 
Congratulations once again on stellar numbers. Firstly, on the demand side, for the industrial 
space, can you indicate how do you see the outlook for CY 2026? And how do you expect key 
categories like wind, railways, off-road and others to do for you? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. Thank you for that question, Raghu. As I said, in spite of the strong headwinds that we are 
facing on our supply chain front due to the evolving situations in the Middle East and West Asia, 
we have continued to keep our focus. We started off a crisis management team meetings on a 
daily basis to secure the supply chain continues to stay intact. 
 
Now that said, will the situation continue in the succeeding quarters? Well, I think it's a crystal 
ball question. The way it is evolving. All I can say is that as an organization, me and my team, 
we are prepared, well prepared to ensure that we continue to manage and sustain the numbers 
that we have been delivering. Our focus will remain there. 
 
As we see, we do not see major concerns in terms of delivering the numbers that we are 
committed to deliver this year. Of course, it would require a lot of monitoring as well as agility 
on our part. And I can assure you that our team is well prepared and we are fully aware of the 
current situation. 
Raghunandhan: 
Noted, sir. On the Automotive Technology side, we've had an extremely strong growth at 31%. 
And when we compare with the underlying automotive production growth, which is at 15%, 
there has been a strong outperformance. You have been increasing your wallet share content per 
vehicle. Any specific drivers which you can call out, which is helping you in this 
outperformance, which should continue to help in that outperformance continuing for CY'26? 
Harsha Kadam: 
As I already said, the traction in the automotive sector has been very good and strong. And since 
we are present in the, all platforms, all kinds of technology platforms, whether it is the ICE 
engine or the hybrid technology or even in the e-mobility, we have our portfolio is pretty active. 
 
I must say when one looks at the ICE application or the ICE engine application, I think almost 
all the product portfolios have done very strong in the first quarter for us, clearly pointing to a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
good traction in the automotive space. So, hybrid too has definitely done well. Clearly, we see 
that the automotive sector demand trend should continue the way it is, and we believe that it will 
remain robust going forward as well. So, we are optimistic on that front when it comes to the 
automotive sector. 
Raghunandhan: 
Got it, sir. Last quarter during the earnings call, the expectation on exports were more moderate 
at 5% to 10%, but good to see that we have started exports on a very strong growth of 30%. So 
how do you see the outlook? Is the outlook improving? Is it surprising you on the positive side? 
How do you see the full year given that there are all these geopolitical issues? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Very good question. So yes, if we see year-on-year quarter, we see over 30% growth. But if we 
see over Q4 because we ramped up significantly last year from Q1 to Q4, the growth is at 6.6%. 
And very likely, if we go run rate of the full year, we will be close to 10% to 12%. 
Raghunandhan: 
Understood. On the cost side, there has been an increase in the commodity cost. Is there a pass-
through based on indexation, which happens automatically with the customer? Is there any 
increase in any of the other expenses like power cost, freight cost, insurance cost? Anything you 
can comment whether we should be aware of any cost increases, which can impact in the coming 
quarters? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, Raghu, as you are aware, with the situation in the West Asia clearly has resulted in choking 
of the supply chains for the fuel. So, LPG, propane and some of the fuel items, which India relies 
heavily on imports has been impacted and the prices definitely have gone up there. So that means 
our input cost when it comes to usage of these certain categories of fuel has certainly gone up. 
 
What we have done is we have looked at alternate sourcing routes. We have also looked at 
stocking up some of these items. We are also exploring the possibility of looking at 
compensations coming from our customers. However, I think this is early days because it's just 
been 1.5 months since the inflationary increases have happened. I guess time will tell us how 
successful we will get in terms of adjusting these cost increases or accommodating these cost 
increases or getting compensation for these cost increases. 
Raghunandhan: 
Thank you sir for the details. 
Moderator: 
Raghu, I would request you to please come back into the queue for follow-up questions. We take 
the next question from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Just looking at the bearings business, especially in the industrial segment, I say, I mean, last few 
quarters, it's kind of remained at this level. It's been kind of flattish to maybe single-digit growth 
or a single-digit decline. If you could kind of give some sense, is it just weak end markets itself? 
Or is there some competitive intensity going up with more localized industrial bearing capacity 
getting built in the country? You had also kind of in your opening remarks mentioned about 
some calibration exercises in the bearing space, especially. So, is this also related to that? So, 
would help in getting the perspective on this? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Thank you Mukesh. I guess you asked the question and answered it yourself as well, wherein 
you said there are multiple causes which are contributing to it, not one. Rightfully, yes, what 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
you said is our localization effort still continues because we believe we want to be closer to our 
customers when we make the product. So that still continues. 
 
And I'm happy to share that our localization percentage has actually gone up to 80% now. So, 
we are on the right track there. However, while we are on this journey, we also look at the 
product mix, the market mix, the application mix. And as I said, we want to continue to deliver 
the value that we commit to our stakeholders. 
 
And if we have to do that, calibration is always a part and parcel of the game. So, we will be 
continuing to do this. So, we decided to do this in the quarter, first quarter right at the beginning 
of the year so that the rest of the quarters, we are able to sustain the deliverables that we commit. 
That's the intent. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
So just a follow-up on this, the calibration is because of pricing pressures in the industry. Are 
you seeing, say, either imports, I mean, our competition importing and supplying at lower cost? 
Are they producing locally and supplying at lower pricing? So, and is there a general pricing 
pressure and hence, you're calibration? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, that is one of the reasons as well that we see our competition is also intensifying their 
activity within India. And hence, it is important that we recalibrate our portfolios as well, where 
do we want to focus and how do we continue to sustain the growth as well as the profitability 
development for our organization. So, this is something we do every year. And this time, we did 
it a little more concerted way that we decided to do the correction at the beginning of the year 
itself. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. Got it. In your opening remarks, you also mentioned that some subsectors saw demand 
offtake coming down. Would you like to call out some specific end markets, say, cement, steel 
or something of that sort? Or is that a general comment that you? 
Harsha Kadam: 
It was a general comment. Fundamentally, when you look at the mining sector, we have not seen 
much traction on the mining sector, whereas some of the other sectors infrastructure growth is 
good. So, anything related to infrastructure industry is doing good. We are seeing traction in the 
cement and steel related to infrastructure. So, the energy sector, we have seen some ups and 
downs. We are seeing renewable energy still going strong. So, the mix is back there. Overall, it 
can be better if all the sectors were firing on all cylinders, which is not the truth. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Got it. Got it. And just lastly, I mean, we are supplying the e-axle to the Tata Harrier, as you had 
mentioned last year in one of your presentations. We also noted recently Tata Auto Components 
is having a JV now with Bosch to work on the e-axle. Is this something that you worry about in 
terms of future product supplies to your existing customers? Or you have enough on your plate 
in terms of working with other OEMs on the e-axle and you wouldn't worry too much about 
that? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, my answer to that would be that, yes, the competition is what it is out there. What is more 
important is do we navigate through and still keep our strategic goal and focus and continue to 
trudge along. And I think we are well placed with the kind of offerings that we bring. And we 
will continue to keep our focus on innovation so that we continue to differentiate our offerings 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
with our customers. We do that. So, we are well aware of what's happening in the marketplace. 
So, we have a strategy also to manage that. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life Insurance. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Just going back to the previous question on the slowdown that we've seen on the bearing side. 
So just trying to get my hands around it. So one, of course, you said there were some supply 
chain issues. You also mentioned some pricing pressure also because of higher local capacities 
from a fear. 
 
Would also one of the reasons be that demand itself is slowing down? So one is, of course, the 
supply, the other competition, but just trying to understand, has demand also slowed down here 
on the industrial bearings? And if yes, which segments are you seeing that? 
Harsha Kadam: 
We have seen a bit of demand slowdown in the aftermarket side of the industrial business, surely. 
And there appears to be a liquidity crunch in the market as a result of which the cash flows to 
our distributor community has been impacted in this quarter. 
 
So surely, that is something that we are aware of. So that is one of the business sectors where 
we have seen some slowdown that has happened, yes, amongst, of course, some small 
slowdowns that have happened in some specific sectors could be in the power transmission or 
railways has been pretty good as such. There's been no slowdown there as such. 
 
And fundamentally, when it comes to bearing portfolios, this is where we see a difference. We 
have seen a little bit of a shift. It could be a temporary situation because what we have seen in 
the past and our past experiences any liquidity crunch is seasonal and gets corrected the next 
quarter. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
It is seasonal. 
Harsha Kadam: 
It is seasonal. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Fair. Okay. Understood. And just on the export side, while what was mentioned was your Q-on-
Q, the growth rate obviously is down about 6% to 7%. Just if you could talk about some of your 
key end markets, how are you seeing those shape up more in the context, for example, the whole 
APAC, Southeast Asia getting affected a lot more because of this whole spike in crude prices 
and result impact on demand. So, if you could just talk a little bit more what are you seeing on 
the ground in terms of exports to some of your key geographies? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, our key geographies that we serve are Europe, China, some Southeast Asia countries and 
Americas. And we do not see right now any dip in the demand. The order book for the year is 
solid, . Currently, it's showing 10% growth, minimum 10% that we are likely to register. So, at 
this point of time, we do not see any challenges. In last two years, we have focused on Southeast 
Asia business development in exports, and it is bearing fruits now. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir and madam, on the battery management system side, I think the order wins, it's a concrete 
success. Are these stand-alone BMS controller wins or are they bundled with e-axle or thermal 
management models? And what is the average content BMS per vehicle? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, Bala, the battery management system, as you rightly pointed out, today, it is a stand-alone 
unit that we are selling to the customers. Now are we integrating this in the e-axle? I don't know 
if that's your question you're asking. As of today, no. But I think going forward, as the e-axle 
businesses start to evolve, it would probably get integrated within the complete scope of 
offerings. But as of now, yes, we are selling it as a unit, and that's what the customers want us 
to do. I don't know if I answered your question. 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sir. And sir, average content per vehicle, sir, battery management systems? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, we cannot measure just with battery management, isn't it? Because we'll have to look at 
what all do we offer on a vehicle. All the products, whether it is bearings, whether it is engine 
transmission parts, whether it is a battery electric vehicle, is it a motor, the reducer, the power 
electronics that goes with it, the sensors, everything. So, we need to total it up, correct? And 
that's how we measure, correct? 
 
I am not able to measure it combining both the ICE and the battery electric vehicle technology. 
We need to split them separately. But it goes without saying, while on the ICE engine, we supply 
a lot of component level offerings, on the battery electric vehicle, we have the capability to offer 
a system level, which is the e-axle, complete with the motor, reducer gearbox and the power 
electronics that goes with it. 
 
Now which obviously means in value terms, when you supply a component vis-a-vis supplying 
a system level, in value terms, the system level offering is at a much higher value, probably 
running into five digits, correct? Whereas here, at the component level, it could just be ranging 
from two digits going up to four digits. That's the way I would try and answer your question. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, my next question, execution exceeded FY '25 projections, which is enabling next phase of 
localization. At the same time, the cheaper imports from Europe under the EU FDA would lead 
to localization decision for components where local suppliers are lacking. 
 
I just want to understand which are the specific component categories are the most at risk and 
being switched back to imports? Because some of the components, local supplier, they are 
superior, some of the components, local suppliers, they might be lacking. Just want to understand 
if you can share your thought process on that? 
Harsha Kadam: 
So, for the e-mobility or the e-axles offerings that we give to our customers, our supply chain 
route through China, not so much from Europe. So, to that extent, we are pretty competitive on 
the Indian market space. I hope that answers the first part of your question. 
 
But if one were to look at some of the child parts that we have to import because within India, 
the supply chain doesn't exist for the special parts, could be magnets, for example. We are still 
relying on sources from outside of India, yes. While our localization in terms of manufacturing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
and producing the e-axle is well underway. We are already into the Phase 2 of our localization 
activity. 
 
One of the important steps that we are also working on is the local supplier development to start 
to source locally and cut down our imports as we move forward. So that, too, I would like to 
say, is happening, and it is clearly a part of the Phase 2 of the localization of the e-axles. So, 
while we are setting up the manufacturing line here, we are also developing a supplier base to 
locally supply locally produced parts. So, both are happening. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. 
Harshit Patel: 
Firstly, continuing from the last question since we have already begun Phase 2 of the e-axle 
localization at the supplier level, where do you think we would reach three to four years down 
the line in terms of the local value added in India? Will you be able to manufacture the entire 
system, almost 100% localization in next few years? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Our intent clearly is to source as many child parts as possible from within India, which means 
our supplier development activities are in full swing. Of course, it also means that we will have 
to handhold our suppliers to meet the engineering specifications that we, as a German, with the 
German technology that we come to India have to comply with. So that's clearly a mandate that 
we have. 
 
So, while we are on this journey, are we going to get into assembly to get into modules from our 
suppliers? Well, that is something we can always explore going forward. Nothing to stop us from 
evaluating a different business model going forward, correct? It all boils down to the competency 
and capability of our supply base in India. As soon as they gear up and get to those levels, I don't 
see any reason why we cannot also modify our business model. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Sir, secondly on exports, we have posted an extremely strong growth in 1Q CY '26 
itself and we have also upgraded our outlook for the whole CY '26. So, could you explain what 
has changed here in terms of end market uses, new business wins? Why is it that we are able to 
grow faster than what we anticipated earlier? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. I mean it is just our export is mainly to our group companies. And if they are having the 
better demand, we get the better order book. So apparently, it seems and it is not just one region, 
it is all around. As I spoke earlier, from Europe, from Americas, from Southeast Asia, from 
China. So, we are getting a good order book from our intercompany partners, and this is what is 
leading to the better outlook. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Abhishek Ghosh from DSP Investment Management. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
So, three questions. First, in terms of the outperformance that we are seeing in the Automotive 
Technologies, is that also to do with the integration that we have had with Vitesco or the benefits 
of that are yet to come? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
No, the benefits of that are yet to come. It is purely our own ICE technology products in the 
space of clutch systems and engine systems. It is purely from that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay. So, over the next 12 to 18 months, should one see some benefits of Vitesco to come 
through? I'm just saying because now you guys have been working as a one entity for some time 
now. So just in terms of timelines, how should one expect? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So globally, we're seen as one entity. However, in India, we are still two separate legal entities. 
We can leverage on their competencies on electronics side. However, Schaeffler India Limited 
stand-alone is still to leverage on those competencies. We will see in coming quarters maybe 
that on e-mobility side, we will have more synergies. And time will tell. However, there is no 
legal integration on cards as yet. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay. Got it. And just in terms of the cost increase that one is seeing, in terms of how does one 
see with a lag, one should see you are able to pass it on to your customers? How has been your 
past experience there? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
We talk about the price excellence, that means we try to pass on the input price increases. It 
takes somewhere between six months to 18 months to have the full recovery. We have first batch 
of price increases realizing from Q2 onwards. However, for the full realization, it takes close to 
six quarters. 
Abhishek Ghosh: 
Okay. And just in terms of the P&L, I see some amount of change in inventory. So, is there an 
inventory buildup that has happened towards the end of this quarter because you don't have the 
balance sheet for this quarter, but any thoughts on that because of some supply chain issues? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
There has been inventory buildup and the outlook for coming quarters is better. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Varun Jain: 
I have a couple of questions. So, you said the bearing localization  has reached 80%. So, I what 
is this localization percentage for spherical roller bearings and cylindrical roller bearings? And 
this 80%, which you said, what is the upper bound of where localization can go? Can it be like 
100% also? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Almost 80% localization is our total revenue we are talking and not just industrial. Within 
industrial space, we might be around 60% or so. And there is still enough room for us in the 
industrial space, specifically bearings to localize. 
 
It can never be 100%, in my opinion, as the technologies evolve, initial volumes, for example, 
e-axle initial volumes are lower. We cannot bring a complete line only for a handful of bearings. 
So, I don't think in a growing economy like India, where we are participating very actively at 
double-digit growth, it can ever be that we reach 100%. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay. And this U.K. catch line, which you relocated to, when will it begin production? And 
what is the pace of ramp-up you see for this? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Well, the process is ongoing right now as I speak. We are already now contemplating to build a 
second hall in the Shoolagiri plant, which is the new greenfield project that we started, correct? 
So, we are on track in terms of the transfer of the lines, correct? And the machines have started 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
to come in as well... Yes. What is, of course, needed is to expedite the process in terms of the 
business acquisition side, more we'll have to do that. And that is something we are focusing on 
right now, more to be acquired. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay, sir. And just last question. So, I'm a little new to this company. So just do you guys issue 
guidance? And if you do, like can you give us some revenue and margin guidance for CY'27 and 
28, if possible? 
Harsha Kadam: 
No, Varun. We do not issue a guidance as such. 
Varun Jain: 
Okay. Any indication of anything like any color even if it's not like formal percentage or 
anything? 
Harsha Kadam: 
The only color I can add is that we remain committed to deliver the numbers that we say we 
want to deliver. So, we value our investors. We will make sure we won't let them down. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Mahesh Bendre an individual investor. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
I'm from LIC Mutual Fund. Sir, my questions have been answered. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sudhir Kedia from Value Wise Capital. 
Please go ahead. Sudhir, please unmute your line and proceed with your question. Since there is 
no response, we'll move on to the next question, which is from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Am I audible? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Yes. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just a couple of questions. First, starting with the Industrial, Bearing Solutions business. See, 
you mentioned four reasons for the weakness in your business. One is the supply chain, second 
is the liquidity crunch in aftermarket and demand slowdown also us exiting some categories 
which are not profitable but if I look at two side Sir typically, when you look in times of stress 
when the industry is starting to have any supply issues... 
Harsha Kadam: 
Viraj, I do apologize to interrupt you, but your audio is not clear. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Is it better now? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Should I repeat the question? Or should I... 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, please. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Yes. So, my question is in times of stress, usually you see the business moving to the leaders, 
right? But what we are seeing here is us seeing a relatively underperformance in the industrial 
piece. So, I'm just trying to understand because even from a localization point of view, you seem 
to be much ahead of your MNC peers. So, in that sense, from a cost standpoint, from being a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
large group from a supply chain or liquidity point, you would be much better placed compared 
to else in the market. So, with that perspective, how should one understand our performance? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So see, first of all, when the performance of industrial compared to the last quarter is lower we 
have to understand that first and foremost, Q1, specifically industrial distribution, the 
aftermarket part is always lower because this is the time on 31st March when there is liquidity 
crunch and they are correcting the inventory levels. So that is the first thing. 
 
Second thing is even though our performance of the market appears lower, but overall, our 
capacity utilization are not impacted because we are compensated through exports. We export 
specifically the industrial bearings. So, there is as such no cost pressure because the utilization 
of lines is happening effectively. And at this point of time, with localization close to 80%, the 
capacity utilization of plant is well above 80%. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
If one has to understand versus various end markets, what is the kind of growth rate? So, forget 
about the quarter gone by, but if I have to look on an annual basis, say, aftermarket distribution 
piece or railways, wind, the major segments which we participate, what is the kind of growth 
rate you would have seen in the industry? And how would have been comparable for us? So that 
is one. And second is, any comment you can give or any color you can give in terms of the 
market shares or the competitive dynamics in each of those segments? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me take the first part of the question. There are some specific sectors, obviously, with the 
strong localization that we have. We have been growing better than the market as well, right? 
There have been some sectors, we believe, when the traction is good, when the demand is also 
strong, it is also good to do the corrections or recalibration, as I used the word earlier, so that we 
set the course for a long-term growth story profitably. 
 
So, it is important that we revisit our portfolios and also try to correct the course, which we 
decided to do. We started off this activity in last year -- Q4 of last year, which has now kind of 
culminated into it. So, this is a well-thought-out strategic step that we take. 
 
We have capacities, but we need to use them in the right area and use it to our strengths where 
we are more competitive and where we can generate more value. That's the strategic purpose 
here. Just because I have capacity does not mean that I go out and do business wherever we 
want, even if it is going to destroy the profitability, we won't do that, correct? 
 
So, this is a recalibration effort we have done apart from the fact that there have been some 
sectors, as Hardevi already pointed out, our industrial aftermarket saw some lower traction in 
the quarter. And generally, we see in the first quarter of the year, there's always a slow start, and 
then it builds up, correct? But this year, we have seen a little lower traction than what we used 
to see before. And the primary reason for that is the liquidity crunch in the market. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
So, if we keep the distribution piece aside for the other portfolios where we have done the 
recalibration due to concerns on profitability, what is driving this in the marketplace? Because, 
from a cost standpoint, given that we are much ahead of the competition in terms of localization, 
we would have a far better cost proposition than anyone else in the market. Correct me if I'm 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
wrong in my thinking. So, in that sense, if we have to recalibrate the concerns on profitability, 
what is driving that behavior, and who is gaining that share in the market? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Obviously, one of the strategic inputs is that the competition is also intensifying. So, it is not 
that the competition is sitting quietly as well, and we will have to accordingly try and correct the 
course that we are going on, right? 
 
So, this is a normal activity that we do, and we did it in this quarter. We try to do this on a smaller 
basis at individual account levels. We try to do it along the year. But this time, we wanted to do 
a major correction across it, which was required if we had to stay the course of delivering both 
the top line and the bottom-line numbers that we promised. So, we took that strategic course 
direction. 
 
When we take such decisions, obviously, we would look at what is the market situation, what is 
the competitor situation. Everything is factored in, and we make such a decision. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just one follow-up on this. Has the share gone to other MNC players? Or is it more towards local 
players or the unorganized, per se? I mean, any color in terms of competitive dynamics you 
could share? And in which segments are these? 
Harsha Kadam: 
We invest efforts in growing our business. So, which competitor is taking it, or which competitor 
is growing is not my quota. I think that you should do the check from your side. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nirali Gopani from Unique PMS. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Sir, the question is on exports. When we look at the last two years, the export growth rate has 
been very, very high. And when we say about calendar year '26, 10% to 12% of growth rate. So, 
over a little longer term, how should we look at exports? Is this a one-off, and we expect the 
growth to pick up over the next few years? Just a little broader picture will be very helpful. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
When we talk about our exports, as I said earlier, there's a lot of dependency on our intercompany 
partners, the related parties who are actually booking the orders and reselling. We don't export 
directly to the end customers. 
 
If the order book is good, since we have been doing a lot of localization and the products, 
specifically when we talk about bearing, the capabilities in India have improved. Thereby, we 
see more and more orders coming from all the economies of Europe, China, Southeast Asia, etc. 
 
And we don't have a kind of export strategy to focus only on export growth. Whenever there are 
idle capacities, those are utilized by intercompany partners to increase our exports. So, it is all 
depending on the order book that we get, like the current year's order book is in the space of 
around 10% to 12% increase. And we will continue to do so by utilizing our capacities for the 
global demand. 
Nirali Gopani: 
Right. So, I was coming from a similar perspective, right? Is there a focus to shift manufacturing 
to India or source more from India, and over a period of time, we expect that to pick up? Or 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
 
April 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
PUBLIC 
there is no such strategy, and it's only based on the capacity and the demand that our 
intercompany has? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, the group looks at the local demand first, if local demand is better, then the lines are shifted 
to India, and then the global market is served out of India. So, it is basically several factors, what 
is the market demand, and we are the best cost country ultimately. So, it benefits the group from 
that perspective also. But it is not for the only intention of export, it is mainly the first focus is 
localization and the local demand. 
Moderator: 
We take the last question from the line of Rosita Fernandes from Neo Asset Management. 
Rosita Fernandes: 
Actually, my questions are answered, though I wanted to know if there is any color for the capex 
for this year, 2026? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
So, it will be in the range of what we had earlier, INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores investment 
this year. This is the trend which was there a year before last year. Last year, we had rationalized 
a little bit. But this year, again, we will be picking up and going in that range of INR 500 crores. 
Rosita Fernandes 
All right. All right. And on the export front, so the total exports are from the entire group 
company is what I understand by the conversation earlier? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
That's right. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we conclude the question-and-answer session. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar for her closing comments. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. If you have any further queries, do reach 
out to me at gauri.kanikar@schaeffler.com. We can now conclude this call. Thank you once 
again. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Schaeffler India Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability)  
 
Registered Office: 15th Floor, ASTP (Amar Sadanand Tech Park),  
Baner, Pune – 411045, Maharashtra  
Contact Details: Investorsupport.IN@schaeffler.com  
Website: www.schaeffler.co.in  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515 
