 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                              CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road,                           
Nr. Sohrab Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2026-27/20 
 
June 02, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call on the Audited financial results for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026 
  
Ref:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing 
Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated May 20, 2026 bearing reference no. 
FC/SE/2026-27/14 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, please see enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call with the 
Analysts/Investors held on Tuesday, May 26, 2026 post announcement of Audited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and financial year 
ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded 
on the Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results  
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
Mandar Joshi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
Mandar 
Chintaman 
Joshi
Digitally signed by 
Mandar Chintaman 
Joshi 
Date: 2026.06.02 
22:48:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited (FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
Q4 and FY26 Results” 
May 26, 2026, 6.00 p.m. (IST) 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Chief Business Officer 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Country Head, Middle East Business 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
CEO, Globalbees 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Good evening, everyone.  
 
Welcome to Brainbees Solutions Limited Q4 and Financial 
Year 2026 earnings call. This is Harsh Kabra, and I have with 
me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari, Managing Director and CEO of 
the Company, Mr. Gautam Sharma, Group Chief Financial 
Officer, Mr. Vivek Goel, Chief Business Officer of the 
Company, Mr. Abhinav Sharma, Country Head of Middle East 
Business Operations and Mr. Anuj Jain, CEO of Globalbees. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of 
the Company. We wish to highlight that the call is being 
recorded and by participating in this event, you consent to 
such recording, distribution and publication. All participants 
have been muted as per the default mode and participants 
will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum for the 
members to ask questions after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
  
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the 
call and we will thereafter open for the Q&A forum. We would 
like to point out that some of the statements made in today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and the disclaimer to 
this effect has been included in the investor presentation 
shared with you.  
 
With this, I request Mr. Supam Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Good evening, everyone.  
 
Thanks for joining our quarterly earnings presentation for Q4 
as well as Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2026. So, we will start 
with key highlights for Q4 and FY26. On the consolidated 
business, we are free cash flow positive for the full year. 
Revenue for FY26 has grown by 12% year-on-year and 
adjusted EBITDA has increased by 24% year-on-year for the 
full year. We are happy to mention that net losses for Q4 has 
reduced by 57% and for full year FY26, it has reduced by 23%. 
Now, on segmental updates, revenue for India multi-channel 

 
 
 
3 
 
business, we are at 11.4% in Q4 growth and despite 
competitive intensity, which continues to remain in the 
quarter and our initiative specifically in offline channel that 
we had talked about in the last 2 quarters that was expected 
to go live in Q4 in the SH26, has gone live and has also yielded 
and resulted in a mid-teens growth in the GMV for our offline 
channel in India multi-channel. So, that's a very good outcome 
of our initiative and overall, we believe that with the current 
initiatives that we have taken across in the India  
multi-channel, we believe that this trajectory of sequential 
quarterly better growth will continue in FY27. So, FY27, we 
continue to believe that because of our initiatives that we will 
have a better growth overall for FY27 than compared to the 
entire FY26. We are happy to state that we continue to remain 
PAT and cash flow positive for an India multi-channel business 
for the entire FY26. 
 
In the international business, we continue to remain seeing 
the elevated promotional pressures from the horizontal 
commerce players that we had talked about which entered 
the market in late Q3 of FY25. But, we continue to remain 
super laser sharp focused on sustainable growth and has been 
able to reduce our adjusted EBITDA losses by 33% for the Q4 
year-on-year basis and 35% for the entire FY26. So, its been a 
very good progress on the international side as well, because 
our goalpost is to build the business in a sustainable way and 
reduce our losses to zero as early as possible with a certain 
structural math, both in terms of gross margin improvement 
as well as through obviously home brand expansion and sales 
mix expansion. 
 
On the GlobalBees front, we had a very strong quarter on both 
organic side as well as profitable growth. We delivered 28% of 
core category year-on-year growth in FY26 with roughly 
around 92 Crores of adjusted EBITDA post corporate expenses 
and we'll talk about in a little more detail as we go along. But, 
these were the highlights that we wanted to talk about. 
 
Moving further, you'll see performance for the consol 
business at a GMV level, we increased by 10% over FY25 

 
 
 
4 
 
revenue, overall grew by 12% to 8,547 Crores and adjusted 
EBITDA has increased by 24% on a consol basis year-on-year 
to around 486 Crores and Cash Profit for the entire year on a 
consol basis has roughly reached around 312 Crores, which is 
a 49% increase over the last fiscal year. Obviously, happy to 
report that we continue to PAT and cash flow positive in India 
multi-channel business and also on a free cash flow positive 
on a consol basis. 
  
Business segment-wise detailed performance in India  
multi-channel are, for the full year revenue grew by 9%. 
International revenue grew by 10%, GlobalBees around 20%, 
and other segments, largely preschool grew by 11%. Gross 
margin in India multi-channel, as you remember in our Q3 
presentation as well, because of the heightened competitive 
intensity, we had close to 140 bps of gross margin. Margin 
pressure that we saw in Q3 which has continued and a bit of 
other gross margin loss that we saw was largely because in 
our manufacturing part of our business, which is again very 
transitional because of the two factors which is rupee 
depreciation as well as crude-linked raw material prices, 
which has gone up. The good news would be that these are 
very transitional in nature. These will be passed on to the 
customers and the impact of the incremental gross margin 
loss apart from the Q3 will be regained back in quarter two as 
they are being passed to the customer in a regular BAU. And, 
in International, we saw a significant improvement in the 
gross margin expansion, 250 bps leading to 22% increase in 
gross margin and GlobalBees 9% and Others 11%, leading to 
adjusted EBITDA for India multi-channel around 505 Crores. 
International improvement of 670 bps with overall reduction 
of 35% year-on-year basis. GlobalBees 160 bps improvement 
and 153 percentage improvement over FY25, and our 
preschool segment also saw 21% improvement overall from 
FY25 on the adjusted EBITDA. 
 
Moving further, Q4 snapshot, our GMV grew by 10% for our 
consol business. Revenue from operation grew by 12%. 
Consolidated adjusted EBITDA grew by 18% to 118.7 Crores, 
and cash profits grew by 4% around 72.3 Crores. Moving 

 
 
 
5 
 
further, now we can go into our segment-wise performance. 
India multi-channel, which is our largest segment, we will talk 
about the key initiative updates that I'm sure all of you are 
eagerly waiting to hear on. Very happy to state that we have 
really worked hard on building and strengthening our key 
initiatives. RocketBees, which was 13 cities in Q2 and 22 cities 
by the end of Q3 and now by end of Q4, we have moved up to 
62 cities and overall percentage of our online delivery 
volumes, we're able to deliver 40% plus by end of Q4 through 
our RocketBees initiative, which is obviously having a far 
improved, better TAT than some of our other shipping 
partners and resulting into incremental growth as well as 
customer experiences in the PIN codes and the cities and the 
PIN codes that we are delivering for under the RocketBees. 
We will continue to expand this. We had promised that we 
will deliver to around close to 50 plus cities and more than 
almost 45 to 50% of our volumes in our online sort of business 
by middle of the year. We have been able to deliver it ahead 
of the curve and we comfortably should cross that number by 
the next quarter end. On Qwik again, happy to report that we 
had started a pilot phase. Now we have expanded the pilot 
phase. We are very clear that we will be going ahead with this 
strategy no longer a pilot anymore now. It is doing extremely 
well and we have expanded to 5 cities over last few months. 
This initiative was started from 1st of December 25 and just 
been a few months by end of March, we had crossed 5 cities 
and here we are doing select catchments in the cities and in 
the catchments that we are doing. We are already crossing 
20% of our overall online orders under our Qwik initiative and 
where we are able to deliver the customer in less than 3 hours 
and we expect over the full year of FY27, our Qwik deliveries 
over entire B2C shipments should cross roughly around 10% 
of our overall online business. So, this we will continue to 
expand on recurring basis nonstop as we have been able to 
leverage our COCO stores, our warehouses, our stockist 
network and few of the dark stores as well. So, this has been 
a very good experience, customer experience has been 
superb here and we continue to believe in the strategy and 
we believe that as we increase more cities, more catchments 
within the existing cities where we have opened, we will 

 
 
 
6 
 
continue to get the love of our customers and be able to 
defend some of the categories that we had impact from some 
of our competitors, especially around Diapering. So, we will 
continue to double down on our expansion of Qwik and we 
are extremely happy that we really have executed well on our 
Qwik initiative. On the third initiative that we talked about 
was addressing both footfall as well as the growth in the 
offline channel. We wanted to fix the product mix and we 
have launched in SH26 somewhere around March and an 
impact has been fairly solid. As you can see in the year-on-
year GMV growth for Q4 in the offline business has been 
around 15% which has grown substantially from Q1 to Q2 and 
Q3 and Q4. So, All our 3 initiatives have been delivering well. 
I have only one point to make that while most of these 
initiatives are fairly new, if you look at RocketBees, it's just 
hardly a few quarters and it takes time to build a mature city 
under RocketBees. The area under the curve or the number 
of shipments within a city that we can serve through a 
RocketBees, it takes time to build that network. So, the real 
impact of RocketBees you will see, as more and more 
customers get impacted and build their repeat cohorts and 
build their frequency while having great customer experience 
and likewise for the Qwik and the offline initiative has just 
started. So, you can be sure of that in FY27, the growth for the 
offline channel should continue to be as strong as what you 
have seen in the mid-teens, in what you have seen in Q4. So, 
with all these three initiatives, we remain fairly, I would say, 
confident of the FY27 growth will be much superior than the 
FY26 and this gives us the confidence and clarity of how we 
are actually being able to execute and we'll be able to deliver 
that.  
 
Moving further, I would request Vivek to take India  
multi-channel progress. Vivek, over to you. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you, Supam. So, I'll take you through the progress of 
India multi-channel in this quarter as well as financial year 26. 
So, happy to report that in financial year 26, we grew by 11% 
in terms of GMV in India multi-channel and for the first time, 
we crossed $1 billion in GMV for the India multi-channel 

 
 
 
7 
 
business. So, moving to some of the key updates, as Supam 
has already shared on some of these things. We witnessed 
sequential improvement in year-on-year growth rate for 
revenue despite heightened competitive intensity during the 
last two quarters. Our diapering category continued to 
witness heightened competitive intensity during the quarter 
which led to pressure on both on growth as well as margins. 
Whereas, our non-diapering portfolio which contributes to 
over 85% of our GMV, remains very robust and continues to 
perform well. Our annual unique transacting customers stand 
tall at 11 million. Our orders for Quarter 4 FY26 grew by 10% 
and GMV grew by 12%. At GMV for FY26 as I already 
mentioned, grew by 11% year-on-year. 
 
Can we move to the next slide? 
 
So, as Supam has mentioned, even in India multi-channel 
business, we have continued to see sequential improvement 
in revenue growth. For Quarter 4 FY26, we grew by 11%, in 
terms of our revenue. For FY26 over FY25, we grew by 9%. 
However, as Supam has mentioned that a gross margin has 
seen some further dip largely in our manufacturing operations 
which is because of rupee depreciation and increase in  
crude-linked raw material prices because of geopolitical 
situation. If not for these volatilities, our gross margin in Q4 
would have seen a similar drop, which was because of the 
competitive intensity in diapering which we saw in Q3 year-
on-year. Further, if I would say, we have recovered almost 80 
basis points of this loss in our EBITDA for Q4, owing to our 
operating leverage benefits. Now, I'll pass it on to Abhinav for 
international updates. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Abhinav, you are on mute. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Abhinav, you are on mute. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
I'm sorry, I had to unmute myself, I forgot about that. So, 
Good Evening, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. So, we'll 
go over the first few slides, for our international business. For 
those of you who joined for the first time this call, we'll just 

 
 
 
8 
 
go over certain metrics here. So, very favorable sort of 
demographic and a market opportunity lies ahead of us in the 
international market. As you can see, the birth rates are 
slightly higher in KSA as compared to India. The spins, as you 
can see, are substantially higher in both the markets, KSA as 
well as in UAE versus India. So, that's a large opportunity there 
and obviously the childcare market size forecasted is also 
significantly high, not as high as India but significantly high for 
the international market. So, that's the market opportunity 
we have in front of us and we'll speak more about it as we 
move along.  
 
Can you go to the next slide, please?  
 
So, in UAE, we've been live since October of 2019 and in KSA, 
we've been live since August of 2022. So, in both the markets, 
we are offering our customers the flexibility to choose the 
language of their choice, English or Arabic, So, we have our 
app in both English and Arabic. Largely operating as an online 
platform in both the markets, UAE and KSA and our AOVs as 
compared to the international segment as compared to the 
India business, is about 4 times as high. 
 
Next slide, please. 
 
Now, this is an important slide. This shows you the evolution 
of our progression of gross margins. For our international 
business segment versus in comparison to the India  
multi-channel and the reason is because we, as a business in 
the international segment are about 5 years old and as you 
can see, we've clocked the same gross margins as India had 
clocked, where it was 8 years old. So, we are well on track in 
terms of gross margins improving year-on-year, quarter-on-
quarter and you will see it in subsequent slides as well. A key 
important points here, the playbook that is being used and 
refined also for the international business has been played 
out in India as well. The levers,  some of the levers, not all, but 
some of the levers that I want to highlight here for gross 
margin expansion are increase in the home brand share of top 
line and within home brands, also the fashion business share, 

 
 
 
9 
 
fashion share to the business. Also, improving our gross 
margins in both home brands as well as third-party margins, 
because third-party brands also are equally important 
because it's a consumer-facing business, so obviously, it is 
what the mom likes. If they like our home brand, which they 
do, plus, if they want to choose anything from the non-home 
brand or the third-party brands, we offer that as well but 
ensuring that the margins make sense on the third-party side 
as well with the economies of scale that we see going forward. 
Also, obviously, as we grow, we will see as in any business, 
operational efficiency is kicking in. So, gross margin 
improvement levers, couple of them I've just spoken about 
and these were the same levers in play in India as well, in the 
progressive years that India saw in its business. So, very 
comfortably stacked here in terms of the way forward, what 
we need to do to grow the business sustainably. 
 
Next slide, please. 
 
So, some of the key highlights for FY26. We continue to 
witness promotional activities and heightened promotional 
activities by the horizontals that we spoke about, Supam 
spoke about in his first two slides. However, we continued on 
the path of sustainable growth, as we have been over the last 
four quarters progressively. We've seen a reduction in EBITDA 
losses by 33% year-on-year for the FY26 and 35% on a full-
year basis, FY26 versus FY25. AUTC increased by 7% in this 
quarter, Q4 FY26 versus same quarter last year. Orders grew 
by 6%, year-on-year FY26 versus FY25.  
 
Next slide, please.  
 
So, $100 million plus in revenue in FY26 and we should see 
this growing progressively as we move along. The key 
highlights here, this quarter, we grew 9% over the same 
quarter last year. More importantly, 470 bps margin 
expansion on the back of a 9% growth and for the full year, 
we had a 240 bps margin expansion with a 10% growth. So, 
while we are growing sustainably, we also ensure that our 
gross margin expands and that you can see on the right-hand 

 
 
 
10 
 
side, where our EBITDA losses for the same quarter last year, 
we are lower by 33% on absolute terms and as a percent of 
revenue, we went from 15% to 9%. For the full year, we 
reduced our losses from 140 Crores to 90 Crores, a reduction 
of 35% and our losses now stem at 10% versus 16% in FY25. 
 
Next slide. 
 
Again, as we've spoken earlier on multiple quarterly calls, our 
prime focus has been to not just grow the business but grow 
it sustainably, not chasing top line at any cost but growing top 
line ensuring that we reduce our losses substantially, so you 
can see the progression here from FY23 to FY25. There has 
been a 830 bps reduction in losses and again in FY26 over 
FY25, was a 674 bps reduction which, like mentioned in the 
previous slide, which is 10% of our revenue versus 16% last 
year.  
 
Anuj, over to you, please. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Anuj, you’re on mute. We can’t hear you. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Ok. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah. We can hear you now. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
 
Now, you can hear me? Ok. Alright, So, I'll just give you an 
update on GlobalBees. Hi. So, we look at first, let me just 
quickly take you through, our GlobalBees is structured. So, we 
have essentially four broad categories that we look at, which 
is home utilities, home appliances, fashion and lifestyle, and 
beauty personal care / health and personal care. So, these are 
the four broad segments in which we operate. As you know, 
over the last year, it's been a very important point for 
GlobalBees, where we've been rationalizing our portfolio of 
brands to focus on the ones that will continue to drive growth 
as well as profitability. 
 
We can move to the next slide. 
 

 
 
 
11 
 
So, if I look at the overall performance for the year, and I look 
at specifically the four categories, we did a revenue of 1876.8 
Crores, which was a 28% year-on-year growth and a 91.9 
Crore adjusted EBITDA post-corporate expenses, which 
translates to a 4.9% of revenue. Now, these four categories 
are the ones that we will continue to focus on in the long 
term. The rationalization of other brands are the ones that are 
witnessing lower revenue growth and had been incurring 
losses. We're almost at the trail end of rationalization of these 
brands and our endeavor is to complete this rationalization by 
this quarter end, so that we're able to then move on to 
sustainable top line growth and bottom line growth as 
outlined in FY26. 
 
Okay, we can move to the next slide. 
 
So, if I compare our performance in terms of revenue and 
adjusted EBITDA, we’ll look at revenue first. So, in the last 
quarter, we had a 15% growth quarter-on-quarter, this 
quarter to last FY25 quarter four and on a full year basis, we 
grew by 20% on a consolidated basis. The 20% is lower than 
the 27% of core brands, purely because of the rationalization 
of brands, as I've mentioned earlier. All of this growth that I'm 
mentioning is organic because the last acquisition that we 
made at GlobalBees was in September 2022. 
 
In terms of adjusted EBITDA, we have moved in quarter four 
FY26. We did an adjusted EBITDA post-corporate expenses of 
26.5 Crores which is 5.8% of revenue, 9X increase from the 
quarter four FY25 adjusted EBITDA post-corporate expenses, 
which was at 0.7%. We had a significantly healthy growth in 
our EBITDA. If I look at it on a full year basis also from FY25 to 
FY26, we've moved from 1.4% to about 3% of 56 odd Crores 
of adjusted EBITDA post-corporate expenses, which is a 2.5X 
increase. 
 
Okay, we can move to the next slide. 
 
Overall, as you will observe, there has been a continuous 
trend of improvement in our bottom line over the years from 

 
 
 
12 
 
FY23, where we were negative to even in FY24 where we were 
EBITDA neutral. Now at FY26, we stand at a healthy 3% 
adjusted EBITDA post-corporate expenses. This is also 
adjusted for ESOP cost. So, this 3% includes the rationalization 
of brands, but its improving as we move along. That's the 
update that I had on GlobalBees.  
 
We can move to the next slide. Now, Gautam will take to the 
other slide. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks Anuj. So, this is our last segment, fourth segment, 
which is called as others, represent the preschool business, 
continuously growing from 208 preschools, end of FY24 to 
more than double, end of FY26 and in terms of number of 
students enrolled, its almost 3X in 2 years. 
 
Next slide, please. 
 
A healthy growth in revenue, 11% growth in revenue in FY26 
over FY25 and around 220 bps improvement in the EBITDA 
from 24% in FY25 to 27% in FY26. Now we talked about the 
consol performance. So, while these numbers have been 
previously covered by Supam, Abhinav and Vivek. So, India 
multi-channel business, it's a 9% growth in 26 over 25.  
8.8% adjusted EBITDA for FY26. This was 9.5% in FY25, this is 
largely because of, as Supam and Vivek mentioned, some 
pressure in gross margins which is on account of heightened 
competition in our diapering category, which represents 15% 
of our business and the second one is basically a dip in Q4 
because largely in our manufacturing business, because of 
rupee depreciation and the increase in the crude-linked raw 
material prices. This dip, there is a lag in terms of recovery 
from the customers, lag of around 1 to 2 quarters. So, from 
Q2 onwards, the gross margin loss because of crude-linked 
raw metal prices and rupee depreciation should be covered. 
So, we will be recovering the gross margin.  
 
International business, Abhinav talked about, despite of a 
10% YOY growth in FY26, we managed to reduce our losses by 
almost 50 Crore rupees from a 140 Crore rupees loss in FY25. 

 
 
 
13 
 
We reduced our losses to 90 Crore rupees in FY26. So, from 
16% it has come down to 10%. GlobalBees business continue 
to grow very well while on a consol level, it's a 20% growth. 
However, if we talk about a clean slate that is the growth in 
the core category, that is 28% and has delivered an EBITDA of 
4.9% and as Anuj mentioned, the rationalization of the other 
brands should be over by Q1 FY27. So, we should see a 
continuous, a complete organic growth of the core business 
starting Q2 and also by EBITDA which is 4.9% in FY26. Others 
which is preschool business, 27% EBITDA and 11% growth. 
 
Next slide. 
 
So, all those, the results of those four business segments, it 
basically gives us a 12% growth in Q4 on a YOY basis and a 
similar growth in FY26 over FY25. Gross margin dip, we can 
see a gross margin dip, again this is because of 2 reasons. One 
is the dip in the gross margin of India multi-channel business 
which Supam, Vivek explained. I also explained the previous 
slide and the second reason is a slight dip in the gross margin 
in the GlobalBees business. However, we maintained or we 
increase our EBITDA in Q4 for the full year in GlobalBees 
business. Consol adjusted EBITDA, despite of a dip in gross 
margin from 37.4, we have come down to 36.2%. We still 
managed to increase our adjusted EBITDA on a consol basis, 
both at a Q4 level and also at the full year level. So, Q4 
adjusted EBITDA has increased by 18% and the full year 
adjusted EBITDA has increased by 24%. That's it. So, this ends 
our presentation. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
We're happy to take questions. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thank you, team. We will now move on to Q&A. I now request 
participants to raise the hands for asking questions. We will 
unmute you one by one, and you will have access to the mic. 
Please introduce yourself and name of the organization you 
represent. The participants are also requested to limit their 
questions to a maximum of two. For any follow-up questions, 
you may join the queue again. 
 

 
 
 
14 
 
First question is from Jinesh Modi. Jinesh, please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Mr. Jinesh Modi 
 
Hi, Jinesh Modi, this side. So, you have taken various 
initiatives to improve the delivery performance for your 
online business, like delivering to your own logistic network. 
So, what percentage of orders are delivered through these 
networks? and, what is the logistic cost increase in the Q4 and 
what is the expected increase in FY27? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
So, Jinesh, I think, the percentage of orders that we were 
delivering by roughly around Q3 end were some 28%. Now we 
have crossed 40% plus end of March 26 and we will continue 
to increase it. Our goalpost was to reach close to 45 to 50% by 
middle of the year. I think we remain, we believe we are 
ahead of the curve and we should be able to deliver it before 
the next quarter ends and in terms of cost, there is a marginal 
front loading of the cost that actually happens both for 
RocketBees as well as for the Qwik, because it takes certain 
time to reach to a little maturity within a city in terms of the 
number of shipments that we can do under RocketBees. So, 
till then, you have to front-load, so, we will have some impact 
of 40 to 60 bps from few quarters, but in a medium term as 
the network matures, our cost will normalize to a regular sort 
of a cost structure that we had, and that cost will be, excess 
will be nullified. So, that's how I hope I've answered both your 
question in terms of for percentage of shipment, as well as on 
the cost front.  
 
Mr. Jinesh Modi 
Okay, yeah, thanks. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thank you, Jinesh. The next question is from Vishal Doshi. 
Vishal, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Vishal Doshi 
Hi sir. Hello.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, Vishal. 
 

 
 
 
15 
 
Mr. Vishal Doshi 
Sir, my question is, how is the store business in ME doing? and 
you have only added 10 COCO store in FY26. What is the plan 
for the store opening in financial year 27? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So in fact, you know we have mentioned in our previous calls 
as well, that because of the macros, we wanted to maintain 
capital efficiency, and that's the reason we are kind of paused 
opening of company owned stores in FY26. Given the 
initiatives that we have taken to improve the offline growth, 
Q4 numbers are a testimony to the improvement in growth, 
which is the growth is best in last seven quarters. So, we will 
double down on our approach to open company-owned 
stores in FY27 and hopefully with a mix of COCO as well as 
FOFO stores, we should be opening roughly 100 stores in this 
year.  
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thank you, thank you, Vishal. The next question is from Tejas 
Shah. Tejas, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Hello, am I Audible? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, it is. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah. Yeah, Tejas. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Yeah, hi, hi. Hi, Supam. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just 
first question, the interventions that we have made on India 
multi-channel business, the areas or the PIN codes that we are 
actually now fully deployed in terms of whatever 
interventions we had to make, what are the key operational 
and financial parameters that you are seeing, which gives us 
a lot of confidence that, once we roll it out fully, it will actually 
kind of bring back what the momentum that you're missing 
for last one year? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure. So, Tejas, while I and Vivek both can answer this 
question, but Vivek, you can add, I'm going to maybe start. So 
look, Tejas, this is a fair question and both for RocketBees 
initiatives as well as for the Qwik initiatives, we felt that there 
is a clear superior customer experience that we are able to 

 
 
 
16 
 
deliver which is what we had originally planned with these 
initiatives and when I say its a very tangible incremental 
outcome and with that we are also experiencing incremental 
growth in those catchments for Qwik as well as in those cities 
where we have RocketBees has reached to a certain maturity 
in terms of the total number of shipments in that city. So, with 
that, we believe, as we increase area under the curve both for 
RocketBees as well as for the Qwik and as it improves, this will 
give us with a lag effect, because it takes time to reach to a 
certain volume or a network to a point where we have a 
certain volume in the city, and as we reach there, we will have 
a benefit of incremental growth being accrued to our overall 
online business. Vivek, you want to add anything? 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Yeah. So, Supam, as you rightly mentioned that, we are seeing 
a lot of positive movement on the consumer experience 
matrices. So, from that window, very confident that as the 
network matures of RocketBees as well as Qwik expands, we 
should see a good positive impact on our FY27 growth and so, 
I think that’s it. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And this is the key operating metrics that we see is basically 
reduction in delivery TAT, actual delivery TAT, on-time 
delivery which is probably the best in the industry. Its  more 
than 92%. All these factors put together as Supam mentioned, 
there could be a lag in terms of seeing a tangible growth in the 
online business. But yes, we have already started seeing good 
results in terms of service metrics and we strongly believe that 
FY27 online route should be much superior compared to the 
growth that we have given in FY26. 
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Sure, and Gautam, this intervention that you spoke about on 
KPI, it will largely reflect in better AOV frequency or recruiting 
more users on the platform?  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
It will be both, it will be, improving the retentions as well as, 
acquiring more number of customers.  
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Perfect. Second, just if you can elaborate a bit what exactly is 
the source of this gross margin pressure you touched upon a 
bit on certain categories, but is it more of a competitive 

 
 
 
17 
 
pressure which is hurting us or inflation or mix of everything 
playing out together? 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, we talked about there are on the India multi-channel, 
there were two parts to it. We saw 140 bps that we saw in Q3 
that we explained, that has continued. It will take us couple of 
quarters for the irrational discounts or irrational intensity to 
go away. We had seen this pressure in 2016-2017 as well, but 
everything normalized and lately, few more players in the 
Quick-com who have joined sort of and again there has been 
the same intensity has been carried forward in the larger 
horizontal commerce players as well. So, we believe that its 
probably a 4-6 quarters sort of a phenomena. It'll go away. So, 
that's on the 140 bps that we are talking about, that we spoke 
in Q3, that has continued for this quarter. The remainder part 
of the gross margin loss in Q4 in the India multi-channel, it's 
very transitory as especially coming from our manufacturing 
and which is crude-linked inputs cost as well as rupee 
depreciation and as it gets passed to the customer, you will 
see a bumping back fully recovered in Q2. So, it's just 
transitory in nature. In past, it has happened, but such a steep 
depreciation and such a steep increase in crude prices not 
happened in the past. At least we haven't seen it. But, since it 
will get recovered from the customer, so, from Q2 onwards, 
as Gautam mentioned, we'll be back on track. This part of the 
loss will be recovered in our Q2 numbers.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Just to add, what will improve the gross margins going 
forward, the gross margin expansion levers, which is increase 
in home brand mix. There is a separate slide in additional 
disclosures which basically talks about the GMV mix of our 
home brands. Fashion mix increase, again, there is a separate 
slide which basically clearly shows the increase in the fashion 
mix, continuous negotiation of third party landmarks. So, 
these factors will continue to play on, which will increase the 
gross margin going forward. The second factor Supam talked 
about that the manufacturing business loss in gross margin 
will be recovered starting Q2. So, that will again add to the 
improvement in gross margin. Third one is the deep discounts, 
especially in the diapering category, which led to a 140 bps 
reduction by gross margin in Q3, that will also we believe that 

 
 
 
18 
 
should be probably next four to six quarter, that should also 
come back in the business. So, all of these three factors will 
help us, regain the gross margin in, probably starting from Q2, 
probably next four to five quarters. 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Perfect. Just one follow-up, if I may. This, pressure on diapers 
from Quick Commerce in terms of margins, is it coming from 
largely the unlisted players, or is it… are you seeing any 
behavioral change once you get listed and you start chasing 
profitability, or the behavior is across the same in terms of 
losing money or being aggressive on this category? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, it is not specific to any low cost or it is across the board. 
It's more of a platform phenomenon than a brand 
phenomena. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So, Tejas to answer that question, we have seen it both in 
listed and unlisted platforms and that has led to a further 
price competition from the horizontals which are unlisted as 
well. So, It is across from Q-Commerce and Horizontal, where 
there's a price competition which is resulting into this loss as 
of now. Which we, as Supam and Gautam mentioned, which 
seems to be quite irrational and typically this cycle takes a few 
quarters to subside and that's what we expect as well.  
 
Mr. Tejas Shah 
Thanks, that's all from my side. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thanks, Tejas. The next question is from Jayant Parasramka. 
Jayant, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Jayant, we can't hear you. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Okay, so, I think there's some issue.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
We can come back to Jayant. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Yeah, right, right. So, Abhinava Kashap, next question we'll 
take from you, can you please unmute yourself? 
 
Mr. Abhinav Kashyap 
Hi Supam. I have a couple of questions. So, how is AI 
benefiting us? So, I wanted to understand that.  

 
 
 
19 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
Okay, is that the only question, or I thought there was.. okay.
 
Mr. Abhinava Kashyap 
Yeah. So, another is..  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Okay, I think, look, AI has sort of multifaceted ways of 
improving, both from a revenue optimization, a gross margin 
optimization as well as improvement in productivity, 
efficiencies. So, it has I mean, I would say multiple facets of 
improvement that one would see in the from a usage of AI. 
So, I can give examples because otherwise it'll take a little 
longer for me to be able to explain every point across different 
facets. It is very fascinating to be able to come up with 
answers and able to get information processed, whether it is 
benefits that we can drive to save cost like, for example, you 
can save your supply chain cost in terms of making a product 
live much faster than what you had otherwise were taking. 
That leads to an improvement in working capital to 
improvement in how you will build URLs for your SEO, AEO or 
GEO kind of models to be able to be more relevant, more 
effective, to improve conversions. So, there are n number of 
opportunities that we are utilizing within the company across 
different facets of running a business, to not just use it only in 
typical sort of a call center savings or automated voice bot, 
chatbots, email bots but across the board in different facets 
to be able to optimize our costs as well as efficiencies, 
productivities, as well as revenue optimization and even to 
the extent of discounts or maybe the gross margin 
optimization. So, these are at various stages of evolution over 
a period of time, some of you have already got the benefit, 
some of the benefits will accrue over a period of time. So, 
maybe we can take this question a little more offline if you 
have more interest, but that's a broad gist of it. There is too 
much excitement and talent, the entire organization, what we 
all can do with with the AI. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So, to sum up, we are working on cost efficiencies, we are 
working towards revenue expansion and margin expansion, 
as well as people efficiency. So every single aspect, I think AI 
has already entered in the organization. 

 
 
 
20 
 
 
Mr. Abhinava Kashyap  
Cool. What kind of… what percentage of bps or something we 
can expect as a benefit in the long run? Is it… if you have any 
number, or like? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
It's too early to comment on that but I think that this is going 
to be a meaningful outcome as we go along, it should 
definitely be a meaningful outcome. We'll be able to speak 
more in the subsequent quarters because this initiative has 
just been, just started a couple of months back, so its 
premature for us to talk about the overall improvement that 
it'll do but we remain very focused on the benefits that it will 
accrue. It's not small. It's going to be meaningful. Therefore, 
we'll reserve our comment on that. But, maybe in the next 
quarterly update, we can probably share that number as well.
 
Mr. Abhinava Kashyap 
One more question I had. So, we are trading at a pretty low 
valuation compared to our revenues. Is there any risk of 
someone trying to acquire us? And Is there any chance of we 
are doing buybacks or something? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Look, we haven't discussed this. I think we are focused right 
now on what we can execute to be able to deliver a far 
superior growth in FY27 with expansion in our registered 
EBITDA, that's what we are focused at. Rest of the stuff that 
you talked about, we haven't experienced that in the past, 
maybe, but we haven't really thought through it yet as well. 
Yes, we have sufficient cash on the company, but we haven't 
discussed any of these buybacks and stuff like that so far, in 
our internal discussions or even board discussions. 
 
Mr. Abhinava Kashyap 
Okay, thank you. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thank you, Abhinava. In the interest of time, we'll just take 
one last question. The next question is from Percy Panthaki. 
Percy, please unmute yourself. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki  
Yeah, Hi. Sir, just wanted to understand this, offline channel, 
I think, this quarter the growth is higher than the overall India 
multi-channel growth, right? So, just two questions from this. 

 
 
 
21 
 
One is what really has changed or what initiatives have you 
taken to revive the growth in the offline channel? and 
secondly, if that channel has really grown faster than 11%, 
which is your overall growth, that means the online channel 
has done a single-digit growth. So, what is the reason why the 
online channel growth is so low? given that the overall 
category itself might be growing at 10% and organized share 
within that is increasing. Just wanted to understand the 
reason for this low growth.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Okay, sure. So, Percy. Supam talked about the initiative that 
we have taken in the offline business and we are talking about 
this initiative since our last presentation that's basically 
changing the product assortment from a width to a depth 
strategy that has really played out very well for our offline 
business especially the COCO business and that has resulted 
in a significantly higher growth in our offline business, which 
is around 15% in Q4 on a YOY basis. In terms of online growth, 
Percy, it's not single digits. So online GMV growth is roughly 
10.5% in Q4 and it's around the same range for all the four 
quarters between hovering around 11 to 12. However, given 
the initiatives that we have taken around faster deliveries, 
both in terms of delivery through our RocketBees network 
and FirstCry Qwik, which we believe should be delivering at 
least 10% of our online orders by end of this year, we believe 
we should be able to deliver a much superior growth even for 
the online business in FY27 compared to the FY26 online 
growth. So, both the channels online.. offline, Supam talked 
about that the growth that we have delivered in Q4 should 
continue even for the rest of the part of FY27 and online 
should also deliver a much better growth while the cost is 
front loaded, the cost of logistics is front loaded. The results, 
the actual tangible results comes with a lag and hopefully in 
coming quarters, we should see a much superior growth in 
online business also. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Got it. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Percy, a mix hasn't changed for both offline, online GMV mix 
hasn't changed what you see in FY26 over FY25. So, there is 
no material change in that. So, believe with the lag effect, I 

 
 
 
22 
 
think you should see a growth bumping back in online as well. 
So, compounding effect of that you should be able to see, 
that's why we are very confident FY27 India multi-channel 
GMV growth will be much superior than the FY26. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Understood. Next question I had, again, India multi-channel 
business only. Given that, there are the margin pressures 
which you said can continue for few quarters more, on a full 
year to full year basis. FY27 versus FY26, do you think that the 
EBITDA rupees crore EBITDA can have a double-digit growth?
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, if you look at it, you're talking about India multi-channel 
only, right? 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Yes. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, you will have it, Percy, it should. Effectively, we are saying 
the EBITDA, I would say the drop that we have seen because 
of manufacturing should be recovered fully by Q2. So we'll 
have three quarters of that benefit. So, I don't think, that 
effect will be there and yes, the diapering effect will continue, 
may continue for the full year, but, margin expansion from the 
85% of our category should continue as well and the overall 
growth that we are anticipating will be superior and also you'll 
get a operating leverage also coming out, so we still believe 
that we should be able to do a much superior sort of a growth, 
to answer your question. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Both, in terms of top line as well as bottom line.  
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Right. And one last question, if I can squeeze in. Just wanted 
to sort of understand on a benchmark basis what you are 
doing on delivery versus how the competition is doing the 
delivery? So, with RocketBees, I mean, own delivery, how 
would that compare to the structure of players like, let's say, 
Amazon, Nykaa, Flipkart etc.? Do they also do their own 
delivery or are they completely outsourced the same way that 
you were, let's say, a year ago, Just wanted to understand, I 
mean, within the industry practice, where do you fall on the 
spectrum? 

 
 
 
23 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, Percy, I'll just answer in two points. One, I think you have 
to understand the baby and kids business is fairly complex 
from a supply chain perspective, both from an warehousing 
perspective as well as from a first mile, mid mile, last mile 
delivery standpoint, because we are dealing with a category 
where you have almost 10 gram diaper pin to a 30 kilogram 
toy car that has to be delivered and it's fairly complex to have 
that size of spectrum in terms of managing your supply chain 
from availability and very fragile products as well on top. So, 
given that nothing that… what we do, how we do, can be 
really compared with some third-party either shipping 
companies or third-party commerce players, whether it is the 
names that you have mentioned. So, I won't really directly 
compare, but what we have built in RocketBees is a fairly 
asset-light model and they use the technology is completely 
in-house. So, the entire technology stack that we have built is 
being used by dedicated partners that we have regional, local 
and we manage the first mile and the mid mile, although on a 
totally asset-light Capex light basis and the last mile partners 
are actually delivering and giving us a superior way of 
delivering and giving the better customer experience than 
otherwise that we were being managed through third party in 
our prior context. I hope I've been able to answer the 
landscape, fully can't be compared, but at the same time, it 
was totally asset-light. We're utilizing first mile, mid-mile on 
our own, again asset-light, but fully dedicated partners who 
are only delivering our shipment, not mixed shipments of 
third party and not other brands than us. That's not the case. 
It's only dedicated FirstCry deliveries at the last mile partners 
make. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
So this last mile partner, would it be dedicated for all the other 
players also? I mean, or is it something unique to our business 
model? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Well, different players have different sort of models, Percy. I 
won't be able to say that. In few cities, people may have 
different models, in few cities, they may have a third-party 
model. Like, if you utilize their third-party player, they may 

 
 
 
24 
 
aggregate Shipments of different companies or different 
brands or different platforms. So, there are different models 
for different companies. There is no one model that every 
company follows. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Understood. Understood. So, are we planning at some point 
of time to go 100% RocketBees or we will sort of stabilize at a 
certain percentage and keep doing business of the certain 
percentage as per the old methodology? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari  
We will continue to improve the coverage of RocketBees. It 
will be very difficult to go to 100%.  
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Got it, got it. Okay, that's all from me, thank you and all the 
best. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks, Percy.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you, Percy. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thanks, Percy. We still have some time in hand. So, we’ll take 
the next last question from Jayant Parasramka. Jayant, if you 
can unmute yourself?  
 
Mr. Jayant Parasramka 
Hi, am I audible?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah, Jayant. 
 
Mr. Jayant Parasramka 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. So, just a couple of 
questions, on India multi-channel. I know the basic thought 
process behind RocketBees and Qwik was to, let's say, 
increase both customer satisfaction and from an ordering 
perspective, get back, let's say, some of So, pains which 
customers had of delayed delivery. So, just from your initial 
takeaways over the past two quarters, if you could share on 
places where you've implemented 
both Qwik and 
RocketBees, are you seeing higher transaction of orders 
versus places where RocketBees is not there. Is that giving you 

 
 
 
25 
 
confidence, heading into FY27? And the second part, second 
question is on international business. Has there been some 
part of the international business also impacted by the Middle 
East, which has led to this low single-digit revenue growth, 
and is that also leading, I mean, I know on the cost side, you 
have been working on, getting the margins down to at least a 
break-even. But, just if you could impact is, has that also 
impacted some movement towards break-even on the 
international business? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Jayant, I will let Abhinav take the second question, but the 
first question answer is, the same question was asked by 
Tejas. So, answer is that we are seeing incremental growth. In 
the cities as well as in the catchment that where we are 
serving both RocketBees and Qwik. Therefore, we'll continue. 
We have clarity of what we are executing, we are watchful of 
the metrics, service metrics that Gautam also spoke about. 
We'll continue to improve on that and bring more area under 
the curve and build that incremental growth as we go along. 
So, that's an answer to your first question. Second question, 
I'll let Abhinav speak on the Middle East. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Hi Jayant. So, your second question is related to the current 
evolving situation and how it impacts the business. Is that 
correct? 
 
Mr. Jayant Parasramka 
Right, right. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
So, Jayant, the situation, we all know what is happening. 
However, it has been a little bit of a moderation in consumer 
sentiment. I'm not going to say anything else about that, but, 
yes, there has been and there is some import complexities 
also is happening as we speak. However, I think, 
fundamentally for our business and our goalpost as we've 
shown in the last so many quarters now, has been our sort of 
a path is towards sustainable growth. So, we are continuously 
focusing on our top-line optimization and gross margin 
expansion. Our home brands are the most important, one of 
the most important levers to improve gross margins. This 
situation is beyond anyone's control, so to speak, but this is 

 
 
 
26 
 
also an opportunity, as the way I look at it, or the way we look 
at it internally is also an opportunity, when we can optimize 
further on our processes within our discounting strategies, 
our marketing costs and reaching out to the right consumer 
who will potentially give us a longer sort of a LTV that we 
desire and while we do all of this, also improve our home 
brand mix in the top line that we generate. So, this is a unique 
opportunity, but our focus is the same. Growing and not 
chasing a top line at the expense of obviously reduced cost or 
very high marketing expense. While, we hope that the 
situation ends sooner than later, but, I think there are a lot of 
learnings for us in terms of how we optimize and how we 
continue to on our path to sustainable growth.  
 
Mr. Jayant Parasramka 
Sure. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, Jayant, just to conclude, we will continue to reduce our 
losses. What we did in FY26, we will continue to do the same 
thing in FY27 also.  
 
Mr. Jayant Parasramka 
Sure, fair enough, sir. if I just may squeeze in one last 
question. Just on the relevance of the 6 to 12 years age which 
you've extended your category. If you could just give us, in 
terms of how that is doing well in the past couple of quarters, 
just that's more I'm just trying to understand from a retention 
of customer point of view. How is that shaping up, if you could 
just give some thoughts on that. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
So, Jayant, I'll probably take up that question. So, we are 
seeing a positive traction and we continue to see a positive 
traction in 6 to 12 that remains the fastest growing part of our 
business when it comes to age group of children. As we 
continue and basis that, we continue to build our assortment, 
which is more conducive. So, overall, it is good news on that 
front and at the same time, there's a slide in the 
supplementary slides which shows a long-term cohorts being 
very strong for like a consumer who's been acquired 10 years 
back continues to transact with us. There's a good segment of 
that consumer. So, all of that indicates towards a good 
positive future on the 6 to 12 segment for us. 

 
 
 
27 
 
 
Mr. Jayant Parasramka 
Sure. Thanks, thanks, and all the best, sir. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thank you, Jayant. That was the last question. I'll just hand it 
over back to the management for any concluding remarks. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
No, thank you, everyone. Thank you for your time and really 
appreciate. Thank you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio video 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges on 26th May 2026 will prevail. 
