 
 
 
                                                                                                                              Date: May 05, 2026 
                                                                                                                              Place: Chennai  
Ref: SHAI/B & S/SE/21/2026-27  
                                                                                         
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department  
BSE Limited   
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1,  
Dalal Street  
 
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400001                                                              Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India 
 
 
 
 
Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543412  
 
 
 
 
Symbol: STARHEALTH 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Earnings Call Transcript – Q4 & FY 2026 
Further to the Company’s letter SHAI/B & S/SE/06/2026-27 dated April 20, 2026 regarding Earnings Call 
Intimation for Q4 & FY 2026, please find attached transcript of the call dated April 29, 2026 for your 
information and records.  
The above information is being hosted on the Company's website at www.starhealth.in 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited, 
 
  
 
 
Jayashree Sethuraman 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: as above. 
Digitally signed by JAYASHREE SETHURAMAN
DN: C=IN, O=PERSONAL, T=7000, Phone=
b71ff95355944c185babe51eebc84ff8aa823e08b1274d0874ad5cfc
89c92343, PostalCode=600092, S=Tamil Nadu, SERIALNUMBER=
72f8ae5e418159f90966b50870ab70155208246a474f72ae1f31fcfc3
55ef55b, CN=JAYASHREE SETHURAMAN
Reason: I am approving this document with my legally binding 
signature
Location: 
Date: 2026.05.05 14:19:47+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.2.3
JAYASHREE 
SETHURAMAN

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
Star Health and Allied Insurance Company Limited 
Q4 & FY2026 Earnings Conference Call 
April 29, 2026 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Anand Roy – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Amitabh Jain – Executive Director & Chief Operating Officer 
Mr. Himanshu Walia – Executive Director & Chief Marketing Officer 
Mr. Nilesh Kambli – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Aneesh Srivastava – Chief Investment Officer 
Mr. Sombit Bhattacharyya – Head Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the Star Health and Allied Insurance 
Company Limited’s Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Devyanshi Dave from Adfactors PR, Investor Relations 
team. Thank you and over to you, Ms. Devyanshi. 
Devyanshi Dave: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
From the Senior Management, we have with us Mr. Anand Roy – Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Mr. Amitabh Jain – Executive Director & Chief Operating Officer, Mr. 
Himanshu Walia – Executive Director & Chief Marketing Officer, Mr. Nilesh Kambli – Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Aneesh Srivastava – Chief Investment Officer, and Mr. Sombit 
Bhattacharyya – Head Investor Relations. 
Before we begin the conference call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made 
during the course of today's call may be forward-looking in nature, including those related to 
the future financial and operational performance, benefits and synergies of the company's 
strategies, future opportunities and growth of the market of the company services. Further, I 
would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's conference may involve 
risks and uncertainties. 
Thank you and over to you, Mr. Roy. 
Anand Roy: 
Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining Star Health's Earnings Call for the 4th 
Quarter and for the full Financial Year FY25-26. 
FY26 was a year of strategic recalibration for us, focused towards strengthening our 
performance across the core operating levers, which is distribution, maintaining a strict 
underwriting discipline, claims management and high focus on customer experience and 
operating efficiency. 
We have maintained that given the inherent characteristics of our business, the impact of all 
these measures would progressively manifest through the P&L. Team Star Health has executed 
and continues to execute the strategic blueprint with consistency and conviction. As we report 

 
 
Page 3 of 20 
our results for Q4 and for the full fiscal FY26, the green shoots of our operating turnaround in 
the previous quarters is now more pronounced in our underlying metrics, which I will be taking 
you through in today's call. 
I will start by outlining the broader sectoral context and ecosystem trends which is shaping 
the business environment of our industry: 
India's health insurance has entered what we describe as a structurally advanced growth 
phase. The confluence of policy support, consumer intent and sustainable demand drivers is 
creating a very compelling backdrop towards a multi-decadal growth opportunity for the 
category. 
The GST exemption on Retail Health insurance, a landmark policy intervention by the 
Government of India, has already demonstrated significant impact. Consumer intent is rising, 
actualized through category growth trends. We believe that Retail Health represents the most 
consequential value pool in the Indian insurance sector, with scale driven by deeper 
penetration amongst new-to-insurance customers aligned with the national ambition of 
universal health coverage for all by 2047. 
Reflecting this momentum, our new-to-insurance customers accounted for 94% of fresh 
additions in H2 FY26, as compared to an already healthy 92% in H1 FY26. At industry level, 
Retail Health insurance premiums have grown by 30.2% YoY in H2 FY26, significantly outpacing 
the broader non-life industry growth which came at 11.2% YoY during the same period. For the 
full fiscal, non-life insurance premiums grew by 9.3% YoY, while Retail Health grew close to 20% 
YoY. 
Forward-looking reforms outlined by the regulator are supportive of long-term growth and 
sectoral development. We welcome the IRDAI's formal mandate on implementation of IND AS 
accounting standards from April 1, 2026. At Star Health, we have always believed it to be the 
most relevant framework and have aligned all our business and investment decisions towards 
these principles. 
Our IND AS financials have been reviewed by our joint statutory auditors for multiple quarters 
now, and we enter the IND AS regime from a position of readiness. 
Against this backdrop, Star Health has remained focused on maintaining leadership in Retail 
Health insurance and compounding a durable value-accretive franchise anchored on our four 
pillars, which is a risk-first approach, a consistent focus on ROE, a customer-centric execution, 
and a digital-first mindset. 

 
 
Page 4 of 20 
Now let me take you through our quarterly performance highlights: 
Coming to our operating performance for the quarter: 
In line with our reporting convention in previous quarters, we will state our business numbers 
on N basis for Quarter 4 and for the full Financial Year FY26. Going forward from next financial 
year, we would report 1/n measures for both business and growth. 
Following are the highlights of our performance for Q4 FY26: 
• 
Fresh retail growth on N basis for the quarter was 38% YoY. Fresh growth was driven 
by both value and volume as the number of Retail Health policies expanded by 11% 
YoY. 
• 
New-to-insurance mix was 94% on fresh premium basis compared to 90% last year 
for the same quarter. 
• 
Overall, GWP increased 17% YoY on N basis to Rs. 6,259 crore for the quarter. 
• 
Our IND AS underwriting profit for the quarter was Rs. 186 crore, an increase of 200% 
YoY over Rs. 62 crore in Q4 FY25. This was driven by an improvement in combined 
ratio by 2.7%, which was 98.4% in Q4 FY25 and came to 95.7% in Q4 FY26. 
• 
As in the previous quarters, our loss ratio improvement continued for the third 
successive quarters with a 4% improvement from 69.2% in Q4 FY25 to 65.2% in Q4 
FY26. 
• 
The retail loss ratio improved 3% YoY to 64.8% in this particular quarter for FY26. 
• 
 Our retail loss ratios have improved by 0.8%, 1% and 3% YoY during Q2, Q3 and Q4 
of FY26 respectively, underscoring progressive improvement every quarter. 
• 
The geopolitical tension-induced correction in the equity markets led to a Rs. 558 
crore marked-to-market loss during the quarter. As a result, we reported a loss of Rs. 
55 crore for Q4 FY26 compared to a profit of Rs. 271 crore during Q4 FY25. 
So, the headline numbers for the full year FY26 are as follows: 
• 
The fresh retail business grew on N basis at 37% YoY, driven again both by value and 
volume as the number of Retail Health policies grew 8% for the full year. 
• 
Our new-to-insurance mix, which we believe is focused on the quality of business, 
was 93% on fresh premium as compared to 89% for the last fiscal. 
• 
Overall, GWP increased 16% YoY on N basis to Rs. 20,369 crore. This is a very 
important milestone for us to cross Rs. 20,000 crore in GWP as we complete 20 years 
of establishment of Star Health in this calendar year. 
• 
As against the full year loss of Rs. 165 crore during FY25, underwriting profit turned 
positive at Rs. 206 crore for FY26, a positive delta of Rs. 371 crore. This was driven by 

 
 
Page 5 of 20 
improvement in combined ratio by 2.3% from 101.1% in FY25 to 98.8% in FY26. The 
improvement in combined ratio was further driven by improvement in both loss ratio 
and expense ratio. The loss ratio was improved by 2% to 68.7%. Further, the retail 
loss ratio improved by 1% to 68.2%. 
• 
Our IND AS expense ratio also improved by 30 basis points to 30.1% for the full year. 
The improvement in expense ratio reflects disciplined cost management and 
operating leverage, notwithstanding an absolute impact of around Rs. 80 crore due 
to factors such as GST and Labor Code. 
• 
On the full year basis, the marked-to-market loss was Rs. 127 crore. 
• 
Full year PAT increased 16% YoY from Rs. 787 crore in last financial year to Rs. 911 
crore in FY26. 
• 
To smoothen the reported profitability against the short-term marked-to-market 
volatility, we are adopting a concept of normalized investment yield, pegged at 8% 
on annualized basis.  Going forward, we will consistently refer to this basis to depict 
an appropriate reflection of the underlying profitability, excluding the short-term 
fluctuations that may happen. Under this normalized framework, our profit after tax 
increased 45% YoY in FY26 to Rs. 1,222 crore and ROE expanded from 10.1% in FY25 
to 13.1% in FY26. 
Progressively improving operating performance in sequential quarters by disciplined 
execution and recalibrated strategies have resulted in turnaround of our underwriting 
results. 
Coming to the business outcomes: 
We continue to build a very diversified granular retail franchise focused on ROE-centric growth 
through preferred geographies and segments and channels, which meet our profitability 
thresholds. Notwithstanding all the underwriting discipline above, we have maintained a 
category leadership in Retail Health segment with market share at 31.3% in FY26. Our strategic 
choices, aligned with the priorities outlined above, have translated into tangible benefits as 
evidenced through the underwriting profitability improvements. 
Our proprietary distribution channels, which are the agency channel and the digital D2C, now 
contribute over 90% of the retail business and positions us to deepen the insurance 
penetration beyond the urban areas with emphasis on new-to-insurance customers. We will 
continue to focus on our preferred segments, which scale faster with significantly higher 
growth rates compared to the national average. 

 
 
Page 6 of 20 
On the portfolio management and recalibration strategies, we have undertaken disciplined 
recalibration of the portfolio, anchored towards improvement of risk-adjusted outcomes, 
progressive improvements in loss ratios have been driven through multiple levers: 
➢ 
Analytics-led pricing 
➢ 
Strengthened underwriting 
➢ 
Portfolio optimization towards preferred segments,  
➢ 
further improvements in fraud, waste and abuse management and 
➢ 
institutionalization of our wellness-based consumer ecosystem. 
Our Home Health Care and Telemedicine capabilities witness significant growth in utilization, 
enhancing our capabilities to manage fever and infection-related cases in a home-based 
setting, therefore improving the customer convenience as well. 
Our consumer-focused metrics continue to demonstrate improvement trends. The retail claim 
settlement ratio increased by 3% to 92% for the full year. Our renewal ratio on full-year basis 
increased by 2% to 99%. The company-level NPS improved by 8 points to 62 at March 31, 2026. 
Our retail book demonstrates a best-in-class grievance ratio benchmarked with other 
standalone health insurers. 
On the digital side of things, the technology investments that Star Health is making are 
improving the productivity and service outcome with digital embedded across the value chain 
through platform modernization, workflow automation, and straight-through processing, and 
also enhanced deployment of analytics and AI. 
Acquisition and onboarding are now predominantly digitalized with 95% of all fresh premiums 
collected digitally. 
Our mobile application, the customer app, has over 14 million downloads, playing a pivotal role 
in driving customer engagement, acting as the primary interface across the policy lifecycle. 
Monthly active users of the app have scaled past the 1.5 million mark with desirable levels of 
self-service adoption through claims intimations and renewals. 
Ongoing investment in experience design and self-service enablement will continue to enhance 
adoption with integrated wellness and preventive care features enabling sustained non-
transactional engagement as well. 
And finally, in conclusion: 

 
 
Page 7 of 20 
To summarize, our strategic growth path remains centered on building a very granular retail 
franchise supported by our unmatched operating scale. We have a 30%+ category market 
share, we have 2.8 crore lives who are covered with us, 15,000 plus hospital partners, 8 lakhs 
plus agents moving towards a million agents in the next two years, 900 plus offices, and 75 plus 
partnerships. 
Heading into FY27, our priorities remain unchanged, that is to deliver strategic objectives like 
customer-first approach, growth through proprietary channels, and focus on preferred 
segments. We remain confident that disciplined execution at scale will translate into 
sustainable, risk-first balance of growth and ROE. 
Thank you for your continued trust in Star Health, and with that we are now open to take your 
questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Our first question comes from the line 
of Supratim Dutta from Jeffries Group. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Dutta: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity and good morning to everyone. The loss ratio improvement 
has been a welcome change and a positive surprise for everybody. My questions were on this 
bit and the outlook going ahead. The key drivers here have been the reduction in Group Health 
business and the improvement on the retail loss ratios. However, the retail loss ratios are still 
above the level that you operated at in 2023-2024, which was closer to 65%-66%. It is currently 
somewhere around 68%. I wanted to understand what is the pathway of this 68% retail loss 
ratio going down to 65%-66%. Is that something that is possible or has something structurally 
changed which does not make it possible? If it is possible, what would be the pathway to that 
loss ratio improvement? That is the first bit. 
Secondly, this year the seasonal claims around vector-borne diseases were lower as compared 
to last year. As we are going to 2027 and if there is a recurrence of seasonal claims going up,  
how is  Star Health is looking at mitigating that? That would be the second question that I have. 
Thank you.  
Amitabh Jain: 
Thanks Supratim. We had a better than expected Quarter 4 as you would have seen in the 
numbers. This business, as we all know, has cycles and there could be cycles of frequency or 
severity going up in particular quarters. We have seen that over the years. But whatever series 
of actions we have done over the last one and a half years, I think we are well placed to see a 
continuous improvement in our loss ratios going forward. Specifically talking about dealing 
with the kind of cyclical events that happen, as stated by Anand in his address, we have been 
working on three specific areas on prevention and wellness starting from Telemedicine, Home 

 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Healthcare and Condition Management programs. These are three areas that we have been 
investing on. This year this has scaled up significantly. We had seen overall 4x to 5x jump over 
the year. In fact, Quarter 4 saw almost a 9x jump in the consumption of these services. The 
idea is that we are able to provide a solution to our customers when they need in terms of 
fever, infectious diseases, gastro cases, which helps them manage things at home or through a 
Telemedicine consultation. While we service them well, we also keep the cost of servicing low. 
So, that's the approach we have taken, and I think it's proceeding in the right direction. 
Supratim Dutta: 
Thanks a lot, Amitabh. Could you just quantify what proportion of your policyholders or people 
who are claiming are using this Telemedicine service now versus last year? 
Amitabh Jain: 
We had more than 90,000 calls for the year, for specifically the calls that came for Home 
Healthcare. But eventually the numbers that utilized Home Healthcare were much lower. But 
the Telemedicine calls were more than 90,000. Pure Telemedicine calls were in excess of 
another 40,000. So, that's the kind of usage we are already seeing. 
Supratim Dutta: 
Understood. That's very clear. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Hi, good morning, everyone and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just a few questions 
from my side. Firstly, Anand, you spoke about growth, right? While the industry has been 
seeing a very strong growth on the retail side, our growth is still lower than the industry? 
Obviously, the base kind of plays a role. But the gap that used to exist, even say a few years 
back, that gap still exists. Now other companies have also scaled up reasonably well over the 
last couple of years. So, how do you see the growth panning out for us in the next couple of 
years, given the tailwinds that we are seeing from the industry? 
Anand Roy: 
Yes, so Prayesh, thanks for the question. See, I think over the last two, three quarters, we have 
been articulating that growth is important. But for us, quality of growth is more important. And 
that's what we are focusing on. If you look at the quality of growth that we are building a 
franchise, which will be sustainable in the future, the new-to-insurance mix of the company 
has been the main focus. We are not so much focused on the portability side of business. 
Within the geographies also, we have taken some decisions on going slow in certain markets, 
as you are aware. So, I think we are not comparing exactly with what the others are doing, but 
we are more focused on what is our Company's strategy and objectives, which is to have a 
sustainable high-teen growth, and a sustainable, hopefully mid-teen to high-teen ROEs. I think 
these are the two major focus areas, and that's what we are trying to track. 

 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Secondly was on loss ratio. The fresh growth has picked up momentum in H2 of FY26, 
and to a certain extent, that is definitely a reflection in terms of improvement of loss ratio. I 
think as NEP unwinds out of this fresh growth; do you think that the loss ratio improvement 
can still hold up for another few quarters before the impact of this new book starts coming in 
from the loss ratio perspective also? 
Amitabh Jain: 
Yes, absolutely. Already there is an increase in the earnings of the fresh retail business, and 
that has improved the portfolio mix. The benefits of that, as well as the repricing that we have 
been doing on the portfolio, both of them will play out in terms of the sustenance of the LR on 
an annual basis. There can be fluctuations in the quarter, but I think overall we should see an 
improvement. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And just a last bit on the commission side, in the last couple of quarters we have seen 
a significant improvement on commission ratio. I would assume that the fresh growth would 
obviously be at a higher commission, but some bit of benefit would have come in from the 
senior citizens commission adjustment that you have done. But could you still explain more as 
to whether there is any other lever that is helping the commission ratios, or is it just the senior 
citizens part? And to that, what is the contribution of senior citizens in FY26 versus FY25? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
So, senior citizen contributes around 20% of portfolio, Prayesh. Yes, along with senior citizens, 
we have been taking various measures to control the outgo in terms of the procurement cost 
or sourcing cost. Some bit of impact is there because the fresh growth has been higher. But 
senior citizens is one factor, and the other initiative that we have taken is ensuring that the 
productivity of our sales managers has improved a lot. All these initiatives are helping us to 
improve the commission ratio. 
Prayesh Jain: 
The mix was same in FY25 also, 20% in FY25 and FY26, both is at 20%? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yes, it is largely in that range, but this initiative on reduction in senior citizens commission was 
effective April FY25, so it is effective only for FY25-FY26. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Thanks. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from 360 One Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Three questions 
from my side, sir. First, wanted to understand what is the status in terms of price hikes, if you 
could give some color in terms of what products you are doing, so how much will be the 
proportion in terms of GWP and what is the quantum of price hike on an average that would 

 
 
Page 10 of 20 
be very helpful. Given that you highlighted in the opening remarks that there is both value and 
volume-led growth in fresh, I just wanted to understand the same from the renewal side also. 
How would have things transpired in terms of value and volume? How should we think about 
the growth numbers? If you could also highlight the proportion of fresh in your mix, is it about 
a quarter of your overall GDPI? Would that be the right assessment? So, that's one.  
Second is, sir, wanted to understand the retention ratio seems to have come up a little bit from 
last quarter. So, what is playing out there, if you could highlight. And thirdly, in terms of the 
NEP growth. So, we are more or less now for multiple quarters growing at a fairly steady rate. 
I just wanted to understand that why is NEP growth still lagging the GWP growth? How should 
we think about it? Given that the momentum that is there in fresh business, etc., when do we 
expect the NEP growth to pick up and come to the 15% kind of range? That would be my 
question, sir. 
Anand Roy: 
Swarnabha, let me take some of those questions and I will request my colleagues to pitch in 
wherever needed. The price hike which you mentioned, our strategy has been that we will take 
an annual price increase in all our products. We will continue to follow that strategy. Of course, 
within that, we will see how do we optimize so that customers are given benefits based on 
their own behavior in terms of wellness and health conditions and so on and so forth. So, that 
we will continue to do. On the renewal side, you have asked about value and volume. I am 
happy to tell you that Star Health with the kind of scale that we operate, we have the best 
persistency in the industry, both on volume as well as on value. So, I think on volume basis, we 
have seen almost close to 86-87% retention in terms of volume. We believe that there is scope 
to improve further, but we are still the best in the industry. 
On the NEP growth, I think, broadly because of the long-term policy sales, which is now 
becoming the order of the day, most of the consumers are preferring to go for long-term 
policies, which is, I believe, good for all the stakeholders, both from consumer point of view, 
from the distributors, as well as from the insurance companies' point of view. I think that's why 
the NEP growth will have a lag effect, but it will catch up in the upcoming quarters. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Right, sir. Just a follow-up on this. Given that the fresh growth, as you mentioned, is around 
35%-37% and the volume growth is, I think, 8%-9%, which you had mentioned in your opening 
remarks. So, would it be fair to assume that going forward also, earlier we used to highlight 
about a 50% volume and 50% value-led growth, because now we take consistent price, I can 
maybe assume the industry phenomenon as well, would it be slightly lopsided towards value 
growth? Would that be a fair expectation going ahead? 

 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Anand Roy: 
In the N basis reporting, yes. But once we move to 1/n basis reporting, I think it will kind of 
normalize to some extent. But, yes, this distortion is coming because of the long-term policy 
sales, which is now the preferred segment for the customers. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Understood, sir. And the retention ratio coming up, is this also related to the long-term sales? 
If you could, maybe give some color on that. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Yes. So Q3 was a very unique phenomenon. The GST cut happened in September. So, what 
happened is a lot of people waited for the month of September, and they renewed the policies 
in Q3. Q4 is traditionally a very big quarter, and we see some spillover coming to Q1. So, on a 
yearly basis, in fact, we have improved the volume-based retention by 1% to 1.5%. But there 
was a slight anomaly in Q3 and Q4 because of the GST cut which happened in Q2, September 
was the announcement and people waited in September and did the renewal within the grace 
period in Q3. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Understood. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good morning, sir. A few questions from my side. First of all, I just wanted to look at your 
YoY growth in the value of claims that you have paid. Just wanted to understand if you were to 
break it between inflation for similar treatments, again to the extent possible, versus, let's say, 
claims frequency or incidence. I mean, how would that trajectory have fared in FY26 versus, 
let's say, the past few years or historically witnessed averages? The second question is now 
that you have started seeing improvement in your retail claims ratio on a YoY basis and the 
quantum of YoY change seems to be improving in terms of the claims ratio going down. Some 
of it is obviously new business, but if you can give some color on how the back book is trending 
and especially some of your vintage products which historically have witnessed some pressure, 
that would be really great. Any qualitative feedback on that? 
The third question is on the agency front. You mentioned that you want to touch almost 10 
lakh agents over the next two years. Now, once you reach a certain size and scale in terms of 
the proprietary channel and given the competitive pressure, what sort of strategies around 
ring-fencing, activation, including productivity or curtailing or controlling commission payouts 
in those channels, what are the strategies? I have one question on the regulatory front, but 
maybe I can ask it after these three. 
Amitabh Jain: 
So, on the first question, for the whole year, the frequency and severity as a whole we have 
been able to sort of manage it in the high single digits, which is the trend that has been there 

 
 
Page 12 of 20 
for us for some time now. If you were to talk about the quality of the renewal book that is 
seeing a consistent improvement in LR, given our pricing strategy that we have been following 
over the last one and a half years. So, on both those things are looking better. We believe that 
this as a strategy will continue as far as the pricing of the book is concerned. We are expecting 
to reprice almost 80% of the book between what we started from Q4 going up to Q1 this year. 
And that will show up in the earnings going forward. 
Himanshu Walia: 
On the agency side, we are confident of getting to 1 million in the next two years. We maintain 
this, that we will be adding 1 lakh agents every year for the next many years. If you look at our 
agent productivity, even for this year it has improved by about 37% on fresh, and overall, 18% 
on total business. This is coming on the back of the upskilling of the agents that we do on a 
regular basis. Our L&D transformation, which is led by the technology solutions that we are 
providing to our agents, we continue to believe that this will continue to improve. 
As far as the ring-fencing of the agents is concerned, we have best-in-class offerings for our 
agents, which we believe will continue to maintain stickiness of our agents. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. One last question from my side. On the regulatory front, till date, we are under a 
company-level expense of management and while there have been multiple discussions on line 
of business by EoM, just wanted to understand that when you talk to the regulator, are they 
cognizant of the fact that there is a natural arbitrage between SAHIs and multi-liners in terms 
of expense of management on the Retail Health business and if there any consideration on that 
front? 
Anand Roy: 
Dipanjan, what was the arbitrage? Please explain. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
For example, you guys can operate at a maximum of 35% and your book is almost entirely Retail 
Health, right? Whereas there is a possibility of cross-subsidization at the multiline channels in 
terms of them able to operate at a higher EOM specifically for the Retail Health line. 
Anand Roy: 
No, I think broadly we await  IRDAI's guidance on EoM. There has been some data that the 
regulator has asked which all of us have supplied. But you will appreciate that we have been a 
very disciplined company in terms of EoM. We are probably the only company in this space 
operating within the current guidelines. We continue to invest a lot to improve our expenses 
operating ratios. So, we will await that. I don't want to give any comment now but when it 
comes, I am sure it will be fair to all the players and, most importantly, it will be fair to 
consumers. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. Maybe just one small follow-up. You mentioned your claim severity is around high single 
digit. I mean, hypothetically speaking, if your price hikes are let's say a percentage or a few 

 
 
Page 13 of 20 
percentage points higher than your claim severity, is that going to be a strategy to kind of bring 
this claims ratio down from let's say whatever 68-69% to let's say somewhere around 65%? Is 
that something you guys should be focusing on? That's all from my side. 
Anand Roy: 
Well, obviously, claims severity is a function of higher quality of treatments and the kind of 
disease profiles we are seeing nowadays. So, pricing of insurance products will always be a 
factor of that. So, to maintain our margins, we may have to take a slightly higher than that. But 
then there are efforts continuously being done to manage severity better in terms of discussing 
with our hospitals, having more preferred partners. Obviously, we have a target combined ratio 
under which we want to operate. To that extent, we will keep taking our strategies aligned. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Thanks Anand and the team and all the best.  
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Sorry, Anand and Amitabh, it's the same question, probably 
in a different way. See, the loss ratio improvement honestly was a positive surprise, very 
positive surprise. So, if you really want to attribute a major reason, is it that the last part of the 
improvement happened in the renewal book and naturally, the new contribution would have 
played a role, but the bigger delta came from the renewal book because of your cohort based 
or pricing strategy which you adopted maybe five quarters back. That is getting reflected in the 
numbers and therefore if that strategy was useful and if you try to implement to the entire 
book, is it fair to say that the renewal book delta will be the biggest change to bring the loss 
ratio improvement going ahead? That was my question. Basically, I just wanted to understand 
the breakup or waterfall of the loss ratio improvement, whether it is new, renewal or severity 
or, or hospital management. Just, if you can give a bit of a color, there it will be useful. 
Anand Roy: 
Sanketh, I think you have answered the question yourself. It's a sum of all parts, right? It's not 
one can lay a finger on any one particular item. It's everything that you mentioned. It's an 
improvement in the renewal book, the pricing strategy, the quality of sourcing of new business, 
the selection of geographies and profile of customers. Of course, over and above that, most 
importantly, having a very, very strong  Fraud, Waste and Management (FWA) initiatives. So 
it's a combination of everything. I think we operate at a scale which probably others are not 
able to do and that's why the kind of data and the kind of analytics we bring to the table to 
manage this is a little better than what maybe others can provide. So it's a combination of 
everything.  
Amitabh Jain: 
So, if you want to specifically ask, the improvement has been across the renewal book and the 
fresh book. So, it's not simply about one aspect of the business. Two, the overall impact, 
specifically in Quarter 4, has been the improvement in frequency that we have seen over the 

 
 
Page 14 of 20 
last year. So that cut across the entire book, it doesn't play out only for one thing. And all of 
this has been enabled because of the continuous efforts we have been taking on the 
Telemedicine and Home Healthcare front, along with all other prevention measures. So this is 
something that is playing across the book. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. So, Amitabh, just on this frequency part you said, is it that it was in general lower 
than what it usually is? Or this frequency coming down is more structural because of the 
Telemedicine and all the measures what you just told is playing out? 
Amitabh Jain: 
Yes. So, it is lower than what we expected. Infact that both our interventions have played. So, 
it's a mix of both. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So, which means that incrementally the loss ratio, maybe if not 66-67% kind of a number, can 
be achievable given the intervention measures what we are taking for next year point of view? 
Amitabh Jain: 
The point is that this business we need to discuss in terms of a longer period and we can't just 
focus on a particular quarter. So, whatever changes and series of interventions we have done 
are for the improvement of the book in the longer term. There can be cyclical ups and downs 
in a quarter here and there. But fundamentally what we are trying to improve is the quality of 
the book, the quality of sourcing, the way we are managing our claims, the way we are dealing 
with fraud, waste and abuse and disproportionately focus on managing the claims that can be 
managed at Home or through Telemedicine and invest on Wellness as a big part of our strategy. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. And one small data keeping question, maybe two basically. One, if you can give 
your Rs. 4,567crore of fresh premium breakup  into long term and annual plans and how it was 
compared to last year. Maybe if you can give that number both on NOP and premium basis will 
be useful. Lastly, in the fresh premium you said Anand, and it is there even in the presentation 
that 93% of the business is fresh to insurance customer which means indirectly 7% of the 
customer are porting. That is on NOP but if you can give a bit of color on premium to that 7% 
if it is porting-led in the fresh premium, how much is on that premium Rs.4,567 crore? 
Anand Roy: 
No Sanketh, the number is on GWP, not on NOP, on the new-to-insurance. It's on fresh 
premium. I am not even saying that we will not do portability. What I am saying is that we will 
be calibrated and making it a risk-first approach and where we feel that there is opportunity, 
we will go for that. But as far as the breakups of long term and all that is concerned, we will 
give it to you separately.  
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay Anand, thanks for the answers. 

 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. A couple of questions. 
I mean the first one more around that a lot of the actions you have taken on multiple parts of 
your business including the repricing of portfolio and all. Now of course the BAU based 
repricing or price increase we will continue. But do you see the way that medical inflation and 
your claims experience are going forward- I mean any sort of a major repricing need is at least 
not there in FY27 and it will be normal I mean whatsoever single digit or whatsoever possible 
typical price increase. So, is that current price sustainable with the kind of a claim in present to 
settle you in your desired combined ratio zone?  
The second on the regulatory side, I mean of course I guess you briefly touched upon the 
expected EoM/commission regulation to be out in near future. On this Bima Sugam that finally 
seems to be kind of making some progress. I mean what's your evaluation? Is it going to be 
kind of augmenting your sourcing or it is more going to be the renewal and maintenance? On 
that front or is the regulator looking at the product I mean whether it's a new or renewal to be 
priced differently on this platform because this platform is being projected as a direct-to-
customer and for customer only. So, is there some sort of a rebate or discount that the insurer 
has to offer to the customer on this platform if the customer is buying new or renewing the 
policy? Thanks. 
Anand Roy: 
Yes Avinash, first of all thank you for the good wishes and see over the last five to six quarters 
we have been taking this pricing corrections across all our products and as you rightly put it we 
will be taking this in the future as well. We do not foresee any particular change in the strategy 
or any increase that is beyond normal, we do not see that. So, we continue to maintain the 
current strategy, and we believe that that should be more than sufficient for us to maintain the 
target combined ratio that we have. So, that is one.  
As far as the Bima Sugam platform is concerned I think the project is more focused on giving a 
platform to the consumers for affordable insurance plans. Obviously, it will not be zero-cost 
but there may be lower cost but at the same time it is also a service-oriented platform for both 
having all insurance policies under one roof in terms of life insurance, health insurance and all 
general insurance products. So, that the consumer can have one platform to do all the services 
themselves. So, I think this is a good initiative, we are totally supportive of it. We are also a 
shareholder of the platform. So, we hope that it is successful and we will keep you updated as 
we get more information. 
Avinash Singh: 
Now looking back this EoM regulation that had a kind of a March‘26 as a deadline. What is the 
regulator's view now because I mean a number of players will be non-compliant. Of course you 

 
 
Page 16 of 20 
are in the compliant bucket but across the board because eventually when this new EoM 
regulation was launched on 1st April‘23, I mean there was a deadline, there was a kind of 
amendment and companies had to give a glide path how they are exiting March‘26 with those 
kind of a limit, the 30% or 35% limit, depending upon the class. Now what is the regulator's 
view now for the non-compliant companies? Because this kind of a will set that okay how in 
future the companies will take regulatory awards. I mean if even with a three-year deadline, if 
there is no sort of action or a nudge from regulators for non-compliance, then I mean it is very 
difficult to believe that in future regulations will be taken that seriously. 
Anand Roy: 
Sir, this is a very difficult question for me to answer. I think I will give it a pass. 
Avinash Singh: 
No worries, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. Firstly, sir, you have talked about continuing 
with the price hikes in your portfolio. Given the sensitivity around GST cut being passed on to 
the consumers and government indicating they are keeping a close eye on that, how do you 
think you will be able to manage price hike in the near term which is not overlapping or 
compensating for some of the GST loss? I mean it optics, I understand, but do you believe this 
will be easier to do than how it looks? 
Anand Roy: 
See Rishi, the pricing strategies are all done beforehand in the sense that pricing strategies are 
based on product performance. It has nothing to do with GST. GST benefits are fully passed on 
to the consumers. The pricing strategies of the company is based on the performance of the 
product in terms of the loss ratios. On that basis only we are taking the price increases. I believe 
that it should be fair to all the stakeholders. It is based on fully defined actuarial principles, and 
I don't think there should be any resistance there. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you. The other question is, it has been now 7-8 months of GST 
exemption related tailwinds that we have seen. In your portfolio where customers are 
returning for renewals, out of the Rs. 118 of cash outflow that they used to do for a Rs. 100 
premium, can you give some sense of how much have we been able to retain in the form of 
maybe a higher sum assured and as a result higher premium or attach more riders so that Rs. 
118 inflow actually doesn't go down completely to Rs. 100. I just want to understand how much 
incremental demand we have received from the returning customers. 
Himanshu Walia: 
Good question, Rishi. If you look at our renewal retention numbers for the current financial 
year, there is a 300-bps improvement in terms of GWP. That clearly reflects that the customers 

 
 
Page 17 of 20 
are now opting for higher sum insured and they are also willing to opt for riders, which are 
beneficial for them. In terms of NOP numbers, there is a 100bps improvement. It goes to show 
that there is significant improvement in the back book. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
How does this look for our distributors? 
Himanshu Walia: 
Distributors are pretty much happy because the growth has been upwards of 50% ever since 
GST has been announced. Their income levels have gone up. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nidesh Jain from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Nidesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. So, first question is 
on NEP mix. If you can share, what is the share of new and renewal for FY26 and FY25 on NEP 
basis? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Okay, NEP basis, as you mentioned, a good proportion of the long-term business is coming in. 
It is in the range of 2% difference. It has been 80:20 and it has changed by 100-150 bps on 
premium basis 
Nidesh Jain: 
Next year also this ratio should further increase because as these long-term policies, business 
will get accrued in NEP. Is that a right understanding? 
Amitabh Jain: 
Yes, it will continue to improve. That's right. 
Nidesh Jain: 
Secondly, we have seen a good improvement in Group Health claims ratio. I think we have been 
defocusing on that segment for last one year. What is the strategy on that segment going 
forward? Do we expect growth to come back in that segment? 
Himanshu Walia: 
We have taken a very recalibrated strategy at the beginning of FY26 and that has played out 
really well which reflects in our loss ratio. We have been focusing on our SME segment which 
for the current financial year has contributed to 78% of our overall business, which was 58% in 
FY25. So, we continue to maintain this strategy, and we are absolutely clear that we will go 
behind businesses which are profitable in nature and SME is one of those businesses and we 
have taken growth rate targets in line with the overall objective of the organization. 
Nidesh Jain: 
Sure. Third question is on our growth in retail segment so, if you look at Q4, the growth in retail 
is around 19% versus industry growth is close to 29%. So, there is a decent gap in our retail 
growth and industry growth. How are we thinking about this gap, let's say, from a medium-

 
 
Page 18 of 20 
term perspective? Because we have also got benefits. The industry has got benefited from GST 
cut and that benefit probably will come into base in H2. So, when industry is growing at steady 
state of 70-80%, how should we see this gap between our growth and industry growth panning 
out? 
Himanshu Walia: 
At Star, we are completely aligned on profitable growth. So, our market share has sustained at 
31% for the full year. So, internally, we track our business on N basis and growth remains pretty 
steady on that front with upwards of 39% for FY26. But more importantly, we are focused on 
profitable geographies and profitable cohorts of consumers. Which is why if you look at our 
mix of business on the new-to-industry is now about 94%-95% and portability has come down 
further. As maintained in the previous calls also, we will continue to chase businesses which 
are profitable in nature. So, we are not desperate to grow our market share at the cost of 
profits. 
Nidesh Jain: 
Sure. Last question is if you can share the quantum of deferred revenue on long-term policy as 
of March ‘26? 
Nilesh Kambli: 
Quantum of deferred revenue is the premium received in advance, correct? 
Nidesh Jain: 
Yes, premium received in advance. Yes. 
Nilesh Kambli: 
We can give it to you offline. Yes, it's part of the balance sheet. We will share it. 
Nidesh Jain: 
Sure. Thank you. Thank you. That's it for my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Supratim Dutta from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Dutta: 
Hi. Thanks a lot for the opportunity for this follow-up. So, just two questions. One, you have 
transitioned to this Medi Assist platform. It has been now nearly one year. So, just wanted to 
understand how is that transition playing out? What are the savings that you are getting and 
how should we think about that playing out over the next couple of years? That's one. Secondly, 
on this IRDAI initiative regarding Public Insurance Registry, wanted to understand how do you 
see that impact loss ratios, particularly on the fraud and waste side? If you could give some 
color there, that would be helpful. Thank you. 
Amitabh Jain: 
So, on the platform shift on the claims processing, that is now nearly complete. We are just 
entering the final phase of our last set of products that will be shifted on to that platform. By 
this quarter end, I think we should be fully through. So, we are clearly seeing efficiencies coming 
across for which we had thought for the platform and that's playing out. More importantly, it's 
not simply a matter of efficiency, but also the effectiveness of managing our claims better and 
giving our customers a better experience. On both those fronts, we are doing fine. 

 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Anand Roy: 
On the PIR side, this is a very good initiative. We believe so. It will help the industry to have 
more disciplined underwriting data. And we await further insights on this. We are closely 
engaged with the regulator in terms of building this model. Our CTO is part of the working 
group as far as this particular model is concerned. We will keep you updated as we get to know 
more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mohit Surana from HDFC AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit Surana: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations. From my side, I just wanted to know, since historically we have had ups 
and downs in terms of loss ratios and often external environment has also played a part in it. 
So, how do you assess the current external environment in terms of the healthcare, lifestyle 
changes, as well as some of the seasonal stuff? Second, in some way, is there a thought process 
to smoothen out some of these movements over time? Because often the profit and loss and 
loss ratios kind of get impacted by changes in external environment while we are trying to 
improve the internal processes and policies. External environment has historically often played 
a part in how vagaries of business have panned out. So, is there a thought process to smoothen 
out the impact of external impact? 
Anand Roy: 
Yes, Mohit. So, that's a good question. I think you will be happy to know that there is a lot of 
engagement now happening at various stakeholder levels on the external environment side to 
manage the piece that you are talking about, whether it is the GI Council creating a common 
empanelment of hospitals, whether it is the IRDAI and GI working together to bring the payers 
and providers together on a single platform. Five working groups have been created. We 
believe that all these initiatives will over time reduce the friction and at the same time reduce 
the challenges that we used to face earlier. So, I think this is something that we can do. 
On the internal side, as you have seen that over the last four, five quarters, we have set a 
process in place. For the last three quarters consistently, we have been demonstrating that the 
loss ratios have been improving. So, I think the model is working fine and we will continue to 
invest in the same model. But beyond that, I think the company will focus on sustainable 
growth with a sustainable ROE target that we have set for ourselves. So, if that answers your 
question. 
Mohit Surana: 
Got it. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Anand Roy: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Kamble for the closing remarks. 

 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Nilesh Kamble: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call. It has been one of the turnarounds for Star Health in 
terms of higher retail growth and improvement in the combined ratio driven by an 
improvement in loss ratio. The normalized PAT with 8% investment yield has seen a robust 
growth to Rs. 1,222 crore. We continue to build on that in the coming future. We will continue 
to execute our strategy with more conviction and confidence and thanks for your continued 
support. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Star Health Allied Insurance Company, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, 
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
