 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited, Registered Office: 3rd Floor, Muthoot Towers, M.G. Road, Kochi - 682 035, Kerala, India 
       P: +91-484-6619600, 6613450, F: +91-484-2381261, Email: mail@muthootcap.com, www.muthootcap.com 
CIN: L67120KL1994PLC007726 
MCSL/SEC/26-27/59 
May 13, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra 
Scrip Code - 511766 
Scrip Code (Debenture and CP) - 975282, 
975513, 975662, 975739, 976146, 976183, 
976213, 976233, 976282, 976363, 976458, 
976806, 976898, 976933, 976965, 729732, 
729733, 730251 and 730855 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra 
Trading Symbol - MUTHOOTCAP 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call to discuss the Audited Financial Results of Muthoot 
Capital Services Limited (“the Company”) for the Quarter and Financial Year 
ended March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed a copy of the transcript of the Conference Call, held 
on Monday, May 11, 2026, to discuss the Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
Quarter and Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
The same is also uploaded on the website of the Company and can be accessed via the 
weblink as given below: 
 
https://admin.muthootcap.com/uploads/Transcript_5b360c0f6f.pdf  
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
 
Deepa G 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A68790 
 
 
Encl: As Above 
DEEPA GOPALAKRISHNAN
Digitally signed by DEEPA 
GOPALAKRISHNAN 
Date: 2026.05.13 13:44:49 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
  
 
 
“Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
    
 
     
 
 
   
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MATHEWS MARKOSE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – MUTHOOT CAPITAL SERVICES LIMITED 
MR. RAMANDEEP GILL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MUTHOOT CAPITAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANEET KHIMAWAT – ELARA SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Muthoot Capital Services Limited Q4 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Maneet Khimawat from Elara Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Maneet Khimawat: 
Thank you. Good morning all. On behalf of Elara Securities, we welcome you all to the Q4 FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call of Muthoot Capital Services Limited. From the management 
today, we have with us Mr. Mathews Markose CEO; and Mr. Ramandeep Gill, CFO. 
 
I now hand over the call to management for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mathews Markose: 
Good morning, everyone. Maneet, am I audible? 
Maneet Khimawat: 
Yes, sir, you are. 
Mathews Markose: 
Okay. So good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. So on behalf of the 
management team, I welcome all our investors, analysts, lenders and stakeholders to the earnings 
call for Q4 '25-'26. So if I talk about the year that went by, we had a calibrated growth amidst 
challenging and evolving macroeconomic environment. 
 
The first half of the year, you all know we saw the stress in MFI spill over to the retail lending 
piece. In the last quarter, as we all know, we saw global uncertainties arising out of the 
geopolitical tensions, the war in West Asia, which saw elevated crude oil prices, tightening of 
liquidity conditions and continued impact on consumption patterns. 
 
And also, it saw a significant rise in opex across sectors. But despite all these headwinds, I 
believe the Indian economy demonstrated resilience and it was supported by domestic demand, 
the GST rationalization that government had done and also the gradual recovery in rural 
consumption. So all of these were actual tailwinds for the Indian economy. 
 
At MCSL, against all this backdrop, we remain focused on strengthening the fundamentals of 
our business and executing our long- term strategic objectives. During FY '25-'26, your company 
achieved an AUM of INR3,500 crores, including the managed book, reflecting steady expansion 
across core and emerging product segments. 
 
We continue to diversify our portfolio with very encouraging traction in commercial vehicles, 
used car, loyalty loans and also business from the group companies, while we maintained our 
strong presence in the 2-wheeler financing ecosystem. 
 
Our strategy emphasis during the year was not merely on growth, but also building a more 
sustainable technology-driven and customer-centric franchise. So at this moment, I would also 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
like to add that, today, based on our technology platforms, we are benchmark in some of the 
areas, at least, even compared to large organizations. 
 
We made significant progress in our digital transformation initiatives through automated 
collection, digitization, account aggregator, workflow modernization and strengthening of 
governance and compliance framework. 
 
More importantly, we've begun laying the foundation for becoming a truly digital and AI-driven 
organization during the year. We initiated multiple AI-led interventions across the enterprise, 
including AI-based ticket segregation for compliance and grievance management, speech and 
voice analytics for customer interaction, smart debt collection initiatives, AI-assisted collection 
monitoring, enhanced data-driven underwriting and risk assessment capabilities. 
 
Today, 100% of our pre-delinquency calls are done by AI agents. And gradually, I believe by 
the end of Q1, entire text-bucket calling will be done by AI agents only. There will be no human 
interaction in these 2 buckets. Completely, it will be AI-driven. 
 
We are also progressively integrating technology and analytics into our audit and compliance 
tracking, operational workflow, fraud monitoring and customer servicing functions to improve 
efficiency and responsiveness. And this is a decision that we are doing across the organization, 
because at MPG Group, we clearly understand that the future of financial services will be shaped 
by institutions that can combine scale with intelligence, automation and customer-centric digital 
capabilities. 
 
So our investments -- we have made a lot of investments in data lake, business rule engine, 
workflow automation and AI-led process enhancement. And these are not isolated projects, but 
these are actually a part of a larger strategic shift towards building a future-ready organization. 
 
While doing all of these, we have remained conscious of the stress emerging in the retail credit 
environment. Asset quality pressure across the industry, especially in the unsecured and semi-
urban borrower segments has been at elevated levels, and this warranted a more measured and 
prudent approach. 
 
So we have focused on balancing growth with risk discipline, strengthening collection 
infrastructure, improving digital repayment penetration and enhancing underwriting quality. 
Today, we collect more than 80% through digital route and less than 20% is through cash 
collection mode. 
 
And as we look ahead, we remain optimistic about the long-term opportunity in India's mobility 
financing ecosystem because all the structural drivers are intact, improving affordability with 
GST rationalization, recovery in rural demand. All of these fundamentals remain very, very 
strong. Also in the CV space, replacement demand is growing. Growing adoption of digital 
finance continues to provide a strong foundation for a company like ours, which is truly into the 
digital space. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
 
For the coming year, we have outlined a focused road map. We are targeting close to INR3,000 
crores of disbursement, and we aim to get deeper penetration into the markets that we are 
currently in, and we wish to expand through our digital sourcing channels and continue to 
improve on our operational efficiency and sustained investments in technology, governance and 
AI capabilities. And our long-term aspiration remains clear, which is to build a scalable, 
diversified institution and fully digital, which will create value for shareholders. 
 
So I think with that opening commentary, I would request Ramandeep to take over and take you 
through the detailed operational and financial performance of the last year and last quarter. 
Thank you. Raman, over to you. 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Thank you, Mathews sir. Am I audible, sir? Just confirm? Maneet, if you can confirm? 
Mathews Markose: 
Yes, Raman, you are audible. 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Okay. Good morning all. So this time, we have divided our call into 4 parts now for you all. 
First, like we always spoke about the AUM, then the asset quality of the company, then we'll 
speak on the GNPA and then we'll speak on the PAT. 
 
Talking about the AUM of the company, including managed book, which I'll just explain right 
now, we have closed our AUM at INR3,441 crores. Managed book, when we say the company 
has been able to do a DA transaction first time in the last 3 to 4 financial years, so this, we have 
concluded with a pool of approximately INR100 crores with Hinduja in the month of March. 
 
On the AUM front, the sole portfolio of MCSL, which was INR2,118 crores, now has been 
closed at INR2,758 crores, whereas the co-lending portfolio, which was INR940 crores at the 
start of the year, we closed at INR595 crores. So there is a significant degrowth in the co-lending 
portfolio, which we have said in each and every earnings call. 
 
The retail portion of our business, which was around 59% from the MCSL side, if you see Q4, 
in Q4, we were at 89.51% from the MCSL side. So we earlier used to be like 60-40, 60% through 
co-lending and then -- sorry, 40% through co-lending and 60% through MCSL. That ratio has 
been significantly changed over the year. And in Q4, we were at 89.51% only through MCSL 
and remaining has been contributed by the co-lending front. 
 
So when we stay on the AUM front of the company, products which have contributed to this 
INR3,500 crores are -- namely our 2- wheeler wherein we have seen growth. Obviously, the 
managed book was there wherein DA we have done. 4-wheeler, when we say used car book, 
which was initially at INR86 crores at the start of this financial year, we closed at INR155 crores. 
 
And when we talk about CV, which was INR61.25 crores at the start of the year, we closed at 
approximately INR240 crores at the end of this year, so which is a significant jump. So this is 
broadly on the AUM of the company. 
 
Now talking about the asset quality of the company, which has contributed towards -- so in the 
last earnings call, I remember that the company -- when I said the percentage of flow forward 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
towards the AUM. So from the opening standard AUM, when we were at 0.80% was my flow 
forward at the start of the year, now when we see Q4, it is only 0.43%. 
 
So we might see that GNPA of the company, which I have also shared, it is coming at 6.41% 
and 6.96% with interest accrual. I'll just explain all the entire thing. But first, we'll speak on the 
retail assets of the company. 
 
So when we say 0.43% was my flow forward, and we can see that 0.80% has been dropped down 
to 0.73%, then 0.65%, then 0.55%, and finally, we have closed 0.43%, which is a significant 
achievement in terms of my NPA analysis for the month -- for the year. 
 
Second thing which has contributed is my slippages, which was around INR18 crores a month. 
Starting -- at the start of this financial year. Now that has gone up to -- sorry, that has gone down 
to INR8 crores, INR9 crores a month, which means we have been able to control the slippages 
from Stage 2 to Stage 3 asset by almost 50%, which is again a very significant jump. 
 
And when we talk about the asset quality, the contribution that has been made through my retail 
segment, so retail segment, when we say that we have also relied on -- okay, there was a co-
lending portfolio, there is an MCSL portfolio. So what we have been able to achieve through 
MCSL portfolio, the overall yield, which was around 18%, 18.5% at the start of the year, blended 
yield, that has gone up to 21.02% because of the share that has been increased from the MCSL 
portfolio. 
 
With that, my 2-wheeler stand-alone as an incremental business from the 2-wheeler, that gave 
me 22.02% of the yield. My 4-wheeler is contributing 18.45% of the yield, while CV has 
contributed 7.31% and loyalty loan has contributed 24.92%. So that has allowed the company 
to increase the yield and while focusing on the MCSL portfolio as a loan. So this was more or 
less on the AUM, the asset quality of the company. 
 
We'll now speak on the GNPA portion. So we reported 6.96% with the interest accrual and 
6.41% with the principal outstanding. On managed book, when we computed GNPA 90 plus, it 
is 5.58%. The sole reason which has contributed to the increase in the GNPA, while the flow 
forward has been brought down significantly, as I said, I'm repeating it, it's 0.43%, the sole 
reason was we have recognized one of our corporate loan, which was Up Money. 
 
So we have recognized the entire INR15.51 crores as an NPA in March. And then, though we 
know that -- and whatever that has to be provided for that NPA, that we have done in March. 
Now while saying that, one more thing, the entire loan, we know that, that was in stress since 
September, October of the financial year, wherein we have been able to take the recoveries out 
of it. But as far as the DPD timer is concerned, it has to be recognized as an NPA, so we did. 
 
Now we know that provisioning and all we have provided. On the other hand, we are also happy 
about the fact that we have been able to secure this loan. And then whatever we have classified 
as an NPA in this financial year, I hope in the next financial year -- in this financial year, we 
have been able to realize that security and we'll be able to bring down that NPA portion. This is 
one. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
 
So that corporate loan has significantly contributed towards the NPA. My total NPA as we closed 
this financial is INR194 crores. And then when we added this, then around INR15 crores, 
INR15.5 crores, it's a big chunk of that NPA. So this is how the NPA movement for the company. 
 
Now 4 important factors wherein we -- I want to say that first. The company has taken a call on 
the portfolio, which was sourced pre-COVID, and that was lying in the doubtful 2 and doubtful 
3 category. So around INR12 crores of the portfolio has been taken out from the books wherein 
we have taken -- for the entire portfolio, we have taken the P&L hit as well. 
 
How did we classify this portfolio? We have classified this portfolio wherein no recovery has 
happened for the company on this portfolio since June 2023, number one. Number two, no 
change in the PCR. It remains at 50% and NNPA has to be below 6%. That's the policy of the 
company, and we are sticking on to it. 
 
We have also provided for 43,15,000 fraud loan accounts, which are almost 8 instances that has 
been reported to us. And for that, 100% provision has been provided in the books. For Up 
Money, we have already spoken. 
 
And then there is another impact of onetime hit that the company has taken apart from the write-
off account apart from the Up Money, and there was one more hit that the company has taken, 
which was providing the impact on the new wage code. So based on the financial impact that 
the company has taken, which I have also explained in the Note 5, it was coming as INR1.68 
crores that has been taken for the valuation of gratuity and the leave encashment. 
 
And then I have also explained at the start, we have also done one DA deal, which I have said 
in the Q3. But because of the fact that my Q1 performance, because of my impairment was very 
high and Q2, it has been brought down. Q3, we have seen some improvement. That is the reason 
we have been able to -- that we were sure that, okay, this portfolio has been classified for DA. 
 
And based on our recent efficiency numbers, that has given us enough confidence to make sure 
that we can close the DA deal as well. So that DA deal we have taken in the market of INR100 
crores, and that has been successfully closed. 
 
And then these are the kind of things which we wanted to do at the start of this financial year, 
but we know that how the impairment was impacting and what was the kind of impact. But we 
have left behind everything till Q3, and Q4, we have been able to do that DA for the first time, 
and we'll be able to continue also. At the same time, the AUM also needs to grow, which we 
have seen a growth in our MCSL portfolio, as I have already said. 
 
Last year, our CEO has said that we will close around INR600 crores of business. And then we 
closed around INR562 crores of business, which is a very close number of what we have said. 
The other income, which has significantly increased over quarter 1 to quarter 4, and then we are 
also planning that this income is going to further increase in this financial year, is an insurance 
income that -- through corporate agency, we have taken a INR7.52 crores that has been classified 
as other income in my P&L. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
So that also we have taken and we know that these kind of incomes wherein -- since we are a 
corporate agent, so while doing the cross-selling and all, these kind of incomes are going to 
increase. 
 
Second thing, on my ECL versus IRAC, the company is still carrying a INR51.57 crores of the 
excess provision over the IRAC, which you also must have seen in the PPT, which I have shared. 
We did -- since we have said that we have taken a call on the pre- COVID portfolio, we have 
taken same call on the ARC as well, while we did ARC, because at that time, the portfolio which 
has been sold to the ARC was the portfolio wherein we are able to recover something out of the 
portfolio. 
 
That is the reason, if you see my -- both my ARCs are doing extremely well. The SR at the start 
of the financial year -- sorry, at the start of the ARC was INR103 crores. Now that has been 
brought down to INR26 crores with business in my Phoenix ARC. And then similarly, another 
ARC that we did, which was at the start of this financial year, which was around INR41 crores. 
So INR23 crores was the closing outstanding from those SRs. 
 
The best part about the entire financial year wherein we have been able to bring down our cost 
of funds by INR0.60, the borrowing from the bank till the last financial year, which was only 
INR435 crores a year, that has significantly jumped up and multiplied with 2x. Now it is INR865 
crores of the total bank sanctions we received during the entire financial year. 
 
There was no change in the entire shareholding pattern. Promoters still hold 63.33% and 
remaining has been contributed by the retail and the corporates. Then taking another update, the 
total borrowings, which the company has done. Every quarter, as I said, total -- in totality, we 
have been able to bring down the cost by INR0.60. 
 
In the same format, we want to continue in this financial year as well. Only one increase that has 
happened in the entire cost of fund, that was around -- that was when we did the co-lending PTC, 
wherein we know that the partner which we have chosen, obviously, it was a smaller partner. So 
that's the reason. The entire cost has been jumped up, but that has not jumped -- that has jumped 
up with a small percentage only. Other than that, the overall cost of fund has been brought down 
by INR0.60. 
 
The fixed deposit book, which was -- at the start of this financial year, which was hovering 
around INR40 crores, INR45 crores from the years now, now this year, we have closed at 
INR80.83 crores, which is again a significant achievement and that too at a cost of 8.83%. So 
this is what we want to continue. 
 
And for our structured liquidity and the ALM, which we have filed, we have not seen a 
cumulative mismatch in any single stage, whereas the LCR of the company was always 100% 
throughout the financial year. And this -- at March, we closed at 129% as an LCR. 
 
For the investment front, the company has invested in SLR, PTC, SLR deposit, collateral deposit 
we had with the banks from which we took the term loan and fixed deposit with the bank, we 
have earned an overall yield of 6.98%. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
At total, the borrowing cost for the entire -- for the Q4 versus Q3, at Q4, I was at 10.09% whereas 
in -- sorry in Q3, whereas in Q4, we closed our total cost of fund at 9.48%, which is a significant 
jump. In one quarter itself, the cost of funds have been brought down. 
 
So another update, which we have said last quarter, we said that we are in talks with the equity 
investments -- we are in talks with the equity investors. So they wanted us to close our financial 
year so that they can see the results and all. And we have kept them updated throughout the 
entire GSM. 
 
And we do have a call with them on the Friday itself immediately after the results. So what we 
will do as the next step is we'll just wait for the term sheets first, and then we'll try to close 
something out of it specifically with the next 2 to 3 months from now onwards. 
 
That's it from my side. Over to you, Maneet. Maneet, you can take it forward. 
Maneet Khimawat: 
Now we can continue with the Q&A session? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line 
of Vinay Chatwani, an Individual Investor. 
Vinay Chatwani: 
Yes. I've been an investor in Muthoot Capital for last 8 to 10 years. In earlier times, there was a 
management with Madhu and Vinod, then there is management change. And currently, as we 
know, Ramandeep and Mathews has joined. So we were expecting good times since last 2 to 3 
years. 
 
And we are still waiting for that to fructify. As you know, debt holders -- you issue debt securities 
and you take all that kind of debt, they get interest. But we, as an equity investor, we are getting 
nothing for the last 8 to 10 years. 
 
For the policy, once I was asking that we should be getting dividends. Other finance companies 
also do profits, and they are also doing finance, like Mahindra & Mahindra Capital -- sorry, 
Mahindra & Mahindra Finance and other companies. They also give dividend to the 
shareholders. We are not even getting dividends. We are not getting, I think, capital appreciation. 
And I think, in all the last con calls, we have been told that things will get better. 
 
What kind of patience are you expecting from the investor actually? I don't understand. You 
should be -- either you are not gauging the future quite right or what's happening, I'm not able 
to understand. But what we are getting is that only assurance that now things will improve, now 
things will improve. If you will clarify, that will be very helpful since we are waiting very 
patiently for last many years. How much patience could you expect from us? That's my question. 
Mathews Markose: 
Okay. So thanks, Vinay, for the questions. First of all, when we took over the company, the 
company was stagnant on INR2,000 crores for 7 consecutive years, right, from 2019 till 2023 
and '24 when we took over. In the last 2 years, the AUM of the company has grown from 
INR2,000 crores to INR3,500 crores. So there is definitely -- and this year, we will -- so within 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
3 years, it will be more than 100% growth for the AUM. So that is very, very clear that your 
patience is seeing fruits. That is number one. 
 
Number two, on the profitability, our opex has gone up because of the fact that we have added 
many verticals. For 30 years, we were only a 2-wheeler loan company. Today, we are a 
multiproduct company, and that is the way I would expect the company to grow. We are now a 
fully grown CV vertical, used car vertical. And then we have renewed focus on fixed deposits. 
So we are a multiproduct company today. We are starting online FD sourcing now. 
 
So on all the trends of business, we are growing, but because of the proportionate expense in 
cost related to adding up new verticals and also the amount of spend we have done on the IT and 
digital infrastructure, today, we are a fully digital organization, so our profits have been slightly 
subdued to that extent compared to our growth, but you need to appreciate the fact that AUM by 
this year-end would have doubled over the last 3 years, okay? And that's a significant move in 
terms of what has happened over the past so many years, okay? So that is one. 
 
On the dividend side, Raman, will you just take that question, please? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Yes. One thing, sir, I want to add, when we took over this company, the GNPA of the company 
was around 24.5%, right? So it's not easy where we need to start the entire process, the entire 
recoveries starting from the soft bucket, it used to be outsourced, which has significantly 
increased my cost of recoveries as a whole. 
 
So we need to set up -- that's the sole reason that the company entered into ventures like co-
lending, wherein we can increase our business, at the same time, relying on the partners' 
underwriting skills, and we can see that, okay, different geographies we can enter, but our GNPA 
should remain at a static level at least for the incremental portfolio. 
 
At the same time, we took call on the GNPAs on the previous portfolio, which I explained as 
what we have done with the ARCs and how those ARCs portfolio are doing well. I hope that 
since those ARCs portfolio are doing well now itself after 6, 7 years, and then we have allowed 
them to become as a GNPA at this start, which is something which is not in our control when 
we had joined. 
 
On the dividend front, yes, since you know that the profitability was extremely lower, and I 
completely agree with you that being an investor for, say, 7, 8 years, I am also an investor in so 
many companies and all, I completely understand this pain. But the only thing is whatever was 
the form of the company, whatever was the thing, we have found out a way now that, okay, even 
if -- I just wanted to take it further. 
 
Even if the business year -- sorry, even if the business plan that the company has framed for this 
financial year, it has framed keeping in mind that whatever new product which we have added 
and whatever was the existing one, which was in the form of 2-wheeler, we made sure that 
company as a whole has defined an ROA first. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
 
And then based on that, everything has been set. Okay, if this is the kind of growth we want to 
achieve, this should be a number wherein we should contain our impairment, we should contain 
our GNPA, so this is where -- so that we should have something very good in the front of the 
shareholders. And this is not something I'm saying that we have to speak about after the end of 
this financial year. 
 
Quarter-on-quarter, we want to see -- we want to show the shareholders that what kind of growth 
-- because we have found some formula. Okay, this is the kind of adjustment which we want to 
make. And even if you see in Q4, multiple hits we have taken. 
 
Otherwise, the profitability for the stand-alone Q4 would have been extremely good. So we have 
found a way. Obviously, some calls needs to be taken, which we have taken. That is the reason. 
The profitability for the year as a whole was extremely lower and Q1 was also a loss. So that 
was the sole reason dividend was not there. But yes, we'll just -- we'll make sure that this kind 
of situation and all this should not occur in future. That is something which I really wanted to 
say. 
Vinay Chatwani: 
What happens, sir, whenever results come out, first of all, there's a fear kind of a thing. Is this 
quarter going to be okay? My first point is that, see the impairment. And again, I see -- again, 
my impairment increased INR20 crores… 
Ramandeep Gill: 
No, Vinay, I just wanted to say something here. The impairment, which you have seen here now, 
that is also taking an impact of the write-off account, which we have done. Around INR7 crores 
of impact that we have taken in the impairment for this. 
 
And all this account pertains to pre-COVID era itself that also I've explained while I was 
speaking. Okay? Overall impairment -- then that's the reason I stressed on the fact that flow 
forward was only 0.43% and then the overall Stage 3 is going down, down, down. That is the 
reason I'm explaining this again and again, Vinay sir. 
Vinay Chatwani: 
So what kind of profitability for this year we can expect finally so that, again, we can think that 
now we'll again have a -- I can again wish and expect and wait for 1 more year. So what kind of 
profitability can we -- we can expect for this year? I'm asking just on profitability because I am 
an equity holder. And I just want to -- like debt holders look for interest, we look for profitability 
-- yes, simple? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
So I understand your question. That is the reason, if you see at the start of this call, instead of 
saying that what is the kind of business that we have done, I just took my call into the 4 factors, 
which is very important for equity holder, what is my AUM, where is my asset quality, where it 
is going, what is the GNPA now and what is the PAT of the company. That is the reason I 
stressed on that. 
 
Now since -- I am again saying there is a formula wherein we have started working, okay? Now 
I will not say like that, by the end of this financial year, you will be having this and that. This is 
something -- which is again planning something for next 12 months or so. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
 
Quarter-on-quarter, we wanted a shareholder to see the results now because as a -- first, one 
thing, which is, even if you see for the whole financial year, which we have said it, that the 
impairment expense, that has gone substantially. 
 
For the whole year, I have booked INR76 crores of impairment expense, right, sir, whereas last 
financial year, it was only INR18 crores, INR18.5 crores itself. That is where the entire 
profitability juice has been taken into. This we should appreciate that in Q3, it has gone 
substantially down. And in Q4, it has gone again substantially down. 
 
Now these calls wherein at the end of the year, we have to take that, okay, one corporate loan 
account. Otherwise, I have to take all these calls in Q1, Q2 because once we know that, okay, 
this financial year, we have been able to manage till Q4 -- sorry, till Q3, so there in a few calls 
we can take in Q4 so that everything should remain in control, and we can have a fresh journey 
with the new portfolio, whatever we have sourced while the new management has taken over. 
 
So with that, we should start providing the result from quarter-on-quarter. So this is something. 
And then one more thing which I have just said, and I just want to reiterate it, the entire 
profitability of the company, which we have made in this financial year, entire business plan has 
just kept in mind, okay, there has to be some good-looking ROA of the company. 
 
Pretax ROA of the company should be 2%, 2.5%. This is what we have taken into our account. 
And these are the results which we wanted to show from quarter 1 itself, the business plan which 
we have targeted for April, May, June and the impairment. 
 
Now this is getting reviewed every month with each and every income side and each and every 
expense side that is there any slippages as of now? When we are saying that it is no, so which 
means that, okay, we are going something good that is -- that we are going to do. So this is what 
-- this is a limited answer from my side, Vinay sir. Just keep -- I'll just request one more thing. 
Please have some faith wherein we... 
Vinay Chatwani: 
I'm having faith and I'm having patience... 
Mathews Markose: 
Vinay, Mathews here. I invite you to have, at any time as per your convenience, have a personal 
one-on-one discussion with me and Raman, which we will take you through all the changes that 
we have made in the company, all the initiatives that we have taken, all the AI things we have 
implemented, all the digital things that we have implemented. 
 
We have completely revamped the institution, okay? You have to see it to believe it. I'm okay. 
We can meet somewhere where you are stationed in Bombay or somewhere or we can have a 
call and I can show you the entire thing, okay? We are confident about what we are doing -- 
very, very confident. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejas Khandelwal from Prudent Equity. 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
As you have said that we have grown our AUM, which I agree. But sir, the growth is meaningless 
because our profit is not growing at all. And our net NPAs and gross NPAs continue to 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
deteriorate and our net NPAs are now above 4%. And at the time of such a bad NPAs, our 
provisioning coverage ratio still remains around 50%. 
 
Now this again raises the concern that profitability is being protected at the cost of balance sheet. 
And sir, even in the last quarter, provision reversal had materially supported our PAT. And now 
sir, we have now seen almost 5 to 6 consecutive quarters of weak performance and our 
disbursement has also not grown enough. 
 
So sir, my question is, even if you have replaced the new Head of Collection, but sir, after all 
this, if the present management is unable to deliver a visible turnaround after such an extended 
period, then would the Board consider bringing in a different leadership team with strong 
execution track record or something? 
Mathews Markose: 
No, I think we'll have to get some numbers right. First of all, you admitted that there is an AUM 
growth. Number two, we need to look at the split of the AUM, okay? When the new management 
came in, we did not have a sales team to do business. So the immediate step was to stop the 
AUM from further degrowing. What we did was immediately build a few co-lending partners. 
And in the first year and almost through the second year, about 60%, 65% of the growth was 
coming from co-lending, okay? 
 
But by that time, we built our own team and we built capability for doing our own business. And 
with the fact that we saw some stress in co-lending partners, with our partners, as Raman has 
already said that one account has gone NPA, we took a conscious decision to stop the co-lending 
business as a whole, okay? 
 
And at some stage, our co-lending business was INR900-plus crores, which was one-third of our 
business. And that was a 0 NPA portfolio because that was the arrangement with the co-lenders 
where they would give only the best cases to us. 
 
So there was a pool which is now degrowing, which did not have an NPA and our pool is 
growing, which will have naturally some amount of NPA, and that is why it is apparently 
showing us a higher NPA, but it is not that our portfolio quality has deteriorated. It is the fact 
that the denominator, which was 0 NPA is flowing out faster. The INR900 crores last year has 
come down to INR500 crores, which will almost be 0 by this year-end. So whatever we are doing 
is our own business and which is our -- and we are confident about what we are doing. 
 
Two, the Board is fully confident about what we are doing. We are appraising them on every 
initiative that we take. Our AUMs are growing. We are moving the way our strategy objectives, 
which have been defined by the company is growing to be on a fully digital organization and 
AI-driven organization and diversify the portfolio. So all these 30 years, we were only a 2-
wheeler loan company, which is not a very good thing to do because 2-wheeler typically happens 
to be a higher delinquency product, okay? 
 
So we've gone through all the cycles. We've seen that the organization is resilient. We've seen 
how we can turn around from different situations. And therefore, the Board and the promoters 
are confident about the management and we'll continue to grow. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
 
In terms of our profit being subdued, as I again said, we have made a lot of investments. We 
have put 2 new -- whole new verticals of CV and CE and there is a India team now. Those 2 
businesses are only supported by the 2-wheeler business. They are not breaking even, even now. 
 
So the entire cost of 2 verticals has been borne by one vertical, which is the 2-wheeler loan 
business, which also went through its own challenges because of not just our own issues, but the 
macroeconomic conditions like we are a very closely related business to the MFI segment. MFI 
saw huge stress. You saw the MFI stress spill over to unsecured lending and secured lending. 
 
But despite all of that, we've been able to -- while make small -- though it is smaller, but we've 
been able to make profits across the quarters. Now 2 things you have to keep in mind. One, we 
are -- the 2-wheeler business is supporting that stress. Two-wheeler business is supporting an 
outflow of a non-NPA pool of co-lending. The 2-wheeler business is supporting 2 whole new 
verticals,  which have come up. The 2-wheeler business is supporting a whole new initiative of 
digitization, AI, all of this involves a lot of cost, okay? 
 
After having done all of that, we've been able to come quarter-on-quarter and show you some 
results. Of course, I know this is not to the satisfaction of the investors. It's not to the entire 
satisfaction of us also in terms of the results. But we are fully convinced about our actions and 
what we are doing, and we'll continue to do what is right for the company. 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Sir, one thing I want to add -- a few numbers, sir. I think -- because sir has said that in Q3, we 
have done some PCR change and all. I'll tell you, sir, my NPA is -- since you must be having 
this PPT, you can also do the same number with me. We have reported an NPA of INR209 
crores, okay? While in Q3, we have reported INR211 crores, you can just see, PPT is with you, 
okay? INR211 crores, we have reported. 
 
Now that INR211 crores was the entire retail NPA. Out of that INR209 crores, just subtract 
INR15 crores from the Up Money, which was the corporate loan, it would be INR194 crores. 
INR194 crores on a book of INR3,441 crores, it comes at a GNPA as a percentage of 5.64% as 
compared to 6.45% in Q3. 
 
So you tell me, sir, why -- you tell me, sir, that whether the NPA has gone down or increased. If 
you compare apple-to-apple, you compare our PCR and then you say, because the statement 
which you have made, the NNPA has increased. NNPA in my Q3 with the PCR of 50%, that 
was a conscious call we have taken because we know that our retail portfolio is performing 
extremely well, about 3.64% without -- and just comparing apple-to-apple with retail portfolio, 
my NNPA would have been 2.82%. So this is the kind of change which the company has made. 
Yes, Mr. Tejas, over to you. You can ask now. 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Yes. So as far as I can see, sir, our NPAs have bottomed around Q2, Q3 FY '25. After that, they 
are rising and NPAs will cross now 7%. So which is, I think, concerning. And the second thing 
is you have talked about the growth in AUM. But sir, our disbursement has not shown any 
growth, both quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year. So I don't know when -- at the time when the 
entire auto sector is booming in India, I think you are missing a golden cycle? 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Yes. Tejas, sorry to interrupt. First, I want to take this question on the NPA first. You said around 
7% and all. I want to know this calculation, how you are doing it. Apple-to-apple, you do that, 
retail to retail. Corporate loan Up Money was an excluding factor, which we have already told, 
on that we already have a security -- just exclude corporate loan, then you inform us that where 
we are on our NPA. 
 
Because at the start of the call, I myself has said that we were at 0.85% as a flow forward towards 
the standard AUM. That has gone down up to -- by Q4 as 0.43%. That, I had accepted that at 
the start of the year, it was like this. But now it has been halved. It's only 0.43%. So I wanted to 
know what makes you say that it was 7% and all. I just want to know the statement, sir. 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
I mean in presentation, you have given the 6.96% of GNPA. It's around 7%, right? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Yes, very correct, very correct. So that is the reason I'm explaining while answering your 
question... 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
That's what I said that gross NPA is running towards 7%. That was what I said. And then second 
was on the growth, which you have said that you're growing, but your disbursements are not 
growing. And the entire auto sector is booming. So I think you're missing the golden cycle. So 
that's what I said. I don't know what else you're talking about? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
So sir, this is what it is. So when I -- again, I'll repeat that this 6.45%, 6.89%, whatever it is the 
NPA, when -- at the start of your question, the question was that we have changed the PCR, this 
that, and I wanted you to have a comparison on the retail to retail. That is the reason when I was 
explaining my call, I said that the company has taken Up Money as a corporate loan as a hit of 
INR15 crores as a onetime hit. That has led to an increase. 
 
If you reduce that component, you compare apple-to-apple, your NPA would be 6.45% in Q3. 
Now it is 5.64%. So it is below 6%. That is how my retail portfolio is getting executed now, sir. 
Over to you, Mathews sir, for the AUM question. 
Mathews Markose: 
Yes. On the question of the growth, again, I clarified in my response. Earlier, we were growing 
MCSL plus co-lending. Today, we are growing only MCSL and we are at the same level, okay? 
So if I add co-lending, I can grow another by 50%, which we don't want to do. That's why we 
are not doing. It's a conscious call. We are very clear of what we are doing. 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Okay. Sir, what growth should we look at in FY '27 on the AUM side and on the profitability 
side also? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Tejas sir, one more thing. Sir, I want to take this question. Tejas sir, on the Slide 7, which we 
have shared, if you can open, if you have that in front of it -- in front of you, the growth, which 
was -- which I wanted to say that MCSL portfolio was INR2,118 crores. That has gone up to 
INR2,758 crores, 29% of the growth which we have recorded. Sir, I believe that is in line with 
the industry. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
 
The only answer to say that there was some degrowth which was around co-lending growth, 
which has been degrown by 40%. INR940 crores has become INR595 crores. Okay, sir? So we 
wanted to grow the MCSL portfolio in the same lines in this financial year as well, sir. 
Tejas Khandelwal: 
Okay. Okay. And on the profitability front? What kind of ROA have you decided internally? 
Anything on that? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
While doing the business plan for the company, the cumulative ROA, which we have taken, 
while -- because we know that 2-wheeler is an existing one, while 4-wheeler and CV are the 
new ones wherein they need to perform extremely well and which they are doing it as well. So 
we are expecting that either of 2 will get a breakeven in this financial year, okay? But we have 
not taken while computing the overall ROA. Pretax ROA we have computed as a whole for 
MCSL would be around 2.5% to 2%. This is what we wanted to say. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinod Krishna from Avendus Wealth. 
Vinod Krishna: 
How far is our INR10,000 crores AUM and 3% ROE or 4% ROA target? And are you now 
confident about the business model that you have said because you are talking you have invested 
in digital, AI and collections and sourcing from only our portfolio. So -- and also North, because 
we have done for us North is new, so how confident are you that your business model is set in 
North and about the growth? And what do you say -- how far is that INR10,000 crores? So if I 
can, how confident are you from the way you have set up the -- once the new team has come? 
Mathews Markose: 
So we are very confident about the INR10,000 crores. That's why we put up that number on 
board. And we -- also this year before budgeting, we again went through all our strategic 
objectives. We have retained all of them. We are looking at INR10,000 crores by '28, '29, 
somewhere thereabout. And the past -- this year, we'll have definitely crossed INR4,000 crores 
AUM, somewhere close to INR4,500 crores is what we are looking at. 
 
But we will look at the evolving situation because of the ongoing crisis and all that. We don't 
know how it's going to impact India. You already heard PM say a few things yesterday as 
advisory. So we will look at the evolving situation. We want to go quarter-on- quarter. But we 
are very, very confident about our business model. We are confident about our team. We are 
confident about the locations that we have opened up in the North. 
 
All the locations are doing well, and we'll continue to scale there. We will go in a calibrated 
manner in North. We will not expand to all the markets. The markets where we are present 
currently, we are comfortable, we'll continue to grow. 
 
Other than that, we are expanding in newer markets where we did not have much deeper presence 
like Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. Both of these are very, very good markets, but our presence 
was less where we are going deeper into that. And we are very confident about our business 
model and the team and the initiatives that we are taking. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur from Jain Capital. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Ankur: 
Mathews, Raman, congrats. I think you guys have been navigating a very, very tough 
environment. Mathews, I think you complete a year also, so congrats on that. First question, if 
you can give us more color on the team build-out that you referred to, how is the collection and 
BD team shaping up? 
Mathews Markose: 
So collection -- and the second, what was the team you said? 
Ankur: 
Business development team. 
Mathews Markose: 
So today, we have completely divided the company into various SBUs, strategic business units. 
So we have a business head for 2-wheeler business. We have a business head for car, UCL. We 
have a business head for commercial vehicles, and we have a business head for the group 
relationship business, so which is all the group companies. 
 
So we have been only getting business from Muthoot Fincorp for a long time. And that used to 
contribute almost 85%, 90% of the group relationship business. This year onwards, we are going 
with Muthoot Microfin, and Muthoot Microfin has already signed up with us and also SIP and 
Muthoot Housing Finance in a small manner. 
 
While the volume will not be large, but the objective at a group level is that when we do scrub 
on individual company base, we see that a lot of customers go outside of Muthoot's ecosystem 
to take loans, which is already available in the Muthoot ecosystem. So that is something at a 
group level, we are trying to keep in-house. So all group companies carry 1:4 target, which is 1 
customer should have 4 products within the group and all that. 
 
So those kind of initiatives are happening. Fincorp will continue to be the largest one. So that is 
-- those are the 4 business verticals. We have a Head of Collection who takes care of all the core 
business collections, but he's supported by zonal heads in the North, East and South. But our 
portfolio is not that big. So as of now, we don't have a zonal head there. But as and when the 
portfolio grows, we'll have people there also. 
 
Other than that, we have today a full-blown, what you call, audit function, compliance function, 
risk function, credit head and credit team. Most of our 2-wheeler credit has been automated 
through scorecards. So largely, the team is for car and CV, which still is manual in terms of -- 
while the flow is digital, but the underwriting happens with a manual intervention. We have a 
full-blown, now, legal team. 
 
So all verticals -- so some 17 HODs report into the CEO, all of them are full-fledged 
departments. So all of these are investments, and we've invested a lot in compliance and 
governance, which is reflected in our upgrade, in our recently conducted RBI audit and all that. 
So all of these are resulting in very good softer aspects of the business. And of course, we know 
that the investment on the business side is going into developing all of these. 
 
So we are building our organization from the very foundation, okay? And the results are there 
to be seen. The promoters are happy. The Board is happy, and we will build it. We are confident 
about it. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Ankur: 
So given the current cost base, what kind of cost-to-income ratios we should look at, let's say, F 
'27 and F '28? Is the cost, most of the cost loaded or is there more cost coming in? 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Sir, as I said earlier, we do have 2 new products in line, which is used car and CVs, right? So 
therein also the business is increasing extremely well and either of two will get a breakeven in 
this financial year itself. So therefore, we -- when we talk about MCSL as a whole, cost-to-
income, yes, it is very high as of now. We target slowly to bring it down. 
 
And obviously, the good target is to remain at around 60-40, right, which is not now as of now, 
but yes, for this financial year, we want it -- right now, it is 85% where we are standing as of 
now. 
 
But by -- when we know that the overall cost -- when we say that for -- 2 things which is really 
helping us out now, which is, one cost which has helped us out for the entire financial year was 
the cost of funds that has gone down by INR0.60. And then on the new incremental cost of 
borrowing -- sorry, new incremental funds, which we are going to raise, which would be around 
INR3,000 crores, on that, INR0.60 would be having a huge impact, number one. 
 
Number two, which -- I will say that the cost of impairment, wherein we are seeing some good 
results starting Q3 itself. And Q3 and Q4, we are seeing -- we are hoping that if trend gets 
continue in Q1 and Q2 itself, we will be having a good margin for our cost to income as well. 
 
So I hope that Q1 would be good. And based on that, for the entire financial year, we can still 
project that, okay, we'll not achieve as per what we wanted, a 60% -- 60-40. But yes, we'll be 
somewhere around 70%, 75% as a whole. 
Ankur: 
Raman, 2 follow-ups. One, how much equity are you planning to raise and will it come from 
promoters? Second, you mentioned INR3,000 crores. Is that the debt that you will take over? 
What... 
Ramandeep Gill: 
Yes, understood, sir. So answering both, sir. Number one, as I said at the start of the call as well, 
we got 2 investors during the last year itself, but you know that Q1 was not that good. And Q2 -
- we improved in Q3 and Q4. Q4, we have been able to show some good -- that is the reason I'm 
focusing on my portfolio as a whole. 
 
One surprise in the corporate loan has come. Other than that, the result, as for me as a CFO, was 
extremely good and the performance in terms of the asset quality has been significantly 
improved, okay? 
 
So we -- so these results have been -- so we have shared this with our new investors as well. Not 
confirmed though, but yes, they wanted to do some due diligence on the final results and all, 
which they will start now. And immediately after the AGM, they will take the entire balance 
sheet to review and to reflect. 
 
So we are targeting around INR400 crores wherein we -- the promoter also wanted to contribute. 
This round would be more in the form of CCPS. Why? Because this would be more of a 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
milestone base. The valuation of the company is not that great, which you already know, in the 
market. So that is the reason milestone will play a very significant role here, again. 
 
So we wanted to target INR400 crores itself where INR200 crores would be upfront and INR200 
based on some milestone which we want to do. And then yes, promoter wanted to -- always 
wanted to take a substantial share. Right now, we are at 63.33%. Obviously, they want to 
maintain somewhere around more than 51% throughout. So this is one. 
 
Second thing, on the INR3,000 crores, I said, this would be my total borrowing, which I'm 
planning. On that, the cost of funds, as I said -- because when we talk about the ROA as a whole, 
it doesn't -- sir, it doesn't come only from the impairments and from all, while saving the small 
cost and now it has become so big, the INR3,000 crores, a percentage of INR0.60, that will 
contribute a lot in this financial year on the overall ROA of the company, sir. 
Mathews Markose: 
I want to add something where Raman has left. So earlier, I had mentioned in reply to Vinay 
saying that I invite all of you for a more detailed demo where we can take you through 
individually or collectively through the processes that we have put in, all the improvements that 
we have made, which will actually give you more confidence in what we are doing. 
 
So that offer remains, and I'm happy to invite as many of you for joining that thing. But in the 
current moment, I want to add a few initiatives that -- on the cost savings. So our entire 2-wheeler 
today underwriting, and we have also got AUA, KUA license from UIDAI. 
 
So our KYC is going fully digital from this month onwards. Till now, we were looking at various 
options. Some was manual OCR and all that. Now we are enabled on safe authentication and 
biometric authentication. So our entire KYC is automated. Our risk underwriting is automated 
through scorecards. 
 
So the last leg was -- so once the risk -- credit underwriting becomes automated, we had about 
30-odd people doing 2-wheeler credit, okay? That team will now get reduced to 3 or 4 because 
they just need to monitor the BREs. So that entire cost, we move to the car and CV where we 
need people to do the underwriting even now. So while we are building these 2 businesses, we 
will not be adding that much incremental cost because of the saving that we are doing here. 
 
On the second leg, the last leg of the disbursement process of 2-wheeler, which was operations, 
used to be manual where after the KYC is done, then the underwriting is done, a few people, 
again, some 40, 45 people were sitting and looking at files, looking at the invoices, insurance, 
margin money, etc., and disbursing the file. That leg, we have developed an AI tool and made 
that automated. Today, we are getting about 65% application-level STP on that. 
 
So that, over a period of time in the next 2, 3 months because it's a machine learning model, 
which learns and improves, we will -- we expect to take it to 90%, in which case, instead of this 
45 people, I'll need only 5 people to do that entire leg. As of now, all these costs remain with 
me. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
 
The credit cost, the operations costs remain with me because I can't send everybody home. But 
these are rationalizations that we are making, which will, in the time to come, improve because 
even with increased volume, I will not be adding more people because all of these are automation 
that we are doing. It will not reflect in any balance sheet, any P&L account. 
 
These are all things which I can show you if we have a chance to speak to you individually and 
demo. There was a huge amount of cost that I was incurring in terms of name match, face match, 
address match, geodistance monitoring in each application. So there are geodistance restrictions. 
If a customer stays beyond 40, 50 kilometers, we will not do that loan, etc. 
 
So all of these used to be API calls to external vendors, which have now -- we have built in-
house. And from the month of May, it is in-house. So that used to be a INR3 crores, INR4 crores 
build for me in a year, which will not be there from this month. 
 
So these are all -- none of these come in any of the published figures. These are all initiatives 
that will gradually improve efficiency as well as reduce cost for the organization. And these are 
the things that we are implementing and implementing with full support from the Board and 
promoters and everyone. So we are very confident that we are on the right track. 
Ankur: 
Yes. Mathews, We had the chance to meet Microfin management in Bombay last week. So a lot 
of initiatives which you are talking about there, I think they've already done, so you have a good 
learning ground there. Just one question if you guys can hold one Investor Day either in Kochi 
or Bombay? 
Mathews Markose: 
That's a good suggestion, we will do that. 
Ankur: 
Is it fine if we drop a mail to Deepa to coordinate that? 
Mathews Markose: 
Yes, please do that. Please do that. We will be more than happy to come and present all our 
initiatives. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kshitij Verma from Rest Assured Group. 
Kshitij Verma: 
Yes. My query was, as you are aware, in the upcoming year, we have certain events against us. 
For example, they are saying there's an El Nino problem, there's a heat wave problem. There's a 
war supply chain crisis. Are we worried about the ARC security receipts we may have to take a 
write-down there also because of it being in the legacy book? 
Mathews Markose: 
As of now, we see no challenge. I think these are peripheral issue. It still needs to be -- because 
India is still reliant on domestic consumption, the direct impact to any of these countries is very, 
very less. We still need to see how the crude oil prices are going to impact broad consumption. 
But we don't see -- as of now, we have not seen any this thing. 
 
We had a detailed report coming to us from CRISIL. Even CRISIL has not -- while they have 
flagged off -- they have put red flags in terms of overall slight slowdown and all that, but they 
are predicting good credit growth, not much impact on repayments and all that. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
 
As of now, we are not very concerned on any of these things. And if you look at the ARC, in the 
first ARC, we have only about 25% or 26% remaining and the second ARC, a little over 40%. 
So the danger part is already behind us now. 
Kshitij Verma: 
Okay sir. And sir, certain banks -- the major banks have taken some countercyclical provisions. 
We are not keen to go towards that. You are confident that -- because the segments we lend to 
are susceptible sometimes to macro shocks more, but we are confident that our underwriting will 
sail through it, right, on the new book or in the last 1-year book, which we have built? 
Mathews Markose: 
Yes. The last 1-year book has been behaving extremely good. So we have recently taken -- last 
quarter, we took the credit insights dashboard from one of the credit bureaus where it gives 
comparison between you and the peer group. So we can set the peer group. Obviously, they will 
not give you one-on-one, but they allow us to set a peer group. So we have set a couple of peer 
groups and we do a comparison. 
 
We are way below the NPA levels in the incremental portfolio when we compare ourselves with 
the peer group. So we are confident and yes, I think if there is any drastic shock coming out of 
all these developments, we can't predict. But as of now, the way it looks like, I think we are 
pretty much confident on the -- and that's why I said that we are looking at a calibrated growth. 
I don't want to go very, very aggressive. 
 
While even today, I think the industry is still steady state on a steady-state basis, it's not shown 
any dip. So I would still like to tread with caution in terms of new onboarding. And therefore, 
we are not entering into any new geographies this year. We are only going deeper in the places 
where we are already present. So those are the checks and balances that we are keeping in mind. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take this as the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Mathews Markose: 
Thank you so much. It was nice interacting with all of you once again. As I mentioned, I would 
-- we would like to organize a smaller group meeting with all of you and take you through all 
the improvements that we have made in terms of our business, our investments and we want to 
highlight our thought process for the years to come. We would really love your participation in 
that so that you also get confidence. 
 
I know some of these questions come out of your own frustrations in -- may not be able to see 
the results that you are expecting. But as they give the bamboo analogy, we are building the 
roots, and we are building a real strong root so that you will see that stem grow very fast in the 
time to come. 
 
So we are very confident about what we are doing as a management. Our Board is fully in 
support of us, promoters are fully in support of us, and we will deliver the results. We are 
confident about that. Thank you so much and keep -- stay invested in us. That's the assurance 
that we can give you. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Muthoot Capital Services Limited 
 
 
May 11, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
