 
 
 
 
Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India 
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com 
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786 
 
 
April 26, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 500325  
 
Trading Symbol: RELIANCE 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:   Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - 
Transcript 
 
Transcript of the discussion on the Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) 
of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, at the analyst meet held on 
April 24, 2026, is attached and also available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec. 
 
The analyst meet, conducted physically, concluded at 9:50 p.m. (IST) on April 24, 2026. 
 
This is for information and records.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Savithri Parekh 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Copy to: 
 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II, 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Singapore Exchange Limited  
4 Shenton Way, #02-01 SGX Centre 2, 
Singapore 068807 
 
 
SAVITHRI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed 
by SAVITHRI 
PAREKH 
Date: 2026.04.26 
23:04:52 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
1 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RIL Q4 2025 - 2026  
Media & Analyst Call Transcript  
 
24 April 2026  20:02 IST  
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
• 
Sh V Srikanth, CFO, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Anshuman Thakur, Head of Strategy, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited 
• 
Sh Dinesh Taluja, CFO & Corporate Development, Reliance Retail 
• 
Sh Ashutosh Goyal, CFO, FMCG Business, Reliance Consumer Products Limited 
• 
Sh Ishan Chatterjee, CEO, Sports, JioStar 
• 
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta, COO – Refining & Marketing, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi, President – Petrochemicals, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Karan Suri, Senior Vice President - New Energy, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy, President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited 
            
Duration: 01:47:40 minutes 
 
Presentation Link: https://rilstaticasset.akamaized.net/sites/default/files/2026-
04/FY2025-26_RIL_Analyst_Meeting.pdf  
 
Meeting Audio: https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec  
 
• 
Sh V Srikanth 00:00:01 – 00:06:32 (Group Performance) 
• 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:06:36 – 00:18:28 (Jio Platforms) 
• 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:18:33 - 00:28:05 (Retail)  
• 
Sh Ashutosh Goyal 00:28:18 - 00:33:02 (FMCG) 
• 
Sh Ishan Chatterjee 00:33:17 – 00:42:16 (JioStar) 
• 
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta 00:42:34 - 01:00:41 (Refining & Marketing, Oil to Chemicals) 
• 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 01:00:53 – 01:09:43 (Petrochemicals, Oil to Chemicals) 
• 
Sh Karan Suri 01:09:54 – 1:13:48 (New Energy) 
• 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 01:14:00 – 01:20:15 (Exploration & Production) 
• 
Q&A Session 01:20:17 – 01:47:40 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Transcript:  
  
PRESENTATION 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:00:01 – 00:06:32 (Group Performance) 
 
The first 11 months seem pretty different from what happened in March and in 11 months it 
seemed like fastest growing economy, domestic activity was fairly robust, and from our own 
telecom point of view significant growth in traffic on the 5G network and so on. All the 
measures taken on GST rationalization, the easing rate cycle, monsoons were good and that 
gave broadly consumption tailwinds were decent there, energy prices also give or take, was 
range bound and even growth in both fuel and refined products remained steady and then 
you go into March. We all know the numbers almost doubling of 70% higher in some cases, 
even in gas it went up to double, of course the concern for everybody and all of us is the fact 
that the supply shock and its impact on industry and consumer confidence, that is something 
that as it is happening, everybody is grappling with it. Rupee depreciation obviously is an 
area of concern, 11% for the year and 4% just in March and the bias will be there if this 
situation were to persist because on the back of widening gap, these are concern areas, it 
all depends on what is the outcome of the war, when does the settlement happen, but were 
it not these are really the immediate concern areas in everybody’s mind. 
 
In this context, when I just look at FY2025-26 the full year and before I go into the quarter 
10% up on revenue, 13.5% on EBITDA, this of course includes the one time that we had in 
the sale of listed shares. Now, with the consumer businesses contributing more than 55% of 
EBITDA and PAT growth was also good, and I have provided the details of the standalone 
profitability of RIL, JPL and RRVL. So, JPL at year-on-year PAT increase is about 15% and 
RRVL about 12%, RIL close to 24 and this is really the mix. Overall growth 13%, digital very 
strong 18%, subscribers, 5G subscriptions, broadband mix, customer engagement, all these 
metrics are very good strong numbers. Retail 8% growth on EBITDA and this is muted 
because of the scale up of the hyperlocal e-commerce. Also, fashion and lifestyle demand 
was a bit soft. O2C up 10% despite everything and as Srini will talk through in the 
presentations about what happened there and Oil and Gas has been more about the fall in 
overall production, the reservoir reserves coming down. This I just thought, just put a five-
year context. Overall is up more than 2x, but digital is again more than 2x, retail two and a 
half times, O2C close to two. So, in a more broader timeframe I just wanted to emphasize 
this more than doubling is something that we have been doing and this is again another 
indication. 
 
Just going into for the quarter, as you can see overall EBITDA growth is flat and actually it is 
about consumer. When I say consumer here I am taking both Jio and retail that is up 14%, 
which really negates the impact of energy, which has been lower and more on PAT has been 
on a quarter-on-quarter lower because of depreciation and interest on the back of the 
capitalization of the 5G assets, and more specifically on Oil-to-Chemicals down 4% and 
actually the 4% does not bring the overall context of how difficult the environment was. One, 
of course, last year, year back, same time the overall numbers were strong and when you 

 
 
 
 
3 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
look at what happened in terms of just physical inability to get crude, in fact if you see the 
throughput for us it was lower by 4% and just getting physical crude, the premium which was 
trading on top of the benchmarks, logistics cost, insurance cost, the sheer volatility that we 
saw there and coupled with under recoveries on fuel retailing, the introduction of SAED, there 
are million things which have happened in this quarter and that is what I meant by saying 
that 4% number really does not capture what the environment was and in that sense  
 
I am very happy or delighted to look at this performance and the quality of the performance 
is very strong. Oil and Gas because of gas volumes, digital services has been good, 16% on 
the back of subscriber additions, which was up 7.5%, and the 5G user base has been growing 
at about 40% and retail more broad based consumption that we have seen and the 
hyperscale expansion, which Dinesh will talk through in the retail presentations and this is 
again, same five year perspective I just thought to put that overall still net debt we have been 
able to keep that in control or continuing the capex vis a vis what is the cash profit, all of 
those trends have remained fairly strong and these numbers say that the EBITDA has been 
at about 0.64, which against what we have been talking about below one. 
 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:06:36 – 00:18:28 (Jio Platforms) 
 
Thank you Srikanth. Good evening, everyone. Update on the Jio Platforms results for the 
quarter and the full year. So strong double-digit growth in our digital services business, which 
is already a global scale business and then showing double digit growth. We ended the year 
with 524 million subscribers that is a net add of 36.3 million during the year and it has been 
fairly sustained picking up over the last couple of quarters, 268 million 5G user base, so that 
is an addition of 77 million during the year of 5G subscribers. That makes us our 5G 
subscriber base the largest outside of China, the single country operator. Number one in 
homes as well 27 million fixed broadband connects that was a net addition of almost 10 
million during the year and 12.9 million JioAirFiber homes. So roughly 75% of the connections 
coming in through the AirFiber, where we are by far the largest globally with our AirFiber 
product across 5G and UBR. 
 
On the financial metrices, the revenue for the year at Rs.1,46,085 Crores, which was up 
14.6% year-on-year, Rs.76,255 Crores of EBITDA that was almost 19% year-on-year, 
EBITDA margin of 52%. We saw a 190-basis points improvement there, increase there and 
one of the metrices we have been tracking is the amount of data consumed on the network. 
Total data traffic increased to 241 Exabytes for the year, around 66 Exabytes for this quarter, 
so that is 31% increase year-on-year. So, across all of the operating and financial metrices, 
we see strong growth and continue to see strong growth on these. I will just speak a bit about 
some of the priority areas, focus areas for us currently and as we move forward mobility 
continues. We have the largest market share; we are growing that business rapidly. There 
are a few priority areas, focus areas for us to improve the product offering and gain more 
market share. On the product side, the 5G premium services with our stack, we are able to 
offer. Now, of course, some of this is being done on a trial basis. We need to ensure that we 
are fully regulatory compliant, but these products are ready for the market. AI-first network 
being used, on our network we have been implementing a whole bunch of intelligence, AI 

 
 
 
 
4 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
automations, energy optimization, for example, is being done on our network and we should 
see good results coming out of these in the next few quarters. We have done some network 
innovations. Again, as you all know, we manage our own network, the core has been 
completely developed by us, we do a lot of innovation on the radio as well. We have been 
able to work on some proprietary beam form cell design, which helps us improve coverage 
and capacity, especially in specific locations. So, if there is a match in a stadium or there is 
a high traffic zone, we are able to now enhance capacity, which has always been a challenge 
area for operators, and we have been able to come up with our own proprietary solutions to 
address improve customer experience in these situations. 
 
Distribution strategy, on the 5G side working with OEMs to see how we can improve the 
experience for users as it take new devices, same attachment, etc., and you will hear about 
some of this in the market, leveraging our distribution as a digital gateway for digital platforms 
and services coming into the country, be it Gemini, be it JioHotstar, that continues to be a 
focus area, helps us improve our customer attraction, customer engagement and also gets 
us some more revenues, which is always welcome and also helps us in getting improving 
our ARPUs.  
 
On the customer experience side, you would have seen some recent third party reports, 
which have all rated us as the best network, multiple awards including download speed 1.8 
times competition, 99.9% time on network and a very important metric which is 5G coverage 
experience, where third party results are showing that our users are able to access 5G 
services most of the time they are on the network. So, converting network leadership to 
premium subscriber engagement and I think just more customer engagement, just more 
traction with customers as they remain on the network. Homes continues to be a priority for 
us, we had a good year, we have now reached 27 million subscribers, almost 10 million net 
adds during the last 12 months, and 75% of those coming through AirFiber, which is working 
at scale, working really well. Last time I had spoken about the non-line-of-sight deployment 
that we had started doing and that is now working on the ground and in practical and with 
some of these things when you deploy in the field is when you sometimes which face some 
challenges and you need to appropriately adjust. We have done those, we have been through 
that, and this now further expands the addressable market from our point of view, where 
there were situations where line of sight was becoming a restricting factor for us. With this 
now working at scale and we have started upgrading the hardware in most cases, this is 
enabling us to now connect more sites and more premises with this new technology. So, we 
are very optimistic about this working at scale and will help us increase the run rate, increase 
the acquisition rate even more. On the bunch of activities, a lot of initiatives we have taken 
on the quality and assurance side, rapid technician onboarding very important because now 
that we were working at a scale where 25 to 30, and there are days when we are adding 50 
to 60,000 homes in a day you need to have scaled technical manpower on the ground and 
therefore, this rapid technician onboarding is a very important consideration from our point 
of view, which we have been able to do. 
 
One day installation, over 90% of the installations are happening within 24 hours, of course 
we will strive will target to take this closer to 100% and most of the times the limiting factor 
again becomes the availability of a technician. It is not about the network or the infrastructure 

 
 
 
 
5 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
readiness. AI checks on the KPIs so that we can keep real time, we can track those real time 
and take real time action and we pretty much been near zero complaints from a service 
quality point of view, be it fiber and also AirFiber. 
 
Enterprises, we continue to focus on this to enhance new account penetration. Our 
proprietary solutions, we have spoken about this in the past, but those are now commercially 
available in the market, being provided to our enterprise customers. Managed connectivity, 
where we take care of end-to-end requirements of enterprise customers, primarily with Wi-
Fi, firewall, surveillance, any of their requirements and as we have told you in the past most 
of our customers are taking something beyond just connectivity and these kind of managed 
services, managed connectivity solutions are very popular with enterprise customers. The 
high-powered UBR last mile and being able to offer that as a cost-effective solution and in 
quicker time, again, very popular with enterprises. In case of dispersed locations, a lot of 
enterprises which have presence across multiple geographies or multiple locations, they are 
preparing our AirFiber solution because we are able to connect those locations in quick time 
and give them an integrated, standardized solution, which is quite popular. Our share of large 
deal wins, it is natural as well not now, but we are the largest operator, but also the fact that 
the large deals would tend to take more time to convert. These are longer lead cycles, but 
we are now seeing an increasing share in these wins, dedicated terabyte-level connectivity 
that we are able to offer on backbone and again the integrated solutions that we have spoken 
in the past about be it manufacturing, retail, BFSI, government verticals, all of which where 
we are seeing good, large deal wins and digital solutions manage Wi-Fi, manage compute 
are our solutions, which are needed by not only by large enterprises, but SMEs, small 
enterprises, now it is all managed compute, JioPC which we are working in partnership with 
SaaS players. This is again very popular with SMEs, something that is need of the hour 
because the computer penetration even now is low and these are AI ready kind of compute 
solutions, which are going to be needed increasingly, in the next few quarters you will see a 
lot of need coming up for these even with smaller businesses. Large enterprises of course 
can spend a bit more on cloud and on compute infrastructure, but even for them this is more 
cost effective and more efficient. 
 
Coming to the key operating matrices for the quarter on the connectivity, for the connectivity 
business RJIL, we ended the quarter ended the year at 524.4 million subscribers that was a 
net add of 9.1 million subscribers, 54% of the mobility consumers are already on 5G, they 
are consuming 5G services and as you saw in that third party reports when they consume 
5G they are consuming 5G most of the time they are mostly on 5G. Rs.214 ARPU most of 
you got it right I saw some of the reports 4% year-on-year growth in ARPU, but as you all 
know this year there was no tariff action, this is mostly coming in from organic routes. Per 
capita data consumption increased to 42.3 GB per month, and this continues to see very 
healthy growth, and we are expecting this to keep growing like this with more use cases 
coming in now within AI-enabled use cases, people watching media of course continues to 
be very popular and the monthly churn rates also reducing. So, all in all, all operating metrics 
is doing quite well and in line with what we would have expected, but the traction is building 
up more. 
 

 
 
 
 
6 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Financials for RJIL connectivity business, healthy steady growth Rs.33,381 Crores for the 
last quarter, EBITDA of Rs.18,771 Crores, so EBITDA margin improving to 56.2%, 230-basis 
point increase over the year in the EBITDA margin and revenue growing by 11.2% year-on-
year. Of course, some of the JPL revenues are growing faster than this, but this continues to 
show very high, very steady growth and even without a tariff increase. So, this is growth 
coming from new customers and more utilization by the customers. The results for JPL both 
quarterly and the full year are given here. So operating revenues of Rs.38,259 Crores that is 
a 12.6% growth year-on-year, EBITDA grew to Rs.20,060 Crores, 17.9% year-on-year and 
PAT at 7,935, 13% growth year-on-year. On full year results, on the right column there 
Rs.1,46,885 Crores as a revenue, Rs.76,255 Crores EBITDA and we crossed Rs.30,000 
Crores in PAT not necessarily a milestone, but it feels good to have crossed another 30,000 
number. With that, I will hand over to Dinesh to take you through the results for the retail 
business. 
 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:18:33 - 00:28:05 (Retail)  
 
Good evening, everyone. On the retail business, we had a pretty strong quarter. For the 
quarter, we had the highest ever revenues of Rs.98,000 Crores. In fact, normally Q3 is the 
strongest quarter for any retailer, but this time Q4 our revenue was even marginally higher 
than Q3, so overall, very good performance, 11% growth on a Y-o-Y basis for the full quarter. 
Now, if you recollect, RCPL business was demerged out in the last quarter adjusted for that, 
the growth is almost 14%, for the full year the growth is 12% and if you exclude RCPL 
demerger the growth would be even higher. EBITDA came in at Rs.6,900 Crores, EBITDA 
margin is at 7.9%. Hyperlocal commerce continues to grow pretty steadily. We had a 30% 
growth in average daily orders on a quarter-on-quarter basis, and 300% growth on a Y-o-Y 
basis. The number of registered customers continues to show healthy trend with a 11% 
growth Y-o-Y, the transactions have grown 1.93 billion for the full year, which is a 39% 
growth. So, if you look at the 12% growth in revenue versus 39% growth in transactions, that 
is because of the high frequency quick commerce orders. We opened 333 total new stores 
during the quarter and crossed the milestone of 20,000 stores during this quarter. Overall 
revenue, as I was saying, the highest ever revenue in EBITDA in the history of the company, 
revenue was at Rs.98,000 Crores, EBITDA at Rs.6,900 Crores and PAT at Rs.3,500 Crores. 
 
Across consumption baskets, just to highlight, we had pretty strong performance, I would say 
grocery and fashion were standout with good strong double-digit growth. Across all 
segments, the LFL growth was in the mid to high single digits. If we look at grocery 
specifically, we cross the milestone of 1000 big box hypermarket supermarkets. In our 
understanding, this is the fastest ever roll out any retailer globally has reached to the 
milestone of 1000 big box stores. The growth is quite broad-based across categories. There 
are some categories, which are emerging out especially with the focus of health and 
convenience. Some of the health-related categories are continuing to outperform. Metro, 
which is our B2B business again had a very good steady quarter. There is growth in average 
values driven by various programs, the investor programs that we are running. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
7 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Also, the digital platform, which is self-serve platform with the announcements that we are 
doing on the consumer experience the digital platform continues to scale very rapidly. 
JioMart, which is our hyperlocal commerce business, it has the widest reach, we are serving, 
1200 plus cities with 3100 stores, this is a combination of dark stores and walk-in stores, this 
is the widest network that any hyperlocal player has in this country. The other advantage that 
we have is these are just grocery stores; in addition, we have also put all our electronics 
stores and 1700 plus fashion stores onto the platform where we are able to offer two-hour 
delivery. Now, that is pretty unique to us because nobody has the kind of network density to 
be able to offer the service. Most people do multi categories to their dark stores, but the 
assortment is very limited. In our case, we are able to offer the entire full store assortment 
on hyperlocal basis. In addition to having our 1P catalogue, we are also expanding through 
3Ps so that wherever there are gaps in our offering the customers see a comprehensive 
proposition and they are able to shop for everything. We also launched the new version of 
the app during this quarter, most of you who might be using it would have seen the new app, 
the feedback is quite good, the conversions are better, and the values are also better. 
 
On the fashion and lifestyle business, we have healthy double-digit growth overall in the 
business with mid-single digits like-for-like growths. We did 1500 stores, which we refreshed 
during the quarter. We have added a lot of tech features like self-checkout, RFID-based 
checkouts, etc., into these stores to make them more appealing, even the brightness of the 
stores the way they are presented, the way the assortment is displayed, all of that has been 
upgraded to make them more appealing, especially for the Gen Z. We are using AI operating 
model across the entire value chain, embedding intelligence right from design selection to 
what is likely to sell the most, to having assortment, which is more scientific in nature, a tech-
enabled supply chain and omnichannel fulfillment. Wo we are using AI across the value 
chain. We are also launching several campaigns and tying up with celebrities to make sure 
that we are able to connect with the trends, which is a flagship format, has been more a 
family store, Yousta is our Gen-Z store, Azorte is our premium store. So, across those we 
are trying to connect more with the target customers, especially younger customers, to get 
them to experience our proposition. 
 
On the online side, Ajio had a pretty steady quarter. The average base values continue to 
grow in a pretty healthy manner. We have an industry leading average bill values. Our own 
brands, which is our big differentiator because these brands and many of these are pretty 
large brands, including international brands that we have in our portfolio, they continue to 
gain traction, and they are a big differentiator because these brands are not available 
anywhere else on any other platform. Ajio Rush, we have expanded pretty significantly this 
is a four-hour delivery promise and that is now available in 600 plus cities. So, this is a curated 
assortment in each micro market, and we are able to deliver whatever you order within four 
hours. Shein continues to have strong momentum. The app installs continue to scale pretty 
rapidly. We have already scaled the number of options; we are launching 1000 new options 
per day. These are small drops, high width of options. Now we have achieved critical scale. 
We are also kind of investing now in promoting the brand and this is showing good traction. 
Premium brands again had a pretty healthy quarter with pretty strong high single digit same 
store sales growth. Multiple categories were driving the performance including Premium 
Menswear, Eyewear and Kid’s wear. We entered into an exclusive partnership with the Kurt 

 
 
 
 
8 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Geiger, it is a Premium British footwear and accessories brand, so it adds to our portfolio. 
We have the largest portfolio of international premium brands in the country, and there are 
several other exciting opportunities in the pipeline. Ajio Luxe had again a pretty healthy 
growth. The brand portfolio grew 24% on a Y-o-Y basis, with option counts going up 11%. 
Many of the brands which are available on Ajio Luxe, our brands, where we have exclusive 
rights and they are only available on Ajio Luxe so that is a big differentiator for the platform, 
and these are brands which are very well sought after by customers. 
 
Jewels business had a pretty healthy quarter with a healthy quarter, average bill values going 
up by 53% on a Y-o-Y basis. The grammage has gone down a little bit but not substantially, 
which means that the business is seeing pretty strong growth. Diamond jewelry that 
continues to gain traction. We have been trying pretty hard and over the last few quarters the 
share of diamond has been increasing, which does help in improving margins as well. On the 
consumer electronics business, again a pretty healthy quarter, the digital India sale, we had 
our first ever 500 crore sales in a single day. The overall 30% Y-o-Y growth during that period. 
The growth was again quite broad-based across laptops, mobiles, televisions. ResQ which 
is our big differentiator we have now presence across 1600 plus locations where we are able 
to fulfill the promise of most cities, same day installation and delivery otherwise same day 
delivery and next day installation. Our B2B business JMD again, we have got to a critical 
mass of retailers where we are present, and the focus is on improving the wallet share there 
and the number of times they purchase and how much of their demand we are able to service.  
Mobiles continues to be the mainstay for this, but other categories, especially TVs and IT-
rated categories also continue to do well. So, beyond mobiles we have been able to expand 
the offering. Yes, that is a quick update on the retail. 
 
 
Sh Ashutosh Goyal 00:28:18 - 00:33:02 (FMCG) 
 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. From an FMCG business perspective, we closed our 
revenue of Rs.22,000 Crores in 2026 and for the Q4 alone, we delivered a revenue of 
Rs.7350 Crores, both these are two times growth on the similar period for the last year. In 
terms of Campa brand, we delivered a revenue of Rs.4700 Crores making it fourth largest 
carbonated soft drink brands in the country in a very short span of time. Independence our 
essential brand delivered a revenue of Rs.2600 Crores for the year and became one of the 
most promising and trusted brand in the country. Our package drinking water business is 
growing and scaling up very fast right now, and we have become third largest water player 
in the country. We started following into our international business last year, and this year we 
have our presence in 40 countries. In terms of the category performances, we saw categories 
growing across the board. So, beverages grew by about 3.2 times over the last year, and this 
was primarily led by the supply chain expansion and strong execution in the market. In terms 
of daily essentials, we grew by about 1.6 times over the last year led by our brand 
Independence and certain new acquisitions like Udhaiyam and Manna. 
 
On HPC categories, we have launched new products under brands like Velvette and scaled 
up brands like Glimmer under the soaps category. Food saw positive tractions across the 
subcategories like biscuits, confectionery snacks and other processed foods. To really scale 

 
 
 
 
9 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
up the business, we are investing into manufacturing capabilities, and we intend to become 
one of the largest manufacturers of cooldrinks in the country. We are continuing to expand 
and have almost 12 plants across India, and we will continue to expand as the business 
grows. From a food park perspective, we are setting up certain integrated food parks, which 
can manufacture multi category products, which will help us in driving cost efficiencies and 
integrated operations. None of this scale would have been delivered without distribution 
depth. So, we are now servicing the Indian market through 5000 plus distributors and about 
3 million outlets. We are also expanding our category presence in newer markets like 
packaged foods, we have entered into North East, West Bengal and Bihar, etc. While we 
entered into the international markets last year, we would like to continue to expand our 
presence into the international markets by following into the newer markets as well as 
expanding our reach into the existing markets. In terms of the marketing, we had a 360-
degree approach in terms of marketing campaigns across activities. So, we had mass media 
activations, which is led by certain activities like IPL 25 and T20 World Cup. We have also 
partnered with some of the influential celebrities to amplify our brand presence across India. 
On digital side, we are using certain categories for social media first campaigns, and this is 
helping us to reach consumers faster. We are also investing in activating our outlets at the 
ground level to make the reach and presence visible to the consumers. In the last quarter, 
we made certain investments and M&A acquisitions, this is primarily two categories. One 
was Goodness Group, which is an Australian based company. They are into functional 
beverages and health-based drinks.  
 
This is really helping us in terms of following into a category which is going at a very fast 
pace. We also acquired a 100% stake in a company which is Tamil Nadu based and which 
is have a brand called Manna. They are into millet-based products and again, this is a fast-
growing category and will help us and complement our current portfolio. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Ishan Chatterjee 00:33:17 – 00:42:16 (JioStar) 
 
Hi everyone. I will walk through the details of the JioStar business now. We had a very strong 
Q4, and I would like to call your attention to maybe two things on this page. The first is the 
sheer scale that JioStar is now operating at. As you can see from the slide, we achieved a 
monthly active user reach of 550 million people in March, and that was driven by a very 
strong lineup of sports, but also on the entertainment side. On the sports side, the big 
property that we had, as you can see on the right-hand side, is the T20 World Cup. We also, 
in the T20 World Cup, broke a world record for the maximum number of concurrent streams 
at the same time, at 72.5 million, the previous record was held by a global company that the 
record was 65 million across the globe, across multiple markets. We did 72.5 million in India 
alone during the World Cup. The other thing I wanted to call out was, if you look at the chart 
that you see in the middle of the page, even when we do not have marquee cricket like World 
Cup, you can see that we are hitting on average now, a steady number of over 400 million 
MAUs, which is a reflection of the scale of our platform. The second thing that I wanted to 
call out from this last quarter is that we made foundational bets on technology and on AI 
driven technologies, in particular, to make sure that we are competitive in a very increasingly 
technology-led marketplace and I wanted to call out three examples like this. All three are 

 
 
 
 
10 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
currently available on JioHotstar so if you have not tried these three things, please try it 
whenever you have some time. The first one is called Tadka that is our launch of micro-
content, we have launched it over 100 shows, and we are one of the few platforms globally 
that has both horizontal content as well as vertical content in a way that meets multiple 
consumer needs. The second is a deep product integration that we did with OpenAI’s 
ChatGPT, which has transformed the search functionality within the app. So earlier on, if you 
wanted to search, you would have to go in and type something. We have now switched that 
to voice, and the integration that we have done with ChatGPT is also very good at recognizing 
Indian accents, and especially regional languages and regional dialects and the third one 
that I wanted to call out is actually live today and live right now as an IPL game is going on 
and that is in app commerce integration with Swiggy. This is our first ever content commerce 
integration at this scale and the idea is while you are watching a game, especially if it is 
happening at around 7 to 10:00 at night, you can also order food, get the food delivered, and 
complete the entire transaction within the app itself without ever leaving. So, these are three 
big initiatives that we launched in the last quarter. If I look at what was driving some of that 
performance, I will start with sports. These are the three big properties that drove a lot of our 
engagement through the quarter. We started off with the Women’s Premier League on the 
right-hand side this is on the back of a very successful Women’s World Cup that our team 
went and won. You will see a growth of 20% in overall reach and a watch time growth of 80% 
over the previous WPL so that gives you an idea of the momentum that the women's game 
is seeing. That was followed by the T20 World Cup that I just covered. In addition to the peak 
concurrency record that I spoke about briefly, we also achieved an overall platform growth of 
30% growth in reach over the previous World Cup that was held in the US, and a lot of that 
momentum flowed into IPL. For IPL, the opening weekend was the largest viewership 
weekend we have ever seen on IPL and as of yesterday, this is up till yesterday's CSK-MI 
match. We are seeing a 15% growth in our overall reach and a 27% growth in connected TV 
reach. This is where you consume the JioHotstar app on your smart TV. On the entertainment 
side, we also had a lot of success across the various content portfolio that that we took to 
market. The first, of course, is Bigg Boss itself. We saw a 40% growth in digital watch over 
the last season across all the editions. We had a very strong slate of originals as well. 
Chiraiya, for example, turned out to be the most viewed short run show in Q4, and since then 
become one of the most watched shows on our platform. from an unscripted or reality TV 
perspective.  
 
If you look at those two titles there, Splitsvilla is in its 16th season and despite that, we were 
able to double watch time this year over the previous season. We also launched a new reality 
TV format called the 50, which delivered the biggest ever season premiere on JioHotstar. 
So, if I was to summarize the highlights of JioStar business in Q4, as I already covered, our 
overall reach is now at approximately 500 million growing 10% quarter-on-quarter. We also 
had a very strong paid subscriber growth, driven primarily by marquee Sports, which is 
originally the WPL, and then, of course, the T20 World Cup and I already covered some of 
the new initiatives that you can see on the app. On the sports piece itself, in addition to the 
World Cup becoming the most watched T20 tournament ever, we also recorded the highest 
ever monetization of the T20 World Cup, driven by strong advertiser depth as well as 
expansion into multiple categories. This is despite the RMG ban, real-money gaming ban 
that we saw during the previous calendar year, and we had continued momentum going into 

 
 
 
 
11 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
IPL where we delivered, as I said, the biggest ever Opening Day weekend in terms of 
viewership. In entertainment, our linear TV share now stands at 34.7%, almost in line with 
the next three networks combined. Our digital entertainment watch time grew by 35% and on 
the back of that, we also saw record growth in digital entertainment ad revenues driven by a 
much wider client base as well as very strong monetization and some of those impact 
properties that I shared with you. Finally, in terms of the financials, as you can see, we had 
a strong revenue growth this year a lot of that was driven by subscription revenue momentum 
across the board. In terms of the ad revenues themselves, we saw very strong ad revenues 
in the sports business overall, and also specifically in the digital ad revenue business. The 
TV entertainment ad revenue remained under some pressure, especially due to spend cuts 
that we saw on the FMCG side. But through careful cost management of the P&L, we were 
also able to deliver industry leading annual EBITDA margins. 
 
I am also going to cover Jio Studios and the point that I would make over here. This is just 
an example of the slate that Jio Studios has brought to the market. I am sure many people 
over here would have seen Dhurandhar, which is the biggest movie now, not only from the 
studios, but in the industry overall. But we also wanted to call out some of the other marquee 
titles, all of which have been performing very well. So, Dhurandhar as you have read in the 
press is now a Rs.1000 Crores plus franchise per film, crossing 40% of India's overall box 
office. And it is also the highest ever grossing Indian film overseas. If what Anshuman is 
saying is true, I please encourage all of you to see it. It is a fantastic movie. And also, in 
addition to the movie itself, it also was one of the biggest music albums of 2025. And also, 
the sequel is now the biggest music album of 2026. You can see some of the performance 
that you see across the global music platforms, including Spotify, and in terms of the number 
of views, that is 40 billion plus views, which is a lot. Finally, on the back of that, Jio Studios 
is now the largest content studio in India by revenue, by catalog size, as well as with box 
office share. You can see here a number of the different blockbuster hits that the studio has 
presented, and the industry also has rewarded the studio with over 500 plus awards across 
its content slate, including Oscar nominee Laapataa Ladies from a couple of years ago. 
 
 
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta 00:42:34 - 01:00:41 (Refining & Marketing, Oil to Chemicals) 
 
All of you, I hope I am audible.  
 
So, we will talk about the O2C, the operating environment wise. I think, in fact, everyone is 
seeing the oil market closely and reading about it. So crude market now this probably slide 
would sound a bit, anachronistic in the sense what are you talking about Brent crude of 70.3 
or gasoil crack of 23.6 and all that. This is the average for the year. So that is why it looks 
like this. But otherwise, all of you are familiar. We will get to that as well. So, during the last 
year, of course, the crude market remained oversupplied most of the year. Both US and EU 
sanctions on Russia have been tightened throughout the period. And if you look at the refining 
part of it, it has been structurally tight, of course and then demand has been pretty strong at 
about 0.8. On the downstream sector of course, more will be covered in the latest slides by 
Mr. Amit Chaturvedi but ethane economics where one bright spot remain favorable. There 
are a lot of challenges around the Middle East conflict, but that is towards the fag end of the 

 
 
 
 
12 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
year that we have seen this happen. So, to sum up, strong fuel cracks because of supply 
tightness is what we have seen throughout the year in terms of the refining business and 
downstream margins they remain under pressure. Impact of the Middle East conflict and 
what actions RIL has taken is covered in this slide. Supply of course we know that SOH is 
pretty important maybe more than 20% of the world's oil actually comes through the Strait of 
Hormuz. So that has been hit. So, most of you are aware that there are a few countries, 
which have outlets like Saudi Arabia from Yanbu not the entire volume, but part of the volume 
can move out from the west, which they have implemented. Then UAE about half of its 
production it has a pipeline from Fujairah, where you can actually load. It is technically outside 
the Strait of Hormuz. The other Middle Eastern countries, which have some outlets, of course, 
Oman is completely outside the Strait of Hormuz that crude flows and then Iraq has some 
from the Port of Ceyhan in Turkey. So those are the countries which have an outlet. 
Otherwise, the rest has to come through Strait of Hormuz. So, other than their own refining 
and all that, people have had to close down their production or regulate it rather, I would say. 
So, the cut is estimated at about 10 million barrels per day now. Some people say 9.1 
different analysts have different numbers, but that is the order of the supply cut that has 
happened. 
 
How have we made up this cut because there is not so much of oil coming from the rest of 
the world. I think IEA have announced the release of 400 million barrels. That is over a 3-to-
4-month cycle so maybe about 3.5 to 4 million barrels per day getting made up from there so 
significant shortage of oil in the market. In terms of transit because ships which are already 
there. This includes crude and product. So, the transit wise is down from about 20 million 
barrels earlier to about 4 million barrels. Sometimes this may not be absolutely accurate 
because earlier we were calling something the shadow fleet, where they were putting off their 
AIS and coming through. Now, even legitimate tankers are doing that to avoid the Iranian 
hits. So sometimes accurate number may not be there, but this is the kind of estimate that 
we have seen. Dubai crude has surged to $168 never before kind of a price. So, I was talking 
about the earlier slide. We were talking about 70, which people would laugh at. So actually, 
the price actually went up to about 168. LNG price also went up to about $27 per MMBtu for 
a few days. So, these are the kind of situation which we have never seen, totally 
unprecedented in the world. Never have we seen even during the Iran-Iraq crisis or anything 
like that, this kind of shortage in the market. What is the refining capacity offline in the Middle 
East is about 3 million barrels per day. And all of you know that even in the East, a lot of 
refineries because they are not having adequate crude and all that, have cut back some of 
their capacity, that is another 3 million barrels of capacity closure. So, this is the Middle East 
particularly. And then there is a little more capacity outside. Again, naphtha, large amounts 
of naphtha actually flow out of the Middle East to the crackers. So that is a crisis which Amit 
will cover in more detail and on the utilization also he will cover, so I am not getting it. 
 
This is the situation everyone knows about. What have we tried to do differently? So, one is 
we have been pretty agile. We have lost a significant volume, maybe 40% to 50% of the 
volume which is required for the refinery was incidentally coming from, the Middle East, not 
everything from SOH, but a significant volume coming SOH. So, we had to quickly, work on 
this to overcome this limitation so that we do not have a sharp cut in our refinery throughput. 

 
 
 
 
13 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So, we have been able to, I would say, successfully get a lot of the cargoes from different 
places and these include Venezuela, Russia, Brazil, and Mexico.  
 
So, we have been talking for several years that we have processed more than 200 grades of 
crude oil in our refining system. That is the kind of flexibility which we had. That stood in good 
stead, I would say, in this particular incident, because we have had relationships right from 
Canada, South America, America, then Middle East, West Africa, all the places, so we could 
actually get that crude in and we could ensure that more or less we were running our refinery 
at close to capacity. There was some minor equipment issues and all which we faced in the 
refinery. So, a little bit of throughput here and there, but I would say fairly there on top. 
 
On the feedstock of course Mr. Amit will cover that, and we also placed the petroleum 
products into the domestic market. We have increased our LPG supplies to the domestic 
market almost fourfold and also on our R-series gas, which Mr. Sanjay Roy will cover. He will 
advise on that, but we have also increased the gas availability to the domestic market.  
 
Financial performance wise for the year 2025-2026 again, strong performance, revenue 
growth of close to 5.7% and EBITDA of growth of 10% and this is again despite the 
geopolitical and trade pressures that were there. Now geopolitical issues in March, we know 
but actually there have been geopolitical issues around the year. We are familiar with that 
and the reason why the EBITDA is up is largely the cracks. Okay. They are up significantly. 
Feedstock and product placement, I have given you some examples of what we have done. 
We have done it around the year, but it was very critical during March to really make things 
happen. And we have managed to ensure that refinery is supplied fully. Downstream margins 
were a bit weak, will be covered a little more in the next section. So domestic demand has 
been pretty stable. Of course, all of you know, and probably there will be questions around a 
lot of under recoveries there but gasoline at 6.5% growth, gasoil 3.6 and the petrochemical 
products also reasonably strong growth. 
 
For the quarter, largest energy shock I have already mentioned about it. Availability was a 
challenge. We did many things to ensure that the refineries are supplied the full crude oil. 
Now most of the people may be just looking at yes, the cracks have gone up. It is very 
important to note that the premium on the crude, the freight and the insurance costs have 
probably skyrocketed. Okay, if you look at the price of, let us say the freight, freight costs 
easily 10 to 15 times the freight that you normally see. Okay, that is the range to which the 
freight has gone up. Premiums what typically OSPs and all of you are monitoring a couple of 
dollars here and there for Saudi Arabia over the benchmarks. They have sold cargoes 
themselves. We hear anywhere between $20 and $30 a barrel. And for May they have set 
the price at $20 premium. So that is the kind of increase that has happened in the premium 
and insurance because of the warlike situation, it has been all over the place, maybe $25,000 
to $30,000 what we were paying earlier has gone all the way up to, 6, 5 little more also 
depending upon which insurance company you are dealing with, that is kind of insurance 
premium. So practically from a few thousands it has gone all the way to millions of dollars. 
So, all these have been a bit of a drag in terms of capturing the entire margin that one would 
have liked to and SAED, of course, at the fag-end of the year, we have had introduction of 
SAED, effective 27 March 2026, we have the SAED also.  

 
 
 
 
14 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Now we have had to because the requirement of LPG in the country is pretty high and we 
are very import dependent. We actually had to increase our LPG fourfold, as I mentioned, 
and Mr. Sanjay Roy will cover little more on this. Polymer deltas have been a little weaker 
because of the very elevated feedstock price. So are the margin capture, I have already 
mentioned that the premiums on crude and other things need to be reckoned. Freight also 
generally has been very high. Ethane has been kind of a robust feedstock. I think it has been 
mentioned repeatedly in this forum on over several quarters that stood as an, good position 
and the high polyester margins. This is the some of the physical parameters that we look at. 
Throughput wise, I told you 20.3 is what we did in the previous year. Now it is about 19.5 and 
this was possible through agile sourcing. The way we went around the world, scouted, 
scrambled around and got the cargoes. Operationally, we have done the maximum kind of 
gasifier output.  
 
So, in a situation where there is, fuel costs have skyrocketed this is a pretty important point 
that it helped us in reducing our external purchase of fuel. Transportation fuels, again 
corresponding to 12, it is about 11. We have a lot of time charter vessels in our fleet, both for 
crude and products. That has helped us somewhat dampen the impact of the very high freight 
rates and aromatics production where possible we have tried to increase it to capture the 
higher margins. So, these are, again, some figures on the cracks. If you look at the Brent 
price, again, this is year-on-year about 7% up at 80.6. Gasoil cracks have gone up to $35.4. 
Gasoline cracks are down $5.6 and ATF again up at $36.3. I think reasons are pretty obvious. 
Refinery run cuts happened, Middle East refineries were shut down. 
 
We have actually had a situation where product was actually coming from, typically most of 
the middle distillate flow from Asia and the Middle East to Europe, but we have actually had 
flows coming towards Asia Pacific all in the last few months of the quarter. So those are the 
few changes, which have happened and that is the reason why these cracks are so high. 
Demand wise between the last quarter of Q4 2025 and Q4 2026, demand is slightly up 102.7 
to 103.4. And if you look at the gasoline demand, it is 26.9 to 27.1 slightly up. Diesel is more 
like 28.9 to remain flat, whereas ATF slightly down from 7.9 to 7.8. Definitely there is an 
impact of what happened in March in this picture. Domestic market of course, we are all 
insulated from price volatility, not actually insulated because we import 80% of our crude oil, 
but the policy is such that we are insulated because of which demand is pretty robust. It has 
grown at 2.7% year-on-year. Gasoline demand is up by 7%, diesel demand by 5% and ATF 
demand by 3%. So, demand has grown here in the country. Of course, the impact was more 
only in March, maybe we will see the impact as we go forward. RBML again, a good story of 
growth. We have been presenting every quarter that they have been growing pretty strongly. 
So, volume growth is almost 27% up. Market effectiveness also improved 1.99 and 2.67 for 
gasoline and diesel. Retail outlets are up I think 50 or 60 outlets up from last quarter. Charge 
points are up. E-mobility also about increase of 5%, and CBG and CNG is another area we 
are focusing on, and it is up by 65%. ATF is stagnant, one can say at about 5.9%. So, these 
are largely what have happened on RBML, which is our JV for retailing. 
 
So just to give, I mean to conclude and talk about these ones, what do we see going forward? 
I think there has been damage to infrastructure. The extent of it probably will be assessed 
when things come down a bit, but there is definitely infrastructure that has been hit and going 

 
 
 
 
15 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
forward we expect to see lower capacities on production as well as on refining both is what 
we understand based on the situation. Demand because of the high oil prices, though, we 
have not increased prices yet I mean, we have not increased the prices of fuels. About 50 to 
60 countries in the world have increased prices. Refining infrastructure is constrained, like I 
mentioned, because of this, refineries being hit also in the Middle East. Fuel cracks, this 
situation being what it is and the fear like say Red Sea navigation has been affected long 
after the Houthis have stopped actually attacking ships. So once there is an attack, there is 
always this fear and as far as merchant ships are concerned, they are very concerned. 
Insurance companies are very concerned. So, there will be some impact of all these factors. 
Market also will be considering these factors. So, we think cracks may remain strong for 
some time to come with damage to refinery as well as all these concerns being there. 
Reintroduction of SAED is something which we have to reckon with. It was there during 2022 
also and they have reintroduced it and two tranches have also been announced. So that is 
some a risk that is there in the business which we will have to take. So, what are our strengths 
under the circumstances? High complexity we are able to process like I mentioned, more 
than 200 grades of different feed stocks we have been able to source and process. I 
mentioned about the kind of spread in terms of the geography, starting from Canada all the 
way up to Middle East, Africa, Europe, all the places we are able to acquire crude. Asset 
operation, excellence in operations all that also ensures that we have a very high utilization 
and reliability, and we have an end-to-end value chain and since we have a footprint overseas 
to all these, help us capture the value in the supply chain. So, with this, I will conclude and I 
will ask my colleague Mr. Amit Chaturvedi to take over. Thank you. 
 
 
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 01:00:53 – 01:09:43 (Petrochemicals, Oil to Chemicals) 
 
Thanks Srini. As Srini mentioned, quite a topsy-turvy quarter. The last one, especially the 
last month of the quarter, last month of the financial year, March, when Strait of Hormuz got 
blocked.  
 
Now, Middle East typically accounts for 13% of the ethylene capacity and 25% of the global 
commodity chemicals exports, which is like polyethylene, styrene, polypropylene, a whole lot 
of methanol, a whole lot of chemicals. But the main things the two major, most important 
things, 3.8 million tonnes of naphtha flows out of this Strait every month and about huge 
amount of polyethylene also comes out from the ports of Jebel Ali, from Kuwait, from Abu 
Dhabi, a lot of ports, all these actually got blocked.  
 
Several Middle East and even Asian facilities, because most of the beneficiaries of this 
naphtha flow are the Asian industry, Asian crackers all over the place in Taiwan, Korea, 
Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, they all got badly impacted because of the feedstock shortages 
and also the fuel gas shortages also because Qatar Energy, one of the largest suppliers of 
LNG in this part of the world, declared a force majeure.  
 
It got hit by the missiles from Iran, and it declared a force majeure on entire 77 million tons 
of LNG operation. Crackers, of course, as I said, they got starved, started starving for feeds, 
Taiwan, Singapore, PCS and many others actually.  These three are just the three names, 

 
 
 
 
16 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
but the whole lot of industry got impacted because of this naphtha shortage and the operating 
rate, ethylene operating rate in this part of the world dropped from 80% to 60%. 
 
This happened sometime around later part of the March, because initially whatever had 
started to flow on 28th February 2026 from this part of the world and had crossed Hormuz, it 
was reaching far East Asia until the middle of the March.  
 
Asia imports, as I said, about 50% to 60% of naphtha and 55% LPG from Middle East. Talking 
annual numbers and as Srini also mentioned, these numbers look a little odd because these 
are all annual numbers. Naphtha price is 726, they were up 13% year-on-year basis. Ethane 
prices were more or less flat, slightly lower 14% down 23. The base is low so that is why I 
said slightly. It is about 14% down. Polyethylene and PP deltas with naphtha were weaker 
because of the very firm naphtha prices. PVC was up about 2% because of flattish EDC, and 
polyester chain was up 16%, primarily because paraxylene was doing very well in this quarter 
compared to the same quarter last year and that resulted in the polyester chain deltas and 
we counted starting from the paraxylene and MEG right up to the three polyesters that we 
make.  
 
Ethane prices were pretty flat because while this part of the world was in complete turmoil, 
the US was sitting quite pretty peaceful and ethane being a commodity, which is very hard 
wired, so it is not driven by demand pulls because of supply disruptions. There are people 
who are designated buyers, there are people who are designated sellers and a very tight 
infrastructure supply chain is established. So, this remained quite stable.  
 
Naphtha prices, of course, increased 13% year-on-year and the effect of that is shown in this 
slide where in this quarter calendar 2026, first quarter while the ethane to ethylene margins 
remains pretty healthy but ethylene to naphtha margins actually went severely negative 
because of very high strong naphtha prices and of course as I have said earlier, also in these 
meetings, our feedstock is roughly about 75% of the line comes from non-naphtha sources. 
So, this situation was pretty good to be situation for us. 
 
In terms of demand growth, polyethylene and polypropylene grew 3%. PVC was down 10% 
primarily because a lot of PVC goes in pipe applications and as we all know, almost like 65% 
of PVC in the country is imported. And these are special pipe grade material which used to 
come from Middle East beyond Hormuz, which got disrupted and therefore the demand was 
impacted because of that. Fiber was more or less decent at 5%. Polyester overall was 1%. 
Filament was slightly weaker, but staple and PET demands were pretty healthy in the last 
quarter. PET of course, it is the beginning of the summer season, so the bottle industry starts 
asking for the demand, and that is what remained healthy. 
 
Talking about business dynamics, feedstock availability and logistics constraint disruptions 
we are still in the state of shock. Srini also mentioned about it. A lot of fuel and a lot of feed 
supplies are under disruption. Non-integrated plants across Asia and EU have been both 
vulnerable and because of this vulnerability, we have seen sharp reduction in operating rates 
in both regions of the world.  
 

 
 
 
 
17 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
This could result in accelerated recovery of the cycle which in last couple of years and last 
couple of quarters, we have been talking that naphtha cracking margins have been under 
severe stress. Exemption from customs duty on key petrochemical products, which was 
announced by government, and this is for this quarter because of the sudden sharp rise and 
to ensure that the end sector demand is not impacted, it was done. It is valid till end of this 
quarter and now, since the prices are slightly getting moderated from the peaks that they had 
seen, this is likely to get revoked in the second quarter hopefully. Domestic demand for 
downstream chemicals continues to be influenced by availability and price, because even 
today, as we are talking, there have been a lot of disruptions not only in the region, but also 
within the country itself. 
 
Quite a few of capacity today remains impacted because of the feedstock and the fuel 
shortages. Talking about our strengths and priorities. Deep integration with the refinery 
streams and as Srini showed, our refineries have been operating pretty close to their capacity 
levels. So as far as our petchem feeds are concerned, we have been pretty secured in that 
term. On naphtha of course, our capacity of producing naphtha is significantly higher than 
what we consume.  
 
So, we have not had that concern. Off-gases we continue to receive them from the refinery 
and ethane which comes from US has remained unimpacted because of all these disruptions. 
So virtual ethane pipeline remains intact. Our VLECs continue to operate. Of course, last 
couple of quarters, they have all been coming through Cape of Good Hope because of the 
Suez Canal remaining blocked but that remains intact and it has been as for the last four to 
five quarters or a little more actually. Priority, of course our key priority is going to be 
accelerated project execution. We are in the midst of two very large projects, the vinyl project 
and the PTA project. Their execution, timely execution is key priority for us, and demand is 
we believe demand is likely to be resilient for the products considering the fact that whole lot 
of the products they get consumed in end applications, which are quite price inelastic. I will 
request Karan to cover the next slides. 
 
 
Sh Karan Suri 01:09:54 – 1:13:48 (New Energy) 
 
Thank you so much. For the New Energy let me actually this time, will start from the revenue 
first. We had a very significant event in the last quarter where we have signed probably one 
of the world's largest green ammonia supply contract with Samsung C&T. This effectively 
demonstrates the confidence that the off-takers have in our integrated green energy and 
green chemicals ecosystem. And the development work, which is already happening on the 
ground. This is one of the very one of the first supply contracts that we have signed and 
obviously we are in advanced discussions with the number of off-takers from Japan, Korea 
and Europe. So, you will see more announcements.  
 
Walking backwards effectively from revenue, there is a significant work which is now 
happening on our generation site at the Kutch where we are developing this solar generation 
around the clock renewable energy generation complex, which is progressing rapidly. The 

 
 
 
 
18 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
entire land development project development work is progressing. The detailed engineering 
work is already at full speed for the entire 12 parcels of 5.3 lakh acres of land.  
 
On the transmission side as many of you may already be aware, we have already awarded 
the EPC contracts, and the construction is progressing on both the lines. First is from Kutch 
to Lakadia substation and the second is Kutch to Jamnagar captive line that we are setting 
up 765 Kw.  
 
We have also started work at rapid pace at Jamnagar for the green chemicals complex, 
where the detailed engineering, fabrication, modularization work is happening at good speed 
for green hydrogen, green ammonia trains. Walking backwards to the Giga factories and 
where I have been continuously giving you update over the last few quarters.  
 
The commissioning of various factories, both solar and battery again are progressing at good 
pace. Module and cell which has already been commissioned, number of lines. We have 
achieved the ALMM listing for both the module and the cell, the first for HJT lines in the 
country and the work on commissioning of polysilicon, ingot, wafer, solar cell and glass 
continue to progress well and we aim to commission these factories in next few quarters. As 
I had already mentioned last time, we have expanded the capacity to 20 gigawatt, fully 
integrated capacity. So, all the commissioning work, the Giga factories are progressing 
towards achieving that capacity.  
 
On the battery as again, I had mentioned last time that we are now scaling the capacity to 
100 gigawatt hours, where the equipment, the production line, equipment orders have 
already been placed.  
 
That effectively makes us one of the largest non-China LFP manufacturer globally, which is 
significant in this current environment, especially when there has been a significant volatility 
in lithium carbonate price leading to the battery price volatility. The first phase of 40-gigawatt 
manufacturing of BESS and the battery cell again is progressing at a rapid pace. We already 
got the equipments on site.  
 
The building construction is progressing rapidly at different stages and progressively we will 
start commissioning this capacity during the year. I have a certain incredible photos this time, 
especially from the manufacturing, but I thought that maybe next time we will present a much 
more comprehensive view with the pictures from Jamnagar and the Kutch for the analyst. 
Thank you. With that, I will hand it over to Sanjay. 
 
 
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 01:14:00 – 01:20:15 (Exploration & Production) 
 
Good evening, everyone. Let me just give you a recap of the quarter gone by. So, the 
production was pretty steady. Essentially, we are still managing the decline. It is much lower 
than what we had envisaged but there is a decline. We had expected about 12% to 14% 
decline as against that we are getting about, we are being able to manage it to 8% decline. 
 

 
 
 
 
19 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
So that is reflected in the production figures. Overall, if you look at it on the EBITDA number 
as well as EBITDA margins, now EBITDA margins are slightly lower than the previous 
quarters only because in terms of the operating costs, they have been slightly higher. There 
are two components. One is we are doing refurbishment activities for asset integrity purposes 
so painting of the CRC and offshore platforms and so on. Also, to some extent the 
government labor have been slightly higher this time around, but as we continue to invest in 
workovers and in additional wells and further in both in the R cluster and the MGA field for 
which we expect the rig to come later this year. This should all even out.  
 
Overall, we see the CBM field continues to grow in production. So, we see that in the CBM 
production figures. Our price again the ceiling price is applicable. Now we have revised the 
price at this time around but overall, we see that with the changes that are in the global 
scenario that we are seeing, the prices if not in this half but the half later we will see the 
impact. I will talk about that in detail. All right. Just, again we spoke about the overall annual 
but also in terms of the quarterly performance, we can see consistently the production decline 
in KG-D6 but again, we are making the efforts to stabilize that decline and with further 
activities that are planned for augmentation of production, we should be able to offset the 
decline to some extent.  
 
Again, if we look at CBM, it is higher in production, and we will continue with the 40 multilateral 
wells that we have been drilling because they have been giving us the higher productivity as 
we have seen. In terms of price realization, yes, it is slightly lower year-on-year because, 
again, because of the ceiling price largely, which is both in the in KD6 and CBM yes and 
again it is market driven. CBM does not have any ceiling price. 
 
Just to give you a perspective, I think everybody's heard about the Strait of Hormuz by now 
and the impacts that we are having on the global supplies, as well as the price outlook. Now, 
as you have been seeing, the LNG prices have been hovering around, before the escalation, 
before the war broke out, around $11 to $12 or maximum, up to $13 but then with the impact 
of the war on the Qatar field, the Ras Laffan and the two trains being impacted out of the 14 
trains, so that has affected 70% of the capacity. What that implies is that as the Qataris are 
mentioning, that it may take them almost five years to bring that back.  
 
So that is capacity that is not there. Meanwhile, we were always aware that the current global 
capacities is about 450 million tons, however, we were expecting to see a capacity additions 
based on the FIDs that had taken place in the US of about 200 million tons playing over the 
next seven to eight quarters. Now, this would offset that and what we expect is that in the 
near term, prices will still remain elevated. But again, the overall as new capacity comes 
online, you would offset that elevated prices.  
 
But overall, we still see the trend would be towards not being as impacted as what was 
envisaged earlier. So, we still believe that the capacity that has gone down to some extent 
will offset the impact of the glut. The Indian gas market as you are all aware, the LNG imports 
are anywhere in the range of 50 to 55%, 60% of that comes from Qatar. Now with two trains 
not being available certainly that impacts Indian markets. As far as KG-D6 is concerned there 
was a notification by the government to reallocate it to the city gas distribution, which we 

 
 
 
 
20 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
have done in the interest in larger public interest. So currently, as far as prices are concerned, 
we are getting near to maximum of the ceiling price. So, the ceiling price itself has been 
revised to about $8.9 per MMBtu. So overall, just to give you a sense. So, because of the 
war, we expect prices to be a little bit better than what we had envisaged prior, but we also 
making all the efforts possible to augment the production both from KG-D6 and CBM. Thank 
you. 
 
 
Q&A Session (01:20:17 – 01:47:40) 
 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities) 
 
Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. A couple of questions with respect to the refinery operation 
first up. Now, my understanding is if alternate crudes continue to be sort of the only option 
that we have, the dispute sustains for a while longer, now the chemical composition of crudes 
from the US and Africa and even Venezuela are markedly different in terms of sulfur content, 
API and others. So, how much of distillate yield can actually change because obviously, US 
crudes and Venezuelan crudes are geared towards more of light distillates. I think Russian 
and Middle East crudes are obviously something that are more optimal from our Indian 
distillate yield perspective, so do you see that as a risk at all? If, those are the only crudes 
that are available for us? 
 
Company Speaker (Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
So Venezuelan crude typically tends to be very heavy. It is a very heavy oil, and US of course 
is lighter crude. Canadian is heavy. Then we have South American crudes from let us say 
Colombia, Ecuador, which are heavy. And we have mentioned in the past that one of the 
unique features of our refinery is actually processing heavy crude oil. So, the re-entry of 
Venezuela actually is at one time, we were taking a lot of Venezuelan crude. So that is 
actually a positive for us. Now, what is the lookalike for the Middle East grades is actually 
Urals from Russia. It is a great and then from the east, there are also some lighter barrels 
which come from the Russian pack. So, I think we do not foresee too much of a problem in 
terms of the composition of crude. So, what we do in the refineries, we blend the light, 
medium, heavy and then process it. So, we do not see that as a constraint because Russia 
is very much like a lookalike to the Middle Eastern crudes. Sulfur wise and gravity wise we 
are okay. And we have a preference for some of these heavy barrels. So, we kind of designed 
to take care of that. I hope that answers. 
 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities) 
 
The second question that I had, Sir, was with respect to the fuel retail, where I think it was 
mentioned very clearly that we have unlike earlier occasions when margins were turned 
negative, operations would be curtailed. We have managed to continue our operations. But 
is there some sort of a level at which we sort of look at then, sort of price increases, because 
obviously losses are significant even for us, I would presume, in this quarter. So how are we 
looking at that business in terms of? 

 
 
 
 
21 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
So, I think we have actually increased our sales substantially when you look at previous year 
versus current year, we are talking of, double digit or even 20 type of growth. So, the pain is 
definitely there. We are about 4% to 5 % of the market like I was showing market share wise. 
So, there is some pain, but we have to look at the long-term picture. What we have done is 
we said that there would be phases when it is kind of not so good and then there would be 
phases when it is growing. So, what we have to look at is slightly longer term rather than just 
from quarter to quarter. So, while there is some pain in domestic marketing of fuels, PSUs 
take a fairly large burden of that because they have 95% of the share. We have a lesser 
share and then if we just step away from a quarter to quarter, and look at long term. Probably 
this is a market which will continue with the fossil fuels for maybe a longer period, let us say 
than Europe or some other places, which will be there.  
 
So, it is a kind of a view that we continue to supply products to domestic market we will not 
be making any curtailments there. 
 
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities) 
 
All right, Sir. Thanks for your time. 
 
Questioner (Nitin Tiwari, Phillip Capital) 
 
Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is again on the refining side only. So, 
as you had indicated that in the month of March, in the Q4, we did see some volatility in terms 
of procurement, freight, and other factors. So how is the situation now in the Q1? How 
comfortable we are in terms of managing our procurement, freight, and other costs? And how 
should we see the margin environment panning out for us, particularly on both refining and 
petrochemical side for the rest of the year? 
 
Company Speaker (Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
So, situation is still maybe I would say from worst to, has come worse, okay. It is a degree of 
change which is happening gradually as things return to some degree of normalcy. Having 
said that, we have seen cooling off if you look at the market, the cracks have cooled off 
significantly from what we have seen. Same way the, what should I say, the war risk, then 
the freight rates and also the premium on the crude like there were instances when it went 
up to, generally, I am talking about not specific grade or something, it went up to about $40 
a barrel. Now people are talking about something which is more reasonable, maybe half that. 
So, there is some improvement, but I think the situation is very fluid. Nobody really knows 
what is going to happen. In a lighter vein, I do not know if I have to pray to God, maybe things 
will start improving but having said that, situation is slightly better, but it can just change. We 
are seeing that every day it changes. So, my guess is as good as anyone's guess here. The 
way we would look at it is refining is tight. The market has apprehensions of availability of 
product. So, we think structurally it is likely to remain reasonably strong. I would tend to say 
that. 

 
 
 
 
22 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Nitin Tiwari, Phillip Capital) 
 
Thanks Sir, one more, if I may. What percentage of our production is impacted by SAED? 
 
Company Speaker (Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
See, I think the entire DTA refinery is exposed to the SAED. So, whenever SAED, like in the 
past SAED was introduced on gasoline, diesel, jet fuel and things like that. Like I mentioned, 
we are, most of the product is getting sold domestically. So, the SAED takes a different form 
of a discount to that. So, there is an impact on the piece, which is the domestic. 
 
Questioner (Nitin Tiwari, Phillip Capital) 
 
The entire production in DTA would be impacted? 
 
Company Speaker (Srinivas Tuttagunta) 
 
No, it is not the entire, like I told you, two or three products, right now it is only diesel, only 
diesel, gasoline and jet. Jet is of course small; we hardly produce anything. So it is mostly on 
the diesel that we are experiencing. 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
One question on telecom. Anshuman, in your statement, you talked about differentiated 
services through network slicing. What are we looking there? And what is the opportunity in 
terms of increasing the realization or increasing the subscriber? How are we looking there? 
 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, as you know, with our SA technology, we are able to create network slices. We are 
already doing that for our fixed wireless offering, and which is why we have been able to do 
that more successfully than the other operators, give them a more consistent performance 
level to subscribers. Now you can stretch that, you can use the same architecture to create 
slices for specialized services, and these would typically start with enterprise offerings where 
enterprises need certain dedicated places for assurance of throughput, etc., but then these 
can go beyond that, gaming for instance. So, where people need higher throughputs and 
which they are willing to pay a premium for. So that is something that our network is ready 
for, but of course we have to see if the market, the regulations, etc., are also ready for those. 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
We are not looking at anything on B2C kind of a business in the mobility? 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
23 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
No, even on the mobility, so you create specialized slices for different use cases. As I said, 
gaming will be a B2C direct to consumer offering. 
 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
In the voice or data, we are not looking to do? 
 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
No, not today. You could again, you could potentially do that, the network supports it, but 
whether consumers need something like that, but the consumers pay a premium for that and 
whether that would be regulatory compliant, I think those are the things that we will need to 
work through. 
 
Questioner (Sanjesh Jain, ICICI Securities) 
 
Thank you. 
 
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs) 
 
Thank you. I have a couple of questions on retail, quick commerce first. There seems to be 
a fair bit of competition in the market. Horizontal e-commerce players seem to be adding a 
fair bit of dark stores. And of course, you have the three quick commerce players. In that 
scenario, how do you see the industry consolidating in the next few years and what are your 
ambitions about the quick commerce industry? Do you, like a dark store target, a market 
share target, a user target and would you be like a consolidator in the industry if the 
opportunity comes? That would be my first question. 
 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
See, the way we look at our stores is they are omni stores, right? Ultimately, I am looking at 
wallet share of the consumer, right? People have different needs, where they go for weekly 
or monthly shopping missions to a store and they do top up from online deliveries, right? I 
am using the same big box store to deliver to the customer or walk into the customer, right? 
Ultimately, that is what I care about. Dark stores are only meant to fill the gaps where because 
my network is designed for walk in. Now, if there is enough concentration at some location, 
we have to meet the service levels, I need to put a dark store, we put a dark store, right. So 
that is how we look at it. I think that we have a sufficient network right now. We have store 
expansion plans. Those continue and I think that will couple with how the industry grows 
where the demand is. We do not have a specific because we do not look at dark store or 
walk-in store. Frankly, every store in my network can deliver to the customer. What is the 
right node to service to the customer from. 
 

 
 
 
 
24 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs) 
 
And on the consolidation bit? 
 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
I do not think I would be able too early. Let us see how the industry evolves. There are quite 
a few players. So, we will see. We are pretty clear. For us, it is more around, looking at the 
wallet share of the customers and meeting their needs, right? How the industry evolves, we 
will all see. 
 
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs) 
 
And just to follow on the electronics and fashion that you talked about with the two-hour 
launch. So, how exactly do the network and the supply chain work in that scenario? Can the 
customer, for example, when they order, you would have different riders placed at different 
points? How is the backend supply chain working? 
 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
No so, you do not place riders anywhere. These are all gig workers, right? I have enough 
density in the network, right. Now, a rider who is there, I can assign him to a, if the order 
comes for grocery, I can assign from a grocery store. We also have limited assortment of 
other categories in dark stores also. But I, when I have my other let us say an electronic 
store, I can expose the entire grab and go assortment, right and the same rider will go and 
pick up from let us say the digital store and deliver to the customer. You do not have 
dedicated riders for a store. It is the network that polygon that you play. 
 
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs) 
 
Thank you. 
 
Questioner (Percy Panthaki, IIFL) 
 
Sir, my question is on retail. So, you have delivered 11% growth in retail this quarter. 
However, if I want to evaluate the retailing business performance on a like-for-like basis, if I 
deduct 75% of your RCPL sales from the base to make it comparable, it is like a 15% to 16% 
growth in the retailing business. Now, this has come with only a 1% increase in the square 
footage on a Y-o-Y basis, so, just wanted to understand that this significant increase, despite 
the square footage being low, is it mainly the ramp up of the quick commerce or e-commerce 
business or it is a good mix between a very strong SSSG at the physical stores plus the QC 
and e-com ramp up? The reason why I am asking this question is if I want to make a mental 
model for your growth in future, how do I split it in three parts, your SSSG for the physical 
stores, your increase in square footage and the ramp up of QC, if you can even just very 
roughly tell me the percentage contribution of each of these three in addition to answering 
the earlier question. Yeah, that would be good. 

 
 
 
 
25 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
Sure, so one, I think I had spoken in my presentation, the impact of RCPL takes the revenue 
growth from 11% to 14%. There is roughly a 3% point impact because in Q4 last year, that 
revenue was there it has gone out right. See for the purpose of reporting we are doing SSSG 
because that means offline, which continue to be healthy single digits. It is also a mix issue. 
It depends on where the growth is coming from, because the productivity of different formats, 
formats vary, so difficult to extrapolate from square footage to this thing. But overall, I would 
say there is healthy growth in the stores, also QC and B2B are ramping up as well. Now, that 
is obviously reflected in the margins also. If you have looked at my margins, they have come 
down a bit because my hyper local deliveries are growing pretty rapidly. Internally, we look 
at the big box growth from the same box how much I am able to deliver, whether the customer 
walks in or I have to deliver, right? When we look at from our network design perspective, 
where is the demand and to service that demand, what do I need? Now, it is a customer 
preference for different need customer want to walk in or they want to just get things 
delivered, depending on what the requirement is the need for convenience and we do both 
ways, right? So, for us, it is the wallet share of the customer right. It is just from a reporting 
perspective, we are saying SSSG. Now, practically, if you think at it, if I am delivering, even 
delivering from the store, that entire sales is coming to me from that box and internally, that 
is how we look at it. 
 
Questioner (Percy Panthaki, IIFL) 
 
And you have a fairly large square footage now. So, on this big base, how do you look at 
square foot additions like this 1% growth, which we saw this year? Was it a year of 
consolidation or you think that basically, now, whatever physical infrastructure you wanted to 
build, is largely built and from here on, it will every year be sort of a very slow growth on this? 
 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
See, we will continue to build. There's a lot of penetration to be done, especially in the tier 
two and beyond cities. We will continue to build the store footprint. I guess, last year, we 
have opened quite a few and we have closed a few - that is a regular exercise. But on net, 
net, you will continue to see store square footage of stores increasing. And you will also 
continue to see the productivity increasing.  
 
Questioner (Percy Panthaki, IIFL) 
 
Mid single digit would be a good estimate for square footage growth? 
 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
Again, I will not be able to comment on forward looking. But you should expect square footage 
to grow as well as number of stores to grow. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
26 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Percy Panthaki, IIFL) 
 
Sure. Thank you so much. 
 
Questioner (Pranav Kshatriya, Emkay) 
 
I have questions on Reliance Jio. So, the first question is, if I look at the JPL number ex of 
Jio, the EBITDA was somewhere between Rs. 800 Crores to Rs. 900 Crores a quarter, that 
has increased to almost Rs. 1300 Crores in this quarter. So, what is driving that increase? 
That is my first question and some color on the timelines for Jio's IPO, because we basically 
publicly stated that first half of 2026 is when we should expect Jio IPO. Is that timeline still 
old because we still not seen the DRHP? The last question, any update on the AI data center 
which you are planning? Thank you.  
 
Company Speaker (Saurabh Sancheti)  
 
So, I will take first and on second and third Anshuman would be there. On first clearly the 
services which we have is a comprehensive set of services for home and enterprises. The 
large part of margin expansion is coming from the operating leverage here because the cost 
for delivering the services has not gone up. A large part of our contracts are structured like 
that and that is leading to the margin expansion in digital services.  
 
Questioner (Pranav Kshatriya, Emkay) 
 
Okay, but I mean so actually increase in EBITDA is more than increase in revenue? 
 
Company Speaker (Saurabh Sancheti) 
 
So, I think if you look at the consol JPL minus RJIL, we need to check. I do not think it is 
more than that. I will take that offline. 
 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
On your second and third question on IPO, we have a statement in today's press release as 
well. It is fairly imminent. We are working towards it, and we will keep you posted. A lot of the 
work has been done. So, we will keep you posted in the coming days and on the third 
question around the AI data centers. So firstly, I would like to clarify that the AI data centers 
are not being done in Jio Platforms Limited. They are going to be part of the intelligence 
business, so RIL or the intelligence entity that has already been created. We have started. 
There is work going on our own data centers that we need for our captive purposes as well 
as for our partners in Jamnagar. So that work is going on. We are also working towards our 
gigawatt scale data centers. And that is something that in the next few quarters, we will see 
more progress on and then we will update you. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
27 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Questioner (Pranav Kshatriya, Emkay) 
 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Questioner (Deepti Chaturvedi, CLSA) 
 
Anshuman, questions. First, what drove JPL growth to be higher than Jio's growth? That is 
the first question. 
 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Sorry, could you repeat that? 
 
Questioner (Deepti Chaturvedi, CLSA) 
 
Yes. What drove JPL growth to be higher than Jio's growth? That is the first question and on 
Jio, are you expecting further acceleration and subscriber additions so that in absence of 
tariff hike, double digit growth continues? 
 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
So, on the first one, I am sort of feel free to add, the digital services are growing off a smaller 
base. So, in terms of percentage growth, you will expect to see higher growth there. We are 
launching more services. We have spoken about our data center offering, Meghraj, where 
the scale of that customer update has picked up quite a bit. Our AI cloud offering plus some 
of the new products we have launched, plus our enterprise offering. That is expected to grow 
faster, just because it is growing off a smaller base, the percentage growth will be faster. Not 
to say that Jio or the connectivity piece will not grow, that will also continue to grow, but you 
expect digital services to grow faster. And on the second one, look, there is certain organic 
growth which we will expect both in realizations because people will continue to use more 
services. People will tend to upgrade in the plans that they use and subscribe to some of the 
additional services that we are offering. So, you should expect some increase in the ARPU 
even without any tariff increases and we spoke about this 4% to 5 % kind of number that we 
have been observing over the last few quarters. That kind of growth happens even without 
any tariff increases. And then of course, the subscriber growth rate will be there. We do 
expect to continue to gain market share in the market. We have a differentiated better offering 
with much better 5G than what the other operators have been able to establish. So, we do 
expect to gain market share in the market. 
 
Questioner (Deepti Chaturvedi, CLSA) 
 
I have one question on the media business. So JioHotstar has five times the MAUs of Netflix. 
I mean, has it had a break even? That is the first question, and your linear TV has a 
disproportionate share in the industry. So, is the TV advertising for you still growing or it is 
degrowing? 
 

 
 
 
 
28 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
⁠Company Speaker (Ishan Chatterjee) 
 
Yes, on the first one, I think our overall subscription business is one part of the overall 
business. We have a very large and profitable entertainment business that is driven a lot by 
TV, to the point that you were making. And our overall profitability is a combination of all 
those businesses. As I mentioned to you earlier, entertainment is a very profitable business 
that we have and on TV we are seeing a large improvement in monetization as per some of 
the numbers that I showed you before. So, I think that is the momentum that we are going to 
see and the final performance will be a balance of those two. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Sorry, one question on oil and gas. So, what is known is, of course, what I meant was the 
downstream part. I am sorry, Sanjay. So, what is known about certain products like LPG 
having supply challenges, you talked about PVC having supply challenges, but beyond those 
obvious ones, which are the other chemical and petrochemical products where you believe 
availability can be a challenge if this continues? Like for example, because we are producing 
more LPG, are the propane-linked products that supply is getting challenged or what are the 
other areas where we are seeing the challenges? 
 
Company Speaker (Amit Chaturvedi) 
 
Yes, partly you are right, because wherever LPG is used as a fuel those end consumption 
sectors are struggling. In fact, the government is now working in a very cohesive manner, 
they have formed what is called a joint working group. And this working group is a 
combination of Ministry of Petroleum, Ministry of Department of Chemicals, Petrochemicals 
and couple of other ministries also like food and public administration were also part of it. 
What this group is trying to do is to ensure that the key critical end sector requirements are 
not starved off for the feed stocks. And therefore, exceptions are being made from the LPG 
control order to ensure that these critical sectors are not starved for feed, but other than that 
yes there is as I said naphtha is critically short, EDC also has impacted the supplies. The 
biggest impact has been on methanol and that will probably have an impact on the fertilizer 
sector, the end sector. Natural gas has got very badly impacted because of Ras Laffan 
getting hit and that will also have its impact. The government is of course trying its best to 
ensure that the critical sectors remain unimpacted to the best extent possible. I mean critical 
sectors like CNG, PNG, but the other non-critical things which the government thinks non-
critical, they were cut off and they are continuously reviewing those allocations also to ensure 
that the common man is not impacted at the end of it. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
One small one on FMCG, revenue has been written as Rs. 22,000 Crores, but if you look at 
the two key brands where the revenue is given, that is only less than Rs. 7,500 Crores. What 
are the other big products or brands which are contributing? 
 
 

 
 
 
 
29 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Company Speaker (Ashutosh Goyal) 
 
So, when I talked about the Campa brand, so that was only one particular brand under the 
beverage category. So, our beverage category, the revenue is more than about Rs. 6,000 
Crores and similarly, when I talked about Independence brand, it was one part of the category 
for our daily essentials. So, the other larger contributor for this whole category is daily 
essentials for our business right now, which is almost contributing about 40% to the revenue. 
So, these are the two major contributors for our revenues. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Thanks. Just one last on retail. When do you think this because of maybe quick commerce 
or whatever, the dilution in EBITDA margin, by when do you think we will get that stability? 
Because your EBITDA growth, again, has been just about, I think, 3% Y-o-Y so perhaps 
because there is more revenue and that is lower margin, so when do we reach that stage 
that we start getting closer to double digit EBITDA growth, if that is possible? 
 
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja) 
 
See, it is just a function of each business contributing. It is just a function of the mix, how 
quickly the offline business grows versus the quick commerce business grows versus the 
B2B business grows, right? It is a function of the mix. If we slow down the growth of online 
business, market will start improving. It is a mix as far as the online business continues to 
grow faster. 
 
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA) 
 
Thanks.  
 
Questioner (Aditya Suresh, Macquarie) 
 
Good evening. Anshuman, I had a question for you. You are obviously seeing a lot of 
momentum in Jio from a subscriber perspective. Let us say 525 million that further expands. 
You are going to get the IPO out as well. So, if you take, let us say, a one, two-year kind of 
view, what does success look like for Jio in terms of financial metrics like ROIC, free cash 
flows, any goalposts which you can speak to?  
 
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur) 
 
Not really, because look, we are not going to get into forward looking and, where we want to 
be in a couple of years. For now, I think I will tell you what the priority areas are, but I am not 
going to put numbers to where we want to be in one or two years. Priority area on mobility 
gained some more market share because we have the network advantage, we have product 
advantage, and we have fairly differentiated offerings, so we would want to capitalize on that. 
Home is a priority for sure and that is something that we have been innovating a lot, and we 
have seen good pickup in experience. We have had to do some, changes in between, moving 

 
 
 
 
30 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
to NLOS, etc., new equipment being put on the ground, but otherwise that is growing steadily 
and that is a priority. Enterprises, to an extent, is a priority. We want to gain more market 
share there. We have a much more room to grow and gain market share there and then of 
course, digital services. We have launched a few in the last couple of quarters and we want 
them to scale up, ramp up. Those would be the priority areas. I will not get into numbers 
where we would like to be. But yes, they are going to be exciting times. Next couple of years 
is going to be very exciting for Jio. 
 
 
