 
 
 
 
June 03, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited                                                                     
Corporate Relationship Department                          
PJ Towers, 25th Floor,                                                    
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                                      
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No.C/1, G-Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051. 
 BSE Scrip Code No. 543687                                         NSE Symbol:-DHARMAJ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earning Call of Q4 & FY2026 Financial Results [Disclosure under    
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015] 
  
With reference to our previous intimation for the Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference call of the 
Company held on May 29,2026 at 12.00 PM IST and further in accordance with the requirement 
of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with Schedule-III Part-A thereof, we hereby inform you that the transcript of the Earning 
Conference call of Q4 & FY26 Financial Results is attached as Annexure –A; 
 
The same is also being made available on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.dharmajcrop.com/investor/investors-analyst-meet-conference-call/  
 
We request you to kindly take note of the same and consider for official records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited, 
 
 
________________ 
Malvika Bhadreshbhai Kapasi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
ACS-52602 
MALVIKA 
BHADRESHBHAI 
KAPASI
Digitally signed by MALVIKA BHADRESHBHAI KAPASI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=9031, 
2.5.4.20=e3fb076f7740c9bf2203559ac865bad6099bcac47dab238
04e4f6ce4893b46ee, postalCode=380052, st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=7c7eccb695b5c31fba7721b9baaeea08b651baeb3c
1289d0d835b1b54e2caad0, cn=MALVIKA BHADRESHBHAI KAPASI 
Date: 2026.06.03 18:43:13 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited 
Q4 & FY’26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
 
MR. RAMESHBHAI TALAVIA 
CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
 
MR. JAMANKUMAR TALAVIA 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
 
 
MR. VISHAL DOMADIA 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS AGARWAL 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
DHARMAJ CROP GUARD LIMITED 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited 
Q4 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 29, 2026 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Dharmaj Crop 
Guard Limited Q4 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by TIL 
Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need any assistance during this conference, 
please signal for an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your 
touchtone telephone. 
Participants, please note, at the time of the Q&A, participants are 
requested to ask your questions in Hindi. Also note that this conference 
call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sayam Pokharna from TIL 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sayam Pokharna: 
Thank you Farah. Welcome everyone and good afternoon. Thanks for 
taking out the time to join us today in the Q4 and FY’26 Earnings 
Conference Call of Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited.  
The Investor Presentation and Press Release has already been uploaded 
on the Stock Exchange and on the company's website. 
To take us through today's results, we have with us from the 
Management Team, Mr. Ramesh Talavia - Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Jaman Talavia – Whole Time Director, Mr. Vishal 
Domadia - Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Vikas Agarwal - Chief 
Financial Officer. 

 
Page 3 of 25 
We will start with a brief opening remark on the business performance 
for the quarter 4 and for the year from Mr. Talavia, followed by remarks 
on the financial performance by Mr. Agarwal and then open the floor 
for Q&A session. 
I would like to remind you all that anything and everything said on this 
call that represents any outlook for the future and can be construed as a 
forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the risk 
and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties have been 
detailed in our annual report. 
With that said, I would now like to hand over the call to Ramesh sir. 
Over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Good afternoon, everyone and I thank you for joining us today for the 
Q4 and FY’26 Earning Conference Call for our company. 
We are pleased to report that for the full year FY’26, Dharmaj recorded 
revenue of Rs. 1138 crores reflecting a 20% year-on-year growth. For 
Q4 FY’26, revenue came in at Rs. 234 crores registering 11% year-on-
year growth, even against relatively stronger Q4 FY’25 base. 
At the profitability level, EBITDA for the full year stood at Rs. 101 
crores registering a growth of 34% year-on-year, while net profit stood 
at Rs. 55 crores up to 57% year-on-year. We have reported a strong 
overall financial performance, which has been delivered in a volatile 
operating and industry environment including uneven monsoon and 
seasonal demand. Continued pressure on technical realizations through 
much of the year and more recently the emerging disruption from West 
Asia crisis and its impact on key raw metal availability. 
Let us start with our formulation business: 
 

 
Page 4 of 25 
Within formulation, our domestic institutional segment delivered 
healthy growth of 15% year-on-year for FY’26, supported by consistent 
performance across the year. Our branded formulation, vertical, 
however was muted coming in 3% growth for the year. The Kharif 
season in 2025 started on a robust note and Q1 FY’26 was in fact our 
strongest quarter for the branded formulation. However, the follow 
through in Q2 FY’26 was not as strong as we had anticipated. This was 
mainly on account of erratic and uneven nature of monsoon towards the 
latter part of Q2 particularly in late August and September, which 
resulted in a subdued agrochemical demand across the country. Some 
regions experienced excessive rainfall creating an uneven demand 
environment. The Rabi season that followed was also muted across the 
country affected by lower-than-expected pest attacks and elevated 
industry channel inventories that had built up from the stronger Q1. 
Together, this seasonal factor resulted in marginal growth for our 
branded formulation vertical over the years. We believe the underlying 
demand environment for our brand portfolio remains intact and we 
expect the situation to normalize in FY’27. 
In our active ingredient business, this was a landmark year for our 
technical plant. Our domestic active ingredient business grew 37% year-
on-year for FY’26 and we operated ahead our own internal capacity 
utilization target through the year. The most significant milestone on this 
front is one we had set as a key strategic objective for FY’26, which was 
achieving PBT level break-even at our technical plant. Through most of 
FY’26, realization demand under pressure and a meaningful recovery 
only began to emerge after February’26. The recent upticks we have 
seen since then has been largely driven by rising input costs across the 
board, reflecting the broader impact of West Asia situation on key raw 
materials. We are monitoring this closely. 
 

 
Page 5 of 25 
On the export front, we made a strong comeback in FY’26 after a 
challenging FY’25 that was affected by external market disruption. Our 
focus at the technical plant remains on what is within our control, 
improving capacity utilization, improving our product mix towards the 
higher margin molecule, and progressing to increase capacity 
consumption within our formulation division. This factor, in our view, 
offers the most reliable path to improving the profitability of the active 
ingredient business, independent of where the external pricing 
environment settles. 
On our expansion initiative: 
Our new dedicated herbicide facility near our formulation site in Kerala 
GIDC, Ahmedabad is progressing in line with plans and is expected to 
be commissioned in Q3 FY’27. This facility will support the long-term 
growth of herbicide portfolio and release capacity at the existing facility, 
which is particularly important during the next peak kharif season. We 
view this expansion as an investment in a category with strong structural 
demand growth. 
As I look at FY’27, our growth outlook is positive with an expected 18% 
to 20% overall top-line growth. Our internal focus for the coming year 
is clear: 
 First, we will continue to scale up utilization at our technical 
plant, improve the product mix, and increase the capacity 
consumption of active ingredient within our formulation 
division. This is our most important level for company-level 
margin improvement going forward. 
 Second, we will work to return our branded formulation vertical 
to stronger growth as the seasonal headwind from FY’26 
normalizes. 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 And third, we will maintain and build on the momentum in our 
domestic institutional and export segment, which is expected to 
show good growth in current year. 
I am confident that Dharmaj is well positioned to deliver a strong FY’27. 
For the financial highlights, I would now invite our CFO, Mr. Vikas 
Agarwal. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Thank you, Ramesh Sir. Good afternoon, everyone. While most key 
points have already been addressed by Ramesh Sir, I would like to 
highlight a few additional aspects for everyone's benefit. 
Before turning to the balance sheet, a few points on profitability and 
capital return ratio: 
Our full-year EBITDA margin stood at 9% compared to 8% in FY’25, 
supported by higher scale into operating leverage and moved to PBT 
level break even at the technical front. Return on capital employed 
improved to 18% from 13% in the prior year. Return on equity improved 
to 12% from 9%. These ratios reflect both the stronger operating 
performance during the year and the gradual payback from the 
greenfield technical capacity we commissioned earlier. 
On the working capital front, the closing inventory stood at 2074 
million, up significantly from 1385 million last year. This was mainly 
on account of the management taking a prudent call in March 2026 to 
secure an additional raw material inventory to protect production 
continuity through the Kharif season, given the uncertainty around input 
availability and pricing costs due to the West Asia crisis. 
 
 

 
Page 7 of 25 
Our cash conversion cycle extended to 87 days from 67 days in FY’25. 
This was largely a function of additional inventory we built ahead of the 
Kharif season. We expect that cycle to ease as this inventory is 
consumed. On the asset side, net block stood at 3097 million, With fixed 
assets turns, improving to 4x from 3x as utilization of the capacity 
created by our greenfield investment continues to improve. 
On leverage, we continue to maintain a healthy balance sheet. Long-
term borrowing has been reduced 510 million from 641 million, 
reflecting a discipline. That short-term working capital borrowing has 
increased to 809 million from 514 million, which is commensurate with 
the deliberate inventory build we undertook. 
Our gross debt-to-equity ratio stood at 0.29x as of 31st March 2026, 
unchanged from last year, supported by a net worth of 4491 million 
against 3944 million a year ago. Our debt servicing capacity remains 
robust, supported by an EBITDA of 1005 million and strong operated 
cash flow. With this, we can open the floor for questions and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Praneet from SJ 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Praneet: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, I would like to 
congratulate you guys for the impressive performance you were able to 
do in terms of profitability and revenue. But I wanted to understand in 
terms of branded formulation what is happening. Because over a year 
ago, our split was mostly towards B2C compared to B2B. Now, I think 
the splits have completely turned into institutional business. Hello, am I 
audible? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Yes, the splits were a little less than what we imagined. And you are not 
clear. 

 
Page 8 of 25 
Praneet: 
Is it better now, sir? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Praneet: 
So, I am saying basically 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Can you ask the question in Hindi, please? 
Praneet: 
So, I wanted to ask what happened in the segment of branded 
formulations? Because this year, the contribution of B2C was very less 
compared to the previous two years. So, I wanted to ask what happened 
in terms of splits? Because of this, there will be some impact on the 
margin in the long term. What is the forecast management has regarding 
the B2B versus B2C split? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
You are not clear yet, actually. Your voice is getting break-up. We 
cannot hear you properly. Can you repeat the question and go a little 
slow? 
Praneet: 
Sir, am I audible now, sir? 
Moderator: 
Yes, Praneet. You may proceed. Please ask your question in Hindi and 
please go a little slowly. Thank you. 
Praneet: 
Yes, sir. First, I would like to, so, I would like to ask, sir, in terms of 
B2C, branded formulations specifically, what happened this year? I 
understand there were some headwinds in the market. But how will we 
grow the segment of branded formulations from this year? And I was 
thinking more about this in terms of the overall business split. Now, it 
was a lot towards B2B. This year, the exports increased and the 
institutional business and the activities increased. Mostly, the business 
split was on B2B. I was thinking that in this split, if the forecast will be 
like this, then B2C will come back in the majority in two, three years.  
 

 
Page 9 of 25 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Last year, I told the reason that due to the rain in August-September, 
because of the monsoon, we were not able to grow. The consumption 
was not there. So, if there is a regular monsoon this year, then our growth 
will be managed by 20% to 25% on an average of the brand. And we 
have made all the preparations for that. As you have seen, we have taken 
Rohit Sharma as the brand ambassador. And the two, three states that 
we were not operating, we have also started them. We have started in 
Tamil Nadu. We are strengthening in North India. So, in the brand, with 
all the preparations, our one, two months that has started, it has started 
very positively. And we can come back to that growth. We have no 
doubt about it. 
Praneet: 
But this year, when we see the new product launches, it was much less 
than last year. What is the reason for this? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
I told you, in August-September there is a peak consumption period at 
the farmer level. There was no consumption, our brand could not grow 
so much. And there was no consumption in those two months, and there 
was no pest attack in rabi season. And the inventory was cleared, means 
it was liquidated. So, because of that, our growth was not there. 
Praneet: 
Okay, I understood. And we were making some split changes in 
advertising and marketing. Spend is in the range of last year. This year, 
we are shifting to advertising and marketing. What is the strategy for 
that? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
The strategy we have made is that, we have made improvement in the 
marketing tools, like the farmer meeting, we do demonstrations in field, 
we are active in social media. So, to improve visibility in all over India 
we have started such activities with Rohit Sharma from March onwards. 
And now, our first plan seed treatment product, and herbicide segment, 
we are ongoing and on the path with the growth strategy that we have 
made and we will move forward in that way. 

 
Page 10 of 25 
Praneet: 
And from this year, till this year it was 75, last year also it was around 
75, including marketing and advertising, do we want to move forward 
from this along with the revenues? And what is the strategy for that, next 
year and after two years? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Next year, we have told you, we will do 18% to 20% all over growth. 
Praneet: 
No, I was asking about marketing spend. I understood the top line, the 
target is 20%. But in terms of spend, to reach that, how much will you 
spend? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
In B2C, our marketing strategy, we spend around 3% in that market, 
according to our total business. 
Praneet: 
Okay, and next, today you were saying, we are close for PBT, 
profitability for technical plant. With this, what is the capacity utilization 
for this year and in the next year at what capacity utilization we will 
reach peak EBITDA margin for technicals?  
Ramesh Talavia: 
Our technical plant's capacity utilization is around 65% to 70%. And 
next year, we will improve that, by adding product mix. 
Praneet: 
Okay, what is the peak utilization for now, and on that peak utilization, 
what could be our EBITDA margin be? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
EBITDA margin, on an average, every year we will keep on improving. 
There will be an improvement in the range of 0.5 to 0.75, in the coming 
next two three years. 
Praneet: 
What is the current EBITDA margin of that plant? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Our EBITDA margin is around 5% for technicals. 
Praneet: 
Okay. It can be up to 10% in five years, or it will not be that much? 

 
Page 11 of 25 
Ramesh Talavia: 
It can be up to 10%, but it will take time, it will take four, five years, 
only then we will reach to 10%, only technicals. Every year, we make 
an improvement of around 75 basis point. 
Praneet: 
Okay, understood. And as you said, our herbicide plant could be 
operational next year. What is the CAPEX for it? And what is the 
timeline for utilization breakeven? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
The herbicide unit that we have started, civil work is mostly at the end, 
at the finishing level, and we are currently ordering the machinery. So, 
it will take four, five months for the installation. So, this utilization, we 
can get some it in the rabi season, but the next kharif season which will 
come before that in February, March after making it 100% ready we can 
do maximum utilization. 
Praneet: 
So, till the next season, we have planned to be fully operational, that 
herbicide plant? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes. 
Praneet: 
What was the CAPEX for that? Earlier, you said it in some range, now 
the cost has increased due to war. There was a change in the CAPEX 
guidance or was it nearabout the previously guided CAPEX? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
It is according to the CAPEX that we planned. 
Praneet: 
Okay. And how much can be the additional CAPEX for that plant for 
this year? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
In the current year, we will have around Rs. 50 crores CAPEX, in unit 
3rd and unit 2, in small units combining together. 
 
 

 
Page 12 of 25 
Praneet: 
Okay. Now, how is the split between B2B and B2C? In the next two 
years, the herbicide plant will be started, so it will be very soon. The 
B2B split will increase, right? Earlier, B2C was two third and B2B was 
one third, but now, the proportion has reversed. How will it be in the 
coming years? The split between B2B and B2C. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Definitely, the formulation of B2B and B2C will improve. Because, in 
the peak season, we do not have enough space. So, we have to do tolling 
outside. That will be stopped and it will be inhouse. We can plan it well 
to catch the opportunity in a good way. 
Praneet: 
What is there in the B2B margins and what is there in the B2C? How 
can the EBITDA margins of both divisions and segments change in the 
coming time? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
First thing is that B2C was before when we started technical plant, B2C 
formulation was only the thing. Now, when we started technical plant, 
technical production has come. That is why we see that B2C overall 
percentage wise is going down. But overall, if you see, it was at par only. 
Last year, we had 3% growth in B2C. Now, overall margin side, B2B is 
around 15% to 20% GP margin. In brand, we have 35% to 40% GP 
margin. For technicals, we have 20% to 25% margin which is product 
to product. 
Praneet: 
So, EBITDA wise, B2C will be 25% and the technical plant  
Vikas Agarwal: 
What I have told right now is GP margin. 
Praneet: 
So, basically gross profit, is it? The 25%. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Again, I tell you, B2B we are having 15% to 20%. In export also, we 
have same 15% to 20%. In brand, we have 35% to 40%. And in 
technical, we have 20% to 25% GP margin. 

 
Page 13 of 25 
Praneet: 
Understood, sir. The only concern I have is going forward, let us say, if 
the technical plants, let us say, B2B business start scaling up, the overall 
margin compression might happen from at least past high levels. I 
understand absolute might grow, but I was just wondering in terms of, 
let us say, the overall margin with the herbicide plant also starting up, 
where can we expect the long term 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Sir, herbicide we already have in our existing plant only thing is that 
there is a space issue. So, what we are doing, we are having herbicide 
formulation plant near our existing plant. So, overall, if you see, the 
margin will definitely be going to improve. Right now, we are having a 
8.73% margin, EBITDA margin. That will be improved to double digit 
in next two years. 
Praneet: 
Understood, sir. The reason I was specifically asking, because B2B side 
has a little lower margin compared to our B2C side, right? So, the reason 
I was asking about herbicide is, at that particular plant scale, revenue 
will go faster from that division, right? So, as a result, overall 
consolidated level may have lower margins compared to previous high. 
That is what I was asking.  
Vikas Agarwal: 
Okay. Overall, technical is total. I agree with you. 
Praneet: 
So, let us say, sir, right now, in the next two years, probably herbicide 
plant will set up and there will be some operational, let us say break-in 
will take a year. So, when do you expect the herbicide plant to become 
completely, let us say, profitable, and let us say, once it is profitable? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
I am telling you; herbicide is already, we are having herbicide plant 
facility in our existing plant. 
Praneet: 
So, when I mentioned the herbicide plant 

 
Page 14 of 25 
Vikas Agarwal: 
We are shifting our existing facility to there. So, there will be some 
margin, there is a space issue so we are just shifting. It is not that we are 
not in herbicide. We are doing herbicide formulation right now also. 
Praneet: 
Sir, actually, I understand we are doing already herbicide and we are just 
shifting it to bigger plant for better utilization and better capacity, right? 
I was just wondering, once we shift it, will it take some time for us to 
get to profitability, right? Or will it not? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
No, it will not take any time because we have all the, because existing 
plant will already have that facility and we will do it in a better way only. 
So, there will be no impact on our margin or anything. It will start as 
such only. 
Praneet: 
Okay, sir. And let us say in next three years, once everything is 
Moderator: 
I am sorry to interrupt, Praneet. Could you return to the question queue? 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajat Sethia from 
ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Hi. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please proceed. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Thanks. Hi, sir. Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, one 
question was that if you could share some numbers about AI business 
that in this quarter and full year, what were the gross margins and what 
were the EBITDA numbers? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
About technical plant? 
Rajat Sethia: 
Yes. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
So, last year, we have a GP margin of 19%. In current year, we have a 
GP margin of 22%. And EBITDA is around 5%, which was negative 
last year. 

 
Page 15 of 25 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. EBITDA is 5%? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Yes, 5% EBITDA. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. And I think last year, it was in minus, right? Minus 4%, minus 
5%. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Because it was the first year and we had only 58% capacity. So, it was 
in minus. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. So, sir, the formulation, if we made 5% in this, then in the 
formulation, did our margin fall on a full year basis? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
No. It did not fall. What I mean to say, whatever contribution is there it 
is only 25% of total sales. So, we have to consider that. So, my PBT 
level, I am at breakeven in our technicals. 
Rajat Sethia: 
On PBT, I had an understanding that on PBT level, our cost, I mean, the 
cost that increased under EBITDA, the depreciation and finance cost, it 
increased by around Rs. 25 crores for technical plant. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
No, that was Rs. 22 crores. Around Rs. 22 crores. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay, around Rs. 22 crores. So, if we have made 5%, then we have made 
EBITDA of Rs. 14 crores, Rs. 15 crores and the cost of Rs. 22 crores 
might have increased. Right? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Yes. So, it break-even at the PBT level. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Yes, I mean, the loss of Rs. 5 crores, Rs. 7 crores, the loss of Rs. 7 crores 
is coming at PBT level. EBITDA of Rs. 15 crores and Rs. 22 crores. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
No. 
Rajat Sethia: 
That is the cost. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Are you asking about the last year or the current year? 

 
Page 16 of 25 
Rajat Sethia: 
Current year. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
No, in the current year, it is positive at PBT. EBITDA will be around 
22%. Between 22% and 25%. So, on PBT level, it was breakeven. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. So, in technicals, EBITDA is of Rs. 22 crores. Okay, sir. May be 
we can discuss this later. One thing, I wanted to know that in the 
technical level, in the technical plant, there has been a growth of 10% in 
this quarter. And I think the scale has increased a lot within two years. 
So, maybe that is why we are growing at 10%. In the last few quarters, 
there was a good growth. So, going forward, in technical, we are 
expecting 8%, 10% or here also, we can grow at 15%, 20%. Going 
forward. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Going forward, this time, our capacity utilization was 70%. It was 65% 
to 70%. And next year, it will be around 75%. And next year our overall 
growth will be in between 15% to 20%. Between 18% to 20% in every 
vertical. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. As we are expecting growth of 18%, 20%, so, our employee 
expenses and other expenses, will they also grow at the same rate? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Variable cost will grow. The fixed cost will be almost the same. 
Rajat Sethia: 
How do you see the employee? It is semi-variable. So, at what rate do 
you think it will grow? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
That will grow around 5%. It will grow between 5% to 8%. Around 5%. 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. And the other expenses, like this year, it was around Rs. 54 crores. 
Last year, it was Rs. 44 crores. So, there is a jump of around 20% this 
year. So, how do you see it next year? 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Next year, it will increase variably. But I do not think there will be much 
increase in that. 

 
Page 17 of 25 
Rajat Sethia: 
Okay. Alright. Thank you so much. 
Vikas Agarwal: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Ladha from 
Bastion Research. Please go ahead. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations, sir. In such a 
tough time you pushed a good quarter. Sir, my question was given the 
uncertainty due to geopolitical situation. And because of that, we saw 
that the prices of raw material are increasing, reflecting into, the prices 
of finished goods are also increasing at a rapid pace. And in this 
situation, how are we seeing demand scenario right now going forward? 
And we are hearing that, sir, because there is an impact of El Nino, and 
due to which the rainfall can delay further. So, in H1 FY’27, how are we 
visualizing the demand scenario? If you have any thoughts on this. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
As you said, the raw material price will be up and there will be 
uncertainty. We have pre-planned it since March. There is neither an 
issue at our end and nor it will come . And the second thing you are 
saying is the effect of El Nino. In El Nino, there is a rainfall prediction 
of 90%, 92% till 95%. So, if the rainfall is evenly distributed and comes 
at a timely interval, then there will be no effect on this season. Because, 
last year you must have seen that the monsoon was very good. But due 
to excess rainfall and continuous rainfall, the kharif season was a little 
disturbed in last August-September. It is not like that the effect of El 
Nino is coming for the first time. It has come before also. So, you must 
have seen that if the monsoon distribution and interval is correct, then 
there will be no effect on our business. If there is excess dry spell, then 
there can be a problem. Otherwise, there is less chance of problem as 
such. Because, the situation has improved a lot as compared to what it 
was 10 years, 20 years ago, water level, reservoir level, and tube well 
irrigation. If you look at Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, then the 
sowing of Kharif has also started. 10%, 20% sowing has also finished. 

 
Page 18 of 25 
So, the water level is still good. If there is 2%, 4% less rainfall, then 
there will be no effect on the season. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, I was asking because last quarter, last year our Q1 was a very good 
strong quarter. And Q2 quarter was a little weak because of the extended 
rainfall. This Q1, of course, I understand how it will be, it is just a 
judgment for now. Whether it will happen or not, only time will tell. But 
just for the sake of it, I am asking, is Q1 a strong quarter in terms of 
because two, three months have already passed in Q1. Did we not see 
any impact in Q1 as of now or are we seeing some impact? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
So far, we have not seen any such impact in Q1. Now it depends on the 
rainfall. If the rainfall is early, then it will be good. If the rainfall is late, 
then April and May, two months have passed. Now without rainfall 
whatever the planning was, the purchase, the sales are according to the 
preparation. Sales of June month is based on the rainfall. What happened 
last year, before 15th June, around 10th June, the rainfall started. So, it 
was a very positive environment. Mainly, the placement in brand, then 
we connect it to B2B sales, so in that way, the sales in June month was 
at a high level. Like last year, if the rainfall comes early in June, then 
according to that, there will be no problem. If the rainfall is late, then 
there can be an effect. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Correct. Sir, I wanted to understand, as you said, we do not have a 
problem with Q1 inventory. The reason for this is geopolitically, many 
things are going mixed up. In the first year, we did not have any problem 
on the raw material side. Now, because prices are up and down, it is an 
uncertain scenario. We are prepared for Q1, but the extended positive 
monsoon season that will come, going forward. If it is expected that it 
will come, then the impact on the raw material side will not be a 
problem. This is your expectation that there will be no such thing. Right, 
sir? If we assume that. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes. 

 
Page 19 of 25 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Okay. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Sir, in this, suppose the price of raw material increases. The product on 
a crude base, for example, packing materials, bottles, solvents, there is 
an impact on that. This is passed on time to time otherwise it would not 
have happened because if the price increases it is a time-to-time pass-
on. It is the same in the past also. It is 1% to 2% where you cannot pass-
on. Rest, the cost increases. What strategy have we made? Every month, 
the price of raw material increases. At the same time, we are increasing 
the price of finished materials. Sometimes, we have to take a weekly 
decision that this raw material price has increased. For example, in the 
last March, there was volatility. At the same time, we took a decision 
and maintained the price. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
Sir, I wanted to ask you that in Q4, domestic and export institutional 
formulation is very good. Now, going forward, because of the 
geopolitical situation, is the export still decent or are you seeing some 
hindrance in export that there could be some impact on export? 
Domestic or export. Our institutional formulation is looking better. Any 
feedback from your side? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
In export also, we have improved last year. Our business before last year, 
before than current year has improved a lot. We have registered in two, 
three countries. We have seen a good growth in export. 
Sanjay Ladha: 
And this year also we are continuing that the export will be better for us 
in this year. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes.  
Sanjay Ladha: 
Alright sir. Thank you so much sir for answering my questions. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Okay. Thank you. 

 
Page 20 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Disha from Sapphire 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Disha: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes. 
Disha: 
Thank you so much, sir. Sir, my first question was again in the export 
segment. You mentioned that we have received registration in two, three 
countries. Other than that, what will be the other growth drivers? How 
are you looking at more growth? And how are our margins in export? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
In export, the margin is parallel to the domestic institutional sales. The 
GP margin is 15% to 20% and the EBITDA margin is 10% to 12%. Our 
process is continuous. Registration process goes on in a lot of countries. 
Wherever the registration comes from, the business starts in that country 
and new customers gets added. We get opportunity in a new country and 
we have an entry there. It is a continuous process. Before last year, we 
made a lot of improvements. Our improvement in export will be good 
this year also. We have also created a new team. 
Disha: 
Due to geopolitical tensions, there will not be a lot of hindrance for us? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
No ma’am. In export, in Gulf countries, there is an issue in the shipment. 
It is not problematic that there is no export due to shipment. Like our 
business in Iran and Iraq, there is a little disturbance and material is not 
going. But there, that much business was not there. Otherwise, 
everywhere else it is going on routinely and there is no such issue. 
Disha: 
Alright. Okay. In technical business sir, you mentioned that you made 
5% EBITDA. At optimal level, how much EBITDA can we make? 
When do we reach that level? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
At the optimum level, we can make 8% to 10% EBITDA. 
Disha: 
8% to 10%. Sir, will this happen in FY’27? 

 
Page 21 of 25 
Ramesh Talavia: 
No. It will take two to three years. 
Disha: 
Sir, how do you see the overall EBITDA margin in FY’27? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
In FY’27, our EBITDA margin which is currently at 9%. There will be 
0.5% to 0.75% improvement in that. 
Disha: 
Okay. In FY’27, what will be the CAPEX? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Our CAPEX will be around Rs. 50 crores.  
Disha: 
Okay. That is it from my side. Thank you. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is a follow-up from Praneet, SJ 
Investment. Please go ahead. He has put the call on hold. We will move 
on to the next question. It is from the line of Nitin Prajapati from Suyog 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Prajapati: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. Please proceed. 
Nitin Prajapati: 
Congratulations to all of you. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Thank you. 
Nitin Prajapati: 
Sir, there was a news in the media that Paraquat herbicide there is some 
band or something like that will that have any effect on Dharmaj sir?  
Ramesh Talavia: 
The state government of Andhra Pradesh has banned paraquat. We will 
not have a volumetric effect. Other products are available instead of it. 
It is not like that if paraquat will be banned then business will suffer loss. 
It has a lot of alternatives. Other products are used instead of it. 
Nitin Prajapati: 
It will not have a major effect? 

 
Page 22 of 25 
Ramesh Talavia: 
No. Not even 1%. 
Nitin Prajapati: 
Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Yogansh Jaswani, Mittal 
Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I hope I am audible. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes. 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
Sir, first of all, congratulations. You have given a good result in such a 
difficult time. Sir, I joined the call late, sorry if this question has already 
been asked. Our branded formulations or overall domestic institutional 
formulations business, Institutional has grown, but our growth in 
branded was a little less, I think, our season was weak after Q2 as you 
guided. But going forward, how do you think we can grow in the next 
one, two years? And to bring that growth what efforts will be there? Will 
it come from new states? Or some new states that we started in recently, 
will there be stability and scale-up? If you could explain this a little sir. 
Vishal Domadia: 
Our branded business, as we said earlier, we expect a growth of 20% to 
25% going forward. And in the new state, last year's exceptional 
condition of 3% growth, the major reason for this is if you will look at 
state-wise bifurcation. So, where we used to be strong, in the West, 
Gujarat, MP, Maharashtra and Rajasthan, it is shortfall from there. 
Where we have started in new state, it is on growth and on track. If I talk 
to you with data, then last year when we opened in four states, its 
contribution in sales was 7%. Right now, it is 14%. So, it is on track 
there. And definitely, we will do well there. The second strategy to 
increase visibility in the new states we have taken Rohit Sharma as the 
brand ambassador and we are utilizing it in the marketing campaign. 
 

 
Page 23 of 25 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
When you put update on Rohit Sharma, it was very good to see that 
company did a very good engagement. Company brought a very popular 
brand ambassador. So, good job to the entire team for this. Sir, one last 
question then I will go back to the question queue. As you said, we are 
planning a CAPEX of Rs. 50 crores. What will we do broadly and what 
will be the timeline of its execution? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Sir, it will be done in this year. In the current year. 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
And will it be done in the technicals side or the formulation side? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Our strategy is that we are separating the entire location of Herbicide. 
Right now, we have different units on the same location. So, there we 
have an issue of space. There is a lot of problem in movement of 
material. That is why we have chosen an entire separate location of 
herbicide. We will shift the existing product of herbicide to a different 
location. And there will be some capacity improvement. And the 
existing herbicide that we are making, we will convert that entire unit 
into insecticide and fungicide. Because, the business of formulation is 
the major segment. Around 75% something. And if we want to bring 
20% growth above that, we need space and for that we need some 
facility and capacity improvement. So, we have taken this decision so 
that our all-over movement is in a proper way. So, we will get the benefit 
of this in the next coming kharif season. Because, from February, the 
preparation, production, packing of herbicide starts which is required in 
the first quarter. So, for this, by the end of the third quarter, our total 
plant will be ready and we will commercialize it. 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
Sir, when this Rs. 50 crores spend will go in it, will it help us in growth 
in the next one, one and a half years or will the growth in the future also 
be serviced through this CAPEX only? I want to understand that from 
this a lot will be debottlenecked and will ease out from the facility. But, 
from your point of view, I do not understand that will it give us the 

 
Page 24 of 25 
potential of revenue growth for two, three years or will we have to spend 
another Rs. 20 crores, Rs. 50 crores on CAPEX? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
No. I mean the growth that we are bringing, last year we brought 20% 
and now we are bringing 18%, 20%. So, it is necessary for that. 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
Ramesh ji, I mean to ask that as this Rs. 50 crores will be spent, will it 
help us in growth in the next one, one and a half years? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes, it will be a benefit for the next three years for our growth part. 
Yogansh Jaswani: 
Got it sir. Thank you so much sir and all the best to you and your entire 
team. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit from I thought 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
Can you hear me? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Yes, I can hear you. 
Rohit: 
Good afternoon, sir. Very good results. Sir, previous participant asked 
you a question about branded formulation business in which you had 
answered that there was a little problem in our strength last year. Was 
the reason only season or something else according to you? 
Ramesh Talavia: 
No. The reason is suppose our Gujarat is strong, so last year continuous 
rains affected Gujarat more in August and September. So, there was not 
enough consumption at the farmer level. So, our growth story in Gujarat 
was down. Mainly Gujarat and some part of Rajasthan and some part of 
MP. So, where our old was good, our strength, our volume was good, 
our business was good, there we got a setback. In the remaining states, 
we got the most growth. But here, our revenue was the most. 

 
Page 25 of 25 
Rohit: 
So, in this year if the season goes well, there can be good growth in 
branded formulation. Because the base is low. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Absolutely. 100%. 
Rohit: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. All the best. 
Ramesh Talavia: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we 
will end the call now. On behalf of Dharmaj Crop Guard Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
