 
 
 
 
  
              To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                    Date: June 05, 2026 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001(BSE 
Scrip Code: 543389) 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051 
(NSE Symbol: SIGACHI) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Q4 FY 2025-26 Results 
 
Unit: Sigachi Industries Limited 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 30, 2026 audio recording of Q4 FY 2025-26 earnings call, please 
find attached herewith the transcript of the earnings call held on Saturday, May 30, 2026 at 4:30 PM IST. 
The same is also available on the company's website at www.sigachi.com  
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Sigachi Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Vivek Kumar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
VIVEK 
KUMAR
Digitally signed 
by VIVEK KUMAR 
Date: 2026.06.05 
12:30:43 +05'30'

1 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
      Event Date/Time     : 30/05/2026, 16.30 Hrs. IST 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
Mr Amit Raj Sinha 
MD & CEO 
Mr O.S. Reddy 
CFO 
Ms Riddhi Shah 
Go India Advisors 
Moderator: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Akash, moderator for the conference call. Welcome 
to Sigachi Industries Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a 
reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there'll be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 on a touch-tone telephone. Please note, this conference is 
being recorded. 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Ms. Riddhi Shah from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
 
Riddhi Shah: Thank you, Akash. Good afternoon, everyone. It's my pleasure to welcome you on behalf of 
Sigachi Industries Limited. Thank you for joining us today for Q4 and FY26 earnings call. We have on the 
call Mr. Amit Raj Sinha, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. O.S. Reddy, Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Vivek Kumar, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. Please note that the today's 

2 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
discussion may include certain forward-looking statements, and must therefore be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks that the company faces. 
I will now like to hand it over to the management for opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Amit Raj Sinha: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
of Sigachi Industries Limited. The financial results and investor presentation have been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges. I hope everyone had opportunity to review them. 
FY26 was a year of challenge, reflection and decisive action for Sigachi. For the past several quarters, our 
focus has remained firmly on execution, operational discipline, and reinforcing the foundations required 
for sustainable long-term growth. Today, the company is operating with stable business continuity, 
continued customer engagement, and steady progress across its strategic priorities.  
The efforts undertaken over the course of the year have been directed not only towards maintaining 
operational continuity, but also towards strengthening the organizational structurally through sharper 
oversight, stronger systems and greater execution discipline across functions. These remain important 
priorities for us as we continue to build a more resilient and future-ready organization. During Q4, our 
operations remained stable and customer engagement continued to be healthy across geographies. 
Our cellulose-based excipient sale quantities stood at 14,857 metric tons with nearly 82% capacity 
utilization. The 12,000 metric tons per-annum MCC capacity project at Dahej, continues to progress in line 
with planned timelines and upon commissioning is expected to increase our total cellulose-based 
excipient capacity to 30,000 metric tons per annum by Q4 FY27. In parallel, the 1,800-ton CCS facility at 
the same location, Dahej SEZ is also progressing steadily and will support our strategy of expanding into 
higher-value excipients categories and strengthening our overall product mix. 
The API R&D center continues to strengthen our development and regulatory capabilities while 
progressing on the CEP filing supports our long-term expansion into the regulated markets. Our O&M 
vertical remains a steady contributor and continues to evolve as a scalable service platform aligned with 
long-term growth priorities. 
We have also continue to strengthen our organizational leadership and people capabilities. During the 
quarter, we welcomed Mr. Atul Dhavle as the Chief People Officer whose experience in building scalable 
organizations and leadership systems will support Sigachi's next phase of growth. As we move into FY27, 
our priorities remain centered around operational discipline, execution of key expansion projects, 
strengthening our product portfolio and improving profitability through consistent and focused execution. 
To our employees, customers, partners, lenders, and shareholders, thank you for your continued trust 
and support through a demanding year. Your confidence in this organization has been important to us 
and we are committed to honoring it through what we deliver in the quarters ahead. With that, I now 

3 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
invite our CFO, Mr. O.S. Reddy to take you through the financials and operational highlights for Q4 FY26. 
Thank you. 
 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, sir, and good afternoon, everyone. During Q4 FY26, Sigachi reported total 
operating income of INR 121.89 crores, EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 15.4 crores with a margin of 
12.63%. Net profit came in at INR 7.6 crores translating to a PAT margin of 6.23%. The MCC segment 
contributed INR 85.33 crores, while the O&M and API segments recorded revenues of INR 14.63 crores 
and INR 17.06 crores respectively. Guidance for FY27, we expect revenue to be in the range of INR 650-
675 crores with an EBITDA margin of around 18-20%, supported by incremental capacities from Dahej and 
Jhagadia and an improved product mix through the year. That concludes my updates. Now we can open 
the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If 
you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad, and wait for your turn to ask the 
question. If you like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. In the interest for 
a and fair chance for all, we request the participants to restrict themselves with three questions initially 
and follow the queue for more question. The first question comes from the line of Mr. Darshil Jhaveri from 
Crown Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Firstly, 
congratulations on a great set of results, sir. Sir, just wanted to understand, we've given a very clear-cut 
guidance for FY27. But in FY27, our CapEx are not coming online in the start of the year, right? It's going 
to come towards the end. So how do you see FY28 going forward when we have the full capacity of Dahej 
and the CCS coming online. So, what do you can see in terms of extra revenue coming in, sir? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Thank you, Darshil. The additional revenues come from the Dahej and Jhagadia, the 
enhanced capacities. And also, API, we are expecting a good growth, and also the continued O&M 
expansion, every year, it is giving a good growth. This year, that's why that is only around 650 to 675, only 
is the range we expected because the expanded capacities of 12,000 metric tons from the H2, that is a 
new facility, which is expected to come by end of the FY27, though. In meanwhile, the existing the Dahej 
and Jhagadia capacities are going to increase and also API and going up. Because of that, we can achieve. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello? Yeah. So sorry, sir. Yeah. 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Thank you, Darshan. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yeah. Hello? 
O.S. Reddy: Hello. Yes. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yeah. So, sir, I just wanted to understand. So next year, once the full thing comes in, so 
we are going from current 18,000 to additional 12,000 capacity we are adding. So, can we see in terms of 

4 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
the 65% sample, I think, we are targeting, right? So that would also mean, Around the 40% growth in just 
volume tonnage. So, can we see a corresponding growth in revenue in FY28, sir? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes, yes. We can. 
Amit Raj Sinha: Darshan, yes, of course, we will see that. But I would just to tell you that the first quarter 
of the next financial year, the ramp up will not be at absolute 100%. The capacity utilization gradually 
moves up QoQ. So the Q1 will probably be at 30%. Q2 will gradually probably move at 40, 45, or 50, and 
likewise for the last two quarters for the new facility. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Fair enough, sir. And, sir, just wanted to understand, in our current year FY27, sir, 
do we have any seasonality? Because how do you see that our revenue, in terms of H1 and H2? Because, 
usually, we have a very steady run rate. So, you can expect the INR 650 crores to be very steady. 
O.S. Reddy: In the second half, that would be more. Q2 is more than Q1. Q2 always – sorry, H2 is always 
higher than H1. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay. 
O.S. Reddy: And so, it will ramp up is. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yeah. And, sir, with regards to margin, sir, when we are saying 18-20% right now, I think 
we are around 7%. So, again, H2 will be towards the higher end of margin or at least the margin we can 
start seeing from Q1 itself, sir? 
O.S. Reddy: In H2, that will be more. Even if you observe Q4, Q4 margins are better around 13-14% is 
there. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yeah. 
O.S. Reddy: That will, in the Q1 of FY27, Q2, gradually it will move on -- It will increase. At the end, we are 
expecting around 18-20%. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. I have more questions. I'll just join back in the queue. Thank you. 
O.S. Reddy: Thanks, Darshil. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Syed Nawaz, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Syed Nawaz: Thank you so much. Sir, I have questions regarding the insurance proceeds for Sigachi. In the 
last earnings call, I guess, we were informed that the insurance proceeds will be processed by March 31. 
So, what is the status on the insurance claims, and how is it going? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Thank you, Syed Nawaz. This we expected in during by March, but there is a slight delay 
in the procedure. And now it is in a moment some discussions are going on. By end of maybe around 25th 

5 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
or 30th of June, we are expecting some ad hoc amount. And later on, that will be settled. Now discussions 
are actively on. 
Syed Nawaz: Okay. Another question that I have is regarding the API thing, which happened for cystic 
fibrosis. So, the target was originally that by Q4 FY27, this would be operational, and we would see 
revenue coming from this aspect as well. So, what is the status on that project, sir? If you could help guide 
us with that, please. 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. The cystic fibrosis, during this year, we thought of the filings, and, anyway, this is patent 
is going to, patent is under till 2039 by the innovator, and we have cracked the chemistry and the 
application that this year we can file, go for the filing this current year. 
Syed Nawaz: Okay. So, will the production start this year only, or how is it going to be? 
O.S. Reddy: The R&D-level, it's over. And then after filing, then we'll discuss with the innovator, and then 
after that we'll come to know exactly what when we'll start. 
Syed Nawaz: Okay. Alright. Thank you so much. And also, last question, sir, regarding the normalcy in the 
margins and all because before the accident happened, the margins were in the range of 15-20%, EBITDA 
margins I'm talking about. So, by what time can we expect the normalcy to return in the business? Because 
it was very unfortunate that it happened. But for the future course, what do we think? What would be 
the duration by when we can attain the same numbers again? 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt, Syed, sir. We would request you to join back the queue for more questions, 
sir. 
Syed Nawaz: Okay. Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. We have the next question from Mr. Vats Jain, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Vats Jain: Hi. Thanks for providing me this opportunity. I had a few questions regarding the API facility. 
So, for FY26, what is the current utilization level of the Grandmax API facility? 
O.S. Reddy: Around 65-70% is there. 
Vats Jain: Okay. Another question I had how does the management is planning to fund robust CapEx 
initiatives? Like it could be an internal or an external fundraising? 
O.S. Reddy: Some internal accruals and also the fundraising also, just it is under discussions. Either we go 
for fundraising fresh or otherwise, we go for the term loan. 
Vats Jain: Okay. Do we have any guidance around that? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Yeah. At appropriate time, we'll disclose it. Right now, that is in a fluid stage. 

6 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
Vats Jain: Okay. Thanks for that. And another question I had. So, when is the CCS facility expected to be 
commercialized? 
O.S. Reddy: CCS facility is expected to be commercialized by maybe the first quarter of FY28. 
Vats Jain: Okay. Do we have any specific timeline around that, maybe a QoQ thing or H1 time? 
O.S. Reddy: This QoQ, that is expected in FY28, first quarter. And then the commercialization also, it 
happens immediately, the revenue is also expected to achieve it from that. And by end of FY27, we are 
going to the COD will come for MCC 12,000 metric tons capacity. 
Vats Jain: Okay. Thanks for this. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Avnish Burman from 
Vaikarya. Please go ahead, sir. 
Avnish Burman: Hi, good evening. Amit, just a couple of questions. One, your FY27 guidance seems to be 
pretty strong at about 35% growth. Out of this, what kind of growth are you expecting from MCC? Hello? 
Amit Raj Sinha: Yes. I understood that. So currently, the capacity utilization is at around 60%. I believe we 
should be able to take it to a comfortable near 95, 97% on this. Rest of the growth would come in from 
the API, the O&M, and the other verticals of food and nutrition. 
Avnish Burman: Okay. Just help me understand this, please. So, after the accident, I would have assumed 
that some of your customers would have shifted to the competition. And also, in my understanding, this 
was a very sticky business, because the cost of the as a percentage of the cost of, let's say, the tablet is 
very, very low. So, unless you have a really good reason to shift to another supplier, the customer doesn't 
really want to shift. You know, it's a bit of a headache for us to shift. 
Now because of the accident, if some of your customers have shifted to the competition, the guidance 
means that you are very confident of getting those customers back. So how is that happening? If could 
just give some qualitative color on that. 
Amit Raj Sinha: So see, I'll tell you the catch point here is that the customers are definitely sticky. There 
is no second thoughts on that. However, because this is a very small percentage of the total purchase for 
a formulation mix. The APIs probably a big bigger chunk, 60-70% of the cost. The formulation guys always 
have Vendor 1, Vendor 2, Vendor 3. 
And the second and the third vendors are usually kept dormant. And when there's a situation across the 
supplier, they kind of reactivate the Vendor 2 and the Vendor 3. So, what has happened is that we 
continue to be the approved supplier across our customers. Among some of them, where the demand 
continues to be high, they have moved on to Vendor 2, because we have not been able to supply them 
because of loss of capacity. 

7 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
But I believe because of the kind of relations we maintain, because of the kind of the length of relations 
which is there with them. The moment we have our products back on track, we will be among the 
preferred vendors, and we will get back our volumes. 
Avnish Burman: So how I'm understanding is that because of the non-supply, you move to Vendor 2. But 
as soon as your supplies will come back, you will be given a priority to be moved back to Vendor 1 because 
of your relationship. Is that how we should see this? 
Amit Raj Sinha: Yes, Avnish. That's right. 
Avnish Burman: Okay. Great. I'll get that. 
Amit Raj Sinha: Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We have the next question from Mr. Ganesh Prasad, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Ganesh Prasad: How are you Sir? Sir, Somewhere the report is coming that the Insurance we had for our 
Hyderabad facility was an under insurance, Is that right sir? 
O.S. Reddy: No, no. Hi, Ganesh. There is no under-insurance that is perfectly insured. 
Ganesh Prasad:  And till when this plant earning be accrued sir? 
Amit Raj Sinha: So, Ganesh, that is not our focus right nowour focus is not that because, we have land 
available. We focused everything back on the other facility wherein we started fresh, and we are already 
building up on the 12,000 metric tons capacity, double of the Hyderabad capacity. Because it is under 
legal issues, we didn't want to really delay it because in case we get we pump in money and it gets stuck 
on some legal issue, unnecessarily time and resources will be wasted. So Sigachi had land at Dahej SEZ, 
and project has already commenced some time back. 
Ganesh Prasad: It's a very wise move. Thank you. 
Amit Raj Sinha: Thank you, Ganesh. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Vasu Goenka, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead, sir. Yes. 
Vasu Goenka: Hi. So good afternoon to everyone, and thank you for taking the question. So, I have two 
questions from early. One is that what is the API revenue bifurcation for next year? How much we are 
expecting that the API revenue will be? 
 
O.S. Reddy: PLI. Thank you, Vasu Goenka. Another INR 10 crores we are expecting in next financial year, 
INR 8-10 crores. It depends on --  
Vasu Goenka: And what is the growth rate we expected? 

8 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
O.S. Reddy: Growth rate in PLI, you're asking? Production Link --  
Vasu Goenka: Not the PLI, sir, API. You're the API segment. 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. API, we are expecting around this year, we have achieved around INR 60 crores. Next 
year, we are going to achieve around more than INR 100 crores. 
Vasu Goenka: Great. Okay. And my second question is regards to the promoter shareholding. The 
promoter shareholding has been declining for last two years almost. So, is there any chance that this 
number will ramp up soon? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. We are expecting promoters are intended to increase their shareholding. It will not come 
down at least, and gradually, it will go up. 
Vasu Goenka: So will it be back to the accident timelines, the same 48-49%? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. That is the intention of the promoter. So gradually, it will go up. 
Vasu Goenka: Okay. And my last question is that, is there any legal repercussion which is from the 
Hyderabad plant, which we explained that something out of the blue can happen on that proportions? 
O.S. Reddy: For Hyderabad production, anyway, it takes some time. In the expansion also, we have taken 
apart our Dahej facility. This will take in near terms, maybe after six months, we'll get clarity on that. 
Vasu Goenka: But my question is on the legal repercussions. Will there any kind of penalty or something 
that? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Anyway, that is under court, and it is the matter is under sub judice. We don't, yes. We 
don't expect any. 
Vasu Goenka: Alright. Thank you so much. I have few more questions. I will be on in line. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you also. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. We have a question from Mr. Paramjeet Singh, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Paramjeet Singh: Yeah. Good afternoon, Mr. Amit and the team. Sir, my question is regarding your 
Hyderabad facility. Do you still have any liability with respect to that? Do we see some exceptional losses 
coming up because of that facility in FY27? 
 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Thank you, Paramjeet. As far as we our expectations, we have fully provided the 
provision. In fact, some reversal would be there, and we hope there would not be any additional surprises 
or expectations. We have provided full provision. 

9 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay, sir. And in future, do you have any plans to restart that plant? I know it is under 
as a matter of sub judice, and it may take its own time. But do you have anything come one year down 
the line, we will restart this plant, or you're going trying to shut down this facility? 
Amit Raj Sinha: Mr. Paramjeet, we will take the appropriate decision once the matter is cleared by the 
court. Till the matter is in the court, we can keep having thoughts, but it might not really turn around the 
way we want it. So, we are just waiting for the matters to get cleared from the court. Once it is cleared 
from the court, I think we will see in the bigger interest of the long-term growth as to what is the best 
options available, and we will go ahead with that option. 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay. Alright. Got it. So matters in the court typically takes, I mean, what is your 
assessment and analysis, sir, I mean, will it be kind of fully cleaned and clear in one year's time? Or you 
have some data on that? 
Amit Raj Sinha: Paramjeet sir, the matter is sub judice, so I think less spoken, the better, sir. 
Paramjeet Singh: Yeah. Got it. Alright, sir. 
Amit Raj Sinha: Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question is a follow-up question from Mr. Vasu Goenka, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead, 
Vasu Goenka: sir. Yes. So, another question is in regards to the current debt obligation. It stands at INR 
145 crore as of now. So do we see this debt repayment and what will be the structure on the same? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Thank you, Vasu. This as of now, we don't have any long-term debt. This is only towards 
the working-capital debt only. Other than that, we don't have any long-term debt. 
Vasu Goenka: Okay. Lastly, how about the current capacity utilization for MCC? Is it only, it was upwards 
of 75-80%? How is it going now? 
O.S. Reddy: Now also as of now, as on 31st March, it is around 75-80% only. But going forward, it will 
increase in this year. In this quarter, already started. That will increase. And also further, at the end of the 
year, we are expecting another 12,000 metric tons. 
Vasu Goenka: Alright. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for your answers. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, Vasu sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Ravi Kumar Kantipudi 
from Indian Overseas Bank. Please go ahead, sir. 
Ravi Kumar Kantipudi: Sir, what is the percentage of exports to in our total turnover and to how many 
countries, sir? And what is the prospectus that our products to export, export to turnover, how much? 

10 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
O.S. Reddy: Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Ravi Kumar. The export turnover for FY26 is around 65% and we are 
exporting total in our portfolio around 60 plus countries are there. Actively, we supply the major chunk 
will go to the USA and neighboring countries and European and other countries also. Around total, 60 
countries are there in our portfolio. 
Ravi Kumar Kantipudi: Okay, sir. But our performance will not be reflecting in the market seeing or, why? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Because of this disturbance in June, the Hyderabad incident after that, there are even, 
because of in last quarter, geopolitical situations also, the exports didn't happen. That's why the exports 
percentage also it has come down for the entire year. Last year it was around 72%. 
It has come down to around 65% because in February and March, the exports didn't happen, domestically 
we have sold. That is one of the reasons for reduction. And after post incident, there was additional 
expenditure we have incurred because of that the profitability has come down, and the business also, it 
has come down a little. But again, we expect that it will go again back to normalcy. We'll ramp up. 
Ravi Kumar Kantipudi: Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question is a follow-up question from Mr. Syed Nawaz, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Syed Nawaz: Thank you so much, sir. Sir, I have the question regarding the normalcy in business. So 
basically, as I previously mentioned that before the incident happened, the margins were at the range of 
15-20%. And after the incident, again, the margins fell down to singular digits. So, when do we expect this 
normalcy to come back in the business? And basically, when would we get to see the same operating 
margins and the net profit margins again? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes, yes. Gradually, it is increasing. The main reason for reduction in profits post incident is 
we have the safety audits and internal audits, external audits and customer audits and safety precautions 
taken and because of the war rates increased and production also it didn't increase. Because of that, there 
was a drop in the margins. But gradually from this year, it will go up and maybe we are expecting by FY27 
or mid of FY28, it will come to complete normalcy. 
Syed Nawaz: Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Vats Jain, an Individual 
Investor. It's a follow-up question. Please go ahead, sir. 
Vats Jain: Hello, sir. Thank you. Just had another question. What is the status of JV in the Middle East? 
And, are we getting any revenue from that any guidance from management on that? 

11 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, Jain. Because that present keeping you of the present global situation, sir. We just 
kept it on hold. Maybe after it comes to normalcy, the global war and all international situations, maybe 
after six months, we'll come some clarity. Right now, we have kept it on hold. 
Vats Jain: Okay, sir. So, what timeline can we expect it to resume? 
O.S. Reddy: Maybe another six months. 
Vats Jain: Okay, sir. Got it. Thank you. 
Vats Jain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. Next, we have a follow-up question from Mr. Vasu Goenka, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Vasu Goenka: Yes. Thank you so much. Probably, so just want to understand, as earlier informed, the APIs 
INR 100 crores. Number was INR 100 crores. Can you specify the percentage of the total revenue? Earlier, 
it was mentioned it will be 12%. So, are we still aligning for 12% or more than that? 
O.S. Reddy: It will go. This year, the percentage of API is 14%, and MCC contributed 70%, and O&M 
contributed 12%, API 14% and other are 4%. This year, API contribution, it will go up maybe around 18% 
up to nearly 20%. It will go up. 
Vasu Goenka: All right, sir. Okay. And lastly, is there an option available to get the physical annual report, 
the hard copy? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Okay. We'll -- anyway, the soft copy is available, but okay. 
Amit Raj Sinha: You can send in an email – Vasu, you could send in an email on the cs@sigachi.com, and 
if your address, of course, and in the needful would be done, not at all an issue. 
Vasu Goenka: Alright, sir. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you. 
O.S. Reddy: Sure. Sure. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. We have a follow-up question from Paramjeet Singh and the 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Paramjeet Singh: Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. My question is, what are your CapEx plan for 
FY27 and the distribution of the same? 
 
O.S. Reddy: Yes, sir. Thank you, Paramjeet. This CapEx, MCC 12,000 metric tons capacity expansion is 
going on at the H2 and also the CCS. MCC 12,000 metric tons, the CapEx is INR 106 crores, and CCS total 
project cost is around INR 90 crores. 
Paramjeet Singh: And this would all be done this year, or some of it is already kind of taken care of? 

12 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Already this year and next year, maybe first quarter also, some of the amount will be 
there, CCS. 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay, sir. And the way you are expanding, is it kind of okay to expect, let's say, INR 1,000 
crores turnover in FY28? 
O.S. Reddy: Not in FY28. Okay, anyway, this is futuristic, but next year, we'll get more clarity. But 
definitely, we'll reach INR 1000 crores in not in FY28, I mean, maybe FY29 or so, we hope. 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Raj Bora, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Raj Bora: Hello. Sir, congratulations for the results. I wanted to know one thing that, what are the plans 
for debt reduction of the management? 
O.S. Reddy: Debt reduction? 
Raj Bora: Yeah. 
O.S. Reddy: Debt reduction already -- now, it is showing as around INR 4 crores shares were pledged, but 
the debt outstanding is around INR 13 crores or so is there. 
Raj Bora: Okay. 
O.S. Reddy: Gradually, it is coming down, and then that will come down further by end of this year. And 
then gradually , as and when there is a need, then they will source, they will bring the funds, and then 
that can be paid off. 
Raj Bora: Okay, sir. And also, recently, there was a decrease in the credit rating. So, what were the 
management plans and opinions on the same? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Post incident, there is a reduction in profit. That's why all of sudden, there was a 
reduction in grade. This thing, degrading or downgrading of the rating. But gradually, we hope that will go 
up again. This year, Q4 profits are good, and even we are expecting in coming quarters, the profits will be 
good and the performance also, we are expecting it to be -- and then we expect that some rating 
improvements. 
Raj Bora: Okay, great. Thank you. Congratulations for your results. 
 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. We have a follow-up question from Mr. Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

13 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
Avnish Burman: Hi. Thanks for the follow-up. Amit, two questions again. One on the CCS, if you can give 
some color the time line that we hope to commercialize. And also, if you can give me just by giving your 
competitors balance sheet that it's a higher margin product.  
So do you make much higher margins here, or do you think you have to be a little aggressive on the pricing 
to pull in some customers? And then and what kind of margins will you make on this? 
O.S. Reddy: Hello. Yeah, Avnish. This CCS, but it gives higher profits, superior in excipient. And the price 
is, when we compare to MCC, almost two to three times higher than the MCC, and margins also on higher 
side. We expect that there is even now also, we are receiving inquiries and some of the customers are 
asking us to dispatch the CCS along with MCC. We are seeing a good demand for this also, and it gives 
good top-line as well as the bottom-line also. Margin contribution would be we are expecting that it. 
Avnish Burman: So can we expect a much higher EBITDA margin than 20% that you make on this? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Yes. Even this CCS, that would be even higher than that, around more than 20%. 
Avnish Burman: More than 20%, right? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Yes. 
Avnish Burman: And what are the time line? When do you expect to commercialize? 
O.S. Reddy: Q1 of FY28. 
Avnish Burman: Q1 of FY28. Yes, right. That answers the first question. Second, as for the guidance of 
FY27, the revenue and the margin guidance [inaudible 0:36:32] EBITDA margin, so, based on trying to 
grow? Or is it, like, how does it work? I mean, do the POs get signed for one year and then your confidence 
level is very, very high on achieving that INR 650 crore number? Or you are hoping to maybe get there 
during the course of the year? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. During already, we have some clients, some business talks up there. And also, we are 
expecting the additional contributions from API and the capacities from Dahej and Jhagadia will be 
increased. We expect that from all these activities, we hope we’ll achieve that 650-675 top-line with 
EBITDA margins of around 18-20%. Yeah. The major contributors are APA is there, the expanded capacities 
from Dahej and Jhagadia. And of course, the 12,000 metric tons, it comes in the last quarter. But all these 
put together, we can. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Raghav Rathi from 
Quadrant Holdings. 
 
Raghav Rathi: Good evening and thank you the opportunity. First of all, I would like to appreciate the 
management in taking initiative steps to getting back to normalcy after the fire incident. So my question 
is, in the coming two to three years, what I understand from the market is that demand for our product is 

14 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
always more than what we can produce. So, are we going to be doing CapEx continuously for the next 
two, three years where we can get to a capacity of MCC to around 50,000-70,000 metric tons? 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, Raghav. As we keep on, gradually, we keep on increasing capacities. So, anyway, 
market demand is there. And so long as demand is there, we have to increase the capacities. We are in 
the plans of increasing the capacities. 
Raghav Rathi: How much it is required to take our capacity to somewhere, like, around 50,000 metric 
tons? And do we have enough land for it, or do we have land that we are picking up to reach there? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes, Raghav. This 12,000 metric tons capacity at Dahej H2, there is a CapEx of around INR 106 
crores. In Dahej, we have 20 acres of land is available. And in Kurnool, we have 25 acres of land is available. 
There is enough land available. And going forward, we keep on increasing the situation, depending upon 
the requirement. And we also analyze the market for it. 
Raghav Rathi: And what will be our vision for -- where do we see our revenue and capacities by '28 or '29, 
probably the next two, three years? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. For the next one year, anyway, these 12,000 metric tons, MCC and CCS also with 19% 
of CapEx, it is coming up. And later on, we'll announce at appropriate time, what is the next expansion. 
But we expect there is expansion plans out there.  
Raghav Rathi: Thank you for answering your question, sir. All the best, Reddy sir. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Darshil Jhaveri from 
Crown Capital. It's a follow-up question. Please go ahead, sir. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Hello. Thank you so much for letting me ask the question again, sir. So just wanted to 
know, I think total around you're doing INR 200 crores CapEx, right? So, you said we might do a 100 and 
some debt. So do we have any rough mix of, you know, how much you want to fund raise, how much you 
want to use from debt, how much you want to increase at PAT level, sir? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Right now, as I have already indicated, that is -- what is the portion of fundraising 
through equity or debt. Some it may be a combination, but we'll announce at appropriate time. Right now, 
that is in fluid stage, some internal accruals and some the term loan would be there. The other one maybe 
from equity. We'll announce it, once we form our resolution. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yeah. So just wanted to understand, once the full capacity of CCS and the MCC come into 
play, What's the peak revenue we can generate from this, sir? 
 

15 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. So, these 12,000 metric tons, almost around INR 200-220 crores. So, the revenue, is 
expected. And from CCS, it is around INR 100 crores of revenue we can expect. And further, there are 
other clients also out there to increase revenues. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. 
O.S. Reddy: Apart from this existing, yes. 
Darshil Jhaveri: That's fair enough, sir. Yeah, that's it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. We have a follow-up question from Mr. Paramjeet Singh, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead, sir. 
Paramjeet Singh: Yes, sir. One more question that I have is, what is your CCS utilization across the Dahej 
and Jhagadia plant in Q4? 
O.S. Reddy: CCS utilization, you are talking about? CCS, to come up in Q1 of FY28. 
Paramjeet Singh: No. Sorry, sorry. MCC, I mean. 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. MCC, now the utilization is around 75-80%. 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay. Sir, I may be missing something, but you had your plant in Hyderabad getting shut 
down. And whatever were the requirements, obviously, you would like to push it to your other plant in 
Dahej and Jhagadia for MCC. But still, your utilization was 75%, right? I mean, any specific reason or 
constraint that help you not to move that utilization to somewhere in 90-95%? And what makes you think 
that this year, it can become 90-95%? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Post-accident, we had more concentrated on safety norms and safety protocols, safety 
equipment, and safety audits, internal and external audits. We concentrated more on that. That is the 
reason, the production side, it is under-utilization is there. But from this quarter onwards, it will go up. 
We concentrate on different side, yes. 
Paramjeet Singh: So, this year, you are confident, sir, that utilization will be north of 90%? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Yes. It will go up. 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay. One more thing. So, give us a color of your EBITDA margin across your different 
revenue streams that you have, including the API, O&M, and everything? How is the EBITDA margin profile 
across different revenue streams? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. The EBITDA margins, end up more steadily. It is around 21-22%. And the MCC, it is this 
time, it has come down post-accident. Otherwise, it will give from -- API, we are expecting more from this 
year, around 20-plus. 

16 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
But MCC, gradually, it will increase. Right now, this quarter, we had achieved around 13-14%, including 
other income, everything put in there, around 14.58%. If we separate the other income, then it is around 
12.5-13% is there. And MCC also, it will go gradually. And API, we are expecting good. 
O&M, as I said, that is around 21-22%. This year, we are expecting that O&M income, from O&M also, it 
will increase further. 
Paramjeet Singh: Okay. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. The next question is from Mr. Vasu Goenka, an Indian Investor. It's a 
follow-up question, sir. 
Vasu Goenka: Yes. Thank you so much for letting me ask another one. Just want to understand that, is 
there any PLI scheme again coming up for the concerned MCC? 
O.S. Reddy: Which one? Can you please repeat? I missed. 
Vasu Goenka: So there was a PLI scheme, the income which we have received last year. Is there any 
proceeds available for this year as well? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. This year also, we are expecting around INR 8-10 crores, it is expected to receive. 
Vasu Goenka: Okay. And secondly, basically looking after the statements. So, there was some assets, 
which is like declining, the other asset section. And it has declined by a good percentage. So can you 
specify this? 
O.S. Reddy: The assets, sir, because the insurance after the accident, we have written off those assets. 
And anyway, however, we are expecting insurance claim for that. 
Vasu Goenka: Okay, sir. And regarding this insurance thing, is there any caveat out there that there are 
certain degrees that the amount was of INR 60 crores? So is that amount is still INR 60 crores? Or, is there 
chances that this number will decrease? 
O.S. Reddy: Yes. Total, around INR 49 crores towards the fixed-asset loss and inventory loss of around INR 
4.5 crores, total INR 53.5 crores. And also, apart from this, we are expecting business-interruption loss. 
We have a policy for INR 25 crores, and we are expecting around INR 16.5 crores. This starts after the end 
of 12 months. After 30th June FY26, they'll review. 
Vasu Goenka: Okay. So, there's no caveat to it? Any other claimed or unclaimed issues? 
O.S. Reddy: Yeah. Right now, it is expected to receive, and then it is in our favor. 
Vasu Goenka: Alright. Thank you so much. 
 

17 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Investor Conference Call 
30/05/2026 
O.S. Reddy: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, sir. That would be the last question for the day, sir. Now I hand over the 
floor to the management for closing comments. 
Amit Raj Sinha: Thank you. As we conclude, I would like to reiterate that Sigachi enters FY27 with stable 
operations, expansion projects progressing in line with the plans, and an organization that has been 
meaningfully strengthened over the course of the past one year. Our strategic direction remains 
unchanged, expanding capacity, improving our product mix and delivering consistent and profitable 
growth through disciplined execution. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you 
for your participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your lines 
now. Thank you, and have a pleasant evening. 
 
