 
5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Registered Office: IIFL House, Sun Infotech Park, Road No.16V, Plot No. B-23, Wagle Estate, Thane - 400604  
Tel.: +91 22 41035000 I E-mail: support@5paisa.com I Website: www.5paisa.com I CIN: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
 
 
May 08, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Audited Financial Results (Consolidated & 
Standalone) for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026: 
 
In continuation to our letter dated April 28, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A, Para A of 
Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are 
enclosing herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, May 04, 2026 at 02:00 PM 
IST on Business Financials and Operations of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at https://www.5paisa.com/investor-
relations/recordings. 
 
We kindly request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
 
______________________ 
Gourav Munjal 
Whole-time Director & CFO 
DIN: 06360031 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
 
Enclosed: As above 
GOURAV 
MUNJAL
Digitally signed by 
GOURAV MUNJAL 
Date: 2026.05.08 
18:12:21 +05'30'

5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Earnings Conference call 
1 
04.05.2026 
 
 
 
5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Investor Conference call 
 
Event Date / Time: 04/05/2026, 14:00 hours 
Event Duration: 14 mins 54 secs 
 
 
Corporate Participants: 
 
Mr. Gaurav Seth 
Managing Director and CEO 
 
Mr. Gourav Munjal 
Whole Time Director and CFO 
 
Mr. Ameya Agnihotri 
Whole Time Director and CTO 
 
Q&A Participants: 
 
1 
Harshit Singhania 
:  Robo Capital 
2 
Sudhanshu Yadav 
:  Talencia Consulting LLP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Earnings Conference call 
2 
04.05.2026 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Akash, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to the 5paisa 
Capital Limited conference call. We have with us today, Mr. Gaurav Seth, MD and CEO. Mr. Gourav Munjal, Whole-
time Director and CFO. And Mr. Ameya Agnihotri, Whole-time Director and CTO. As a reminder, all participants 
will be in listen only mode, and there'll be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing, * and 0, 
on your touch tone telephone. Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand over the 
floor to Mr. Gaurav Seth. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Okay, thank you. Hi. Thanks, everyone, for joining. Good afternoon. I will take a few minutes to summarize our 
results and what we are upto then open the floor for questions. So, Q4 FY26, we'll give you a quick summary. The 
capital markets generally have been quite volatile as all of us know in the past couple months, specifically going 
to the geopolitical developments including the Iran war, and the macroeconomic uncertainty as well. And, of 
course, there has been quite an upheaval from the advent of AI both in the global markets and Indian markets as 
well. 
 
Both positive and negative, and positive that there's a lot of potential in the technology, but negative in the sense 
that the impact on certain companies and certain sectors where information is asymmetric and not very, very 
clear has impacted the valuation of a lot of companies across the globe, including India. In general, Brent crude 
prices crossed USD 100 per barrel. Where I believe it's probably even more than that as we speak, increasing 
inflationary pressures and led to the weaking of rupee against the dollar. The buyers have been continuing to sell, 
leading to about 11% decline indices.  
 
However, this has been a trend that we've been witnessing that has a lot of local domestic institutions and a retail 
money has been buying up the dip. And it's highlights to the strength of India's domestic investor base. There was 
likely expected some moderation on the retail participation in the markets. So that moderated with Demat 
account additions slowing down to about 8.5 million in this quarter which if you compare with previous quarter, 
was down about 3%. Despite this, in trading activity generally remained strong. Exchange retail, F & O, premium 
average daily turnover grew 22% QoQ to INR 78,000 crore. While exchange retail cash, ADTO grew 10% QoQ to 
INR 43,974 corers.  
 
From our company perspective, 5paisa, we remain focused on offering best in class solutions, continue to focus 
on high quality acquisition, which means acquiring high quality customers and increasing lifetime value. 
 
During the last quarter of the previous financial year, we improved on a lot of metrics, including our overall 
acquisition, base for organic acquisitions, stronger brand campaigns, and targeted engagement. So we acquired 
33% more customers as compared to the quarter before that. So, we acquired more than one lakh customers in 
the last quarter. There was also an improvement in our overall First year revenue and our CTR ratio, which is cost 
to revenue, from a payback perspective.  
 
Our total customer base reached 51.8 lakh, and in Q4, our F & O premium growth grew to INR 1,336 crores, which 
is an increase of 22% QoQ. Our average client funding book, which includes the regular T+5 margin book plus MTF, 

5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Earnings Conference call 
3 
04.05.2026 
 
 
totaled up to INR 410 crores, which was, again, an increase of 8% QoQ. Our MF stood at INR 1,761 crores, which 
is again a 6% decrease from a QoQ perspective and some part mark-to-market impacted this number because of 
that overall market went down which impacted the AUM. 
 
On our financial side, our broking revenue grew to INR 41.8 crore in the quarter, which is a 13% increase related 
to previous quarter. Aligned income was up INR 20.7 crore, which is up 5% increase Q-o-Q. And total revenue for 
the quarter was INR 85.5 crore, again, 8% increase Q-o-Q. Our employee costs increased due to hiring in product 
& Tech, marketing and AI teams. Other expenses also went up mainly because of higher customer acquisition 
compared to last quarter. And for this quarter, profit after tax back was INR 44.3 crore, and our network stood at 
INR 650 crores as of March 31st, 2026.  
 
I'll take a minute or a few minutes, to talk about, more importantly, what we have been investing in on the 
technology and product side. So, from a product update perspective, we launched, several features to improve 
the trading experience of our customers. We've included tools like Scalper, multi-chart setup, strategy builder, 
option chain, and alpha scan which help user execute faster and track positions better. We also added position 
tracking on option chain and grouping across indices. Further, we upgraded our API and partner ecosystem, 
Xstream and XTS, with Greek data, 20 depth APIs, and static IP support, which improved access and increased 
institutional participation. 
 
On the investing side, PayLater and MTF became important monetization driver. And we expanded our eligible 
stock universe from 700 to 1,500 plus stocks. And increased the investor limit to INR 3 crore. We have also 
improved mutual fund experience, launched an ETF dashboard, introduced SEBI compliant infrastructure, and 
reintroduced stock SIPs.  
 
Community features like trade pattern, trader stories are currently in development to support long term user 
engagement. Specifically on the tech side, we significantly reduced order placement latency, improved execution 
speed, and platform reliability along with modernizing our back-end systems. Some of the features that we 
introduced specifically on the tech infrastructure side was caching static data, reducing API across web and app 
platforms and optimize market free APIs with smaller payloads. We also made charting faster and improved load 
times. 
 
These efforts together improve latency, improved execution reliability, and supported operational excellence at 
scale. We were one of the first to actually introduce 5paisa MCP, which is an AI trading companion linked to 
broking accounts. This happened in actually the previous two quarters. In last quarter, we improved the product 
where somebody could use an MCP server to connect to the broking account and almost analyze and execute 
anything that they would do on the app via chat window. 
 
So, we successfully completed our rights issue, which was oversubscribed, and amount of money raised was INR 
468 crores. There was a strong participation from promoters and reaching a new investor, reflecting confidence 
in our growth strategy. And our networth increased to more than INR 1,100 crores which is strengthening of our 
balance sheet. This capital will be deployed to support business expansion, enhance market presence, and drive 
long term growth. Lastly, we remain committed to driving innovation, strengthening our product and technology 
stack, and leveraging AI to enhance customer experience. 
 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and welcome any questions. Thank you. 

5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Earnings Conference call 
4 
04.05.2026 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you have a question 
please press, * and 1 on your telephone keypad. And wait for your turn to ask the question. If you would like to 
withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1, again. 
 
The first question comes from the line of Mr. Harshit Singhania from RoboCapital. Please go ahead, sir. 
 
Harshit Singhania 
 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Moderator 
 
Yes, sir. 
 
Harshit Singhania 
 
Can you tell a bit about the utilization of the right money that we have raised? And how we're going to utilize it? 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
I don’t understand the question. You're talking about the how we're going to use the capital, right? 
 
Harshit Singhania 
 
Yeah. That's really right issue. 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Okay, right issue, right? So, I think we mentioned that in our draft prospectus also, letter of offer . So if you look 
at it we plan to deploy it in at a high level in three major areas. One is to support higher trading volumes as we 
anticipate higher growth. To support the margin extended to clients and what we need to keep with the 
exchanges. That's number one. Second is to grow our MTF book. This is where we're seeing good growth. And 
third is overall core business expansion via better marketing, brand development, and a lot of investment in 
product, tech, and AI. So those are the three major areas that we look we are looking to deploy capital. 
 
Harshit Singhania 
 
Have we utilized some part of this fund as of now?  
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Gourav you can take that specifically, technically speaking, yeah, go ahead. 
 

5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Earnings Conference call 
5 
04.05.2026 
 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Sure. So, we have already started. We have increased our margin, as per our prospectus. And right now, our margin 
has been increased to a 1.5 x from our existing capacity. 
 
Harshit Singhania 
 
Okay, great. Thank you so much, sir. That will be it from my side. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Mr. Sudhanshu Yadav from Talencia Consulting LLP. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
 
Sudhanshu Yadav 
 
Can you please give some recent glimpse on outcome & F&O and cash market shares? Last year, there was a 
discussion going on. What was the outcome of it? And what is customer acquisition strategy for 5paisa? 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Gourav, you want to take that? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, regarding your first question that customer outcome of the company. Outcome of the company is a simple, I 
mean, basically, we have uploaded our resultable financials as well as balance sheet, which shows that we have 
increased in revenue by 8%. Our profit is slightly declined because of tech investment as well as HR investment. 
So, nothing major, I mean, there is no unusual as outcome which we have already published. Second question, sir, 
about in respect of the customer acquisition strategy. Maybe you can take. 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
I think the customer acquisition strategy is , Just request if people are not speaking and go on mute. From our 
perspective, and I could just send strategies directly linked to what our overall company strategy is. And that is 
something that we want to focus play of deepening, where we are good at on in the trading stack, as well as 
growing our investing business, which is mutual funds and other products. So anyone who is looking to, let's say, 
whether it is a person who is a pro trader would look to come to us to carry out their trades or to improve their 
profitability or do more and more deeper things with the fact that is something that that that we're focused on. 
 
And on the other side, people who are specifically looking to build long term wealth and not necessarily trade. For 
that, we have other products like we have MTF. Have product, you know, ETFs, mutual funds, and some other 
products which are there in the pipeline. So that's really our overall strategy to acquire customers in the future. 
 
 

5paisa Capital Limited 
Q4FY26 - Earnings Conference call 
6 
04.05.2026 
 
 
Sudhanshu Yadav 
 
What about the market share? Please give some numbers. 
 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Market share, we have approximately 2% market share on, both F & O and cash. 
 
Sudhanshu Yadav 
 
Okay. 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on the telephone keypad. 
There are no further questions, sir. Now I hand over the floor to the management for the closing comments. 
 
Gaurav Seth 
 
Okay. thank you for attending. If you have any further questions, then I think, Gourav, please provide the email ID 
that they can reach out. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your participation 
and for using Door Sabha’s conference call services. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank you and have a 
pleasant day. 
 
***** 
 
Notes: 
1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
