 
 
 
 
investorrelations@aubank.in 
Ref. No.: AUSFB/SEC/2026-27/53 
Date: April 29, 2026 
  
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051, 
Maharashtra. 
NSE Symbol: AUBANK 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai 400001, 
Maharashtra. 
Scrip Code: 540611, 974093, 974094, 974095, 
974914, 974963, 975017, 975038 & 976580 
  
Dear Sir/Madam, 
  
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call for Financial Result for the Quarter and Financial Year 
ended on March 31, 2026 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
 
We submit herewith the transcript of the conference call held on Monday, April 27, 2026 for the 
Financial Results of AU Small Finance Bank Limited (“the Bank”) for the Quarter and Financial 
Year ended on March 31, 2026. 
 
In compliance of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, the transcript is also made available 
on the Bank’s website at https://www.au.bank.in/investors/quarterly-reports.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AU SMALL FINANCE BANK LIMITED 
 
 
 
Manmohan Parnami 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: F9999 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
Manmohan 
Parnami
Digitally signed by 
Manmohan Parnami 
Date: 2026.04.29 16:07:03 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
“AU Small Finance Bank Q4’FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
Mr. Sanjay Agarwal - Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Uttam Tibrewal - Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Vivek Tripathi – Executive Director and Chief Credit Officer 
MR. Yogesh Jain – Chief Operating Officer  
Mr. Gaurav Jain - Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ankur Tripathi - Chief Information Officer 
Mr. Prince Tiwari - Head of Investor Relations & FIG 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 25 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the AU Small Finance Bank Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prince Tiwari, Head of Investor Relations. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thank you, Sagar and Good evening everyone and a warm welcome to AU Small 
Finance Bank’s earnings call for the fourth quarter of financial year 2025-26. We thank 
you all for joining us this evening. On today’s call, from the management, we have 
our Founder, MD and CEO Mr. Sanjay Agarwal, Deputy CEO Mr. Uttam Tibrewal, 
Executive Director and Chief Credit Officer Mr. Vivek Tripathi, our COO Mr. Yogesh 
Jain, our CIO Mr. Ankur Tripathi and our newly appointed CFO Mr. Gaurav Jain and 
the IR team. As we announced today, Mr. Gaurav Jain has been appointed as the CFO 
of the Bank and I take this opportunity to congratulate Gaurav on his appointment. 
We will start today’s call with a 15 to 20-minute opening remarks from Gaurav, 
highlighting the Bank’s performance, positioning and outlook. We will then follow it 
up with a Q&A of 40 to 45 minutes from the participating analysts and investors. For 
the benefit of all participants and so that we can take everyone’s question, we would 
humbly request everyone to keep the number of questions restricted to two per 
participant and join back in the queue in case you have any further questions.  
With that, I now request Gaurav to kindly take us through his opening remarks. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Thank you, Prince. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. It’s a 
pleasure to welcome you all to our earnings call for the fourth quarter of FY26.  
On 19th April, we completed 9 years of our banking journey and I would like to take 
this opportunity to thank all of our stakeholders for their continued trust and support. 
As we enter the decadal year of our operations, we continue to focus on our core 
philosophy of sustainable growth and achieve our long-term objective of building a 
forever bank. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 25 
Coming to the operational highlights for the quarter, let me start with the operating 
environment. Geopolitical tensions in West Asia continue to weigh on global energy 
prices, currency markets, and supply chain, elevating overall risk sentiment. Indian 
macroeconomic environment, whilst relatively on a better footing, did see volatility 
across currency, yields, and business sentiment towards the latter half of March.  
As a retail-focused bank, we have no meaningful exposure to borrowers directly 
impacted by trade or supply chain disruptions. However, we remain watchful of the 
second-order effects, particularly fuel prices pass-through into inflation, 
consumption, and credit. 
Amidst this environment, we delivered a strong quarterly performance helping us to 
finish the year on a high note. Deposits growth remained strong at 10% quarter-on-
quarter and 23% Y-o-Y versus estimated private sector banking growth of 13%. Loan 
portfolio grew by 8% Q-o-Q and 21% Y-o-Y versus estimated private sector banking 
growth of 13%. Secured assets grew by 7% quarter-on-quarter and 23% year-on-year. 
Unsecured businesses also turned around with a 7% quarter-on-quarter growth, led 
by MFI and personal loans. 
On a Y-o-Y basis, unsecured portfolio declined by 1%. Margins expanded by 24 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter to 5.96%, led by a decline of 12 basis points in cost of funds, 
6 basis points benefit from lower gross slippages and higher NPA resolutions, and 
around 7 basis points seasonal benefit from lower day count in February. 
Cost to assets ratio continues to improve despite ongoing investments in manpower, 
distribution, branding, and technology. Excluding CGFMU premium, cost to assets 
ratio for full year declined by 19 basis points to 4.1% from 4.3% in FY25. Including 
CGFMU premium, cost to assets ratio was lower by 16 basis points to 4.2%. 
Asset quality saw continued improvement led by normalization in unsecured portfolio 
and seasonal improvement in secured assets. Slippages declined by 17% quarter-on-
quarter to ₹659 crores, leading to GNPA ratio declining by 27 basis points to 2.03%. 
Credit cost for Q4 declined to 0.6%, whereas credit cost for full year came at 96 basis 
points of average assets. Credit cost inclusive of CGFMU premium was around 1% of 
average assets for the full year. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 25 
Profit for the quarter grew by 25% quarter-on-quarter and 65% year-on-year to ₹832 
crores with ROA improving to 1.8% for the quarter. Profit after tax for the full year 
grew by 25% to ₹2,641 crores with ROA improving to 1.6% and ROE at 14.2%. 
Now let me briefly update you on some of our strategic initiatives. First, on the 
universal banking license. Pursuant to the Bank’s request, the RBI has amended the 
NOFHC requirement, which will now apply to the transition, universal bank only if the 
Bank or its promoter group proposes to establish any group entity in the future. 
Following this amendment, we filed the final license application in March '26 and 
await regulatory approvals. 
Second, on the succession planning. The Board and Executive Management continue 
to invest in increasing the leadership depth and we had made certain announcements 
during last quarter in this regard. To further update, RBI has approved the extension 
of our MD and CEO Sanjay Ji’s tenure for three years till April 2029. Our Deputy CEO 
Uttam Ji completed his term as Whole-Time Director in April. He will continue in his 
capacity as Deputy CEO leading the bank’s retail business vertical and increase his 
focus on on-ground engagement to drive growth, strengthen customer relationships. 
And expand the bank’s presence across newer geographies. Our Chief Credit Officer, 
Mr. Vivek Tripathi, has assumed the role of Executive Director for a term of three 
years following RBI approval. 
Third, on operating efficiency. There is a great degree of focus on driving operating 
efficiency over the medium term through multiple structural interventions. One of 
the key levers is Agentic AI, which provides an opportunity for us to completely 
reimagine our customer and employee-facing journeys. And we are systematically 
integrating Agentic AI capabilities into our core operations to make it exciting and 
easier for our customers to bank with us and faster for us to service them. We are 
also realigning our organizational structure by consolidating businesses, eliminating 
parallel hierarchies, and reducing redundancy. For example, agri business is now 
merged with business banking. And home loans and MBL businesses have started 
sharing back-end teams. We are also working to flatten our sales hierarchy, expand 
managerial span of control, enabled by real-time data visibility. 
Whilst striving these interventions, we continue to invest in scaling our franchise by 
adding to the sales team, expanding our distribution, and investing in our brand. 
Fourth, on our tech initiatives. We are embedding AI decisively into our core 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 25 
operating model. This is not an incremental adoption. It requires us to fundamentally 
reimagine how we operate, scale and serve our customers by delivering superior 
customer experience, higher productivity and scalable growth, without proportional 
increase in cost or headcount. 
Our tech roadmap focuses on adopting an enterprise-wide Agentic AI platform, 
developing AI use cases on our data platform, and driving process automation. And 
lastly keeping our core architecture modern. First, on the Agentic AI platform. We 
have implemented a deterministic, rule-driven Agentic AI platform built for high 
speed, personalized customer engagement with full end-to-end traceability and 
auditability. 
By removing the friction of fixed digital workflows, this platform empowers our team 
to serve our customers’ needs more effectively and expand product reach at lower 
cost. Our first AI-native loan origination system built on this platform went live last 
week for our gold loan business. We are now actively expanding this Agentic platform 
to mortgages, commercial banking, wheels, personal loan, and credit card LOS 
journeys. 
In parallel, we are building a model-agnostic multilingual platform for customer 
service enabling deeper customer understanding, end-to-end lead management, and 
enhanced cross-sell efficiency. To sustain and scale this transformation, we are 
establishing a center of excellence bringing together internal talent, global partners 
and cutting-edge capabilities to identify and implement AI use cases across the bank. 
Second key initiative on the tech side is around data engineering and AI-based 
analytics use cases. The Bank has built a unified data platform wherein most MIS and 
dashboards have migrated to this automated platform and our internal meetings are 
increasingly being conducted leveraging this platform, improving timelines and 
decision making. 
 
Building on this foundation, we are deploying AI and ML across credit underwriting, 
fraud decisioning, collections, and customer service. Multiple credit underwriting 
scorecards for new-to-bank and existing-to-bank customers are live for credit cards 
and personal loans enabling rapid decisioning. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Scorecards for personal cars, taxi, small CV, and vehicle refinance are under 
development. On AML monitoring, approximately 60% of alerts are reviewed and 
resolved through AI-based models with the majority identified as false positives 
within acceptable risk thresholds. Beyond dashboards and analytical models, a 
customer 360 view and customer-level profitability model covering both retail and 
commercial customers has been built to facilitate cross-sell and faster decisioning. 
 
Now we are adding AI layer on top of this data platform which can be used for 
querying any business KPI dynamically by just writing prompts in plain English. Our 
AI-driven collections bot is live, improving engagement and resolution speed. On 
customer service, inbound calling was launched as the bank’s first AI initiative across 
multiple languages. Outbound AI-led campaigns are underway across businesses with 
a target to scale up to 25% of total calls over the next 2 quarters. 
 
The third area of focus is technology transformation and automation. On the 
customer-facing side, our 0101 retail app has been revamped with a more intuitive, 
customizable interface. Our website has also been refreshed this quarter. On the 
asset side, our wheels business runs entirely on Salesforce LOS, personal loans are 
now live on the same platform, and credit cards will follow shortly. 
 
On liabilities, our branch banking account opening journeys are now fully STP with 
cross-sell embedded natively within onboarding process. On HR, we have migrated to 
Darwinbox 
consolidating 
our 
HRMS, 
employee 
helpdesk, 
and 
internal 
communications on a single platform. Across back-office functions, we are migrating 
to a workflow-based operating model with over 10 workflows being built across audit, 
risk, IT, compliance, and secretarial functions, reducing email dependency and 
strengthening audit trail. 
 
Lastly, to update on our core architecture. Migration of Fincare’s core banking system 
was completed in April. With this, the integration of Fincare into AU is complete. Now 
let me give some color on each of our businesses. Our deposit base now stands at 
₹1.52 crores, growing by 10% quarter-on-quarter and 23% Y-o-Y. 
 
CASA deposits grew by 9% quarter-on-quarter and 20% year-on-year with CASA ratio 
broadly stable at 28%. Our deposit strategy is anchored on three pillars: granularity, 
stability, and cost of funds. On granularity, we continue to grow our branch banking 
deposit book which constitutes around 60% of the overall deposits. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
New CASA account acquisition for FY '26 grew by 62% year-on-year, crossing the 
milestone of 1 lakh monthly acquisitions in December, a run rate which we have since 
maintained. Strengthening and scaling our deposit franchise remains one of our top 
focus areas. We are opening 80 to 100 newer branches every year, investing in our 
brand, and expect significant benefits to accrue over time from the anticipated 
transition to universal banking license. 
 
On stability, our focus within wholesale deposits has been on non-callable deposits in 
order to strengthen our resilience. Total stable deposits, which includes CASA, retail, 
and non-callable wholesale term deposits, was stable at 79%. On cost of funds, we 
saw meaningful improvement. Full year cost of funds declined by 32 basis points year-
on-year to 6.75% versus 7.07% in FY25. Q4 cost of funds was at 6.49%, down by 12 
basis points during the quarter. Our average LCR for the quarter was stable at 119% 
versus 118% last quarter. Also, the bank carried 15% additional liquidity in the form 
of non-LCR investments. 
 
Now moving on to our assets franchise. Retail secured assets, which includes wheels, 
mortgages, and gold loan, forms 66% of our portfolio and grew robustly at 21% year-
on-year. Within retail, our wheels book grew by 27% year-on-year to reach 
approximately ₹46,400 crores, driven by improving affordability across segments. 
Gold loan business has doubled this year from a low base to reach approximately Rs. 
4,000 crores. Our mortgages business comprising micro business loan and affordable 
housing grew by 11% year-on-year to approximately ₹42,400 crores in a highly 
competitive market warranting disciplined pricing and underwriting. 
Increasing growth rate in this business remains a key focus area and we are working 
to increase our productivity in newer geographies like Andhra, Karnataka, Telangana, 
Tamil Nadu, and UP. It’s important to note that in the last two years, we have nearly 
doubled our retail asset distribution to about 900 to 1,000 branches for each of our 
retail secured businesses. This expanded distribution is expected to support growth 
over the next few years. 
Moving on to commercial banking. Commercial banking forms 22% of our lending 
business and grew by 29% year-on-year and 12% quarter-on-quarter to reach around 
₹31,000 crores with an additional non-fund based book of approximately ₹11,000 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 25 
crores. We have carved out renewable energy as a dedicated segment within 
commercial banking, reflecting opportunity in this space. 
A strategic priority for commercial banking is self-sufficiency on funding. Currently, 
commercial banking sources approximately 56% of their funding requirements. 
Combined with transaction banking and CMS, our intent is to progressively run this 
as a fully self-funded business, a model that strengthens both margin resilience and 
customer stickiness. 
Now moving on to unsecured businesses. Our inclusive banking franchise, which 
primarily includes MFI, saw a strong sequential growth of 8%. Non-overdue collection 
efficiency in MFI has normalized to 99.7% for the current quarter compared to 99.3% 
for the previous quarter. 92% of the MFI book is now covered under the CGFMU 
guarantee scheme. 
Our digital unsecured portfolio comprising credit cards and personal loans grew by 
4% quarter-on-quarter. Personal loans portfolio witnessed a resumption in growth 
this quarter with a healthy 19% sequential increase from a low base. Credit card 
business broadly stabilized this quarter after nearly five quarters of de-growth and 
should start seeing gradual growth going forward. 
Moving on to P&L. Our profit after tax for Q4 grew by 25% quarter-on-quarter and 
65% year-on-year to ₹832 crores with ROA of 1.8%. For the full year, profit after tax 
increased by 25% year-on-year to ₹2,641 crores with ROA of 1.6%. Net interest 
income increased by 10% quarter-on-quarter on the back of strong growth in loan 
portfolio, lower cost of funds, and seasonally strong margins in the quarter. 
Full year NII growth was at 14%. Core other income saw 7% quarter-on-quarter 
growth driven by higher business volumes. Full year core other income growth was 
at 13%. Operating expenses for Q4 increased by 6% quarter-on-quarter, primarily 
reflecting higher business volumes. 
Provisions were down 19% quarter-on-quarter on account of normalization in 
unsecured businesses and seasonal recovery in secured assets. Full year provisions 
were also down 10%. The Board of Directors has recommended a dividend of ₹1 per 
share for FY26, subject to requisite approvals. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 25 
To conclude, FY26 has been a year of disciplined, consistent execution true to our 
long-term vision of building a forever bank. Our priorities remain unchanged, growing 
our core asset franchises, scaling liabilities franchise, and driving structural efficiency 
through AI and technology. 
We enter the next phase as a stronger, more diversified, and more efficient institution 
with products, technology, distribution, and people all firmly in place. We are 
inducting AI in our core operating model, which can lead to a complete reimagination 
of our customer journeys and provide a sustainable operating leverage over the 
coming years. We believe our franchise is capable of sustainably compounding at 2 
to 2.5 x of India’s nominal GDP growth rate, delivering consistent, predictable and 
long-term value to our shareholders. I thank our teams for their dedication and all 
our stakeholders for their continued trust.  
With that, I will now hand over to Prince for Q&A. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thanks Gaurav. Sagar, we can open the call for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Perfect. Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. Anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press star and then one on their telephone phone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question you may press star and then two. 
Participants are requested to use handsets, while asking questions. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Again, to 
register for a question, please press star and then one. 
Our first question comes from the line of Renish from ICICI. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Yes, hi sir. Congrats on a good set of numbers. Just two things. One, on this 
contingency provision creation of Rs. 21 crs during Q4. So you have mentioned that 
we have built this towards some specific accounts. Can you share some more details 
around these accounts, like it pertains to which segment-NBFC, real estate, 
Commercial Banking or maybe what is the aggregate exposure at Bank’s level? That’s 
my first question. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Renish, Vivek here. See, these are normal, these are not some high-value specific 
cases. These are normal business banking, working capital cases. We made a risk 
assessment of what amount is covered through our security and other things and 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 25 
there was a recommendation (from risk), hence we provided it. So, there is nothing 
specific to it. 
Renish: 
Okay because in PPT we have mentioned that.  
Vivek Tripathi: 
This is the internal risk assessment. 
Renish: 
Okay, I mean there will be like number of accounts, not maybe two, three accounts, 
something like this? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Yes, these are standard accounts basis the risk assessment, we just provided an 
additional provision, that’s it. 
Renish: 
Got it. And my second question is on the rationale behind hiking interest rate in 
savings account and TD much ahead of the industry. So are we experiencing some 
challenges in raising incremental deposit or is it that we anticipate better growth 
going ahead and to maintain CD ratio maybe we are hiking just rates to remain 
competitive? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes Renish, hi, Sanjay this side. So in terms of liabilities, we are not focusing on one 
data point or one way of building it up. It is a combination of three-four variables, like 
how much you want to raise, the cost of money, how you want to play [position] your 
CASA, how you want to play your retail versus wholesale liabilities, the overall CD 
ratio. But if you see our whole last year’s performance, our CASA ratio remained 
stable at around 28% - 29%. Our stable money is around 80%. Our cost of money, 
which we anticipating that it may a drop by only 15 bps to 20 bps, but it actually 
dropped it by around 32 bps. Our ALM is perfect match.  
So if you ask me, I think we want to play it in this manner this year too and it’s a 
periodic, month-on-month working. You can’t predict, you can’t have one specific 
rule for the entire year. There is ALCO every month and there is RBI’s monetary policy 
committee meeting every two months. So, we need to play with the environment.  
But focus will remain on two to three things. One, we want to build a very stable 
liability franchise. The focus of the Bank is entirely on that, be it the quantity, the 
quality and I’m very happy that being an SFB, where we don’t have a right to win 
much, but still the team is doing a phenomenally good job. They are building quality, 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 25 
quantity, [managing] overall cost of money. So, we are not playing a perfect game, 
right? We need to build it somehow, from somewhere. 
Renish: 
Got it. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
I think I would say that our 9-year journey has taught us that liabilities is a day-to-day 
business and we need to play every day. 
Renish: 
Got it. Okay. So, there is no, let us say, a structural trend one should assume, based 
on this. It is maybe on quarterly basis… 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, no Renish. I believe we need to play every day. We need to build it every day and 
the deeper we are going into a banking franchise, the more stable and more 
predictable we are now. 
Renish: 
Got it. Okay, that’s it Sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, thanks and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So firstly, with respect to 
ROA, we are almost at 1.8% now on exit level. So, what would be the focus, maybe 
we would still try to drive it up further or sustenance of that will be critical? And what 
would be the levers available to drive it? No doubt there would be some levers on 
opex, but would it get offset by other measures and we will just try to sustain it at 
1.8%? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So Kunal, obviously, we know that Q4 is always seasonally strong. So the ROA at 1.8% 
reflects that strong seasonality. Our goal would be to maintain this ROA or achieve 
this ROA on a full-year basis for next year. And, the levers on that clearly, as we 
mentioned earlier as well, we are doing a lot of work on our operating efficiency, so 
we should see continued improvements year-on-year on the opex to assets ratio. So 
that’s one. Second is, we are coming out of some of a… 
Kunal Shah: 
Any targeted level? 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 25 
Gaurav Jain: 
Sorry, no, so there’s no target. I’m just giving you, directionally what we are working 
on. It’s difficult to guide you on a line-by-line basis on the ROA tree. And second is on 
the credit cost front, as we are coming out of somewhat of a crisis in MFI and the 
credit cost has normalized. Similarly in the credit card business as well, the credit cost 
is normalizing. So we expect on a full-year basis next year these two things in 
particular to drive our credit cost lower than the full year in the current year. So I 
think these are the two levers to watch out for next year and we’ll see how we 
perform against these two. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sure. And on margins, you’ve indicated some break-up with respect to, say 6 bps 
benefit because of the lower slippages and 7 bps due to lower day count. So is there 
an element of IT refund as well, as some recoveries which is indicated in that 
paragraph. So how much if you can quantify that because there would be some 
pressure on yields as well? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So, I think on this there was some IT refund. I would not say that it was material to 
the overall movement. It helped by a tiny bit but nothing specific to call out there. 
But in terms of, overall outlook on the margin, we’ve seen sort of strong improvement 
in our cost of funds continuing for the last two quarters. 
 
But with this rate increase that we’ve taken, we think cost of funds may have 
bottomed. And some of the seasonal factors which I spoke about, which were there 
in this quarter, won’t be there for the next quarter or two. So, I think to that extent, 
there’ll be an impact on margin. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. Perfect. Yes, thanks and all the best. Yes. 
PT: 
Thanks, Kunal, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Hello, Yes hi, good evening. Congratulations on strong performance. So, I have two 
questions. One is on technology, like we have spent a good time on technological 
prowess that the Bank is building including the investments in Gen AI, Agentic AI. How 
do you see this translating into our business volumes and what kind of cost ratios will 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 25 
you now target over the next two-three years as the Bank transitions to Universal 
Bank? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, so Nitin, second question? 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
No, second is more on similar lines like because as an SFB, the range on cost ratios is 
generally very tight and it’s very narrow across the banks. Most SFBs are like 
operating around late 50s to somewhere in 60s. And but as a Universal Bank, the 
range is very vast. There are banks below 40s also and so where like AU, which 
generally has been best-in-class on many parameters as an SFB, how will you want to 
position yourself on cost ratios now, as you undertake this transition 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No Nitin, so let me answer first. So I think why we have given you an elaborate, 
description in our presentation and of course by our CFO, Gaurav, is because we are 
investing a lot in our tech. And you know that we have around 7-8 asset classes, we 
need to build our liabilities franchise, we want to build it pan-India and there is lot of 
challenge in terms of language, in terms of making everybody understand product, 
process and align everybody to one goal. When you want to become a pan-India 
franchise, something needs to be stitching everybody, right? And we believe at AU 
tech is that medium that can connect, you know, all our 60,000 people with all the 
diversity on the ground be it product, be it distribution, channel, processes, policy; 
there is a lot of friction honestly. You might want to do lot many things from top, but 
you can’t do it on the ground because there is high friction at every level.  
So I think now tech is actually solving it, much has been solved over the years, but I 
think now AI is really helping us lot into it. And we are not saying that AI only will help 
us in back-end automation or back-end processes or back-end policies, we want to 
take it to the front-end as well. And I’m so happy to say to all that we have launched 
our first AI-led LOS in Gold loans and we actually have given two-three loans on 
Saturday, today also, which is a 5-10 minute journey, frictionless.  
We believe that AI will allow us to connect with people internally and externally 
seamlessly, in their own comfort, language. So in my opinion, even if there is a 10th 
pass employee, they can also be given job and with the help of AI tools in their hand, 
they can be as productive as anybody else on the ground because AI will be doing lot 
much, as the main I would say communicator with the customer and the boy will be 
only doing the necessary things.  

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 25 
So we want to invest a lot on those things and I’m not able to imagine what kind of 
cost reduction AI will do because it’s in a very early stage. But, if you ask me, being an 
retail physical-oriented franchise where the cost would always be high, I think AI will 
help us in two ways. One, our productivity will go up, our channel distribution can go 
up. Our scale management will be lesser in terms of risk and all those things. So 
eventually the cost will get addressed, right? But to get to some number is difficult 
Nitin on this call. Maybe down the line, one year, we will be able to figure out that, 
how much it will help us. But there is a clear-cut advantage to the franchise when we 
do AI-led acquisition or AI-led assistance, in many cases I’m seeing a clear-cut 
differentiation in times to come.  
And I don’t want to say that AU will be the first AI-native bank, but we want to be in 
that category and we’ll put lot of focus, money, people to achieve that. But I’m sorry, 
I am not able to build it around cost. But overall, the focus on cost is huge, if you ask 
me. You know, we have gone from 4.3% to 4.1% in this year itself. I believe next year, 
this current financial year, we should be lower than 4%. So this will be done 
organically, right? But if you want to disrupt it, I think it has to be tech-driven. And for 
that we are on the course and I believe, because once you talk about the universal 
bank and other things, the scale is very different. So I can’t compare myself to the 
level of 2-2.5% kind of the expense on asset, you know. Rather I would say that the 
first benchmark should be that can I do around 3.5? And that too in three to four, 
three to five years, right?  
But I think, it’s so difficult to reduce our cost somehow. But I think the tech is able to 
give us that hope that if you start building it more on tech and allow people to work 
on tech, this can be achievable, faster than what we are projecting on this call also. 
Gaurav, do you want to add something? 
Gaurav Jain: 
No, I think you’ve captured it all, right? 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right, right. Thank you Sanjay ji for such a detailed answer and very good clarity 
provided on it. And one more question that I have is around asset quality. It’s very 
heartening to see that the Bank has delivered 1.8% ROA what it guided for FY27 right 
in the fourth quarter itself. But from here on, how are you looking at the asset quality 
is shaping up, as this quarter was particularly very strong. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Should we benchmark our estimates around credit cost basis this quarter number 
because if I look back, we used to like have much lower credit cost versus what we 
have seen in this year. And now we are approaching closer to that number in Q4 now. 
So should this be sustainable? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Nitin, two-three disclosures I want to say. I think Gaurav very well articulated that this 
is a seasonal quarter. Always Q4 remains very strong in every sense. I wouldn’t advise 
anybody that you should build our this quarter’s credit cost as an overall cost for next 
year. And if you ask me, we should build it around 90 bps or maybe in that range so 
that it allows franchise to have some kind of risk-taking capability.  I don’t want to 
drive too tight in terms of credit cost estimation and in the market which we operate, 
it is not good for the organization, right? Because we need to take risk in our market, 
in our business, I would say, build it around 0.90%. If we save something, it’s all of us 
to share. And I don’t think that 1.8% this quarter ROA should be seen as our the 
permanent ROA because there are external challenges which we all know about. 
 
But I think at AU, Nitin, we are building it as foundation where we can build a long-
term very solid franchise, be it people, be it distribution, channel, geographies, 
products, we are investing in every side of the business. And you have seen how we 
are building our tech stack also. But I can say that AU will be very sustainable in their 
results, because we are working on a lot of inputs. 
 
And I think this year is our 10th year of our working and I already mentioned maybe 
a couple of years back that it takes around 10 years to build a very strong foundation 
and lot of learnings, from last maybe couple of years. So we are taking every learning 
to really build AU in a sustainable franchise. 
 
And I’m very happy that the way the team is, taking the ownership, team is learning 
and building it up so beautifully. So I believe that, people should not judge us from 
our this quarter’s number. I think if you see the whole year number and last two years’ 
number, I think we remain very strong in our performance. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Right, right. Got it. Got it Sanjayji. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you. Thanks Nitin. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jayant Kharote from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. 
First was on credit cost, we also have RBI ECL norms coming through as we speak. So 
any impact on steady-state credit cost for us given the Fincare book experience in 
recent years and since we are growing that book again? So in regard to that, the 90 
bps guidance, how should that look with the new ECL guidelines? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
ECL guidelines have just come in, right? And we haven’t…  
Jayant Kharote: 
It’s exactly the same. It’s exactly the same as draft. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
And I’m so sorry to not give any guidance around it. You have to give us some time. 
And I’ve been told that we as an SFB is not covered under that ECL program. Is it right? 
Jayant Kharote: 
Yes, I know, I was talking after you transition to a universal… 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Let us become that. But I don’t think, of course Vivek is on the call, Vivek can you 
comment on that. 
Vivek Tripathi: 
No, so Jayant, it’s too early to comment on it. Let us understand that, right? You need 
to understand just one underlying factor that 90% is our retail secured asset plus I 
would say secured commercial banking book. So it has a very different connotation 
to it. Any guideline or any credit cost calculation would eventually work on the loss 
given default and, probability of default, right? So for us, loss given default in retail 
asset has always been low. I just want to give that guidance. And in MFI, 100% of my 
incremental book is covered under CGFMU and 90%, as we speak, close to 92% [of 
the overall] book is covered, you know. So to that extent, any guideline, even the 
draft guideline had this provision that any government coverage would continue to 
be get benefited out of it, right? 
Jayant Kharote: 
Yes, thank you. Second question was regards to the geographical liability expansion 
so to say. Next two years as you transition to Universal Bank, I do understand on the 
asset side you have some focus areas in the south. If you can help us understand what 
would be your strategy on liabilities geographically? I do see some higher 
contributions from markets like UP, Karnataka. So why would their asset side not 
match up equally, I mean just trying to understand the strategy overall. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 25 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, so I think if you ask me, the most important strategy which we work on a daily 
basis or in execution or in any meeting or any review is around liabilities franchise. 
And I think you would have seen that at this level also without having any right to win 
in those markets, we are able to grow our liability franchise this year too by 23%. 
 
And if you ask me, we have all the facets there. The retail bank which is around 60% 
of overall deposit franchise, then we have a government business and the corporate 
bank, then we have commercial-led deposits, then we have a FIG, then we have CDs 
- that is the treasury-led deposits. 
 
If you ask me internally, we know that all are building up very nicely. And the focus 
remains to build all four-five facets for the liability franchise so that, we don’t miss 
anything, right? In the retail franchise also, there is sub-sector like NR, TASC, special 
markets [Salary markets]. And we are building all product lines, all channels and 
nowadays we are also focusing to cross-sell more as the franchise is becoming more 
mature and mature. As of now, our liability franchise is not talking to the asset 
franchise largely. So we want that to happen from this year onwards so that when we 
acquire a liability customer, it’s not only a single transaction, it is more relationship, 
right? And we want to become a pan-India franchise. We want to open around 80-
100 branches every year. We want to build a brand around it. Once we become 
universal, then the whole value of franchise will go up, people will understand us 
more and more. Our visibility will go up more and more. So I think this year or maybe 
the next year, we’ll have a double-down approach on where we want to build it, more 
faster, more granular, more impactful. 
 
And I can assure everybody here that we became a bank to build a liabilities franchise, 
right? We know that our strength lies in our assets, but our core expertise or core 
leadership or core acceptance of us as an individual [Bank] is around our leadership, 
our liabilities franchise. So you will see us more and more visible in times to come, 
pan-India and I’m sure that by being so successful on SFB platform, if we will be on a 
better platform, our performance will be far-far better. 
Jayant Kharote: 
And safely to assume sir, since we are building this franchise, we shouldn’t be building 
in rate cut on the SA TD side at least in near term? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Sorry, sorry? 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 25 
Jayant Kharote: 
Rate cut on the pricing of deposits. Since we are in the build-out phase, we should 
assume that we are comfortable here or are there any more opportunities on the 
SA/TD cuts that you see in the next two-three quarters? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
I can’t tell you, any guidance around it as I already commented in my earlier answer 
that liabilities franchise, at our level, at our franchise is a daily business. We have to 
take the cognizance of market, of reality on a day-to-day basis. We have ALCO every 
month and there we take decision about how much we can go up, how much we can 
go down, which sector we want to build, how much we want to build it. So it’s very 
operational in my opinion. But if you see the overall result this year too, our cost of 
money has gone down by 32 bps. Our CASA is around 28-29%. Our retail and stable 
money is around 70% (correct number is 80%). Our LCR is around 118% (correct 
number is 119%). So we remain so well in all matrices, right? And idea is to not to 
have one side or two side, to remain very holistic in our liability build-up. 
Jayant Kharote: 
Definitely sir. Congrats once again on a great set of numbers and all the best. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thank you. Thanks Jayant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Bumb from DAM Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Hi, Good evening team. Congrats on a great set of numbers. Few questions. One is on 
the asset quality side. So, we have now come out from the asset quality cycle. How 
are we looking to strengthen the residual asset quality metrics like PCR, contingency 
provisions and ECL as we go along? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Pritesh, I think, if you look at our Q4 numbers, it will tell you the exact story. We’ve -
- we’ve always been very-very strong on retail secured assets, commercial assets have 
been range-bound, large part of that was coming from our unsecured piece which 
was credit card and MFI. Now both businesses are settling down, right? And there 
was a seasonality impact, but overall, things look very different, right, from the days 
when these two portfolios had a bit of stress. And PCR is not a defined number. It 
goes by the provisioning policy and there is no change in the provisioning policy, 
right? And the ECL guideline as it would come and we need to follow from 1st April 
2027, obviously some of it will have an impact on Stage 1, Stage 2, but then your 
accelerated provisioning at Stage 3 might get released. So that working is yet to be 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 25 
done, I’m saying that the precise, what is the final guideline, the underlying, that’s 
very difficult to comment at this point in time. We need to go through it, we need to 
put it in our model and we need to perfect our model first, right? And then only we 
will be able to comment on it. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
But to add on to Vivek, we have the provision policy, but every quarter, the Risk 
Committee meets and assesses if anymore provisioning requirement that might be 
there. So this time also if you really see our PCR, if you take the credit guarantee book 
out of it, then we are around 70%, right? So I believe you should see us there only 
and I can assure everybody on the call that our focus always remains to secure any 
kind of probable loss through this PCR. So that is there.  
Pritesh Bumb: 
The second question was Sanjay, just wanted to understand the philosophy for the 
approach on home loans from here. It’s been mostly flat for some time now. Will we 
focus on asset duration than yields in the next few years? Anything on that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So home loan, honestly we are doing more affordable housing, right? And there I 
would say again, I think in last call also or a call before, I highlighted that that market 
has become too competitive and every new NBFC or HFC is coming and building their 
book there only and I don’t think that now there is a risk-reward left there, right? So 
we are not going irrationally, and we don’t want to just do it to build our growth there, 
because we have lot on table to really grow. So let’s not look at one data point, 
because we have actually said that we want to grow around 2x or maybe 2.25x or 
2.5x to the nominal GDP, and which we really delivered, right? 
 
So, it will always be like this, some book will be growing, some book won’t but overall, 
we know that we have diversified ourselves in asset classes. And we want to play a 
risk-reward game every year. And wherever we feel that it’s better to grow that book, 
we want to double down there. And if we feel that this is not the right time to push 
this book, we don’t want to do that, right? So I think you have to see that overall our 
growth is protected, which we are promising, right? But we’ll play around wherever 
the risk-reward is there. 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Sure, that was clear. And the last question… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Pritesh, may we request you return to the queue for follow-up 
questions please. Thank you. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 25 
Pritesh Bumb: 
Sure, thanks. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Param Subramanian from Investec. Please 
go ahead. 
Param Subramanian: 
Yes hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. 
Firstly, I just wanted to understand again how we should think about margins going 
into next year. So, I heard you call out that there is a day count benefit this quarter 
and benefit of lower reversals, but the benefit of lower reversals should stay, right, 
because slippages are say moderating year-on-year. So basically how to think about 
that going ahead?  
Gaurav Jain: 
So I think on this specific thing, right, I’ll repeat what I said earlier. On cost of funds, I 
think we’ve said that this quarter cost of funds may have bottomed out with the rate 
increases we have taken, right? Then on your point around the seasonality in Q4, that 
is 6 bps for lower slippages, so that had two elements. One is your lower gross 
slippages so that’s a quarter-on-quarter improvement from Q3 to Q4. And second is 
your higher NPA reversals, right within that number. Now to the extent that Q4 is 
strong seasonally and Q1 is weaker, you won’t see this benefit in the next quarter. 
Param Subramanian: 
Okay, okay. So basically these one-offs will not be there and cost of funds have more 
or less bottomed out and should increase from here? 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes, Yes. And your asset yield will reflect whatever the asset mix is, right? That is a bit 
difficult to call out. It depends on what is the mix of growth within the asset verticals, 
right? Where your unsecured portfolio, even with the recovery, will probably grow at 
a pace slower than the rest of the book. So on a net-net basis, you may have some 
asset mix related pressure on yield. 
Param Subramanian: 
Got it, got it. Thanks Gaurav. Secondly on fees, right? So generally in fourth quarter 
there is a sharper seasonal uptick, I think it’s in the loan assets and in the general 
banking fees that you call out in your slide. So is there something that is not there this 
time that was generally there?  
Gaurav Jain: 
No, I think there’s nothing specific to call out there on that line. 
Param Subramanian: 
Okay, it is normal is it? Okay. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 25 
Gaurav Jain: 
Yes, Yes. 
Param Subramanian: 
Okay, okay. And lastly if you could just call out, your provision coverage is up. I think 
in the last call you had talked something about how you provide for CGFMU which is 
that you assume the recoveries will come through on the covered portfolio. But this 
quarter we are seeing PCR going up again, has anything changed there or we are 
completely status quo and this PCR is...? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So Param, as Vivek mentioned, right, PCR is a function of accounting policy, right? So 
that and where is your NPA coming from, which asset class and what is the 
provisioning policy for that particular asset class determines what your PCR is. So it’s 
an outcome rather than an input, if you will. 
Param Subramanian: 
Perfect, perfect. Thank you so much. Congrats on the great quarter again. Thank you. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Thanks Param. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akshay Jain from Autonomous. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay Jain: 
Thank you sir, thank you for the opportunity. So I have one question on loan mix in 
Southern geography. How should we look at incremental growth coming from 
southern geographies and what proportion of the total AUM should come from 
southern geography in say next three to five years? And which segments… 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Your voice is little muffled. I think your voice is not very clear. If you could just speak 
clearly… 
Akshay Jain: 
Is it better now? 
Vivek Tripathi: 
Bit better. Yes. 
Akshay Jain: 
So my question was how should we look at AUM growth from the southern 
geography, what proportion of your incremental growth should come from south in 
say three to five years. And which segments will be driving this growth. And second 
related question is that in two years since the merger, the performance of the non-
MFI segments often gets clouded due to the MFI weakness. So how has the early-

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 22 of 25 
stage delinquency trends been in the non-MFI segment in the southern geographies 
now that we have two years of growth data there? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So I would say that it’s too operational now. We have become one Bank and it’s not 
about Southern market or Northern market. Certain branches perform, certain 
branches don’t perform. That is why our overall growth estimation is linked to our 
nominal GDP growth rate, which is 2x or 2.25 or somewhere in that range. We want 
to be on that guidance.  
In that, some product will work, some won’t, some geographies will work, some 
geographies won’t, that’s the reality of the situation. But I think the way we have built 
ourselves overall as a franchise, we have built 10-12 products in asset classes, around 
2,500 touch points (correct number: 2,790 touchpoints), we want to grow our 
distribution, we want to grow our team, we want to grow more and more into the 
market. And there would also be a change in our customer segment once we cross-
sell more to our existing customer base. So I think it’s not relevant because you want 
to judge our overall growth rather than growth in some market. So I think I would say 
that from here onwards, we really want to focus on overall growth matrix, overall 
NIM, other income, credit cost so that we remain solid in terms of overall 
performance because if we start picking one market, one product, then I think on an 
overall basis, I would say the fragrance of the franchise gets lost. But as I already 
communicated that I’m so happy in the way we are building ourselves as the next big 
thing in the banking franchise, where we want to become a pan-India franchise with 
lots of product offerings in liabilities and assets, with physical distribution and tech-
led capabilities, with one data matrices which overall looks very good. So I think that’s 
our approach and I think there is no perfect world honestly. And we have learned that 
in the last 9 years that there won’t be any perfect day.  
You have to go every day and build yourself in this whole imperfection. But the way 
we have understood the market is that in the end, it all becomes good. So I would 
rather say that this year again remains as one of the learning years for us and let’s see 
how the next year goes into it. But I think after 10 years I would say that we’ll become 
more predictable in every sense. 
Akshay Jain: 
Understood sir. And just on the ROA target of 1.8% from what I can get the call is that 
your margins might stay flat to maybe slightly down because of mix shift, credit cost 
you are asking us to build around 90 basis points versus 60 basis points in the current 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 23 of 25 
quarter. So should we assume that large portion of the 1.8% ROA should come from 
cost? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Akshay, I think Gaurav mentioned that we want to work on our cost. We really want 
to work on our credit cost. One is your own model where we want to project us 0.90%, 
but our performance should be better than that, but it’s an outcome. So again, 
difficult to comment in this kind of time; where last year it was such a difficult 
environment, but in the end we have performed well. So I believe that once the 
external environment becomes, I would say more predicable or the vulnerability goes 
out, I think internally India looks very bright, internally India looks very sharp and we 
believe that we are building this bank for India and we will perform.  
Akshay Jain: 
Understood, sir. Thank you. Thank you for the answers.  
Prince Tiwari: 
Yes, thank you. Thanks Akshay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashlesh Sonje from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Hi team, Good evening. First question is on deposits. So there is good progress on 
CASA deposits, especially on CA in FY26. The question is on cost of funds. I understand 
that there will be intermittent pushes and pulls from the rate cycle and competition. 
But through the cycle, do you have an internal target of where this cost of funds 
should be, let’s say relative to the banks with the lowest cost of funds after you get 
the universal banking license? That is one. Along with that, if you can also share the 
amount of retail deposits on the balance sheet as on March 26? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So I think the long-term target, I would say the way we are pushing internally that the 
cost of money should be around the repo rate prevalent at that time. So, if you ask 
me, at this time the repo rate is 5.25% and my cost is around 6.75%. And if you see 
any mid-sized bank, they are around 6.25% and the old three-four banks are around 
5.25%, right. So ideally, once we become very mature in our universal banking avatar, 
then my cost of funds should be around the repo rate prevailing at that time. That’s 
a long-term dream and target, but difficult to comment on the timing. because you’re 
asking me, so that why I’m giving you that the view of us internally. Second question 
you asked around is retail – retail TD? Sorry, what's your second question? 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 24 of 25 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Amount of retail term deposit as on March? 
Gaurav Jain: 
So Ashlesh, I think we’ve covered that in our commentary in terms of how we are 
looking at deposits within branch banking,  maybe I’ll just add a bit more color around 
this. So we have created four focused segments for our deposits business. One of 
them is branch banking, which is primarily targeting retail deposits. Branch banking’s 
contribution to the overall deposit is about 60%, So that’s one. And then the other 
segments are Wholesale Liabilities, Government Banking and Financial Institutions. 
Second data point we’ve disclosed is the stability of our deposit base, where if you 
look at CASA, retail TD and the non-callable wholesale deposits, that ratio we’ve 
disclosed is 79%, the ratio is sort of stable versus last year. So those are the two data 
points we’ve disclosed in our presentation. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
And secondly on the growth outlook, given the uncertainty on the macro, when do 
you expect to take any action on let’s say curtailing risk or pulling back credit? Or do 
you intend to do that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, it will happen automatically, we want to remain very risk-averse and wherever 
we find the indicators, which as of now are not there, and we already have said in our 
opening remarks that whenever we find that this market, or product, or a customer 
base might get affected because of this challenge [or the macro challenges], we don’t 
onboard them. So it will happen automatically because we have built our credit 
underwriting model around this. 
Ashlesh Sonje: 
Understood sir. Thank you. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Prince Tiwari for closing comments. 
Prince Tiwari: 
Thank you Sagar and thank you everyone for joining the call and your questions and 
for all your support. In case you have any further questions, kindly do reach out to 
the IR team. Good evening and good night. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, thank you so much. Have a good time. 

 
AU Small Finance Bank 
April 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 25 of 25 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of AU Small Finance Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
