 
                                                                                              
  
Public
Ref. No.: GIC-HO/BOARD/SE-Q4-T/74/2026-27 
 
       
 
Date: 8th June 2026 
 
To,                                                                 To, 
The Manager                                                  The Manager 
Listing Department                                        Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                              The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers            Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, 
Dalal Street                                                   G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex  
Mumbai – 400001                                         Mumbai - 400051 
 
Scrip Code: (BSE – 540755/ NSE – GICRE) 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call held with Investors and Analysts to discuss the 
Audited financial results for the period ended 31st March 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith 
Transcript of the conference call held with Investors and Analysts on Monday, 1st June 2026, 
to discuss Audited Standalone and Consolidated financial results for the period ended 31st 
March 2026. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You.  
 
For General Insurance Corporation of India 
 
(Satheesh Kumar) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl.: A/A 
 
सतीश कुमार 
Digitally signed by SATHEESH 
KUMAR S 
Date: 2026.06.08 18:40:08 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
Public
 
“General Insurance Corporation of India Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MRS. JAYASHRI BALKRISHNA -- EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR – GENERAL INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MOKASHI -- GENERAL MANAGER AND 
CHIEF UNDERWRITING OFFICER – GENERAL 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. NIKITA – ERNST & YOUNG 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the GIC Re Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nikita from EY. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Nikita: 
Thank you, Steve. Good morning to all the participants on the call, and thank you for joining 
Q4 FY '26 earnings call for General Insurance Corporation of India. Please note that we have 
mailed out the press release and presentation to everyone, and you can now see the results on 
our website, and it has been uploaded on the stock exchange as well. In case you've not 
received the same, you can write to us and we'll be happy to send it over to you. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, 
performance or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. 
To take us through the results for the quarter and answer our questions, we have with us Mrs. 
Jayashri Balkrishna, Executive Director; and other top members of the management at GIC. 
We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone by, which will then be 
followed by the Q&A session. 
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mrs. Balkrishna. Over to you, ma'am. 
Jayashri Balkrishna: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for GIC Re's earnings call 
covering the fourth quarter and year ended 31st March 2026. Following a period of hardening, 
the global reinsurance market is shifting towards a competitive phase with continued increase 
in reinsurance capital, requiring us to navigate softening trends across both property and long-
tail casualty lines. 
However, we observed that the risk fundamentals remain elevated, shaped by climate-related 
loss volatility, inflation and claims severity, evolving geopolitical dynamics and sustained 
capital discipline across the sector. Investment income remains an important earning 
contributor even as underwriting performance steadily improves through disciplined risk 
selection, price governance and active portfolio optimization. Market outcomes are now being 
driven more by individual portfolio fundamentals than by broad cyclic tailwinds, reinforcing 
the importance of technical execution and balance sheet strength. 
 
GIC Re remains aligned with these industry dynamics through a continued focus on prudent 
underwriting, selective growth and strengthening its capital position to support long-term 
sustainability. We now look at some of the key financial highlights of our Q4 performance.  
Gross premium income for Q4 financial year '26 stood at INR11,030.48 crores compared to 
INR10,367 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year. Investment income for the 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Public
quarter stood at INR3,059.46 crores vis-a-vis INR3,903.02 crores for the corresponding period 
last year. Incurred claims ratio for the quarter was 80.8% as against 82.2% in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. Combined ratio for the quarter stood at 103.43% 
compared to 103.56% for the corresponding period last year. 
Adjusted combined ratio, factoring in policyholders' investment income stood at 84.79% for 
the financial year '26 as compared to 85.79% in the previous year. Profit before tax stood at 
INR2,960 crores for Q4 financial year '26 as compared to INR2,922.66 crores in the 
corresponding period of the previous year. 
 
Profit after tax was INR2,254.24 crores compared to INR2,182.88 crores in the corresponding 
period last year. As a reinsurance company, the annual results provide a more meaningful 
assessment. Solvency ratio for the year-end improved to 4.21 as compared to 3.70 in the 
previous year. Net worth excluding fair value change was INR51,301.27 crores as on 31st 
March 2026 as against INR43,106.52 crores at the previous year-end. 
Net worth including fair value change stood at INR84,029.57 crores compared to 
INR83,224.33 crores at the previous year-end. Gross premium income of the company was 
INR44,006.74 crores for the year ended 31st March '26 as compared to INR41,153.95 crores 
for the previous year. 
 
Out of the total gross premium of INR44,007 crores, or the financial year '26, domestic 
business contributed INR32,979.23 crores, while international business accounted for 
INR11,027.51 crores. The percentage split remains 75% domestic and 25% international. 
Combined ratio is reduced by 2.79% to 106.02% for the year ended 31st March '26 as against 
108.81% for the previous year-end. Profit after tax increased by 25.23% to INR8,392.18 crores 
for the year ended 31st March '26 as compared to profit after tax of INR6,701.36 crores for the 
previous year-end. 
Looking back over the course of financial year '26, our approach has been centered on 
improving underwriting outcomes at a portfolio level, supported by risk-adjusted capital 
deployment and selective participation across segments. This focus has translated into tangible 
progress across key financial metrics, a strong capital position and a more resilient portfolio 
structure. Importantly, these improvements have been driven by execution and discipline rather 
than reliance on cyclic pricing conditions. 
And as we step into financial year '27, we are mindful of a stabilizing yet competitive market 
environment. Our priorities will remain aligned towards disciplined risk selection, prudent use 
of capital and gradual sustainable enhancement in performance. With strengthened capital 
adequacy and a balanced portfolio, we believe we are positioned to consolidate recent gains 
while maintaining financial stability and resilience through the next phase of the cycle. Thank 
you. 
With that said, we will now open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Avinash Singh with Emkay Global. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Public
Avinash Singh: 
Good set of numbers. So a few questions. The first one is that now as we enter FY '27, could 
you please sort of provide some color around April renewals, particularly in the Indian market 
because a large part of the treaty renewals would have happened around April the pricing -- 
risk-adjusted pricing and how sort of that pricing environment supports your thesis of 
sustained in improvement combined? So that's on the April renewal pricing. 
 
The second one is, now that we probably have 2 more domestic reinsurers, does that change 
anything, not FY '27, even beyond, does that change anything for you as far as the obligatory 
business is concerned or other businesses where domestics are preferred? So that's second.  
And thirdly, on the capital and solvency, I mean your Solvency I ratio is pretty very strong. 
Now if we were to see your dividend payout, of course, it is there, but your ability to pay 
dividend could be even more given the kind of a strong solvency you have. So how do you see, 
I mean, your RBC transition? Or is it the rating that is going to drive your dividend paying 
strategy? 
Jayashri Balkrishna: 
Avinash -- so I will take the third question first. So yes, our capital solvency is very high, and 
we are giving a dividend payout of 13.25%, which is 32% -- 32.5% more than what we have 
given earlier. And yes, our solvency will be more utilized towards the, like, impending RBC 
and our IFRS. So for the first and second question, I will hand it over to our Chief 
Underwriting Officer, who will answer your question. 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Hello, Avinash. This is Sanjay Mokashi, General Manager and Chief Underwriting Officer. 
Coming to your question on April 1 renewal pricing and experience in general and your 
question about the 2 domestic reinsurers and their presence or impact, maybe I will prefer to 
give an answer jointly. If there is any gap, please let us know. Yes, the competition was there -
- it was there in the past also. For many years, the cross-border reinsurers were competing with 
us, then foreign reinsurance branches came in. 
 
We have been competing with them for the past so many years, 8 to 9 years now. And now we 
have IIOs, IFSC insurance offices, as they are called. So there are multiple IIOs that have been 
established in GIFT City. And additionally, there are 2 reinsurers that have been set up just 
prior to 1st of April. So the competition is at our doorstep. It was anticipated. And we, being in 
the Indian market for decades, we have always leveraged on our relationships, our experience 
and our expertise. 
So this came in handy during 1st April renewal, where the pressures were there on the pricing 
because of the competition, because of the capacity available. But the capacity availability, we 
also witnessed only when there was a credible lead, credible lead like a big reinsurer, including 
like GIC. And we ensured that we strike a balance between utilization of our capital capacity 
and also supporting our insurance partners, insurers who have been navigating difficult times 
with increased level of competition on direct side. 
 
And therefore, we balanced our underwriting discipline with what were expectations from our 
client. And at the end of the 1st April renewal, we are fairly satisfied because we got 
complimented in the sense that we were one of the same reinsurance market on the face of 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Public
competition. So yes, on -- if you see growth, maybe we did not achieve the desired level of 
growth. There was a bit of growth, but we ensured that the growth was in the desired segment, 
in the desired categories. We did not hesitate in coming off the contracts where the negotiation 
went beyond the threshold limit. So that kind of discipline we approached. 
As regards -- obligatory, as you may be aware, that for the year '26, '27 also, obligatory 4% has 
been declared to GIC Re. And we will have that regulatory privilege, so to say, for '26-'27. 
there could be pressures going forward on obligatory, but the kind of role that we are playing 
both for our shareholders, both for government and in the market, we feel that any new player 
to get obligatory need to establish some kind of track record, some kind of experience before 
they get a share in obligatory. 
While we are prepared for whatever eventuality in terms of obligatory, there could be a glide 
path. we feel that our position is fairly secured as of now. I hope I have answered your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sanketh Godha with Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, my first question is with respect to the commercial lines or fire segment in the current year 
in the domestic market. What we understand from the primary companies is that the pricing is 
very soft in the current year when the renewals happen. 
So just wanted to understand how much impact it would be for you from a growth point of 
view, given the market is soft, whether -- as you were just highlighting, we will be okay to 
forgo the business to the competition or it will have a meaningful negative impact on the 
growth given it's one of the largest line of segment in domestic lines? 
 
And on similar lines, if you can give this color in the international piece, too, because I believe 
the pricing market might be weak in international, too, if it is there in domestic. So likely 
impact on the growth, again, given that it's the largest segment in the international piece? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes, Sanketh, Sanjay Mokashi again. Your questions are quite meaningful in the sense that, 
yes, there has been softening on the direct side, especially in the fire segment. And therefore, 
the 1st April renewal was indeed challenging. 
As I mentioned while answering the previous question that we had to do that balancing act of 
supporting our clients through difficult time, at the same time, protect our balance sheet. So we 
used the reinsurance handles or levers as we call them, so that the impact is first borne by the 
insurer then by the reinsurer. That is how we structured, especially on the proportional 
segment of fire class of business. 
So we won't say that we were prepared to forgo the premium. We were having a disciplined 
approach in the sense that if a particular contract went beyond a particular threshold limit 
where the expectations of the insurance company were far beyond what we could assess as 
reduction in profit potential on that contract, we did forgo. And as I mentioned, that 
reinsurance levers, even in this soft market, we could fairly use and could protect our own 
interest while supporting the insurance companies. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Public
 
On the International segment, yes, even in the International segment, 1st January renewals, 
probably we spoke about it during previous conversations that the market is now beyond the 
hardening that we saw a few years ago, say, in 2023 or for that matter, 2024, we are beyond 
that. 
There are soft cycle as our Executive Director, Madam indicated in her opening remarks. And 
there is plenty of capital available in the international segment with a couple of benign CAT 
seasons in the international segment. So -- but what we observed in the international segment 
that the fundamentals were still strong. 
Reinsurers were maintaining some kind of discipline, at least in terms of coverages where they 
intended or they made insurance companies to retain more. So yes, there was some semblance 
in the international market, though the softening trends continue. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. So sir, is it fair to say that given the prices would be soft, the domestic pieces 
growth could be very low single digit? Like last year also, our growth was not strong, both in 
domestic and international market. Just from a growth point of view, is it fair to say that even 
if we achieve a low single-digit growth overall will be the most likely number to end up in 
fiscal '27? 
And second thing, sir, with respect to the pricing correction or softening of the market, we 
almost improved 250 basis points combined ratio in the domestic market compared to FY '25 
to FY '26. You see this 101, 102 kind of a combined to hold up for the domestic business next 
year, or it can potentially deteriorate because of the soft market? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
In terms of growth, you mentioned about single-digit growth, yes, as it could be single-digit 
growth in the current year. As in the soft cycle or soft conditions, it wouldn't be prudent to 
chase premium because the quality of premium may not be as good as it was before. And 
therefore, we chose to approach the renewals with both underwriting discipline and to support 
our markets, our insurance companies as well. So to that extent, yes, your assessment, we do 
agree with. And sorry, what was your second question? 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, on the combined ratio, I was asking in domestic business from 104, we almost improved to 
less than 102, it's almost like a 250 basis point improvement in the combined ratio compared to 
'25 to '26. In a soft market, whether this 101, 102 kind of a combined ratio for the domestic 
business can hold up or it can further deteriorate? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
It can hold up because property is 30% of our book, wherein we -- as we mentioned, that we 
did that balancing act and there could be pressure on the combined ratio there. But there are 
other segments like agriculture, health, where we are approaching the business with the same 
kind of caution. 
And on an overall basis, there is a possibility that the combined ratio will hold up. Our 
objective is to improve the combined ratio. Holding is, yes, one of the options because this 
year, we have done better than what our original goal was to improve combined ratio by 1% or 
2% or 100 basis points. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Public
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And lastly, on the international piece, sir, means we have seen a consistent 
trend in improvement in the combined from FY '23, 138 percentage to even 120. Now -- but 
honestly, compared to the last year and the current year, the international piece combined has 
been broadly stable improvement, but not that huge. 
So just wanted to understand, given our rating upgrade, probably getting better quality 
business because of the rating upgrade. Where do you see this benefit will come to our 
numbers? And what likely combined ratio you will target in the current year to be achieved in 
the international piece, sir? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
The approach, the leveraging of our rating, as you rightly referred to, is helping us in getting 
the targeted business or better quality of business as compared to what our rating was before 
the upgrade. But the results that you will see, that will manifest gradually because there are 
some business which do not have tail. There are other segments which have tail. 
So if you see property class of business, the improvement is being seen straight away because 
it doesn't have tail. But in terms of other classes, especially motor, whatever we are doing, we 
expect the results to be seen after some time. Our endeavor will continue to be improve upon 
combined ratio, although it has not been huge this year or significant this year, there could be 
better results seen in future on the foreign segment. 
Sanketh Godha: 
But any number you want to highlight, sir, whether we can see a 4, 5 percentage improvement 
in the combined in the next year compared to the current year, given it should be gradually 
creeping in our numbers? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
We approach contracts based on their individual merit. And overall target that we have put for 
ourselves is to improve by 2% or 1% to 2% year-on-year. And that is something we are doing, 
which actually means that we should improve more on the foreign segment, maybe more than 
2%. That is what we are targeting. But we are also required to do both cycle management as 
well as portfolio management. And therefore, it is rather preferable to look at our result on an 
overall basis. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. So sir, basically, what you're trying to say is that 106 combined kind of 106 
combined what we reported for the fiscal '26, we can see 1 to 2 percentage improvement in '27 
with the prudent approach what we will adopt? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Okay. And lastly, sir, on crop business, domestic crop business because it's a new tendering 
cycle. I don't know how many states will adopt 80:120 % or whatever the new norm would be. 
Any outlook you have on crop business growth in domestic part, whether it will come to 
reinsurer or state themselves will act as a reinsurer? Any color given we are already in the 
month of June, just to understand the growth outlook of that particular segment. 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Three points I would like to make. One is in terms of new tender cycle, the -- whatever was the 
scheme for earlier year, the same has been notified for '26, '27. So the new 3-year tender cycle 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Public
has still not entirely come in place. So it will entirely now depend how the states opt for this 
cup and cap model, whether it will be the traditional cup and cap model or burn cost model. 
 
We would like to expect more prevalence of burn cost model for '26, '27. And we are seeing 
increasing requirement for treaties on that basis. We are in the middle of speaking to insurance 
companies. We have concluded just one treaty -- 1 or 2 treaties so far. But a clear picture will 
emerge how '26, '27 is shaping up in terms of both premium and results. But our approach is 
the same, enter the -- any contract that is a win-win both for us and the insurance company. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shobhit Sharma with HDFC Securities. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
I have 2, 3 questions. So firstly, on the motor business segment, if I look at for this year, we 
have grown tremendously. It has grown almost at double the rate at which overall GIC Re has 
grown double the premiums. 
But if I look at the profitability that has not been that great. I remember you had mentioned 
that we have entered into new treaties on the motor side with the insurance companies. But if 
you can give us some color around the profitability, why the profitability is not that good? 
 
Because usually, if you look at the direct side, the way these insurance companies report the 
loss ratios and the overall profitability seems to be slightly better. So your thoughts around 
that. Secondly, on the fire segment, if I look at for Q4, it has, I think, declined by around 20-
odd percentage. So if you can comment upon what is driving that decline in the quarter 4? 
 
I believe this should be primarily more from the international business side because the rate 
decline or the rate reductions are primarily happening on the 1st April renewals in the domestic 
businesses? 
And sir, lastly, on the health business, if I look at, we have been recalibrating our portfolio on 
the health business side, and that has yielded meaningful results. So how should we think 
about this portfolio going forward, both in terms of the growth and combined ratio 
perspective? Yes. 
Jayashri Balkrishna: 
Sanjay... 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
I'll take each class that you mentioned one by one. Coming to motor, a significant portion of 
our motor business is domestic. And within that domestic, a significant portion is obligatory. 
So if I can actually quantify about 83% of our motor portfolio is domestic. And out of that, 
almost 60% is obligatory. So the growth is being seen both in the obligatory segment, which is 
as per the obligatory growth in our portfolio reflects what is being seen in the market, the 
growth in the motor segment seen in the market. 
 
Additionally, on the domestic side, we have been able to write some additional treaties in the 
motor segment, which is driving that growth that you are seeing on the motor. So the growth in 
motor segment that you are seeing on the overall basis is getting driven by the domestic one. 
Coming to international motor portfolio, while answering previous question, I had mentioned 
that we are leveraging our A rating and the results are being seen in the segments where there 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
Public
is no tail. -- like property, we are seeing improvement in this year itself. But in segments like 
motor, where there is a tail, whatever we do, its result will be seen after some time. So the new 
treaties that you were referring to are essentially in the domestic. 
 
But on the international side, there is a lot of pruning that we are doing in the motor. And we 
have reached a stage in the year '26, '27, where we need to go back to the growth mode in the 
international motor side because we identified all those contracts in the last 2 years, which 
were not making sense, and we came out of it gradually in the 2 years. 
And therefore, on the international side, there is a degrowth. But the degrowth impact is 
immediately seen on the portfolio. The corresponding reduction in claim is slower than the 
corresponding reduction in premium. And that is what is manifesting in the results of motor 
portfolio, as you are mentioning. 
 
Coming to fire, yes, your observation is essentially coming from the international portfolio, 
whatever change you are seeing is from international portfolio. But again, looking at a 
particular quarter to -- what do you say, to assess the entire year as 20% degrowth may not be 
accurate because we have written many proportional contracts for which the premium will 
gradually develop. 
And the -- on the domestic side, we will see the impact based on April 1 renewal, which I 
summarized in the earlier conversation. In health segment, too, we are quite cautious. There is 
a significant obligatory portion that will reflect the market growth in our portfolio. But rest of 
the portfolio, we are very cautious, especially when we are approaching government scheme 
where we would like that the premium charged by the insurer on the direct side makes sense. 
Health is driven by proportional treaties and therefore, we directly get benefit or get impacted 
by what insurance companies do apart from using the reinsurance handles that are available to 
us. And therefore, there are some reserve strengthening happening in the health segment. the 
results are fairly stable in Health segment, if you have seen on an overall basis. And more than 
99% of the health segment is domestic only. So whatever we are doing in domestic is being 
seen in the -- reflected in our portfolio. Thank you. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
If I can have a follow-up. On the motor side, if I look at the overall combined ratio, it seems to 
have gone up by 900 basis points. So are we compromising on profitability, which is leading to 
-- is taking a toll on our bottom line? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
No, not at all. In fact, it is the result of the pruning of the portfolio where the premium year-on-
year, if you look at past 3 years, motor foreign premium, I'm focusing on the motor foreign 
premium, there has been a degrowth because of the pruning that we are doing. One impact was 
that U.S. contract in the past, which was contributing in premium also 2 years ago. Now it is 
not contributing to the premium any longer. 
 
Apart from that, we have also reduced participation in certain treaties, which we had identified 
certain proportional treaties in Israel and Turkey. As a result, the premium has come down 
sharply. The corresponding reduction in claim is happening gradually. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Public
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. So that -- is it right to assume we are still holding some reserves for the business that we 
underwritten in those territories? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes, we are holding reserves. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. And on the fire market side, if I have to look at because Q1 is usually on a larger side 
for the international market. And you mentioned that we should not assume that kind of 
degrowth in the overall rest of the year. 
 
So how should we think about it? How -- what kind of trends you are looking at the 
international market? And how should we think about the domestic market as well because 
April, which is the largest month in terms of the fire renewals, has seen significant decline all 
across? 
Do you see any kind of scope -- any possibility of that being reviving in the year? Because 2 
years back also similar things have played out and last year, the rate increase, which had 
actually happened was not enough at all. And there was a possibility of rate increase this year 
as well, but unfortunately, the rates have declined further. So just your thoughts on that, sir? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Yes. In our assessment, based on whatever we have written on 1st of January, the decline in 
premium is not as high as you are mentioning. It will be marginal decline. Since you are 
focusing only on fire, fire, we are talking about whether we will be declining or whether we 
will be able to hold up. 
 
But there are other classes, both on domestic and foreign, where we are focusing. We are also 
focusing on new territories, which might bring in additional business. In international business, 
there are renewals which are on 1st July, 1st October, in certain territories like Japan and 
Australia, where we are currently focusing. And therefore, I'm mentioning that the double-digit 
figure, which you mentioned is not a reflection of overall growth or degrowth of '26, '27 
foreign property premium. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. And sir, your sense of the domestic market? 
Sanjay Mokashi: 
Domestic market also in the fire segment. If your question is alone in the fire segment, yes, we 
will not see growth on 1st April, but we are satisfied with what we have done in soft market 
cycle, it is better not to chase the premium. But there are offsetting factors like health, 
agriculture, domestic motor, which can offset whatever we might have lost on the property 
side. 
Moderator: 
There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Jayashri Balkrishna: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for taking the time to attend this call and asking questions to 
get to know the company better. We take all the feedback given during this call very positively 
for improving our performance. I think this year, in spite of all the challenges that we have 
had, we have done very well and have not lost any momentum of the past 2 years, in fact, 
improving our performance further. 

 
 
General Insurance Corporation of India Limited
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Public
 
The combined ratio and the loss ratio have progressively reduced and are on the path of 
improvement. From a performance perspective, we are very happy with what we have done. 
Investment as a portfolio continues to do well. We believe that the way we have managed our 
books, the way we have managed our portfolio spread and the way we have managed to grow 
in the domestic market augurs well for us. 
Going forward, we will continue to do well. We will, of course, be in touch with you every 
quarter. And if you have any questions, please feel free to speak to us or write to us, and we 
will be more than happy to provide you the information. 
 
Thank you for taking interest in us, and have a great day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of GIC Re, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
