en  ca  rty  apTLiT<¥ii  fas
(md H{a5TI ffl 3qqt  ct3rfe  L659ioDLi986Goi026363]
ftyqrfu.qStRfrL*tinuantau.flqfroThHTrfafagiv@€Prds,T€fan_110003
Frmq:+91roll-2436148o  €Jaa:    mfo®irfc.co,ill. aTHn5€: httns: //irrt in in
INDIAN  RAILWAY FINANCE CORPOFIATION  LTD.
(A Government of India Enterprise) (CIN: L65910DL1986G01026363)
IRegd. Office: UG  Floor,  East Tower, NBCC Place,  Bhisham Pitamah Marg, Pragati Vihar,I,odhi Road, New Di?lhi -110003
Pl`one: +91-011-24361480 Ermail: iiulo©irfc.co.in, Website: https: / / irfc.co.in/
No: IRFC/SE/2026-27/14                                                                                                                              21st May 2026
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited
Listing department, Exchange Plaza,
Listing Dept / Dept of Corporate Services,
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
P| Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400 051
Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Svmbo]: IRFC
Scrip Code: 543257
Sub:  Transcrit]t of the Earnines Conference Call
Sir/ Madam,
Pursunt   to   Regulation   30   of  the   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclusures   Requirements)
Regulations,  2015,  as  amended  from  time  to  time  and  other  applicable  Regulations,  please  find
attached the transcript of earnings conference call held with analysts/investors on Friday,15th May
2026, to discuss Audited Financial Results for Q4/FY 25-26 and Year ended 31st March 2026. Please
find below the link of transcript of earnings conference call held with analysts/investors on Friday,
15th May 2026.
httDs://irfc.co.in/sites/default/files/inline-
files/Investor%20call%20TranscriDt%2015th%20Mav%202026.Ddf
This is submitted for your information and record.
Thanking You,
For Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited
(Vijay Babulal Shirode)
Company Secretary & Compliance Off]cer
Enclosure: As Above
VIJAY BABULAL 
SHIRODE
Digitally signed by VIJAY BABULAL 
SHIRODE 
Date: 2026.05.21 17:42:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Indian Railway Finance Corporation Limited (IRFC) 
Q4 & FY25-26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MANOJ KUMAR DUBEY – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
 
MR. RANDHIR SAHAY – DIRECTOR FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. MANISH AGARWALLA – PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Railway Finance Corporation 
Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings Call hosted by PhillipCapital India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manish Agarwalla from PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Yes. Good morning, and welcome to Q4 and Full Year FY25-26 Earnings Call of Indian Railway 
Finance Corporation Limited. We have with us. Manoj Kumar Dubey, Chairman and MD and 
CEO accompanied by Shri  Randhir Sahay, Director  Finance and CFO; and other senior 
management from the team. Now I request Mr. Dubey to share his thoughts on the quarter and 
financial year gone by and provide us with an outlook going forward. Over to you, sir. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Good morning, Manish, and good morning to everyone who is joining the con call. Good 
morning from the whole team of IRFC. It's a very auspicious and happy day for us. We started 
on our new journey of diversification on 1st April, 2025, which we typically call IRFC 2.0. 
 
 We had been conferred Navratna status. And at the same time, we had promised to the investors 
and our shareholders that we are embarking on a new journey of diversification, which is going 
to take company on a different trajectory of growth. Every quarter, we promised something and 
delivered, and I'm very happy to share  today that  we closed our financial year with strong 
numbers which  are published and with all of you. . 
 
I'm very happy to share that we promised with a guidance that would  be sanctioning more than 
INR60,000 crores of assets, and we'll be disbursing nearly INR30,000 crores over the year.  
 
So when we started FY26, there was zero pipeline. The challenge of the team of IRFC was to 
create a pipeline as well as disburse it. So typically, against what we gave the guidance of 
INR60,000 crores, we crossed the mark or we reached the mark of nearly INR74,000 crores for 
the year in terms of sanction of assets. And against the guidance of INR30,000 crores for 
disbursement, we could do around INR35,000 crores. 
 
That is heartening that as a management, what we spoke, what we promised, what we gave as a 
guidance, we could surpass that. Now when we are embarking on next FY of this new Journey 
2.0, we are obviously a little relaxed in a manner that we are confident that what we propose to 
do for the growth of the company, we are more confident to it. 
 
We are not relaxed for the fact that growth will come on  its own . We have to work for that. 
Numbers, as you see, overall number for the year, all the parameters have shown its highest in 
the history of the company, be it the revenue, it is highest for the company in all the years 
together. PAT, again, it is highest. We have crossed the magic figure of PAT of INR7,000 crores 
this year. Our net worth is consistently growing from INR52,000-odd crores, now it is 
INR56,000-odd crores plus. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
The biggest indicator is the net interest margin. And we feel that we are at the sweet spot for the 
fact that all these years, we worked on a flat NIM because the margins from Indian Railways 
was fixed. This is the first year for IRFC when it tasted the success of getting higher margins 
despite chasing the best quality assets through RFPs and competition. 
 
Despite the fact that we competed and won the bids, my margins are quite higher than what we 
used to get from the Railways. And that is having a very positive impact on my NIM. Going 
forward, to summarize all the indicators, that is top line, bottom line, net worth, my net interest 
margin, my EPS, we have given a target to ourselves that in the FY27 and going forward, we 
should grow in double digit. In fact, that was a target that we gave to us for the profit last year. 
 
And end of the year, we ended up around 8%. Quarter 4 was a little flat or subdued from the fact 
that there were some provisions to be made because for the railway asset, there was no 
requirement of provisioning because it was sovereign asset.  
But when we are funding to even CPSEs or the state government in the ecosystem  in whole of 
government approach, still as per RBI guidelines, provisions are to be made. There are more 
expenditure in CSR in the last quarter. It happens typically. So taken all together, Q4 PAT is 
flat, but revenue has shown the green shoots and a very high uptake of 9%, which is matching 
to our aspirations.  Going forward our top line also in FY27 should grow handsomely, maybe 
touching more than 10% also, and this will start showing right from Q1. 
On these notes, we are not putting  any numbers as a guidance for FY27. What we have decided 
that whatever we achieved last year, which was around INR75,000 crores of sanction on assets 
and nearly INR35,000 crores of disbursement, that should be the benchmark going ahead. And 
management is very confident that going ahead, there has to be things going positive on these 
lines. We'll be surpassing these numbers in this current year also. Quarter-after-quarter, it will 
unfold how the story is going to pick up the strength.  
The last comment is on assets under management, which is the key indicator for the kind of 
business -- sustained business that our company is doing. You see for the last 3 years, the assets 
under management for the company was flattish, hovering around INR4.6 lakh crores. This year, 
as you see on a net basis, when I talk net basis, then it takes care of all the repayment that came 
from the Indian Railways towards the older loans. On net basis, on the end of the year, the assets 
under management has grown to INR4.85 lakh crores. 
So going forward, we expect that in the year  FY27, the magic figure of INR5 lakh crores for 
AUM, we should touch sometime in H1, maybe early to that, let us see. Overall, despite the 
geopolitical situation prevailing all over the world, we feel that the capex story of India is fully 
intact. The dreams of Honorable Prime Minister for Viksit Bharat is right in the place. And 
complementing that next 5 to 10 years perspective for Indian Railway Finance Corporation Ltd 
when we are targeting whole of government approach for capex financing, we are on the right 
track, and we'll be having consistent growth. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nilesh Jethani from BOI Mutual Funds. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Nilesh Jethani: 
 First of all, congratulations to the team, IRFC, for a great set of numbers. My first question was 
on the sanction numbers at the end of FY26. What is that? And going ahead, what does the 
pipeline look like for the sanctioned numbers? And second question, a follow-up to that is on 
the current sanction numbers, what can be the expected disbursements in your prima facie 
expectations for FY27? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Thank you, Nilesh. So as the number goes, we started with zero pipeline or, say, a very small 
pipeline of INR3,500 crores when we did only one deal before the FY started. This year, we 
sanctioned nearly INR74,000 crores of assets in FY26. Our disbursement stands at nearly 
INR35,000 crores. It has a few marquee deals of refinances.  
One very important deal that we did with the Dedicated Freight Rail Corridor that is our sibling 
company, where we refinanced a loan of World Bank of nearly INR10,000 crores. Second 
marquee deal was with a joint venture project promoted by our Maharatna siblings NTPC, IOCL 
and Coal India, that is Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited that we did in Q4. That was more 
than INR12,000 crores refinancing deal that we did.  
Apart from that, we did a few deals in GenCo side. NTPC also we did and with their subsidiaries 
directly on the NTPC balance sheet also. Taking all together, we crossed the mark of INR35,000 
crores disbursement. Going ahead, this year, as I said in my opening remarks, as we have tasted 
the success of diversification, apart from the railway business, if any, which is coming from 
them, we expect that in the FY27, our sanctions should be more than INR75,000 crores.  
Now, how high it goes, we'll review every quarter. But  we are sure that we'll be crossing that 
mark of INR75,000 crores that we did in a very first year of diversification. Similarly, on 
disbursement front, last year was a tight year for the fact that there was no pipeline. Now that 
we have a pipeline and we are expecting good business starting from Q1. We believe that the 
mark of INR35,000 crores will be again breached.  
The important and interesting thing that I keep on telling every quarter is that for this company, 
which was doing business only with single client Indian Railways where margins were fixed. 
Those margins used to be 35 bps for projects and  40 bps for rolling stocks. Now, when we are 
competing and doing business for the very, very attractive and good quality assets in government 
system itself,  we are able to garner a margin of more than 100 bps. 
So what will happen that this INR35,000 crores odd that we are doing business, it is akin to 
nearly INR1 lakh crores that we used to do with Indian Railways in terms of yield. That is a 
sweet spot for IRFC. And going forward, as you see, all our financial parlance, everybody's NIM 
is under pressure. While IRFC  NIM  quarter after quarter e showing better NIM due to low 
overheads and Nil NPA.. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it, sir. That was very helpful. Second question was on this incremental NIM. So while you 
rightly pointed out that the NIMs are way higher in the new business, what we are doing  
erstwhile Railway specific business. Just wanted to understand over here, today if we are giving 
x rate to the prospective or the potential borrower, typically, what rates are we undercutting, 
what yield was being offered by someone else? And what are we offering on the yields per se? 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
You see in the market, we have all kind of assets. There are risky assets where you can charge 
more. There are pristine assets as typically you say A class assets when the assets are rated. 
Obviously, when it is rated, when it is promoted by Maharatna with very strong balance sheet, 
if an asset is renewable asset. So every class of assets is attracting a different kind of competition.  
We are always looking for the best class of assets because we are one of the rare companies not 
only in India, but in the world for the size of the balance sheet of more than INR5 lakh crores, 
we are zero NPA company. And typically, every forum, I say that zero NPA is not a status 
symbol for this company but it  is a business proposition.  
Why it is a business proposition? Because of zero NPA, I'm attracting cheaper borrowing from 
the market than my peers, which helps me in offering better rates. And for the fact that it attracts 
my investors also because everybody likes to have a company in their kitty who are having the 
best class assets. So we are not participating into high-risk, high-reward assets. We are 
participating into assets which are highly rated A,  A+, AA, AAA also. So that is what I 
mentioned to you.  
Typically here, the margins are in tune of 100 bps to 120 bps, not more than that. And in this 
bracket, we are competing well. We are competing not only with NBFCs, we are competing with 
all the banks also. So typically, for these class of assets, nowadays, banks are also coming for as 
a long tenure of 10 years. So yes, it's a crowded place. But the happy thing is that despite being 
the crowded place for the best class assets, IRFC is winning more than 60% of the bids. So going 
forward, our margins, we are looking for the margin in tune of 100 bps to 120 bps typically on 
an average. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Got it, sir. And one last question from my side. So basically, the assumption is very rightly 
mentioned that 100 to 150 bps of differential margins are there. But the erstwhile business of 
railways, we got certain benefits of tax, etc, also. So not going into detail about how the ROA 
tree would look like for the new business and the old business. But adjusting for the tax benefits 
and the  provisioning requirement, what will be ROA?. 
At ROA level, say, today at company level, what I can see from presentation, we are at 
approximately 1.39%, where I believe INR35,000 crores is from the new business and the 
balance INR430,000 crores or INR450,000 crores  from the erstwhile business. But just a broad 
difference in the ROA profile of the new lending versus the erstwhile lending. Any differential, 
if you can help me on the ROA, that would be very helpful. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
So I'll tell you the general thing. You rightly said so. So today, say, my total AUM is INR4.85 
lakh crores and out of this the new business is typically INR35,000 crores. The percentage comes 
out to be nearly 5%.  we have given targets to ourselves  which we've talked about  this company 
and feels that going forward, our asset quality should be 60%-40%. So 60% would typically be 
from the Indian Railways, which is cost-plus model. 
And 40% we are looking forward to earning from the diversified field. So when you take  two  
together, you will put the numbers. I mean, at 5%, we stand at 1.39%. This has come out from 
1.34%. Going forward, as I said, you will be seeing a consistent improvement in ROA. Now 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
where would it land, that is a calculation that you can do. It's very simple to do based on our 5% 
of diversified portfolio. If we are at 30%, you can reach to a conclusion what is going to be the 
ROA going forward, say, in next 2 to 3 years. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
Okay. But any sense on what kind of ROA I understand because this mix would include a lot of 
calculation which on the tax benefit once is getting and provision requirements are slightly 
lower? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Nilesh, on tax, we have enough depreciation kind of thing in our kitty. So this company will 
remain tax-free with the kind of already accumulated depreciation that we have for next 5 to 7 
years. And rest be assured, company will be getting more and more leasing business for rolling 
stocks in the future, not only within Indian Railways, we are going to do it for metros also for 
rapid rail also. 
So we are very comfortable that for quite a longer period right now, it is quite visible that this 
company’s PBT and PAT will be same. And we'll be getting the benefit of the tax that we are 
getting out of depreciation. So there is no concern right now for next 5 to 7 years on that account. 
Nilesh Jethani: 
So if I just do the rough calculation where if NIMs when margins are 100 bps , so the 2.25% to 
2.5% is the NIM and typically, operating costs are 0.25%. So NIM runs to 2.25% where 
provisioning, assuming standard asset is 0.4% and under construction is 1%. So again, 
provisioning number of 0.5%. So since no tax required for next 5, 4 years, so ROA would be 
2% for the new business. Is it right to assume? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
I'm happy to hear from you. So this is how you will help me out. So your numbers I'm putting 
on the paper, and I'll be validating it and coming back to you in next quarter. So precisely, this 
is a benefit that management gets by interaction with you people in the conference call. Your 
numbers must be perfectly fine because you are good at it. So I'm not doubting your numbers. I 
think you are doing the right calculations. 
But this is not coming from our side because this is you who have to do the calculation. I can 
give you the indicators. And you have taken all the indicators in the right manner that I can 
assure you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Tara Capital Partners. 
Mohit Jain: 
Sir, a couple of things. First on the sanction disbursement that you make to this fertilizer plant. 
Our MoA is to disburse it to the railways and any other company which are in the same 
ecosystem. So this disbursement into fertilizer sector, how is it correlated to our core sector, sir? 
Just trying to understand this? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Yes, Mohit. So you must be knowing or if you're not knowing, let me reiterate. Our mandate 
says that anything having a backward or forward linkage with the railways, we can fund, 
meaning that by any entity which is bringing in business to Indian railways, we can fund. So 
typically, the high production fertilizer companies, they're all linked to the railways. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
There is railway siding there and all evacuation of fertilizers are taking place through the 
railways,  Raw material for that fertilizer companies like ammonium nitrate is handled by the 
railways itself. So they all are having railway sidings within their campus and all evacuation of 
the finished good and the raw material going to their factory through the railways. So they are 
coming under the ambit of backward and forward linkages with the railways, and that is how we 
are funding them. 
 
And that is Mohit the sweet spot for IRFC because the moment you talk about backward or 
forward linkages, there is hardly anything left in infrastructure, which is not having a backward 
or forward linkage with the railways. 
Mohit Jain: 
 Got it. So basically, any entity which is having linkages become sort of our target customer? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Correct. Absolutely. And that is how we did funding to 2 of the mega fertilizer companies of the 
country, one which is already under production that you mentioned, HURL, which is promoted 
by our Maharatna giants like NTPC and IOCL. And the other one also we have funded in 
Talcher, which is under construction. 
 
That also is promoted by another Maharatna giants like GAIL and Coal India and Rashtriya 
Chemicals, which is Navratna. So yes, any evacuation of fertilizer will take place by the railways 
and any raw material going to them is also through the railways. So they are very valued 
customers, and we are very happy to align with them and fund them at a very attractive rates. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it. Sir, the second thing is regarding that mix, we are targeting to have a 60-40 mix going 
forward in 3, 4 years. 60% is going to be railway and 40% is going to be non-railway, which is 
at 5% right now. Sir, in that situation, even if I'm assuming a 5% AUM growth, we will be 
needing almost like INR1 lakh crores of disbursement every year so that we have a mix of 60-
40 by let's say, 3, 4 years. How do we look at this number, sir? Is it possible to have such a high 
disbursement in the non-railway sector? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
No, no. You are missing a point. So every year, there is a repayment of around INR20,000-plus 
crores from the railways. So we have to consider this when I'm saying that I'll be maintaining 
my AUM or growing it. So yes, INR40,000 crores is the base that I've talked about. Let us see 
how it grows. 
 
Yes company aspires to have a kind of 30% to 40% mix from the non-railway business. And 
you see in the first year, wherever we participated without the pipeline, we were able to disburse 
INR35,000 crores. 
 
Now with the kind of rates that we are offering and because of our low borrowing cost, r zero 
NPA status as well as because of very low overhead cost, we are able to fund at a very attractive 
rate to high-quality assets. 
 
Today, I'm not required to market myself. The business is coming to me. And we are encouraging 
good quality assets to go for RFP. And we are participating to RFP. And the sweet spot is that 
I'm giving you a typical example. There is already a RFP in public domain. NTPC and UP 
government is coming out for as big a tender as INR28,000 crores to INR29,000 crores. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
Now we are also participating. It will be a very cut throat competition because it's a very good 
asset. But potential for IRFC to grab nearly INR16,000 crores because that is our limit. We do 
not have any exposure to many entities because we earlier did only with the Indian railways. 
So for the fact that our net worth is quite high, it is as high as INR56,000 crores. So as per RBI 
guidelines, we can pick up around INR16,000 crores to INR17,000 crores of asset in one go. If 
it is a very good asset and we feel like. So these kinds of businesses are on the platter. So going 
forward, it's not that we said that we'll be 40% in 3 years' time, but yes we aspire to.  
And since we did very good business in the very first year, we feel that the kind of capex 
requirement is there in the government parlance all over the country going forward because NIP, 
you must have heard about national infrastructure pipeline. So the INR20 lakh crores is a 
projection on more than that for every year to be consumed by the government entities and the 
private entities.  
So business is there in the platter. We feel that we will get a good share. And yes, going forward 
in 3 years or 4 years or 5 years, obviously, when we are doing more and more of diversified 
business, then the ratio will be somewhere nearly 40% to 60%. This is what we are trying to tell 
the market. 
Mohit Jain: 
And sir the repayment rate INR10,000 crores per year or INR20,000 crores per year from the 
existing railway contract? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
No. It varies every year, but the repayment going forward will be around INR20,000 crores now. 
Mohit Jain: 
INR20,000 crores. So in that case, how should we look at the AUM growth number? What 
should we expect as the AUM growth for the next couple of years? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
So we have given as the target that let us cross INR5 lakh crores mark in FY27 and maintain it 
steady. We are not putting any numbers on that. But one thing we are assuring that once we cross 
INR5 lakh crores mark, you won't find any dent in that. It will be growing. How much it will be 
growing, that is a different issue.  
But the better thing is that we will be replacing the lower-margin business of Indian Railways 
with the higher-margin business of diversification. So even apple-to-apple, if I say, replacing 
INR30,000 crores from the old business and adding INR30,000 crores from the new business, 
my NIM will be at least having 2x more than what I used to get from the old business.  
So in that case, even if my AUM remains steady somewhere more than INR5 lakh crores and 
I'm replacing low-margin business by high-margin business, my NIM will be growing, my PAT 
will be growing, my EPS will be growing. That is a clear message that we want to give to our 
investors. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it, sir.  what is the NIM differential between two businesses, just to reconfirm, is it like 100 
basis points between the new and the old one? 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Yes. So 40 bps we used tto get from the railways, but what we expect from the new business is 
nearly somewhere between 100 to 120 bps. And as you see, what we have already delivered, we 
have delivered from average NIM of 1.42% to 1.50% for this FY, which is nearly 6% up. So 
next year we want to see better margins because we will be getting benefit of what we have 
added in last year and what we'll add this year. So we are giving us a target that my NIM for 
FY27 should grow minimum 10%. 
Mohit Jain: 
In the sense like from 1.5%, we should be expect it to rise to rightfully for 1.6%? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
1.65% end of the year on my total assets. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it, sir. And sir, any guidance you would like to give for the AUM growth. I know you said 
INR5 lakh crores for AUM, but that is only 3% that sounds to be too conservative? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Mohit I have given very tough guidance for you, which is very tough on my team. When I say 
that we wish to grow our top line by double digit. We wish to grow our bottom line by double 
digit. We wish to grow our EPS by double digit. We wish to grow our NIM by double digit. I 
mean you take all four together, you can see without growth in AUM, all these things are not 
possible. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it. And sir, just to clarify one thing? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
 For my team, I always keep the target very simple. So once you put this number that you should 
grow every indicator by 10%, they know they have to do the calculation how much AUM should 
grow. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it and just one clarification on previous participant's question, for the tax you are not paying 
for next 5, 6 years because of the accumulated depreciation we are having, it will be a tax free 
indices even for the non-railway business? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Yes. Till the time we are again getting lease financing. So if we get again the lease financing of 
the rolling assets, accrual will start again. But as of now, whatever we have in the kitty, that is 
sufficient for next 5 years. 
Mohit Jain: 
Got it, sir. Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sucrit D Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D Patil: 
Good morning to the team. Beyond the numbers which you have given in very much detail, I 
just want to understand your perspective on how IRFC is preparing to capture future 
opportunities in railway infrastructure financing through addressing challenges such as rising 
capital requirements, interest rate volatility and the regulatory oversight. What strategic levels 
do you see most important for sustaining growth and supporting the company in the coming 
quarters? That's my first question. I'll ask the second question after this. Thank you. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
So you are asking a very complex question, but let my Business Development Head answer this 
question. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
ED (BD) : 
As our CMD sir has told, you must see our previous progress. In last 1.5 years, we have covered 
our major milestones. And in last 1 year, we have sanctioned more than INR74,000 crores. 
Earlier, we didn't have that the pipeline. But now as our leader has told that we are confident and 
we are getting good inquiries from the entire ecosystem.  
And going forward, there would be a good capital investment in many sectors, like there would 
be a good investment in the power sector. There are many capacities are coming up in the thermal 
sector. There would be a good amount of investment in the railway sector as well as we are also 
hearing in the news that there would be a new corridors that would require INR2.5 lakh crores. 
There would be 7 high-speed rail corridors. They would require another INR16 lakh crores kind 
of investment. There would be a good amount of investment in coming years in renewable sector, 
in road sectors. There would be a good investment in the port sector. So we are confident that 
there is a good amount of inquiries we are getting. And we are very hopeful that we will surpass 
this target at the end of FY27. 
Having said that, regarding the regulatory oversight because as of now, my net worth stands at 
INR56,000 crores, and we have just disbursed around INR35,000 crores and sanctions only 
INR75,000 crores across various sectors, across various entities, my entire exposure norms is 
open. So that gives me a good cushion that I may have a good exposure in coming years over 
the pristine asset. So that would give me a good comfort. 
And pricing, we will be aligned with the market. Yes, there is a hardening in the interest rate in 
the market, but ecosystem is taking note this. And based on that, we also revise our lending rate 
based on the market so that we will remain competitive and we should be getting the adequate 
margin to support our top line and bottom line.  
Sucrit D Patil: 
Thank you, thank you. My final question, again, a forward-looking one. Looking ahead, how do 
you see IRFC funding strategy evolving to meet the growing needs of railways? What measures 
are being taken to strengthen liquidity, diversify funding sources and align capital structure with 
long-term expansion plan? Thank you. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
So Sucrit, yes, we remain the sole financing arm for Ministry of Railways and Indian Railways. 
Having said so, if there is any requirement of extra budgetary resources over and above what 
Indian Railways are getting from budgetary support, IRFC will be the first financing arm where 
they will come. 
Now we all know that the kind of expansion that Indian Railways is having. Capex requirement 
that is now hovering around INR2.6 lakh crores for them for the last 3 years, this is going to 
continue for 5 to 10 years. So if there is any redistribution going forward from this FY or next 
FY in the budget for social sector and there is pressure not to meet all the requirements of Indian 
Railways or Ministry of Railways through GBS, we will obviously be there. 
Second thing, on my ED-BD mentioned to you, if you recall, last time when dedicated freight 
corridor come up, the funding came from bilaterals and multilaterals. One was funded by JICA, 
the other was funded by World Bank. Similarly, high-speed rail corridor, the one that is already 
being commissioned, it is funded by JICA. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Now there are 7 high-speed rail corridors that has been announced, and there is one dedicated 
rail corridor in the railway ecosystem from Dankuni to Surat has been announced. Total 
requirement is huge. IRFC prior to last FY had never ventured out to any of the customers even 
with siblings in the railway ecosystem. 
Now that we have already refinanced one of the World Bank loans from dedicated rail corridor 
for more than INR10,000 crores. Going forward, the requirement for greenfield lines in high-
speed as well as DFC is our first business. We will be having our first right on them. Now how 
it will be model, it is to be seen. Discussions are already on. 
But rest be assured that in the huge funding requirement that these 2 things in the railway 
ecosystem is going to take place, majority of funding has to come through IRFC. And we are 
gearing for that. We are planning for that. The moment things will go on, you will be hearing 
how we are going to fund them. 
 
Second, Yes, there are many SPVs are also coming. Earlier, we never used to fund them. We 
have now started funding them also because their business model is dependent upon railways 
and it is vetted by Ministry of Railways. So we have got good comfort and cushion to take care 
of them also. 
 
Getting together, as you're rightly indicating to us, there is huge business opportunity in the 
railway ecosystem itself, but we are not limiting ourselves to them. The allied business coming 
from ports as my ED-BD mentioned that from the port, metro railway, you will be hearing very 
soon, maybe in the quarter itself that we are going in a very big way to take them also on our 
wings, and we'll be one of the biggest players. 
 
In fact, the lone domestic player per se, apart from the multilaterals who will be arranging funds 
for metro railways, which is a very, very big business entity in the country for the fact that almost 
every state is aspiring to have metro railways. We are already in talk with one of the states for 
their funding. 
 
So overall, yes, in the total infrastructure scenario, having Indian Railways or railway at the 
center, there is huge business on the platter and there is enough requirement for IRFC to ensure 
that liquidity remains there. We are having very good standing in overseas market also. In fact, 
you may be aware that we did back-to-back two ECB loans of $300 million worth of yen. Then 
we did successfully for $400 million worth of yen. 
 
Already, we have opened one bid of $1.1 billion worth of yen. So that speaks volumes about 
appetite as well as the preference of the foreign bankers to lend to India because they believe in  
growth story that India is unfolding. In fact, we had a very extensive road shows also. You may 
be aware if you're following us. A big team from our side went to Japan, a team went to 
Singapore, a team went to Taiwan and Hong Kong. 
 
We have already sensitized all the foreign banks, typically more on yen side that there is a huge 
requirement of consumption of ECB loans, maybe yen as a priority right now because right now, 
dollar is not a very preferred currency. But going forward, we're looking for the bond market 
once the SOFR rate and things go a little slower, we will be looking for that also. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
ECB contribution, we are looking forward to 30% to 35% in total kitty. We are focusing heavily 
on the infrastructure dependent long-term capital gain bonds that government have launched 
54EC. Earlier, we used to be very casual about that, but now we are focusing on it. 
 
My market share has gone up to 28% last year. This year, this will go up more. It is coming at a 
very cheap rate of 5.25%. We were the first company last year who successfully did zero coupon 
bond. It's a bullet payment after 10 years. And HNI showed confidence in IRFC and it was 
mopped at a very attractive rate. 
 
Going forward, we'll be mopping up that also. Yes, domestic bond rates right now is hard. It is 
hard for everybody, not only for us. But at the same time, RTL still is available at cheaper rate, 
having a very moderate repo rate. So, all together, last year also, we strive to have our total 
borrowing cost less than G-Sec rate, and that is the target this year also. And that is where the 
sweet spot lies for IRFC. 
 
And as I mentioned every time that zero NPA status is helping us in attracting good lenders to 
us, and it is a business proposition, and we believe that cherry picking the good quality of assets 
will remain so despite the fact that we are hovering out of Indian Railways and going to the 
whole of government approach. 
 
But zero NPA will remain there, and we feel that we continue to garner best of the borrowing 
rates in domestic as well as ECB market. I think that comprehensive answer gives you the 
confidence that even INR1 lakh crores disbursement is required from our side consistently every 
year. We have done in the past, and we are competing to do in the future also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Kumar an Individual Investor. 
Naman Kumar: 
Quick question with regard to the results. So, if you see the PAT from Q3 to Q4 because IRFC 
did a business where AUM grows each quarter. So, if you see last quarter, December '25, PAT 
was around INR1,800 crores while this quarter Q4 it's INR1,684 crores, so a drop of around 
INR100 crores and plus if you see include the other comprehensive income it has declined from 
INR1,800 crores to mostly INR1,500 crores approx. So in PAT there is a reduction of INR100 
crores and in OCI there is an impact of INR200 crores. So can you please explain that report is 
causing that? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
So Naman, not much to worry. There are a few issues which were new to us for the fact that, 
earlier we never had the chance to do provisions because for lending to Indian Railways, it was 
all zero provisioning. But as per RBI norms, when we fund even to the CPSE or State 
Government, the provisioning, we need to make. Are there other issues? Let my accounts head. 
Mr. Ajay answer your questions and your concerns. 
Ajay: 
Yes. If you just look total revenue portion, there is a decline in the other income also. We got a 
refund of income tax, and there was some interest portion in that in the quarter, Q3. Whereas in 
this quarter, there's no such item. And on the other side, there are some other expenses like CSR 
expense, for which we have made some additional provision in the current quarter. And 
regarding the OCI, this is whatever is there in the mark-to-market. We have, some of our 
borrowings in the foreign currency, which are on our balance sheet, those all things are hedged 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
actually. And whatever movement in the market of those currencies we need to make a provision 
for that through OCI. So this is regarding the total comprehensive income. 
Naman Kumar: 
Yes, sure. And then with OCI, I believe for the exposure to Indian Railways, at least all the fair 
value on foreign currency borrowing or cost of hedging should be passed on to the Indian 
Railways. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Absolutely. You have right understanding. 
Naman Kumar: 
So why is it coming in the financials? Will it be recovered in next quarter? Like will we see a 
reversal in next quarter? Or how will it go? Because currently, it seems like it's impacting the 
IRFC financial. 
Ajay: 
 whatever is there for the ministries that is part in the ministries account actually. Whatever is 
there in OCI, it is only our portion and there are some other items like for the staff benefit cost 
that would be coming and then we have made an investment with the Ircon. So there is a 
movement of that investment also. So that is also coming in that OCI portion. 
Naman Kumar: 
The majority of the portion is fair value change in foreign currency borrowing as per the Q4 
results. So that's where I'm trying to understand, will it be passed to Indian Railways next 
quarter? Or maybe it is just because of exposure to non-railways financing, which we have done? 
In that case, we won't be passing. 
ED (BD)  
 we have 2 kinds of ECB exposure. One we do for the MOR business. And other whatever 
lending we have done so for, other than the conventional non-MOR business, that rest in my 
balance sheet. And for that, we have taken the full hedge. And these are the MTM valuation for 
that. And based on the Ind AS 109, we have accounted on the basis of cash flow hedge. 
And whenever these exchange will flow to me on actual basis, accordingly, these will get 
reversed. So this is a temporary posting, ultimately, it will get reversed and will be reclassified 
through the P&L. These are the temporary items for the non MoR exposure, which I have in my 
own balance sheet. This will not be passed on to the MOR. I hope you got it. 
Naman Kumar: 
Okay, got it. Yes, this was helpful. Just one additional clarification with regard to exposure to 
non-railways, like CPSE and all those things. So if we have some foreign currency borrowing 
pertaining to loans given to them. So in that case, what happens with the currency risk? Is it 
borne by us, IRFC is there an agreement with them that we pass on that cost as well to the 
CPSEs? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey 
So Naman, typically for any non-railway business, we are quoting a rate. And if you are putting 
ECB mix into it, the risk lies with us. And as my EDBD told you, what we are doing as a very 
responsible and safe company that we are hedging it right away, And my hedging limits are quite 
conservative in terms of Yen as well as in terms of Dollars.  
So whatever we have raised right now, we have already hedged it with a very secure kind of 
ranges. Number one. Number two, we are also creating a kind of cost-plus model for metro 
railways. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
You'll be hearing it very soon, where risk will be passed on to them. So typically, now, Naman, 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation have two models. One, you can have a cost-plus model 
also. We are ready to do that business we have been doing that for long for Indian Railways. 
Other model is when they are participating in this open bid where they want somebody to quote 
with all the risk together, we are doing that also. So going forward, we'll have two kinds of 
things. But yes, what we have decided right now that whatever ECB we are raising for non-
railway assets where risk is lying on us, we should be immediately hedge fully for it. 
For your kind information, good thing is that what we raise ECB for non-railway consumption, 
the overall cost including hedging cost taken together, the rates are coming somewhere below 
6%, which is very attractive for us. 
Naman Kumar: 
Okay. Got it. This was really helpful. And my second question is with respect to the exposure 
which we are now having other than Ministry of Railways, right? So, we may have some 
exposure to state government also. 
So, what kind of safeguard we are having in place so that we continue to be zero NPA company 
in the future? Because like there can be a risk of default. At Ministry of Railways, there is no 
risk of default. For others, there may be. So, what kind of safeguard or guardrails we have? 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Yes, you are very right. And the guardrails and the kind of security that we are looking forward 
is first, in the CPSEs, which are Navratnas and Maharatnas – as our clients, I can name you and 
you can get the feeling who are our clients. Our clients are NTPC or their subsidiaries. Our client 
is GAIL, our client is Coal India Limited or its subsidiary, our client is IOCL or its subsidiary. 
So, meaning thereby  we have done DFCCIL, which is a sibling, then we have lended to an SPV, 
which is promoted by my siblings like CONCOR and RVNL. So, all these names, if you are 
following them, you'll be very well aware that all are having very strong balance sheet, 
consistently profit-making giants in the CPSE parlance. So, it is a cherry pick among the CPSEs 
also. Similarly, when you are going to state governments, mainly into the power value chain, so 
we are completely avoiding any kind of business with DISCOMS. 
That is not our business because we are not having any kind of experience or exposure on them. 
There are other siblings in the NBFC parlance who have got the experience and exposure, and 
they will keep on doing it. We are limiting ourselves to GenCos and TransCos. Amongst that 
also, we are cherry-picking those assets which are having very strong balance sheet, having cost-
plus model, PPA arrangement in place. 
Giving you a flavor, we have not gone to any of the states which are high-consuming states in 
southern part with due regards to them. We have a right to choose the kind of states where we 
wish to do the business. We have done the business with MAHAGENCO. They are the number 
one state government in terms of having the assets, and they're doing very well. Their balance 
sheet is good. Their rating is good. Similarly, we have done to Chhattisgarh, we have done to 
Haryana. 

 
 
Indian Railway Finance Corporation (IRFC) 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
We are planning to do one where there is a 50-50 JV with NTPC and UP Government. So, you 
can see the kind of cherry picking of quality in the states we are doing. Yes, I mean, there's a 
balance sheet and there is a risk, but then we have to see to it that what kind of assets we are 
picking up. These assets are having backing of state governments with a very strong way. 
They have tied up tthings therenowadays in the value chain, the payment of GenCos and 
TransCos are almost as sure. And that is why we are typically not going or touching anything in 
DisComs because there, the chemistry is all different. So, answer to your question is we are 
taking all due care to ensure that even in the government parlance, whatever asset we are cherry 
picking is as safe as it could be. 
And as I always said, you must have heard in the beginning also, zero NPA for IRFC is not a 
status but It  is a business proposition. If I remain zero NPA, I will be garnering lower cost of 
borrowing that we are doing in domestic and international market. So, rest assured that the 
management and the appraisal team is taking care of it. 
Naman Kumar: 
Okay. This is very helpful. That’s all from my side. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Manoj Kumar Dubey: 
Thank you, Manish. We are very happy to close on a happy note in terms of numbers. As you 
know, a listed company has got a very onerous task to come back every quarter, get its report  to  
everybody. So, it's already mid of May. Q1 half of the Q1 has already gone. So very soon, we'll 
be meeting again to our investors. 
And the good thing is that we have already embarked on the new journey of diversification, 
which is really giving us confidence having done well in the last FY. And we believe that going 
forward, every quarter in FY27, we'll be coming out with very good numbers as the Street 
expects us to do. Let us see that the good work that has been done by team IRFC continues to 
enthrall and satisfy the investors who are very dear to us. Thank you. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Thank you, sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
