 
 
MAMATA MACHINERY LIMITED
(Formerly Known as Mamata Machinery Private Limited) 
(CIN: L29259GJ1979PLC003363) 
Regd. Office: Survey No.423/P, Sarkhej-Bavla Road, Moraiya, Tal: Sanand, Dist: Ahmedabad-382213, Gujarat, India  
Phone: +91-2717-630800 | E-mail: info@mamata.com | Website: www.mamata.com 
 
 
Date: June 05, 2026 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
To 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
P J Towers,  
 
 
 
 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Dalal Street,  
 
 
 
 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544318  
 
 
 
Scrip Code: MAMATA 
 
 
Sub.: Submission of transcript of Conference Call held with investors on June 01, 2026 
 
Dear Sir  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and in furtherance to our intimation letter dated May 25, 2026, we hereby 
submit the transcript of the Earnings conference call held on June 01, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. with the investors. 
 
No Unpublished Price Sensitive Information was shared/discussed by the Company during the Earnings 
Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript of the aforesaid call can also be accessed from the website of the Company at 
www.mamata.com/investors.   
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully. 
 
For, Mamata Machinery Limited 
 
 
 
Madhuri Sharma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
 
 
MADHU
RI K 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
MADHURI K SHARMA 
Date: 2026.06.05 
08:31:03 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Mamata Machiney Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
APURVA N. KANE 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MAMATA MACHINERY LIMITED 
 
 
DIPAK J. MODI 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MAMATA MACHINERY LIMITED 
 
 
RAJASHEKAR VENKAT  
PRESIDENT 
MAMATA MACHINERY LIMITED 
MADHURI SHARMA 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE 
OFFICER AND CHIEF IR OFFICER 
MAMATA MACHINERY LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 17 
Mamata Machinery Limited 
Q4 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Mamata Machinery Limited Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by TIL Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Sayam Pokharna from TIL Advisors. Thank you and over to you. 
Sayam Pokharna: 
Thank you, Yashashree. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for taking out the time to 
join us today in this Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call of Mamata Machinery Limited. 
The Investor Updates including the Investor Presentation and Press Release have already been 
uploaded on the Stock Exchange and on the Company website. 
To take us through today's results, we have with us from the management team, Mr. Apurva 
Kane – Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rajashekar Venkat – President, Mr. Dipak Modi – Chief 
Financial Officer, Ms. Madhuri Sharma – Company Secretary Compliance Officer and Chief IR 
Officer. 
We will begin with a brief overview of the financial and operational performance for Q4 and 
FY26 from Apurva sir, followed by a Q&A session. Please note that any forward-looking 
statement made during this call, which can be construed as a forward-looking guidance, must 
be considered in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that we face. 
These risk factors have been detailed in our prospectus document and follow-up annual 
reports. With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Kane. Over to you, sir. 
Apurva Kane: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on the call to discuss the operating and 
financial performance of Mamata Machinery for the fourth quarter and the full year ended 
March 31, 2026. 
Before I take you through the numbers, I want to be direct about how the Board of Directors 
and the Management Team are reading FY26 Financial Performance. 

 
Page 3 of 17 
This was a year of consolidation for the company. 
Our reported financials, both on the top line and on profitability, do not reflect the underlying 
health of the business. They reflect a specific set of external events that came together within 
a single year and weighed on a period that is seasonally our strongest. I will spend more time 
than usual on the financials this time because the context matters for how one should read 
these results. 
FY26 witnessed a sharp one-time disruption in our U.S. business which pulled down a year that 
was otherwise progressing in line with our plan. Our packaging growth story, our domestic 
business momentum and our upcoming product and technology pipeline all remain intact. 
What changed was the external environment in our largest export market and the timing of 
when that disruption hit. 
Firstly, let me take up what happened to the top line: 
Revenue from operations for FY26 stood at Rs. 233.1 crores against Rs. 254.6 crores in FY26, a 
decline of about 8 percent. For the fourth quarter, revenue from operations was Rs. 73.9 crores 
versus Rs. 111 crores in Q4 FY25. The primary reason for this decline sits in our U.S. business. 
The U.S. is a large export market for us, particularly for our converting machinery business and 
to a smaller extent for our other two segments. 
During FY26, our U.S. business declined by close to 50 percent in absolute terms. The sequence 
of events was such that U.S. tariff situation remained unresolved through Q2 and Q3, which is 
our highest order intake period of the year. By the time tariff concerns began to ease, which 
was in Q4, the conflict of West Asia created a fresh round of macro uncertainty. 
Customer sentiment of our clients in U.S. and elsewhere weakened and several CAPEX 
decisions were put on hold. On top of this, a sharp rise in polymer prices on account of crude 
oil volatility stretched the working capital cycle of our customers, which further delayed the 
capital expenditure decisions impeding in Q4. Demand in the U.S. and parts of Europe was 
suppressed throughout this window. The core point I want to leave you with is this. When the 
U.S. headwinds emerged, the organization moved quickly to offset the shortfall through our 
other two business segments and other geographies. We were able to recover a meaningful 
part of this gap. 
We could not recover all of it, largely because the West Asia disruption arrived before the U.S. 
situation had stabilized. Which is why revenue declined by 8%. The agility we showed in 
absorbing a large part of a near 50% decline in key markets within the same year is what I must 
highlight. 

 
Page 4 of 17 
If we evaluate from product segment perspective, the impact was most visible on our 
converting business, where the U.S. is a large export market leading to a significant one-time 
degrowth for the year. 
To put this in perspective, within our own converting, our domestic sales grew by over 6% and 
our rest of the world sales grew by 23% during the same year, even as U.S. sales fell. As the 
U.S. is the larger contributor within converting, the overall segment moderated despite the 
healthy growth in other two geographies. It is fair to say that the disruption in FY26 was only 
limited to U.S. markets while other geographies performed as per our expectations. 
Our packaging business has remained flattish with a marginal decrease of 1%. However, 
domestic growth has remained robust and the only softness is coming from U.S. exports. While 
domestic business delivered in line with our 30-40% expectations, year two, the granule picture 
is quite telling. Our domestic packaging sales grew at an impressive 55% during the year, while 
U.S. packaging was down about 20%. The blend growth therefore appears lower than the 
underlying momentum. 
Barring U.S. disruption, our stated packaging growth momentum of 30-40% remains intact, 
which is what we are even targeting in FY27. Our co-extrusion business saw a marginal 
degrowth on account of the lumpiness inherent to this business rather than any change in the 
momentum and we have advanced nine-layer co-extrusion projects in the pipeline for delivery 
In H2FY27. Profitability saw a much sharper compression than the top line and this needs 
explanation. 
EBITDA for FY26 was Rs. 19.1 crore at a margin of 8.2% against Rs. 54.64 crores at 21.4% in 
FY25. Profit after tax was Rs. 15.1 crore versus Rs. 40.8 crore. The compression came from a 
mix of multiple factors, most of which are either one-time or particular to this financial year. 
1. 
Firstly, the gross margin. Gross margin compressed from 60.8% in FY25 to 54.6% in 
FY26. There are three reasons. The largest is the lower share of exports in our overall 
top line mix. Exports are a higher margin business for us and the decline in US 
revenue naturally reduced the export share, which weighed on blended margins. 
Second, there was some adverse product mix during the year, lower contribution 
from certain higher margin products like co-extrusion among others. Third, we 
absorbed some commodity price inflation through FY26, more particularly in 
H2.Gross margin compression had a 6.2% impact on our EBITDA margin. 
2. 
Second, a one-time provisioning impact in employee cost. We took higher 
provisioning in employee benefit expenses on account of the new labor and wage 
code amendments. This is a one-time impact of approximately Rs. 3.05 crores booked 
entirely in Q4, which is close to 1.3% of EBITDA margin impact. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
3. 
Third, elevated exhibition expenses. Exhibition spends are lumpy by nature because 
certain marquee international exhibitions take place only once in two or three years. 
FY26 happened to be a year in which several large international and domestic 
exhibitions were clubbed together in a single year. Exhibition expenses for FY26 
stood at Rs. 10.2 crores compared to Rs. 6.2 crores in the previous year. The 
incremental exhibition spends alone weighed on our EBITDA margin by 2.1%. 
4. 
Fourth, negative operating leverage. With the top line down by about 8% and our 
cost base remaining constant, some negative operating leverage played out on the 
operating margin. Taken together, the 6.2% compression and gross margin, the 1.3% 
impact from the labor cost provisioning, incremental exhibition expenses of 2.1%, 
and effect of negative operating leverage explain the full compression in EBITDA 
margin for the year. 
I want to emphasize that these items are either one-time or specific to FY26. We expect 
profitability to normalize to historical averages of around 20% as the top line recovers and 
these one-off costs roll off. 
Now, coming to operational updates: 
While the financials were impacted, operationally FY26 was a strong year and we made real 
progress on the strategic initiatives that will drive growth going forward. Let me take you 
through some key developments. Our packaging division, which remains our key growth driver, 
saw the most progress. 
We secured a significant multi-machine order for our VFFS packaging machines from one of 
India's leading snacks and namkeen brands. We have already delivered four machines in FY26, 
three of them in India, and we have orders for further 18 machines which are scheduled for 
delivery in H1FY27. This is an important validation of our packaging portfolio and gives us 
strong revenue visibility in current year. 
We also crossed an important threshold in our geographic expansion. We received our first 
ever packaging machine order from a region outside of our traditional US and Indian markets. 
From a customer in South Africa, this order is scheduled for delivery in Q2FY27. 
Africa is the first of our new regions to come through and we expect others to follow in the 
coming year. In addition, we made our maiden appearance at Interpack 2026 in Düsseldorf. 
The premier global packaging exhibition, where we showcased our complete packaging 
technology portfolio to strengthen our international footprint and open the European market 
for Mamata. 
On the technology front, a product innovation front, we launched RecTech at Blast India 2026, 
our breakthrough recyclable packaging technology. RecTech is an advanced, fully recyclable 
mono-material film engineered to deliver superior barrier protection and mechanical 

 
Page 6 of 17 
performance compared to conventional non-recyclable composite structures such as PET plus 
PE and PET, METPET plus PE films, which are widely used for flexible packaging in India. These 
conventional films are not recyclable and pose a challenge for plastic waste management and 
for brand owners working to meet extended product responsibility mandates. 
RecTech outperforms traditional PET plus PE films and bridges the cost gap with previously 
high-priced recyclable films. By bringing recyclability and cost efficiency together at scale, we 
expect it to accelerate the adoption of sustainable packaging amongst leading domestic 
brands. We see RecTech as one of the most promising recent additions to our portfolio. 
At the same time, we want to be measured in setting expectations. A new material technology 
of this nature takes time to gain market acceptance and brands Revaluate, validate and qualify 
it within their packaging line. We therefore expect RecTech to begin contributing to business 
gradually and to build into a more meaningful opportunity over medium to long term. 
We would also like to highlight the development on the intellectual property front in January 
2026. Mamata Machinery was granted a patent in the European Union for its invention titled 
“a cross-sealing device”. This proprietary cross-sealing technology, originally patented in India 
and the US, has been developed by Mamata for sealing mechanism used on its advanced 
packaging machines. 
With the EU patent now secured, we are offering this sealing technology to customers across 
Europe, which was showcased to European customers in recent Interpack trade show. 
Together, these milestones are the building blocks of FY27 and FY28 and beyond.  
 
Outlook: Now let me come to how we see the year ahead. FY26 for the year of consolidation, 
we expect FY27 to be a year in which we return to our growth track, and we expect profitability 
to normalize alongside. Our priority in the US to recoup the ground we lost on account of tariff 
policies and return to previous levels of business. The US market is becoming more conducive 
than it was following the amendments to tariff policy, though we do see some residual 
headwinds as West Asia's situation continues to influence customer sentiment and capital 
expenditure decisions. 
Even so, we expect the US to make a comeback in FY27 and we are fully geared up with specific 
initiatives to recover the same. Alongside the US recovery, we are pursuing double-digit growth 
of our domestic converting and our 30-40% stated growth objective in packaging businesses. 
While continuing to scale new geographies, we have established certain channel partners in 
South East Asia, where we are targeting close to US $1 million as initial business. 
Working is underway for CIS markets and Australia while Interpack opens the European 
markets for us. Our packaging division will continue to scale to new levels, supported by a 
strong delivery pipeline and our widening international footprint. I would also like to highlight 
that our order book at financial year end stood at Rs. 89.59 crores against Rs. 66.64 crores in 

 
Page 7 of 17 
FY25, an increase of about 34%, which gives us healthy visibility across all segments and a good 
start to FY27. Our packaging growth story and our broader strategic initiatives remain intact. 
We enter FY27 confident in our direction and in the ability of organization demonstrated 
through difficult year. 
With that, we will be happy to take questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. We will take our 
first question from the line of Deepan from Trustline PMS. Please go ahead. 
Deepan: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks a lot for the opportunity. So, firstly, regarding the 
packaging division's future growth regarding that, so this FSA exemption combined with this 
three-year carry forward, that means these large packaging users like FMCG food companies 
will face minimal near-term compliance pressure. So, the real inflection point we are expecting 
is only post FY27-28. So, is our understanding correct in this? 
Apurva Kane: 
I think you are talking about the RecTech technology that I talked about. As I said, there is a 
process that all the multinational companies and FMCG companies follow when it comes to 
choosing the packaging material that they want to choose or use. Now, given the advantages 
of RecTech technology that I have already mentioned, what we see is the first adoption on trial 
basis by these companies. 
Now, these trials normally run any time between six months to nine months before they decide 
if that is the correct solution for them, both technically and commercially. So, we will need first 
two or three early adopters of this technology before it starts rolling on. And that entire period 
is likely to be between 12 months and 18 months before we see traction. 
Deepan: 
Okay. So, the growth to which we are expecting on even RecTech and plus this converting 
business, that will gradually pass on to packaging business also in the future. Is that right? 
Apurva Kane: 
No, RecTech is going to give us incremental growth going forward. What we are talking about, 
30% to 40% growth in domestic market is based on the current pipeline that we have for 
regular packaging by FMCG companies. 
Deepan: 
Okay, sure. Thanks a lot. I will join back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Marmik Khandelwal from Aarth Growth Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. If the US market remains affected, are there any other 
markets we are looking for opportunities in? 

 
Page 8 of 17 
Apurva Kane: 
Yes, we are definitely diversifying, particularly our packaging portfolio. The converting 
portfolio, we are already present in nearly 84 countries around the world. There isn't much 
that we can do as far as further diversification is concerned. 
But what we are doing is that packaging, we are taking it to Africa and we are taking it to Europe 
in current financial year. Also, we have resolved that we will open a branch office for CIS 
business in Russia. We have tied up with some local channel partners and through them, we 
will start distributing our machines into Russia little aggressively. 
So, that is the diversification plan of geographies. So, basically, our dependence on US markets 
reduces. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
What was the revenue split that came from Russia in FY26? 
Apurva Kane: 
We have just started Russian market. So, we don't have revenue as such from Russia. There 
are a couple of machines that went from our converting division to Russia. 
We haven't sold anything from packaging division into Russia. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Okay, understood. So, basically, we have just started to work in Russia. Sir, you spoke about 
order book. So, what is the execution timeline that we expect from that? 
Apurva Kane: 
Out of the order book of 89 crores, there is one 9 crore order for 9-layer co-extrusion line. That 
will be basically H2FY27. The rest of 80 crores is for H1FY27. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Okay, understood. And what is the split between domestic and exports in this order book? 
Apurva Kane: 
The split is 62% exports, 38% domestic. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Understood. And can you tell the difference between margins that you expect from exports 
and domestic markets? 
Apurva Kane: 
 our margin from export is about 60%. And in domestic, it is about 42-43%. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
You are talking about EBITDA margin or gross margin? 
Apurva Kane: 
No, I am talking of gross margin. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Understood. And sir, there is a recent announcement that mandates companies to use, 
specifically FMCG companies to use recycled PET. So, what do you think that it how will it affect 
Mamata Machinery? 

 
Page 9 of 17 
Apurva Kane: 
Actually, the new notification that was announced on 31st of March 2026 by Government of 
India through gadget notification works in favor of Mamata because that will accelerate the 
adoption of RecTech technology by FMCG companies in India. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Okay. And trial runs have been completed or yet to complete with this technology? 
Apurva Kane: 
We just started doing that with couple of large FMCG companies where samples have been 
provided and trials will progress. Also, there is a certification that is required for this kind of 
film. For example, the film that we are talking about has been tested by Indian Institute of 
Packaging, Calcutta for its performance in terms of barrier properties and it has been certified 
that it has a superior barrier. Same way, CPET has also tested this film from the point of view 
of recyclability and it has been confirmed by CPET through a report that the film has been found 
to be properly recyclable. We are also approaching certain agencies in Europe and in USA to 
get this film tested and to get this film certified as recyclable class A. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Okay, sir. I understand. Thank you, sir. Thank you for this. I will get back in queue if I would 
have any other questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press star and 1 on your phone 
now. Next question is from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from EyeSight FinTrade. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Good afternoon. I have two questions. My first question to Mr. Kane is, what type of strategic 
levers are you prioritizing in FY26-27 to expand Mamata's global footprint in packaging 
machinery? Accelerate adoption of automation and sustainability-driven solutions and manage 
risk from competitive pressures and raw material volatility? Just want a forward-looking 
guidance on this. That's my first question. I will have a second question after this. Thank you. 
Apurva Kane: 
Raj, our president is here with me and he will take this question from you. 
Rajashekar Venkat: 
As far as the new markets are concerned, as we have just now outlined, we participated in 
Interpack, which is the key event for packaging in Europe. Through that, we are opening our 
channels in Europe. We have also tied up with a local German company who are into end-of-
line packaging machines, and through them we will be establishing our distribution network. 
So, that's one new global market we are getting into. African market, we have done a lot of 
groundwork in the last 18 months and that has started giving us results. So, we are looking at 
incremental revenue coming in from African market, primarily South Africa. 
We have also started work in CIS countries. As just now we confirmed, we have got clearance 
from the board to open a branch office there. We have also tied up with a local firm, which is 
more than 100 years old, in Russia and who have been in the distribution business. 
So, through these new associations, we are looking at getting into these new markets and 
thereby create incremental revenues. As far as Europe is concerned, in Germany, as I 

 
Page 10 of 17 
mentioned, there is a local firm which is into manufacturing of end-of-line. The firm is 
Carpentier GmbH. 
It is also a 40-year-old company and very similar business lines, offering solutions to brand 
owners or food companies, the space where we participate. So, we see strong synergies 
between both the companies and as we speak, we are already making progress and entering 
into German market and thereafter European market. So, those are all the new strategies that 
we have taken on as far as packaging division is concerned. 
At the same time, I would like to also mention that domestic market offers high potential and 
as most of the MNCs are stepping in India, last year given the tariff crisis, we deepened our 
strategies to penetrate more in the domestic market and that saw great results. So, we are 
continuing our strategic initiatives and also expanding the domestic business for not just 
packaging division but also the other divisions. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Mr. Modi, what type of capital allocation and risk management frameworks have been applied 
in 2026-27 to balance dividend payouts with funding for R&D in advanced packaging 
technologies? Any hedge against forex and commodity volatility? And to sustain liquidity 
buffers for large export contracts, any green shoots there? 
Apurva Kane: 
I will take that question if you don't mind. The thing is that even by the end of FY26, we have 
remained debt free. We have maintained our cash on hand at 69.26 crores by FY26 and this is 
our war chest that allows us to do risk mitigation as well as internal approvals for any expansion 
that we might have to or invest in new technologies. We don't have to go out and borrow 
money. 
Sucrit D. Patil: 
Thank you and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press star and one on your phone. 
Next question is from the line of Vardhaman Dunia from Trisula Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vardhaman Dunia: 
Hi, good afternoon. So, in terms of end consumer, what's the split between B2B clients and 
B2C clients? And if you could just highlight what's the gross margin difference between these 
products generally? 
Apurva Kane: 
We have zero B2C in business. Our entire business is B2B. 
Vardhaman Dunia: 
I mean in terms of end consumers. So, are your end consumers mainly B2C or mainly B2B and 
what's the split between those two? 
Apurva Kane: 
Our customers for extrusion business and our customers for converting business are B2B. 
While our customers for packaging machinery are basically FMCG companies, so they are B2C. 
Vardhaman Dunia: 
And the gross margin differentiation between these two segments? 

 
Page 11 of 17 
Apurva Kane: 
I would have to look at it, but that is the business that is most interesting because that is the 
business where we are dealing with organized sector. We are dealing mostly with multinational 
companies and some of the marquee brands in India, which allows us to make healthy margins. 
But above all, it allows us to grow because their demands are better and more planned in 
nature. 
Vardhaman Dunia: 
Okay, understood. Thank you for the program. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Sanyam Shah from Solidarity 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Because of the West Asia crisis, did we see any orders getting pushed where customers asked 
us to delay the delivery but have not yet cancelled the orders? 
Apurva Kane: 
Specifically, we have three machines that are on our shop floor ready. They were to be shipped 
in the month of late February, early March to Saudi Arabia, and we have not been able to ship 
them because of the crisis in the Middle East. Approximate value is about three and a half 
crores. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Okay. And, Sir, you mentioned that you see us getting back to our growth trajectory in FY27 
with profitability normalizing. Do you think the growth will be in line with the 18-20% 
consolidated growth that we target, or will that be higher given this year's base was lower than 
what we expected? 
Apurva Kane: 
We have to use the base that we have created this year. We cannot work on a truncated basis 
as such, but we think that conservatively we should deliver about 15% higher top line as 
compared to current year. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Okay, understood. That's all from my side. Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Marmik Khandelwal from Earth Growth 
Fund. Please go ahead.  
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Yes, sir. So, do we expect to maintain our margins going forward? 
Apurva Kane: 
Yes, that's what I said, that as our top line normalizes, so will the margins will also normalize 
because as you can see in gross margin levels, we have more or less maintained our margins. 
It is because of either one-off expense during the year which were higher like exhibition 
expenses and expenses due to the new wage code that became applicable from 21st of 
November 2025. Most of our expenses are semi-variable in nature and therefore once we go 
above a particular threshold, the same way you see that for an 8% drop on the top line, there 
is a disproportionate drop on the bottom line.  Same thing reverses when you grow. If you look 
at our previous two years, for about 8% growth in the top line, for about 10% growth in the top 
line in FY25 as compared to FY24, our profit rose much higher significantly by I think about 18% 

 
Page 12 of 17 
if I am not wrong. So, that is how it works because most of the expenses are constant and semi-
variable in nature. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Okay, sir. I understand. That helps. And, sir, there is an increase in input cost. So, who is bearing 
that increase in input cost? So, basically our FMCG companies are also passed on that cost or 
they are bearing the whole cost? 
Apurva Kane: 
We have taken stock of the situation. We have done a study of what our competitors are doing. 
We have done a risk analysis and then to maximum possible extent, we have passed on the 
increase in cost to end customers already. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
So, can you bifurcate it in numbers? Suppose if there is an increase of Rs. 100, so how much 
have you borne and how much has your end customers have borne? 
Apurva Kane: 
That would be difficult for me to answer on the phone right now, but the majority of the cost 
increase has been passed on. 
Rajashekar Venkat: 
Since we are more into custom-built solutions and since we are in the capital goods industry, 
so most of the costs are passed on to customers on a project-on-project basis. Okay, sir. 
Marmik Khandelwal: 
Okay, understood. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of LRS Capital. Kindly introduce your name and 
word with the question, please. 
Lala: 
Good afternoon, sir. My name is Lala. My question is, sir, you are saying that US business is 
down 50%. Does this strictly mean the US geography or all the geographies that are fitted by 
the US entity? 
Apurva Kane: 
When we say that the drop was by 50% in our US business, it includes the United States of 
America, it includes Canada, and it includes basically Mexico, because what happened is that 
when the tariff situation became worse, the Mexican market as well as the Canadian market 
also went into a tailspin along with the US. Because those two economies largely depend on 
exports to US, as you know. 
Lala: 
Thank you. My second question is, you are saying that in the converting machine, we are 
present in 86 odd countries, and there is not much scope to grow. So, what would be your 
market share? 
Apurva Kane: 
First of all, what I said is not that there is not much scope to grow. The word that I used is that 
we don't have more markets to diversify into. So, there is a difference there. Secondly, 
converting machinery business is a highly fragmented business, and therefore to work on exact 
market share basis is extremely difficult. But on brand recall value, I can assure you that 

 
Page 13 of 17 
Mamata is recognized globally for converting business as one of the top five brands in the 
world. 
Lala: 
Got it. My last question is on the packaging side. So, when you are saying that 30%-40% 
growth should be possible in packaging, is it being driven by India or global markets? And 
number two, are we effectively replacing suppliers or existing machines, or is it new 
CAPEX, new plants being set up where you are getting the business?  
 
Apurva Kane: 
That would be helpful to understand. First of all, what we have said is that the domestic 
packaging business will grow, we anticipate that it will grow at between 30% and 40% in FY27. 
And this is based on the domestic demand of the machine by the domestic companies. These 
are largely driven by new projects and capacity expansion by FMCG companies in India. 
Lala: 
Sir, thanks for that. I want to also understand why are we able to win these orders versus 
competition? What is the value proposition here? Is it lower price for the same output, etc.? 
Apurva Kane: 
It is based on several factors, and they are essentially technology-based. I can tell you one thing, 
it is definitely not because we are cheaper. In fact, we are the most expensive in India today. 
If you just take price as the single criteria, it is because of cost-to-output ratio. We deliver far 
superior cost-to-output ratio as compared to any of our competitors in India. And that is what 
has been recognized, particularly by namkeen industry in India and by food processing 
companies in India. 
The second thing is that the technology that we offer will allow them to adopt new recyclable 
films seamlessly because that technology of cross-sealing patented technology is already 
embedded in those machines that we are talking about. Thirdly, it is the hygiene. We are the 
only company in India which offers pre-USFDA approved dairy standard 3A machines as a 
standard. 
Nobody else is offering it in India as of now 
Lala: 
You said about a patent around sealing technology, and you commercialized that. 
Apurva Kane: 
Is it a standalone product that can be commercialized or referring to a machine that has that 
technology? Can you clarify that?   
Apurva Kane: 
Yeah, so this is the technology or mechanisms that are part of an overall machine. So, it's not 
standalone, number one. And when we say it's patented, let me elaborate a little bit more. 
When we talk of recyclable films or even if we are talking about any other film which is not 
recyclable, if you want to seal any film very efficiently and with excellent seal integrity, you 
need to control certain parameters. And those parameters are temperature, time, and 

 
Page 14 of 17 
pressure. By using this technology, we are able to control all the three parameters extremely 
efficiently and digitally. And that is what gives us the cutting edge in terms of technology. 
Lala: 
Thank you so much for the answers. Wishing all the best. 
Apurva Kane: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Next question is from the line of Sahil Doshi from Thinqwise. Please go 
ahead.  
Sahil Doshi: 
Hi. Good afternoon, team, and thank you for the opportunity. Just wanted to understand more 
on the opportunity in Germany and Europe specifically. 
So, with this new tie-up which we have, what's the size of market which opens up for us in your 
assessment? Is it as big as U.S. or can it be? And if you can just give some qualitative remarks 
about, how should we think about Europe as a market in the next three to five years? 
Apurva Kane: 
Okay. I will answer first part of your question, Sahil, and the second part of the question will 
be answered by Raj. So, let me first of all give you some background.  
Whenever you want to sell in Europe, particularly packaging machinery which are project-
driven, as you know, you need a local partner. So, that is the first box that we have ticked. We 
now have a local partner in Germany. 
It's a German company that actually manufactures machines which have common synergy to 
our own products. As we speak, the machines that were displayed at Interpack have been 
transferred to their factory, and they are being installed in their factory for demonstration 
purposes. So, we will be using their factory and the people for demonstrating these machines 
to various people who have shown their interest in our equipment during the exhibition. 
Our partners themselves have a list of customers to whom they have been servicing for over 
40 years, and we will be using this opportunity to reach across Europe and show these 
machines to various companies that are well-established in Europe. So, that is the first part. 
The second part is about the market size, and Raj, I believe, is in a better position to answer 
that. 
Rajashekar Venkat: 
As far as the European packaging machinery market size is concerned, it's quite huge. But what 
is the total addressable market based on the product lines that we have is sitting close to 
US$800 million. So, that's the kind of market that we are looking at to get into. 
Now the next three to five-year horizon that you are asking, this is our first year, and we are 
looking at some early installations. Once we have that in place, then over the next three to five 
years, conservatively, we should be looking at an incremental revenue of US$2 million to US$3 
million, because Europe market is much more demanding and there are not too many new 

 
Page 15 of 17 
placements. Most of the placements are coming through the old equipment replacements or 
brownfields, but there are very few greenfield that are happening. 
However, I definitely see that at least US$2 million to US$3 million as an incremental revenue 
that we should be able to garner conservatively. I hope that answers your question. 
Apurva Kane: 
Sure in the context where you say it's an US$800 million market, US$2 million to US$3 million 
seems like a rounding of errors. 
Rajashekar Venkat: 
So, what happens in these markets is you need to establish because it's a long-term game. 
That's why I said I use the word conservative. So, early installations are very important, and 
thereafter we have to continue to stay invested in brand building activities. And also, knowing 
that Europeans prefer primarily European brands, because this is something which we have 
experienced quite often, that they're not very open to non-European firms, and more so 
Chinese. And even in that fragment, when we look at Asians, India is still way below their 
priority list. So, that's the first hurdle that we have to cross, that we are not just an Indian 
brand, we are a global brand, and the products and solutions that we are offering is on par with 
the European technology, which is what we have been able to demonstrate in the Interpack 
exhibition. Now, this, which is a strong mindset and a cultural shift, would take time. And that's 
the reason why I'm being a little conservative. But as you know, after a few years of hard work, 
you then generally create a hockey stick effect. So, that is something that we would be able to 
see a few years later after we stay invested. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Right, that helps. Just checking on what would be the terms of this partnership, and is there 
any other synergies in terms of technology which we can cross-leverage? And incrementally, is 
this the only strategy for Europe which we have, or will we look at more multiple partners, or 
is that an option which we have? 
Rajashekar Venkat: 
As far as this relationship is concerned, we have a secondary solution for our horizontal Form 
fill seal machine segment, in consultation with this German firm. As I mentioned, they are 
strong in end-of-line packaging solutions. So, that is something that we have developed, and 
we are also bringing it to the European market and also offering it in Indian market. 
So, we are also leveraging this relationship for technology development and also upgrading our 
existing product line, and also possibilities of bringing in new product lines. So, that's one part. 
And the second part is, while we have tied up with them for Western Europe primarily, because 
in Western Europe, Germans are much more dominant in terms of their technical capabilities 
and also the product lines or other brands that are available. 
As far as Eastern Europe is concerned, we are looking at additional channel partners as we 
move forward. Also, for Western Europe, this is a non-exclusive relationship for the few initial 
years, and thereafter we will take a decision if we need to have more channel partners in that 
market, or if we are able to expand using Carpentier as a sole partnership form of that. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
Sahil Doshi: 
Perfect. That really helps. Secondly, I just wanted to understand within the packaging segment, 
we said in the opening remarks YOY we are flat, but the domestic grew. So, could you quantify 
how much is U.S. of this packaging, as well as in converting, and what kind of recovery or 
growth we could see in the U.S. in the coming years? 
Apurva Kane: 
In absolute terms, degrowth in U.S. was to the tune of 31 crores. That is what we dropped in 
terms of revenue during the year in U.S. alone. And if you see the actual gap is 8%. It's not 
nowhere near Rs. 31 crores. And that gap was made up by domestic converting business that 
contributed Rs. 3 crores or about 6% as compared to FY25 higher. Domestic packaging 
contributed about Rs.  6 crores and rest of the world converting contributed Rs. 11.5 crores. 
So, total Rs. 20.65 crores were recovered out of Rs. 31 crores. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Sir, if I can just ask this differently, of the 48-49 crores of packaging revenue which we have 
seen this year, how much is domestic, how much is U.S.? 
Apurva Kane: 
So, out of that, Rs. 29.4 crores is U.S. And that de-grew  
Sahil Doshi: 
Versus last year? 
Apurva Kane: 
Last year it was Rs. 36.8 crores. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Okay. And the same for converting, if you can share. 
Apurva Kane: 
So, converting FY25 in U.S. was Rs. 31.63 crores and that dropped to Rs. 5.93 crores. That was 
a steep 81% drop in revenue. I'm talking only about machines  
Sahil Doshi: 
We hope that this should ideally recover both of these segments in the coming years. 
Apurva Kane: 
We have seen that there were a few orders that have come in in the Q4 and they will get 
executed by in the next two months or so. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Got it. And just one final question. In the co-extrusion, this thing, we had three large orders 
this year. So, is the understanding correct that two have been booked and delivered and one 
is pending? Is that correct? 
Apurva Kane: 
Yes, that is correct and these large orders are all nine-layer films, which has a very close 
connection with the RecTech technology that we are talking about. So, two machines have 
been executed in FY26, and one machine will get executed in H2FY27. 
Sahil Doshi: 
Perfect, sir. Thank you so much for this. 
Moderator: 
You are welcome. Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Apurva Kani, Chief Executive Officer, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
Apurva Kane: 
Good afternoon, friends, again. Thank you very much for joining this call and giving us an 
opportunity to explain FY26 financials as well as FY26 opportunities that we present to 
investors into FY27 going forward. We look forward to our investors' continued support and 
their continued faith in Mamata Machinery Limited. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of TIL Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
