 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
To, 
                                                                         To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
BSE Symbol: INDOFARM 
BSE Scrip Code: 544328 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: INDOFARM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on Wednesday, 27th May 2026. 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 27th May 2026, wherein we had informed regarding the 
audio link of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the quarter and year ended 31st March, 
2026. In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call.  
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.indofarm.in/corporate-governance/ . 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Indo Farm Equipment Limited  
 
 
 
Navpreet Kaur 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
M. No. 8353 
 
Encl: As Above   
 
 
Navpre
et Kaur
Digitally signed 
by Navpreet Kaur 
Date: 2026.05.29 
16:06:41 +05'30'


 
27th May 2026 
Page 1 of 14 
Indo Farm Equipment Limited 
Q4 & Fiscal Year 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
27th May 2026 
 
Management Representatives 
• 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia – Chairman and Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia – Whole-Time Director 
• 
Mr. S. M. Singla – Finance Head 
• 
Mr. Varun Sharma – Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Ms. Navpreet Kaur – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
• 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia – Executive Vice President-International Business 
Opening Remarks 
Moderator (Finportal): Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q4 and Fiscal Year 2026 
earnings call for Indo Farm Equipment Limited. Thank you for joining us today. 
This call covers the company's operational and financial performance, followed by an update on the 
strategic priorities going forward. 
Please note that certain statements made during this call may be forward-looking in nature, based on 
management's current expectations and assumptions. These statements are subject to risk and 
participants are advised to exercise due caution and not place any reliance on such statements. 
This call is being recorded for compliance purposes. Representing Indo Farm Equipment Limited 
today, we have with us  
• 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia, Chairman and Managing Director; 
• 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia, Whole-Time Director;  
• 
Mr. S. M. Singla, Finance Head; 
• 
 Mr. Varun Sharma, Chief Financial Officer; and  
• 
Ms. Navpreet Kaur, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
I now invite the management team to share their opening remarks. We will subsequently open the 
floor for the Q&A session. Thank you 
 and over to you. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: The company's financial results for the quarter and year ended March 
2026 have been circulated and uploaded on the Stock Exchange and the company website. I will 
summarize the key highlights of the financial performance for the quarter and the year ended March 
2026 on a standalone basis. 
Quarterly performance (Q4 FY26): 
• 
Revenue from operations: ₹128.58 crore v/s ₹125.16 crore - YoY growth of 2.73% and QoQ 
growth of 27.77%. 
• 
EBITDA: ₹17.47 crore v/s ₹17.37 crore - a marginal growth of 0.57%, but QoQ growth of 
43.7%. 
• 
Tractor segment revenue: ₹61.2 crore v/s ₹50.56 crore - YoY growth of 21.03%, and QoQ 
growth of 27.74%. 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
• 
Crane segment revenue: ₹67.38 crore v/s ₹74.6 crore - a decline of 9.67% YoY, but a growth 
of 27.8% QoQ. 
Annual performance (FY26): 
• 
Turnover: ₹419.54 crore v/s ₹366.77 crore – YoY growth of 14.39%. 
• 
EBITDA: ₹53.50 crore v/s ₹50.01 crore - YoY growth of 6.98%. 
• 
Tractor segment: ₹201.45 crore v/s ₹141.02 crore - growth of 42.85%. 
• 
Crane segment: ₹218.09 crore v/s ₹225.05 crore - a marginal YoY decline of around 3%. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Growth outlook: 
• 
The company expects to achieve overall revenue growth of around 20–25% for financial year 
2026–27. 
• 
Tractor revenue is expected to grow around 25–30%. 
• 
Crane revenue of existing plant  is expected to grow around 15–20%. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Dealer network expansion: 
• 
During the quarter ended March 2026, the company added 23 new dealers in the Tractor 
Division, taking the total dealer network to 225-plus dealers. 
• 
The total dealer network for the crane segment is 25-plus dealers. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: New pick-and-carry crane project at the Bhud site (new site): 
• 
The project work has regained momentum during the current quarter and the project is 
expected to start commercial production in the second quarter of financial year 2026–27. 
• 
The civil work at the Bhud site is in full swing and the steel work of the main shed is also almost 
completed. 
• 
The pre-engineered fabricated building and related work are also expected to be completed 
by July 2026. 
• 
Orders for all the machines have been placed and the machines are generally ready with the 
supplier 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: On the tower crane: 
• 
We have already done the technology tie-up and completed all the trials. The machine has 
been successfully built and tested at our site. 
• 
A comprehensive evaluation has been done. Structural integrity, operational efficiency, 
reliability and safety are all meeting the highest industry benchmarks. 
• 
Now that the testing is complete, we are fully geared for commercial production, commencing 
in Q2. 
This is about the company and its performance. Now we can reply to the specific questions from the 
investors. 
Question & Answer Session 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you so much, sir, for the comprehensive opening remarks. We will now 
proceed to the Q&A session. Participants who wish to ask a question, please raise their hand. We'll 
take the first question from Ms. DIsha 
Disha C 
Disha C: Thank you so much, sir, for the opportunity. A couple of questions. Firstly, if you 
could just help me with the volumes for the tractors and the crane for Q4 FY26? 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: In the last financial year, the tractor number was around 3,000, 3,006 
exactly and the crane number was 1,000-plus, 1,003 exactly. 
Disha C: So 1,003 was the crane number, and the tractor number was 3,006? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, ma'am. 
Disha C: Okay. So you mentioned this 20–25% growth, with crane revenue growing 15–20%, 
but given this new capacity that we're adding, shouldn't our growth be much higher? Because 
I think earlier, when we spoke, you were targeting around 50% utilization. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, that new project has not yet started. Once the new project 
starts, then only the number will come. 
Disha C: And what was the reason for the de-growth in the crane segment? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: There is a little de-growth, ma'am. It's around 3% only because of two 
reasons.  
• 
The first reason was the new emission norm: it has shifted from Term III to Term V emission 
norms. Though the market is accepting the new emission norms, it has taken a little more time. 
This de-growth is the minimum, and it is across all the construction equipment companies. 
• 
 Rather, our revenue remained almost constant, it is not very much down whereas in 
tractors, we have grown about 42.85%. 
Disha C: Right. And the project that we're expecting to commission everything is on track, sir? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Last year it became a little delayed, but still, we are expecting that by 
this second quarter, we'll start the commercial production from there. 
Disha C: And what sort of revenue can we expect from the tower crane business for this year? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, for the tower crane, we have done all the trials and everything 
here at this location, but we want to start in the new location only, because we require a much larger 
area, and in the new building which we're making, which is quite a large building. We want to start this 
tower crane also. Initially, in the first three quarters, the number will not be very high, and we have 
not kept it in the projection, but still, we are expecting around 60 to 80 numbers in the next six 
months time. 
Disha C: 60 to 80 crore, right? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: 60 to 80 numbers. The average selling price is around 60 to 70 lakh 
per machine. 
Disha C: Okay, and how should one look at the overall margin for FY27? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, we are expecting the margin in the range of around 12.5% 
operating EBITDA. 
Disha C: So we are seeing some pressure, because this year I think we were around 13%. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: That is because the tower crane will be a new product, and we are also 
setting up a new plant for pick-and-carry crane; we are expanding our capacity. We'll be opening some 
new markets and in a new market, once you enter, you have to make some effort to establish yourself. 
The EBITDA and all these things can be increased once we start selling some good numbers. 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
Disha C: Once it scales up. Okay. That is it. I have a couple more questions; I'll get back in the 
queue. Thank you. 
Sameera Middha 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, ma'am. We'll move on to the next question from Ms. Sameera 
Middha. 
Sameera Middha: Good evening, sir. I have just one question regarding tower cranes. What 
would be our manufacturing capacity for tower cranes initially? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It would be around 240 to 250 machines per year capacity. But because 
we are making a quite large building, this capacity can be increased without adding more machines, 
only some welding machines we have to add. That depends on the market need. It can be increased 
without doing more capex. 
Sameera Middha: Okay, so what you mean to say is that initially we will start with a 
manufacturing capacity of around 250 cranes, right? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, ma'am. 
Sameera Middha: Okay, thank you so much. 
Rohan Patel 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, ma'am. We'll move on to the next question from Mr. Rohan Patel. 
Rohan Patel: Thanks for this opportunity. I have questions regarding tractors. FY27 was one of 
the fantastic years for the tractor industry. It grew at a double-digit level at the macro industry 
level, and many of the companies have also given high-teens growth. But seeing that, we have 
just done 3,000 numbers of tractor volume this year, considering this was one of the best 
industry-growth years. We did around 4,500 numbers in FY22 and around 3,700 numbers in 
FY23, taking this data out of the DRHP and this year our segment margins have also declined. 
So can you help me explain why we missed out and did not recover to that 4,500 number and 
why we grew at a pace much lower than that and with less margin? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Look, in the last year 2025-26, our growth also remained 42.85%. The 
figure has gone down because at that time we were struggling to get retail financing. At one time it 
was a little better. It sometimes depends on whether you get good financing options, For example, 
sometimes from the Nationalized Bank, or from some financiers like Sriram Finance, then the numbers 
are good. But we are expecting this growth will continue now, because we have invested in the finance 
company also. In that one earlier year when the numbers were higher, there was a bigger order of 
custom hiring from the government. Anshul ji is on the line and is looking after the marketing portion 
of the tractor business, he has more inputs on how we are going to achieve this number in future. 
Anshul ji, you can take this and explain better. 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Yes, sir, just to clarify the point. In the year that you're specifically mentioning, 
that year we had generated a good number of orders from a custom hiring centre in the southern 
states. We were also doing a reasonable amount of export business in Nepal and Myanmar, 
which, unfortunately, due to the whole geopolitical situation and some external factors, is now not 
very fruitful for any tractor player. That custom hiring was a one-time order, which is why you see 
the spike in the numbers. Otherwise, we are now operating in a specific area, but our dealers are the 
healthiest they have ever been. And now, with the new investment in our captive finance company, as 
well as support from the other financiers, we are very confident we'll be able to achieve those numbers 
in the next financial year itself and then move towards bigger growth. 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
Rohan Patel: Okay and what kind of margin should we expect from the tractor business, like a 
steady-state margin considering we are in an aggressive position now with financing available, 
as well as dealer expansion? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Around 10% at EBIT level. 
Rohan Patel: Okay. Now I have a couple of questions on crane and then I will get back in the 
queue. Given that crane had a difficult period this year  and we are also expecting 15–20% 
growth next year, but seeing that if we commence our new crane facility by Q2, can't we do, 
like, 300–400 numbers easily? At 25–30% utilization of the new facility, that could take us over  
and currently, also, from the current facility, we can do still 100–200 more units. So 10–15% are 
we giving conservative guidance? Because we can easily do 20–30% on the number side. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: That 15–20% number we have given is from this unit only. Once the 
new facility is installed or becomes operational, from there also we are expecting around 30–35% 
utilization of the plant in the first six months' time. So some more numbers will come from there. 
Rohan Patel: Okay. So as the plant gets commercialized and stabilized as the year passes, we 
can expect this number to increase, you might be increasing the guidance going forward? Can 
we expect that the mid-year guidance can go up? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes. That would be around 500 to 600 numbers minimum, which 
we are expecting from that point.  
Rohan Patel: Okay. And at what margins? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: The margin will remain, I think, similar.  
Rohan Patel: Okay. So, sir, a lot of industry players are quite mixed in sentiment given the 
Middle East situation, commodity inflation, and slowdown in infrastructure activity on the 
government end. So what's giving you this confidence of growing at 15–20% from the current 
site, as well as doing 200–300 conservatively on the new facility? Is there a market opportunity 
domestically available that we can grab for these additional sales? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: In fact, we were not present across the country in the crane business. 
So we are going to new areas, basically. We were operating in not the complete country maybe around 
25–30% of the area. So we are adding more. My younger son, Shubham Khadwalia, is responsible 
for this crane business. Probably he can explain better how we're going to achieve these 15–20% 
numbers. Shubhamji, are you there? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: Yes, sir, I'm here. Adding to what Chairman Sir said: currently we are 
operating in less than half of the country. So, with the increase in capacity, we can always add new 
network, new dealers, add more manpower and team, and the numbers we are expecting to grow for 
this particular year, we are confident we can achieve that with the added capacity, because since past 
few years the main constraint has always been production. So, once the capacity is unlocked, we can 
add resources on the marketing side of it and always add on the volumes we have committed. 
Rohan Patel: Okay. Thanks for answering all my questions. I will get back in the queue, and 
best of luck with your efforts. 
Khushi Jain 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, sir. We'll move on to the next question from Ms. Khushi Jain. 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
Khushi Jain: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? Ok My question was regarding the 
utilization of the tower crane facility. What can be the utilization for FY28? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Tower crane is going to be a new facility, ma'am. In the first year, we 
are expecting maybe the capacity utilization maybe 50–60%. We are a little confident because the 
design which we adopted is a very good design and proven design. We are hopeful that because 
initially the production reaches also has to reach the field, where people have to test and trial it maybe 
50 to 60% we are expecting. In the first year, we can definitely utilize this kind of capacity in the tower 
crane. 
Khushi Jain: Okay, so the first year is going to be FY27 itself, right? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, ma'am. 
Khushi Jain: Okay, and what kind of margins can we expect in the tower crane? Since it's a 
high-growth field, can we expect margins in the mid-teens? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: We are expecting the margin to be similar to the other cranes, because 
in that crane also there are only two big players from whom we have to compete. In pick-and-carry 
crane also, a similar kind of competition is there there are two competitors. In this line also, there are 
two competitors. So we are expecting a similar kind of get it, basically. 
Khushi Jain: Oh, okay, got it. Thank you, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Sandesh Kumar 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you. We'll take the next question from Mr. Sandesh Kumar. 
Sandesh Kumar: Yes, sir, my question is regarding the crane segment. During the earlier IPO 
days, we told the new crane capacity would be during October; later we shifted to March, and 
now we have shifted to Q2. And when we checked, fund utilization till March was, like, kind of 
73% kept in FDR. Does this under-utilization reflect a deliberate slowdown in project execution 
due to a change in market dynamics? Even our crane dealers are also kind of stagnant 25+ 
dealers from last quarter to this quarter. What is the strategy behind this crane segment? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It is not deliberate, sir. The problem is this: we are putting up a facility 
in Himachal Pradesh. Last year, because of unexpected monsoon rain, the work progress couldn't be 
as we expected. And there is a lot of that kind of terrain in Himachal on one side there is a filling of 15 
feet, and on the other side we have to cut the sand. So if some sand is required, we have to take 
permission from outside. For mining and buying sand from outside, the permission is needed in two 
names, the miner as well as the company that is buying and some government clearances take a little 
time. Then, because of the heavy rain, the contractor couldn't do more, and now, unfortunately, after 
this Middle East crisis, some gas issues came up. We had already given the order quite long back for 
making a prefabricated shed, because the shed is made somewhere else, and we have already 
completed the civil work. The factory building we are making is quite a large, modern building not a 
small shed. So that has taken a little time, and because he is sometimes not getting gas and these 
kinds of supply issues are coming up in commodities, those affected it a little bit. So this is the only 
reason. Otherwise, we are on track, and we are confident, given the kind of product we have prepared 
and its acceptance in the market that if we open up the whole market, as Shubhamji explained, we 
can definitely achieve whatever number we have planned. 
 
 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Sandesh Kumar: Yes, sir. My next question is on crane. For the whole year, the crane segment 
is only about 3% de-growth, but in profitability it is almost a 20% drop and especially with 
respect to Q3 and Q4, in Q4 there is a pickup of almost 27% in growth, but in profit the margin 
fell to almost 10.4% in Q4. Is it due to competition from Chinese players or our peer company? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: No, sir. It is because of the change in emission norms. Initially, we 
didn't want to pass on the whole of this expenditure, because of the cost incurred in upgrading the 
engine and all. Partially we were able to collect it from the customer, and a little more burden we took 
on ourselves, but gradually we have passed it on now. So, therefore, the realization remained a little 
less and the profit remained a little less. 
Sandesh Kumar: Will we be able to pass it on to the customer from next quarter? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, yes, definitely. The market takes a little time. 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Adding to what Sir said, in Q4 there was some drastic increase in input 
pricing, as in steel. Due to that also you can see some minor dip in the margins, but now we are 
passing on everything to the end customer. 
Sandesh Kumar: Okay, sir. With respect to the tractor segment standalone tractor profitability 
rose significantly to almost ₹631 lakh, but at the consolidated tractor level it dropped to ₹410 
lakh. Is it due to any dealer incentive, subvention cost, or discount with your subsidiary to 
achieve this tractor retail volume? There is a considerable drop between standalone tractor 
profitability and consolidated tractor profitability. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Just a minute, let me check. So, in the segment result, this is ₹6 crore 
31 lakh in the tractor segment. 
Sandesh Kumar: Yes, that's standalone. But if you check in consolidated, it's lower. Is it due 
to the NBFC? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes, that is because of the NBFC. In the NBFC, there is a change in 
the norms. the NPA norms. Because of this change in the norms, we have to make a little more 
provisioning. 
Sandesh Kumar: Okay, sir. My last question is on cash flow. The consolidated net cash flow 
generated from last year to this year, last year it was around ₹53 crore, and this year almost 
₹30 crore. Why this much of a drop? Is it because we are not able to collect cash from dealers? 
What steps are we taking to improve this cash flow? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: We will explain it to you, I think you can mail us, and I can check up 
with my CFO. You may mail, and we'll send you a reply; no issue. 
Sandesh Kumar: Yeah, sure, sir. Thank you, that's all from my side. 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you so much. I will drop the email ID on which you can connect with 
us. 
Stuti Agarwal 
Moderator (Finportal): The next question we'll take from Ms. Stuti Agarwal. 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
Stuti Agarwal: Hello am I audible Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is: I wanted 
to know what is the capex for the tower crane and the new crane? What is being incurred 
already, and what are we going to spend in FY27? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: The total capex is around ₹70-plus crore, out of which we have already 
done around ₹25 crore till date. For the balance machines generally in this product the machines are 
common, along with our pick-and-carry machine, except very few machines of around ₹1 or ₹2 crore 
extra. Otherwise, the maximum machines are common. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay, so the ₹70 crore is for both the tower and the new crane put together? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Yes For the new project. There, we are making the pick-and-carry 
crane also, and this tower crane also. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay. My second question is regarding the current capacity utilization for the 
tower and crane segment in FY26, and what we expect in FY27. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Ma'am, there is no tower crane capacity here; we are just making it in 
the existing facility. And the existing facility's capacity utilization this year remained around 80%+, 
around 80%. But last year, it was rather 90%+. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay, and for the tractor segment? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: In the tractor segment, ma'am, we made around 3,000 tractors. If you 
see the capacity utilization in tractors, it's almost 35%, around 35% but you can take it as around 40–
45%, because in the crane segment also we are making the back-end from the tractor unit only. The 
tractor unit is supplying the back-end to the crane division also, that means the complete transmission, 
ma'am. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay. And what do we expect for FY27 for the tractor segment? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: In tractors, we are expecting around 25–30% growth, ma'am, and in 
crane, around 15–20% growth, from the existing setup. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay, alright, thank you. 
Devendra Singh 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you. We'll move on to the next question from Mr. Devendra Singh. 
Devendra Singh: Yes, sir. I have just one question from a strategic point of view. Is there a plan 
for the company to move into new product segments like crawler cranes, truck-mounted 
cranes, forklifts, lorry loaders because the market is also moving into different product 
segments? Right now we're in pick-and-carry cranes, and there is already too much 
competition there. So is there any plan in the pipeline? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: A future decision will be taken according to the market needs, but at 
this moment, maybe something is going on in R&D; however, we don't want to discuss anything at this 
stage now, sir. At this stage, we want to focus more on this new plant and on utilizing the new plant's 
capacity. 
Devendra Singh: Okay. My second and last question: for this new facility of pick-and-carry 
crane we are bringing up, is there any timeline by which we are expecting to achieve full 
utilization of the capacity not only production, but where our marketing team can see that there 
is enough demand for our product in India, broadly, for pick-and-carry cranes? 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Maybe by FY28–29 we will be able to utilize the complete capacity of 
the pick-and-carry crane and the tower crane also. 
Devendra Singh: Yes. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Rahul Gupta 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, sir. We'll move on to the next question from Mr. Rahul Gupta. 
Rahul Gupta: Sir, my first question is: your tower crane business is going to start from FY27. 
Have you received any order yet? And are you onboarding any dealers who sell tower cranes? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: On the dealers, I think Shubham, can you reply? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: I can answer this. For tower cranes, we already have a network of our 
pick-and-carry crane dealers. So we will be using a combination, certain existing dealers will be 
utilized, and in certain areas we will be adding new dealers for tower crane. As of now, we have 
recently started marketing, and we already have a small order book, so we've got some orders from 
the market already and the deliveries are supposed to start at Q2 beginning. 
Rahul Gupta: Sir, from which area did you receive the inquiry and order? And what is the 
number? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: As of now, since we are based out here, whatever order book we have is 
from the north of India only. I don't know if I'm allowed to share, but it is in single digits. We have 
already started collecting orders. 
Rahul Gupta: Sir, single digits because the average price of the tower crane, as Sir mentioned, 
is 65 to 70? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: It depends model to model. It starts from 40 lakh and goes up to 75–80 
lakh for the topmost variant. 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, so you received the order for a smaller variant, am I right? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: Yeah, to begin with, yes. 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, sir. 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: But nothing has been delivered as of now. We have a basic order book, 
we have started collecting orders, we have started advertising and marketing, but the deliveries are 
yet to start. 
Rahul Gupta: And when will you deliver, sir in quarter two or quarter three? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: We will start in quarter two, and then it will continue. 
Rahul Gupta: Oh, okay. And sir, what's the margin? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: Sir, right now it is a fairly new product segment, so for that we need a little 
more working to be done as to what margins we can get. To start with, the margins will not be very 
high, but with time we can get it to the level of what we are getting in pick-and-carry right now. 
Rahul Gupta: So currently it is at the break-even point, am I right? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: Yeah. We will not be investing money from our pocket. 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: I would like to add a little bit. As I told you earlier, in this tower crane 
market there are two players working two major players and similarly in pick-and-carry crane. So we 
are expecting a similar kind of margin, because these margins are decided by the market and 
competition. We are expecting a similar kind of margin initially, but there are likely chances in tower 
crane later on the way the vertical expansion of cities is going on, even in the metros and even in the 
small cities, because land prices are going very high, the demand for this product will increase. We 
are expecting very good demand. Considering that, if the demand is better, definitely the price will be 
better. It is our expectation and estimate. 
Rahul Gupta: Okay, sir. Okay, sir. 
Ankur Aggarwal 
Moderator (Finportal): Okay, thank you so much, sir. We'll move on to the next question from Mr. 
Ankur Aggarwal. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Hello, I wanted to know: for the whole year, our other costs are approximately 
15% of revenue, which was previously 7% or 8% for FY22, 23, 24 and 25. So what are these 
other costs, and why have they increased so much? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This is because of some business promotions; we have given some 
quantity discounts. It includes freight, admin cost, freight component, incentive part and the business 
promotion part, largely. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Okay, so it almost doubled this year. Do you think it'll stay at this level only, 
or will it come down going forward? What is the rational level for this cost? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This is not doubled from last year. Last year it was around ₹56-odd 
crore; this year it has gone from ₹56 crore to ₹64 crore only. I would like to add that sometimes the 
demand came from the south regarding the cranes, and there the freight component increased a little. 
Because if you are selling more in the north, basically, and sometimes when we try to pick up the 
market there also if you are working only in one particular small area, then the competition pressure 
becomes a little more. We will go everywhere, basically, wherever we get better pricing, and we have 
to open up those markets. So maybe the freight cost increased a little bit. Going forward, it should 
hover in the range of around 11–12%, sir. Going forward, around 11–12% is what we are expecting. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Understood, sir. That's good. And sir, since you are guiding for approximately 
15–20% growth, will our employee cost increase going further, or are the employees we have 
currently enough? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Maybe a little bit, basically, but as the overall number increases, in 
percentage terms it will come down. Because the plant doesn't need more manpower; it's only maybe 
a little increase in marketing very, very less. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Understood, sir. Actually, the thing I want to understand from you is: what do 
you feel at what revenue point are we now, and how much time will it take for our other costs, 
relative to revenue, to give us some operating leverage so that more flows down to us? What 
is your analysis or feeling on that? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: By FY28–29, I feel it will be at par with the industry, because that's 
when sales will increase. And we are going to increase sales once we reach across the country. 
 
 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
 
Ankur Aggarwal: Okay, sir. And sir, in the past four years our revenue was almost ₹300, ₹350, 
₹360 crore, and this year it's ₹440 crore in sales. So, internally, what do you discuss do you 
make a plan for the next 3 years or 5 years? Do you make yearly plans? And if you make a 3–5 
year plan, what do you keep internally as the target by when how much revenue you want to 
do so we can also get a sense of it? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Around 25% average growth, minimum this is the internal plan. From 
the existing plant, until we utilize the whole capacity. And for the new crane plant, we expect that in 
FY29–30 at least around 70% to 80% utilization of the crane plant, because we are putting up a new 
plant of huge crane capacity. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Okay, understood, sir. Sorry, one last question on the pick-and-carry crane. 
When you launch a new product as an OEM, it usually becomes difficult for dealers to sell, 
because the customers usually stick with the ones they have been working with in the 
automobile line the acceptance of a new one doesn't come quickly. So what do you do to push 
it? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: This pick-and-carry crane has been working since 2008 it is a proven 
product and in our existing plant we have been working at 80–90% capacity. The new product is the 
tower crane. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Sorry, sir, I meant in tower crane. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: The existing capacity is around 1,200, and we have around 3600 
additional capacity; it becomes almost 5,000 crane capacity. The tower crane is a new product, 
basically, but the technology is familiar to us it is a proven technology. And in tower crane competition, 
there are only two major players. We are hopeful here too: in this segment, one player is a foreign 
company, so its benchmark pricing is generally higher they charge around 25–30% more. The second 
company is an Indian company; so we have to compete with them. It is such a big market in India that 
many more players can be accommodated. As the industry grows, we are hopeful about the customer 
base. We have got some orders. So, because of the receptiveness to our company's products, our 
product will give us a good market share that is the goodwill of the company. We are getting a very 
good market share. Although we are not across the country in pick-and-carry crane, we expect the 
same for tower crane it is our estimate that it will definitely do well. It depends; it's a complex product. 
Initially, we will not have very high capacity utilization, but we are expecting that we can build it up 
utilizing around 50–60% of the plant in a year, We are hopeful to sell whatever the plant produce. 
Ankur Aggarwal: Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Rohan Patel 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, sir. We'll move on to the next question, from Mr. Rohan Patel. 
Rohan Patel: Thanks for the follow-up opportunity. Sir, I want to understand not considering 
our new plant of 3,600 units what is the India market size for pick-and-carry crane, in numbers? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Shubhamji, will you explain? 
 
 
 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: Yeah. So, sir, there is no open forum or public association of the 
manufacturers, so there is no exact figure, but approximately, what we understand is that last year the 
market size was around 12,000 to 14,000 units of pick-and-carry, around 12,000 only, because the 
market was slightly sluggish. But this market size earlier these pick-and-carry cranes were primarily 
used for construction; now they are used for a variety of applications, from material handling, to loading 
and unloading, to movement of material from point A to point B. So there is a long list of applications 
for these machines now, and what we estimate is that this will multiply in the future. This is bound to 
grow a lot, because if you compare it with the backhoe loader industry, which is approximately 55,000 
backhoes per year, which was nothing if you see 10, 15 years ago the same is what we estimate will 
happen with the pick-and-carry segment also. 
Rohan Patel: Okay. Yeah, so my question was exactly that. Considering that the market is 
somewhere around 12,000 to 14,000 units, and we are adding, say, another 3,600 units which 
is, like, 25–30% of the overall market size we are adding, not considering the capacity 
expansion by some of our two or three top players, I just wanted to understand how confident 
you are. Because this has to go two ways: one, you will be winning market share from other 
players; and second, the market growing in itself. So what gives you the confidence that there 
won't be, say, an oversupply of this capacity, and that you will be able to ramp up your new 
facility? 
Mr. Shubham Khadwalia: So, for the past four years, we have been working at 100% capacity of our 
old plant. Now, manufacturing of this crane is sort of a continuous process. So if, let's say, we add half 
the capacity of what we are adding now, we will not save a lot on money. This is a calculation done by 
the engineering and technical team that if we invest this much, we can add this much capacity. And 
since, with whatever machines we have sold if we are operating in less than half the country, and if 
we can confidently sell these numbers with a very small network, with only about 20 dealers across 
India so we are confident, because India is growing, India is developing, and selling has not been a 
challenge; manufacturing was. So, once the capacity is in place, then we will test ourselves, and we 
are fairly confident. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: I would like to add on one thing also, Mr. Patel. If we increase this, it 
makes a very good fit for us, because in our tractor plant there is capacity available. If we make more 
back-end for the crane, our capacity utilization there increases. Moreover, some of the components 
which we are making hydraulic components here in this plant, there is also some capacity available. 
So it makes sense, and we are investing only on good facilities for cutting, for welding, for assembling, 
for the paint line, for shot blasting; those kinds of machines we are putting. But backward component 
making hydraulics is also a very important part in this crane. We are making all cylinders in-house, we 
are making hydraulic winches in-house. Those components are being supplied by the tractor unit. That 
will increase our capacity utilization here in this plant also. So this is a very good fit for us. 
Rohan Patel: Fair enough, yeah. And another question this is to understand more on your 
working capital side. Because what we are seeing is that, due to working capital, a lot of our 
profit is getting absorbed into receivables and inventory. So can we expect that with the scale-
up of our facilities, we can have better working capital days? Currently, we have improved from 
330 days to somewhere around 307 days, but can that fall below, say, 250 days, or come closer 
to 200 days, which can free up cash for us also? Because this has been really heavy on our 
working capital side. 
 
 
 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: By FY28–29, I think we'll try to bring it at par with the industry, because 
we had a lot of backward integration, and we have increased so many models. So because of these 
two things, backward integration and so many models the inventory became a little higher. Now we 
are not adding more and more models, basically, because we have got the complete range in tractors 
now available with us, and in crane also we have got the largest range. So I think this is not going to 
increase; once volume increases, it'll drastically come down. 
Rohan Patel: But can you just give a sense of how much it will get normalized to from the 
current 300-days level, just to understand the cash flow scenario? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It should come under 200 days. 
Rohan Patel: Okay, yeah, that was from my side. Thanks. 
Questions from the Q&A Tab 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, sir. We have a few questions in the Q&A tab. The first question 
is: what is the current executable order book in hand, and the contribution from export markets, if any? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Madam, I would like to explain. People know that these are our 
standard models. On a month-on-month basis, our dealers and channel partners place orders and 
buying. So we build up the stock for those things. As such, we don't have any long-term order book. 
Only for some corporate orders they give maybe 2 months time or 3 months' time or some government 
order, like we got an order from NTPC recently, which gives, I think, 60 days or 90 days time. 
Otherwise, we are just replacing our dealer stock. And as far as export is concerned, we have started 
getting some orders from export. Recently we got an order from a German company around 48 tractors 
the value is around ₹6 crore. It is a trial order, basically; that was a good beginning, a first order. So 
we are now trying to go into export. Although some countries where we were working earlier are having 
some problems for example, we are good in Bangladesh, we are good in Nepal, Myanmar, even in 
Syria and Afghanistan also but unfortunately these markets are not doing well because of some 
problems. And last year we did around ₹21 crore of export. 
Moderator (Finportal): Okay, got it, sir. The next question is: what percentage of Indo Farm tractor 
sales are financed through Barota? 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: It's around +20%. Plus, we are doing old tractors also because if our 
dealer has old tractor inventory, since he is doing exchanges, we are financing that also, which helps 
the dealer rotate his money faster. 
Closing Remarks 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you, sir. On this note, I would like to thank you all for such a wonderful 
and engaging session. I would now request the management team for their closing remarks. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Anshul, I think you'll take it up. 
Mr. Anshul Khadwalia: Sir, on behalf of all of Indo Farm's team and Finportal, I'd just like to thank 
everyone for joining us. All the questions, suggestions and feedback we will definitely take on board, 
and we look forward to hearing from you all very soon. Thank you very much. Thank you, everyone. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you, ma'am. Thank you everyone. 
 
 

 
27th May 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Moderator (Finportal): Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Finportal, I would like to express sincere 
gratitude to the management team for joining us today, and to all the participants for their thoughtful 
questions. If any query remains unanswered, please drop your questions to the mail IDs available in 
your chat box. Thank you so much. You may now disconnect. 
Mr. Ranbir Singh Khadwalia: Thank you very much. 
— End of Transcript — 
