 
 
Date: May 22, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
India 
 
Scrip Code: 543529 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
India  
 
Symbol: DELHIVERY  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
This is in continuation to our earlier letter dated May 16, 2026, regarding audio recording of the Earnings 
Conference Call held on May 16, 2026, at 06:00 P.M. (IST) on the performance of the Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the above Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The above disclosure is also being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.delhivery.com 
 
You are requested to take the same on your record.  
Thank you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Delhivery Limited 
 
 
Madhulika Rawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F 8765 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Madhulika 
Vipin Rawat
Digitally signed by 
Madhulika Vipin Rawat 
Date: 2026.05.22 
12:17:29 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Delhivery Limited - Q4FY26  Earnings Conference Call 
May 16, 2026 
 
 
 
Management:   
MR. SAHIL BARUA, MD & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. VIVEK PABARI, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. VANI VENKATESH, CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER 
MR. VARUN BAKSHI, HEAD - PART TRUCKLOAD 
MR. NAVNEET KUMAR, HEAD - SUPPLY CHAIN SERVICES 
 
Moderator:  
 
DHRUV JAIN, AMBIT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
1 
Dhruv Jain 
Hello everyone, welcome to the fourth quarter and FY26 earnings call of Delhivery Limited 
hosted by Ambit Capital. Before we start, Delhivery would like to point out that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect 
has been included in the earnings presentation shared with you earlier. Kindly note that this 
call is meant for investors and analysts only. 
 
If there are representatives from the media, they are requested to kindly drop off this call 
immediately. To discuss the results, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Sahil Barua, MD and Chief 
Executive Officer, Ms. Vani Venkatesh, Chief Business Officer, Mr. Vivek Pabari, Chief 
Financial Officer, Mr. Varun Bakshi, SVP and Head of Part Truck Load, Mr. Navneet Kumar, 
SVP and Head of Supply Chain Solutions. Thank you and over to you, sir, for your opening 
comments. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Thank you, Dhruv. Thank you, Ambit team for hosting us this evening. Thank you all for 
joining our earnings call for Q4 FY26 and FY26 consolidated this evening on a Saturday. 
 
Before I begin, I'd like to formally welcome Mrs. Neelam Dhawan as Chairperson of the 
Delhivery Board. Her long career in technology and technology services, of course, is 
unparalleled and we expect that under her leadership, Delhivery will go from strength to 
strength. I'd also like to welcome Mr. Kabir Ahmed Shakir to the Board of Directors of 
Delhivery. Kabir served as the CFO of Tata Communications prior to which he had a long stint 
at Unilever and then at Microsoft. With this, the exercise of reconstituting the Delhivery Board 
is now formally complete. I'd also like to place on record on behalf of the entire Management 
and Board of Delhivery, our thanks to Mr. Romesh Sobti, who will be stepping down from the 
Board of Delhivery after five years, having joined us in 2021 and having played an enormous 
role in helping us take Delhivery public and shaping our strategy over the last five years. Before 
we begin, as usual, my colleague Vani Venkatesh will take us through the presentation after 
which we will take questions. But just quickly, in summary, FY26 has been a bellwether year 
for Delhivery in many ways. Of course, the headline was our completion of the acquisition of 
Ecom Express earlier in this financial year. 
 
But just in terms of a quick headline summary, we closed the year with over 10,400 crores in 
revenue, delivered over a billion packages in the financial year. By way of context, it took us 
nearly 10 years to deliver our first billion packages since our inception. Also reached about 2 
million metric tons of freight in our part truck load business. 
 
Margins continue to expand. The express business remains firmly at the upper end of our 
normative margin guidance of 16 to 18%. PTL margins expanded again successively and have 
reached… [inaudible] …on the back of a reduction in capital intensity to less than 5% of 
revenue and a massive reduction in net working capital days. 
 
So, all in all, a very strong quarter, a very strong end to fiscal 26. The company continues to be 
extremely well capitalized with over 4,500 crores of cash on the balance sheet. And so, without 
further ado, Vani, please take us through the presentation. 
 
Vani Venkatesh 
Thank you, Sahil. And thank you, Dhruv. I'll just run you through the presentation now. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
2 
So, in summary, FY26 was a very good record year, in fact, in volume, in profitability, in 
strategic progress. And let me just take you through what moved the needle. So firstly, on the 
core transportation side, we delivered a billion plus shipments this year. 
 
It's been a year with about 40% growth. On PTL also, we've done about 2 million metric tons 
this year. And together, the two businesses expanded our service EBITDA by about 220 basis 
points to take us to 15.6% and this with an ROIC of 16%. These are, in fact, the returns that 
will be funding what comes next. Coming to supply chain solutions, supply chain solutions 
again turned the corner pretty decisively this year. We expanded our service EBITDA about 
four times to 79 crores. 
 
The margin model here is established. The pipeline is healthy. We've signed and activated two 
mandates in the last quarter. 
 
So that's on the supply chain, which is pretty much at an inflection point. This paves the way 
for new verticals to scale up. So, the cash flows from core transport are now being deployed 
with discipline into our next growth pillars. 
 
So, as we mentioned last time, we've been investing in local, cross-border, rapid and financial 
services. These are, of course, long cycle bets we can now invest from in a position of strength. 
And underpinning all of this is, of course, our tech and engineering moat we've been building 
for years, leveraging AI across the network, facilities, automation, new trucking form factors 
and active R&D and robotics. 
 
So, we continue to invest heavily so we can stay ahead as we scale. I'll quickly run through the 
financial highlights. Our revenue from services stood at about 10,486 crores, generating an 
EBITDA of 7.3%, that's 764 crores. PAT came in at 347 crores. That's a 3.2% margin. And 
this profitable growth helped us turn free cash flow positive this year at about 89 crores. 
 
The quarter’s revenue again came in at about 2,848 crores. PAT at about 3%, that translates to 
87 crores. Core transport yielded 16% ROIC. 
 
And our balance sheet continues to stay strong with over 4,500 crores of cash and cash 
equivalents. So, all in all, it's been a profitable quarter and a profitable year. I'll take you through 
a quick view of our segments. 
 
Transport revenue for the quarter was at about 2,453 crores and that comes in at a 7.9% adjusted 
EBITDA, giving us about 194 crores of adjusted EBITDA. If you were to break this into the 
two segments, express revenue came in at about two thirds of this at 1,832 crores. That's a 
massive 46% YoY revenue growth and that's a 72-73% volume growth. 
 
Note that the volumes this quarter were 306 million, pretty encouraging. In fact, it's been a 
sequential quarter increase even compared to the last quarter, which was a peak quarter. 
Likewise, PTL clocked in 20% growth in both revenue and volume terms, came in at 549 metric 
tons and giving us 622 crores of revenue. 
 
Coming down to the supply chain. Let me just go back one page and also run you through the 
full year. I ran you through the quarter numbers. 
 
So, if you look at it from a full year point of view, the revenue for transport has been 8,939 
crores that came in with a margin of 561 crores at 6.3%. Express gave us about a billion parcels, 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
3 
again a record this year, revenue of 6,685 crores. PTL was again record breaking this year. So, 
2 million metric tons giving us a revenue of 2,254 crores. 
 
So, both these segments, both Express and PTL have really delivered solid and strong, robust 
growth this year. A ton of structural cost advantages and operating leverage also driving the 
performance for these businesses. Coming back to the supply chain. 
 
Supply chain, as I mentioned earlier, we decisively pivoted to profitability this year. Very sharp 
calls on businesses to stay in, businesses to see, to make sure we have a viable model that we 
can scale. As you can see, our revenue is at 729 crores. 
 
The highlight is the turnaround in the service EBITDA from 2.2% last year, we've scaled it to 
10.9% this year. So, the expanded service EBITDA gave us 79 crores of margin, which is four 
times last year. We also have a healthy pipeline here and we feel pretty ready to scale, given 
that we've established a viable, profitable model here. 
 
As we bundle all of this performance into our segment P&L, you'll find that the transport 
adjusted EBITDA has expanded 260 basis points to 6.3%. I call your attention to the box on 
the extreme right. So that's about 6.3%. Again, if you were to look at supply chain services, 
that's gotten to breakeven levels. All of this translates to an overall percentage margin of about 
4.4%. That gives us 457 crores of adjusted EBITDA on a revenue base of 10,486 crores. If you 
look at the box, that is the quarter box, again, the overall adjusted EBITDA percentage 
is….[inaudible].. a revenue of 2,848 crores, giving us an adjusted EBITDA of 151 crores. In 
addition to the profitable growth, our teams have focused with a sharp eye on capital efficiency. 
On the left side, ….[inaudible].. that's come down to 11 days, a very sharp drop in receivables. 
 
This has been brought on with very disciplined and timely collections, including leveraging AI 
and automation on these. If you look at the page to the right, again, from a CapEx intensity 
point of view, CapEx as a percentage of revenue has been brought down diligently. We were 
at about 7.8% in FY23. That's come down all the way to 4.7% now. So, all of this capital 
efficiency has actually helped us from a ROIC point of view. And if you look at this, the margin 
expansion along with the reduction in capital intensity has really resulted in a sharp ROIC. 
 
So, we're at 16%. This is up from 5.2% earlier. So, all the goodness in the transport businesses 
and other businesses that have generated margins, in addition to the disciplined manner in 
which capital spends have been made and working capital has been optimized, has resulted in 
this ROIC of about 16%. 
 
And the margin expansion and the discipline and execution that we saw in the previous slides, 
it has helped us turn free cash flow positive. We have 89 crores of free cash flow this year and 
we're really happy about this. A couple of things, this is one year ahead of plan. 
 
We'd given guidance of this coming up in the next year. So, this is one year ahead of plan and 
this despite all the integration expenses being factored in. So that again augurs well for how 
the business is positioned. 
 
So, we continue to invest in our tech and AI that has been our moat and will continue to be 
ours. So, our tech and AI teams have actually deployed LLMs and multimodal AI across all 
dimensions of operations. So be it voice, be it vision, be it local intelligence, be it real-time 
transaction processing right across the board. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
4 
So, it's underpinned in all our processes from right from order manifestation to mid-mile to 
last-mile to post-delivery. I think embedding AI across a product development process, 
reducing the time and cost to deploy new tech has really benefited us as we scaled our 
operations significantly. And equally, we have dialed up our investments in robotics and 
industrial automation. 
 
So, in-facility automation, be it autonomous mobile robots or automated storage and retrieval 
systems, 3D sorters. So be it in-facility or deliveries, be it drones. Being the first to get a road 
train in India after our last successful 46 feet tractor trailer launch. 
 
So, we've been in the forefront of this, both in terms of infrastructure as well as engineering. 
We also continue to invest in Delhivery Labs to make sure we stay ahead and to make sure that 
we are able to continue to use our tech moat to differentiate and stay ahead. Investing in 
employee benefits and safety has always been paramount to us. 
 
So, our philosophy is that we do well when our people do well, our packages are happy when 
our people are happy. So, from an employee benefits point of view, we've continued to 
accelerate our coverage, in terms of medical needs, medical incidents or any financial support 
during specific life events that our employees need. In addition, for some of our partners, an 
attractive vehicle ownership program for our riders or meals and accommodation provided at 
large facilities. We continue to make sure that our employee benefits keep our employees 
comfortable. From a fleet and rider safety point of view, again, we've been taking on a bunch 
of initiatives, be it fully GPS-enabled fleet, which ensures real-time visibility or structured 
driver training program, initiatives to reduce driver fatigue, etc. So again, we've been 
continuing to make sure that fleet and rider safety is of paramount importance and likewise 
under the roof safety. 
 
So, certification in 100 plus gateways, AI-based camera sensing at mega gateways for real-
time notifications. And then that is complemented with Delhivery academy training for making 
sure that all the safe practices are being used, early adoption of a LI battery. So, we've been 
doing all of that. 
 
So, investing in employee benefits and safety, we continue to place utmost importance on this. 
I think in summary, before we get to the questions, we'd like to state that overall, if you look 
at the year, it's been a satisfying year. We've reinforced market leadership in core transport 
business, both Express and PTL, as you saw the profitable growth. 
 
This has paved the way for new service build-out for deeper differentiation. We continue to 
focus on service to make sure that service excellence through targeted network and infra 
investments continue. We continue to solidify our proprietary tech and engineering moat so 
that we always stay ahead from a cost and service leadership point of view. 
 
Financially, all of these, the profitable growth and the capital optimization has helped us make 
sure that this diligent cash flow accretion is driven by margin expansion and capital efficiency. 
We have a strong balance sheet, which enables disciplined organic and inorganic investments. 
And we continue to make sure that we have best-in-class welfare programs for our workforce 
and partner network. 
 
So, in effect, we are signing off FY26 with strong fundamentals across every line of business. 
The core is profitable. The core is cash generative. SCS is pivoted. We have the balance sheet 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
5 
and the conviction to build our next chapter. With that, I'll hand it over back to you, Dhruv, for 
questions and answers. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks, Vani. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may use the raise hand button on Zoom 
and I'll put you through. We'll wait for a moment till the queue assembles. 
 
We have our first question from the line of Sachin Salgaonkar. Sachin, please state your 
organization name and request you to restrict your questions to two. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
Thanks, Dhruv. This is Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. Hi, Sahil and team, congrats 
on a great set of numbers. 
 
I have a couple of questions. First question - would be great to understand what kind of an 
impact we could expect from an increase in fuel prices, both on consumption as well as cost. 
And we did see the comments from your shareholder letter. 
 
But, Sahil, the question out here is, on the ground, we are picking up in certain areas, in certain 
pockets, Delhivery has increased pricing by rupees 1 to 2. So, I would love to get your thoughts 
on that. And the second question is, there are media articles about Amazon opening up its 3PL 
to get new customers. 
 
We know Flipkart did that a few years back. So, I just wanted to understand what kind of an 
impact we could expect from this. Understand, these are not direct and big competitors at some 
level, but should we see an increased competitive intensity, especially with smaller customers 
like D2C brands and others, as in how Amazon and Flipkart look to scale up their 3PL business? 
 
Thanks. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Thanks, Sachin. On the first one, on the impact of fuel prices on consumption and cost, first 
let's get to the price question. We have a natural pass-through process, where our prices are 
indexed to diesel prices at the pumps, especially in the PTL business. 
 
This is an industry standard. And so, with the increase in the fuel prices, diesel price link 
contracts, obviously, we will see an inflation of price to our customers as well. This is a very 
standard mechanism. 
 
It existed, you know, more or less since we began the PTL business, where the sensitivity to 
the increase in fuel price is higher than in the express business. In the e-commerce or express 
business, the relative sensitivity to increase in fuel prices is actually not as high. That said, we 
still are covered with DPH clauses, which are diesel price hike clauses with customers. 
 
Those are evaluated on a customer-by-customer basis, really, looking at what our margins are, 
the volume share that we have with customers and so on. Where there are more direct pass-
throughs, for example, our airlines had introduced a surcharge, obviously, with the cost of ATF 
going up. And those surcharges obviously got passed forward to customers. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
6 
So, I suspect the 1 to 2 rupees increase that you're seeing would have been immediately on our 
air shipping network. So, we continue to monitor this. There will be some impact, as pump 
prices have obviously gone up right now by about 3 rupees. 
 
Those will get passed on to all of our customers. But there's no broad pricing increase that we 
have planned at the moment. The other is if you look at our margins in Q4, some of the increase 
in fuel prices had already begun to show up in Q4. 
 
What we were able to do was to also organize further cost improvements in other areas of the 
network, which is why when you look at margins in Q4, overall margins in Q4 went up over 
Q3, which otherwise is sort of fairly unusual to see. So, we'll continue to find other areas to 
improve productivity, and continue to improve utilization of the network. And in cases where 
we're already covered, those prices will get passed on and all the others, we look at on a 
contract-by-contract basis. 
 
In terms of the impact on consumption, it's too early for me to really comment here. There's 
been a 3 rupee increase in prices of the pumps. Obviously, there will be some headwinds on 
consumption. 
 
But generally, the way I would look at it is that a more volatile, expensive environment is 
generally better for the market leader and generally better for Delhivery. Because what happens 
is that our relative cost advantages are larger. And so, as an example, when customers want to 
reduce their overall shipping bills, we've seen in the past that they would transition more 
volumes towards Delhivery. 
 
So, hopefully, that will play out. But I think in terms of impact on consumption, etc., let things 
play out a little more over this quarter, and then I'll have a better answer for you. In terms of 
the second question, Amazon opening up 3PL, you've answered the question yourself, which 
is that this is old news, in a way, this has been tried before. 
 
And I'm not really certain what strategic value it serves for anybody at all. Because the relative 
scale of Amazon's in-house operations compared to any client who onboards themselves onto 
Amazon Logistics is going to be absolutely minuscule, which is problem number one. So, how 
exactly do you get customer service at all? 
 
The second is when it finally comes down to a process of deciding at the absolute last mile, 
which order has to be delivered when a rider has to make a choice and is running out of time. 
You know, the first party order is obviously going to get prioritized over any third-party order. 
That's the way first party logistics is designed. 
 
And so, given the relative scale, it's never going to make any sense. And the other piece, of 
course, is that we mentioned this before. We've even published or we even put this out in the 
past, first party logistics is more expensive than third party logistics. 
 
This is after factoring in the margins that we make. So, for most customers, I'm not entirely 
clear why they would willingly ship with any captive network, which is higher cost and does 
not have an ability to prioritize their interests. So, per se, I'm not really sure that this will make 
any difference. 
 
I think this is just an old product in a new wrapper. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
7 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
Got it, Sahil. Very clear. Just squeezing in a short question out here. 
 
We heard a lot of comments in terms of AI, robotics, automation investments, what you guys 
are looking to make. Wanted to understand any impact on OpEx, either led by high inference 
cost on CapEx, we should expect on the back of this? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Not significant enough for us to have to report anything unusual. On the AI front, look, there's 
been a lot of, you know, people have been experimenting left, right and center across, variety 
of industries, even within logistics, but our approach has been more focused. One is our 
approach has been focused on making our technology teams themselves more productive 
outside of certain use cases within our operations. 
 
So, the idea is that we can develop and deploy features internally faster than we ever used to in 
the past or something which would take, maybe three or four sprint cycles or five sprint cycles 
to do today can get done in one or two sprint cycles. Instead, that makes us more agile. So, 
that's been one key focus area from an AI standpoint specifically. 
 
The other is we've used it very strategically in, for instance, in two areas. One is in reducing 
documentation. So, especially in PTL, when you want to manifest a consignment, there's a lot 
of paperwork that we need to go through and that's a productivity loss. 
 
Now, that's an area where today most of it has become automated. Similarly, even 
communicating with end consignees, when you have scheduled deliveries to make or purchase 
orders that need to be relayed between the carrier and the consignee, all of those are now 
technology-led. And the other piece, of course, is in claims handling, where our overall claims 
handling process has become a lot more efficient. 
 
We don't have to rely on human beings anymore to go through every claim that we receive. So, 
our productivity on claims handling, our accuracy of claims handling have both improved 
overall. So, that's been our focus from an AI standpoint. 
 
No change in terms of the size of our, it's not like we need to increase the size of our technology 
team or our inference costs have gone up massively or anything of the sort. And what's 
happened is we've also been able to reduce the sizes of the teams that were earlier doing, for 
example, claims handling or certain parts of customer service and so on. On the industrial 
automation and robotics front, the key area that we are investing in, you know, there are several, 
but the one that I'd highlight the most is really AGVs within our mega gateways. 
 
One of the reasons is, obviously, we've brought this up in the past. I think, you know, the labor 
situation in India continues to tighten. And our anticipation is that this will tighten further in 
the future. 
 
And as a consequence of that, to maintain service reliability, the only option really for logistics 
companies, it doesn't matter whether it's Delhivery or anybody else, is really going to be the 
ability to have access to, high-grade industrial automation. And one of the areas where this is 
going to become particularly painful is in facility movement. I don't think we're getting to 
driverless vehicles or anything just yet. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
8 
So, it really is going to be in how you handle loads within hubs and how you load and unload 
large trailers. And that's where our investment focus has been. This has been done by an in-
house team. 
 
We launched Delhivery Labs about a year back. And we've gone from prototype to now being 
ready to scale up our AGV pilots. We have been doing this in Bombay so far. 
 
This is going to be expanded to other mega gateways within this year. But again, it's not going 
to materially alter our overall guidance on CapEx. So, we've come down to 4.7% or 
thereabouts. We will get to our 4% target. At the moment, we're motoring a little ahead of the 
original plan. But neither the AI initiatives nor the robotics initiatives are going to materially 
alter our CapEx trajectory. 
 
Sachin Salgaonkar 
Super clear. Thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks. The next question is from Aditya Suresh. Aditya, please unmute your line and go ahead 
with your question. 
 
Aditya Suresh 
Hey, Sahil and team. Congratulations. So, the first one is on market share, right? 
 
So, clearly, the sands have shifted compared to, say, 12, 18 months back. So, Sahil, I'd love to 
hear your thoughts and just zoom out, right? Like, one is broader market share, 1P versus 3P. 
 
And then within 3P, kind of your own sense of where you stand at, even a broad range of how 
you think the market has evolved would be really interesting. That's the first question. The 
second is on your net working capital. 
 
You've seen a really meaningful reduction there over the past, say, four years, and particularly 
in the past 12 months. What's been driving this, right? And particularly more recently, and what 
sort of impact is that having on your business? 
 
Thank you. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, thanks, Aditya. Let me start at 30,000 feet and then see if I can work my way into the 
weeds. In terms of the overall market, after the Ecom acquisition, we had said at the time that 
the Ecom acquisition was happening that there were too many players in the express space. 
 
So, the first thing I think is that overall, I think the markets are in a better place. It's more 
settled. What you're seeing is more stable, long-term competitive dynamics as opposed to short-
term price gouging, which we were seeing, for a two-year period prior to this financial year. 
 
So, definitely a better market structure for Delhivery overall. In terms of the shift from 3P to 
1P, one of the large marketplaces which is now listed has anyway spoken about this publicly 
on their earnings call. I think the share of 1P has declined a little bit over the last year. 
 
I have said this before, and I do maintain this, costs in 1P networks are higher than costs in 3P 
networks when fully loaded up. There's absolutely no question about that. The other thing to 
bear in mind in India is that we're seeing a raft of regulatory change. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
9 
 
You are seeing minimum wages going up. You are seeing gig worker laws coming into effect. 
We are seeing an interesting sort of moment in time when labor shortages and productivity-
adjusted labor costs are inflating pretty fast. 
 
And I don't think 1P networks are immune from that either. Earlier a lot of 1P networks would 
also get by outsourcing or outsourcing in inverted commas and therefore, regulatory being in a 
gray area. I think that also now disappears overall. 
 
So, again, the cost pressures being what they are and with increasing fuel costs, the reality is 
that we should see a more benign structure for third-party logistics. Whether it's us or 
Shadowfax or Blue Dart or whoever, overall, we'll see a gradual shift towards 3P, which is 
what I've maintained for quite some time. In terms of the 3P market, I think we look at it two 
ways. 
 
One is the key accounts or the three large marketplaces and then everybody else, which is the 
long tail of the market. Overall, as we look at the long tail of the market, our share of the market 
continues to be stable or actually probably has grown a little bit YoY. We are a dominant player 
in that segment and continue to be there. 
 
And similarly, in different kinds of categories, which are important to us, for example, heavy 
shipping, which is something where, again, we have a fairly dominant market share. Within 
the three marketplaces, our share continues to be more or less stable. I know Shadowfax has 
declared pretty good numbers Q4 over Q4. 
 
And I think that's down to large growth in a single account where we have certain caps. So, 
one of the things we do actively is to manage our relative client concentrations across the 
network for two reasons. One, obviously, is to make sure that we can deliver an absolutely 
consistent service level to all of our customers, because I've mentioned in the past that the big 
marketplaces tend to be pretty choppy in their volume profiles. 
 
And therefore, we have certain mechanisms which allow us to meter their demand across our 
network so that we can maintain service quality not just for them, but also for our other 
customers. And that's something that has been very effective in Q3 and Q4, as a consequence 
of which our PTL volumes have grown very heavily. Because the more stable you maintain 
service levels across the entire network, the more your PTL and heavy and smaller customers 
reward you. 
 
So, in terms of market share that really matters to us, I think we're absolutely fine. Overall 
market share, there may be minor shifts here and there, but nothing very significant. In terms 
of net working capital, I've spoken about this since the time Delhivery has gone public. 
 
Our ambition has always been overall to reach free cash breakeven as soon as we can. I think 
original projections even internally suggested that we would be able to do this towards the end 
of fiscal 27. But this has been a key focus area for us across all our lines of business, Express, 
PTL, supply chain services and FTL. 
 
There are multiple things that have driven this. One is again, the earlier question was around 
what we're doing from an AI standpoint. What we're doing, of course, is being able to bill 
extremely fast and extremely accurately, which we're able to do now, because our counter 
really begins, from the moment that a parcel is delivered. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
10 
 
So, all the way from billing efficiency to proper client selection over a period of time, the larger 
we've got, the more careful we've been with the clients we onboard. There are sometimes large 
RFQs that we don't participate in. For instance, in PTL or certain customers, we don't work 
with in Express, because we don't believe that their payment philosophies match Delhivery's 
requirements. 
 
We've been more selective with that, and that has crunched working capital as well, overall. 
And with clients, we've also been able to work out arrangements where we bill them more than 
once a month in exchange, for either certain preferential pricing, which is net accretive to 
Delhivery. And so, all of these have contributed to the overall decline in NWC. 
 
It’s obviously very sharp. We're very happy with it, quite proud of it overall. And hopefully, 
we'll continue this into the next FY. 
 
Aditya Suresh 
Great. Thank you.  
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks. 
 
The next question is from Vijit Jain. Please go ahead and unmute your line. 
 
Vijit Jain 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So, first question, Sahil, just to build on the previous answer 
you gave on the D2C long tail side in Express Parcel. You said broadly stable market share 
here. 
 
Would that be across, you know, your own direct efforts as well as the aggregator business that 
you get? And in general, you know, with all the investments that you're talking about making 
in product and everything, is there a path here for you to take your market share even higher 
than where it is right now? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, so it's across not just direct customers, but also aggregators. There's no question. We've 
gained a lot of share. 
 
Growth in both those segments has actually been very high, whether customers come to us 
directly as SMEs or D2C brands or whether it's come via aggregators. And is there an 
opportunity for us to continue to gain market share within that segment? Absolutely. 
 
One of the other ways that we have also gained market share with the SME segment specifically 
is with the Delhivery Direct application, where extremely small SMEs are shipping via 
Delhivery directly. So, this isn't even via the Delhivery One panel or via any direct integrations 
or so on. 
 
Vijit Jain 
Got it. And Sahil, second question on, you know, the working capital comment that you made. 
So, you know, as I think the slide mentions, when you get prepaid orders, when you get cash 
on delivery on them, that adjusts in your accounts receivable, right? 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
11 
So, how much of the benefit this year has also been because, you know, the mix of prepaid 
orders that you may have been processing went up? And second, also because, you know, your 
supply chain services business obviously also has seen a lot of improvement. You've talked 
about shedding a lot of clients that were not accretive there. 
 
So, how much of a role did these two things, you know, the client mix in supply chain and the 
client mix in Express played into this working capital improvement? And from a long-term 
point of view, is this 11 days broadly sustainable? That's my second question. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, I think 11 days is sustainable. I mean, it would be very difficult to crunch it precisely for 
one quarter, right? So, we are confident that it's quite sustainable. 
 
Overall, net working capital improvements arise out of systemic investments in improving your 
billing, improving your collections processes, improving your relationships with your clients 
and your customers. It's not something that you can conjure up out of thin air. What you're 
seeing today is 11 days and it looks very impressive. 
 
But I should, I'm duty bound to remind you that three years ago, this was 38 days. So it's been 
a long and arduous journey that our teams have been on over the last year. 
 
It is something that we were pretty confident we would get to and here we are. Will it get better 
from here on? Hopefully, we continue to figure out ways of reducing NWC, which is billing 
faster, moving customers to prepaid. 
 
But of course, there are limits to that because customers also want credit cycles. One of the 
things that we can, of course, do is potentially shift to weekly billing cycles with certain 
customers. But then at some point, the administrative costs of managing that become higher 
than the benefits that you can generate out of it. 
 
So, we'll see. There are further benefits to be had overall for Delhivery as a business, of course, 
because our supply chain services business, even within our PTL business and our FTL 
businesses, total NWC days will continue to crunch over a period of time. We will do that. 
 
In SCS, of course, it has been down to customer selection. But to be perfectly honest, the only 
big call that we took really was to not participate in mother warehousing for quick commerce. 
It's not like there were any other sort of major calls that we had to take. 
 
We renegotiated contracts with a couple of existing clients, which has helped improve 
profitability as well. And also, in SCS, what's happened is as the business has matured, our 
own ability to bill accurately via our systems has improved. There's a period of time it takes 
while we integrate with a customer's billing processes. 
 
When you go and do a hundred crore supply chain services contract with a customer, the reality 
is that integrating with their backend systems, their billing systems and so on takes a certain 
amount of time. So, what we're seeing really is the benefits of all of that accruing to the 
Delhivery now. 
 
Vijit Jain 
Thanks, Sahil. One last question, if we can squeeze in. So, you know, good to see supply chain 
services achieved breakeven in F26. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
12 
 
And you've talked about the pipeline going forward. So, this pipeline and the growth that you 
see from here, it would continue to be, would it continue to be service EBITDA margin 
accretive? And a related question, you know, in your new initiatives, you've talked about an 
investment of 130 to 160 crores over the next year. 
 
Is this going to be all OpEx? And do you have a certain burn rate in mind for, you know, all of 
these initiatives outside of transportation and SCS? That's my last question. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Sure. I'll, you know, tee off the answer on SCS and then invite two of my colleagues to provide 
more color, which is Vani and Navneet who runs the SCS business. But the short answer to 
your question is the SCS pipeline margin accretive? 
 
The answer is yes. There is an internal hurdle rate that every SCS project needs to pass. We do 
not pick up projects which do not meet that hurdle rate. 
 
And we're now pretty accurate with our assessment of what the profitability of each SCS 
account is going to be. There may be a short-term impact on profitability when we start a 
customer up. Just a fundamental detail as an example, let's say for a customer, we need to create 
an 80,000 sqft site in some place, we may end up creating a 140,000 sqft site, because we 
anticipate another conversion from our pipeline. 
 
And so, for a short period of time, that cost will appear on the SCS P&L. But individually, 
every client will meet their hurdle rate. That we're absolutely confident about. 
 
And our pricing also, you have to understand as we've gained experience in sectors like 
consumer durables, auto, e-commerce and  lifestyle, our ability to price accurately has also 
improved over time. And our ability to source transportation at the right prices has improved 
over time. So yes, the SCS business will continue to be margin accretive, which is one. 
 
But Vani, Navneet, both of you are on this call. You know, Navneet, I think you're on this call. 
If you are, why don't you talk through the pipeline very briefly? 
 
Navneet Kumar 
Sure. Thanks, Sahil. So, as you pointed out, we've taken that journey to obviously improve our 
margins to where they are. 
 
We will continue to maintain a disciplined approach in client selection and to make sure we 
manage our internal hurdles. And if you look at the pipeline as well, it's broadly in line with 
our focus sectors as well. So, we do expect and we will maintain that the pipeline and the 
sectors that we look at are going to be margin accretive. 
 
Vijit Jain 
Thanks. And if you can just talk about the new initiatives. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Vijit, I'll request you to re-join the queue, please. Our next question is from Mukesh Saraf. 
 
Mukesh Saraf 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
13 
Yeah. Hi. Good evening. 
 
Congratulations on the good numbers, Sahil and team. Sahil, my first question is on the 
comment you made about 1P to 3P. I mean, you've been telling this for quite some time that 
costs for 1Ps will be higher and probably we'll see, you know, 3Ps back or gaining back some 
wallet share. 
 
I think in the fourth quarter we did see that happening. The question here is, you know, will 
you kind of continue to do, you know, what you're doing in terms of efficiencies and costs and 
wait for, you know, this phenomenon to continue to play out? Or will you try to kind of, you 
know, try and aggressively do this so that 3Ps continue to gain share, say, within Meesho, for 
example? 
 
So, you know, will you just kind of wait for it to play out or will you look to try and get more 
there from, say, Valmo? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Mukesh, you know, I think this question has been going on for a bit of time. Let me try and 
take a different tack to this. I think the problem is that when people look at the third-party 
logistics industry, I think Delhivery needs to be looked at a little differently, right? 
 
First of all, there is no customer on whom we have a very significant dependence and therefore, 
we don't view our relationships with our customers as zero-sum games. And, you know, that 
doesn't matter whether it's Meesho or Flipkart or Amazon or whoever it is. I think they have 
their own reasons for ultimately continuing to persist with first-party logistics and their 
strategies change in response to the circumstances they face as they should, as does Delhivery’s 
and everybody else's. 
 
I think the reality is that first-party logistics does tend to be more expensive than third-party 
logistics. And over a period of time, one believes that if rational financial decision making is 
to be believed, people will move a certain amount of volume towards third-party logistics. Our 
job as Delhivery is merely to continue to do the best possible job that we can, which is reflected 
in our operating service levels, which is reflected in our operating efficiencies that we create 
over time. 
 
And as we do that, customers reward us with their business. So, in some senses, I guess the 
question is sort of moot, there's no question of Delhivery either doing something violent to try 
and change a customer's mind or anything of this sort. I don't think that's possible. 
 
I think customers make the right calls for their business. We are obviously very happy to be 
rewarded with the volume growth that we have seen. And with the additional volume that has 
shifted to us from the marketplace customers who run in-house logistics, we believe that it's a 
win-win for them as well, because we bring down their logistics costs, we provide a high-
quality service to them and their customers, allow them to scale. 
 
And not everything is about immediately just how do you pass a cost back, right? For if you're 
an e-commerce retailer, in fact, the reality is you're in a significantly more competitive 
environment than the third-party logistics industry, because you're all competing with each 
other for the same customer. And so, the person who delivers the best and highest quality 
experience at the lowest cost is the one who wins. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
14 
And so, in some senses, working with Delhivery is a win-win. And I think our big customers 
recognize that as well. So, we will continue to do what we are doing. 
 
It doesn't make a very big difference to us, even if there are changes in their policies internally, 
quarter on quarter or, every six months or so. I think over the long arc of time, more volume 
will shift towards the third-party industry. It makes sense for that to happen organically over a 
period of time. 
 
And also, you have to remember that at some point, all of our customers have to also think 
about where their capital is best put to use. The reality is that Delhivery is demonstrating that 
we have the ability to generate super normative returns on our investments in building hubs 
and building a line-haul network and integrating part-truck and express and so on. Now, I think 
our customers will over a period of time realize that it makes sense for them to reward us with 
that. 
 
But I'll be honest, Mukesh, I've been saying this for three years now. I don't lose a lot of sleep 
over this and I don't think our customers do either. 
 
Mukesh Saraf 
Sure, sure, sure. Absolutely. I'll get that. 
 
So, the second question is kind of related. You also kind of made a comment that the market is 
more settled right now. So, would we also kind of assume that further consolidation in the 
industry? 
 
I mean, we did acquire Ecom Express, but if it's more settled, do you kind of, you know, kind 
of feel that now each of the players also now have strong, I mean, a decent footing and you'll 
probably not see any more consolidation in the industry? It will be more like an organic kind 
of an industry now, say, in the next couple of years or so. 
 
Sahil Barua 
I mean, I'm fairly sure you have a more specific question that you're trying to ask me, so might 
as well. 
 
Mukesh Saraf 
No, I mean, I mean, I mean, they're not too many other players. There's Xpressbees and there's 
maybe a couple of other smaller players. But just trying to understand, is there any more 
consolidation left in the industry, especially, you know, with your customers like Meesho, you 
know, looking at it more objectively between 1P and 3P. 
 
So, then there will also be enough volumes for other 3Ps is what I'm trying to understand. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, look, the reality is that there are now three listed players in the express logistics space 
across ourselves, Blue Dart and ShadowFax. And we have maintained that that market structure 
seems sensible and appropriate. And we all also perform, for what it is worth. We are all 
inhabitants of the Express industry; we perform slightly different roles within that industry as 
well. But is there space for other players in this market? I've said this before, I don't think so. 
 
I don't think Xpressbees has any structural advantages compared to the three listed players, and 
I don't see a reason for them to exist.. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
15 
 
Mukesh Saraf 
Got it. Got it. I got the answer. 
 
Thanks a lot, Sahil. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks, Mukesh. The next question is from Aditya Mongia. Aditya, please go ahead. 
 
Aditya Mongia 
Hi, I hope I'm audible to you all.  
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, you are.  
 
Aditya Mongia 
Thanks, Sahil, for that. 
 
So, Sahil, the first question I had was, as you've been talking on the call about there being room 
and the largest player, there's no concentration risk. Just want to kind of double click on that, 
as in last year, for the folio, it was about 16%, the single largest account for you in terms of 
revenues. Till what level is it okay for this number to go to? My sense is that this number would 
have crossed 20% in this year? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, I think it's a good question. Blunt answer, I think if any single customer were to cross 
35% of revenues, and I don't really have a very scientific basis for that, to be honest, Aditya, 
but I think, let me put it this way, at the moment, while it's higher than the 16% that we were 
at last year, we are absolutely nowhere close to even my made up 35% threshold at this point 
in time. Okay. 
 
So, it's not particularly worrying for us. 
 
Aditya Mongia 
And that's the right way to think about it, right? At the overall level and not at a segmented 
level, right? Or do you have a different view? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yeah, the overall level is how we would look at it. 
 
Aditya Mongia 
Sure. So, the second question that I had was, on slide 8, wherein you talk about the ROICs, as 
in two parts to it. One is that there are different components beyond working capital. 
 
So, are all of them kind of aligned to sales or how to think through them and related question 
if the 16%, as in, does it have a chance to go beyond 20% or not? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Yes, is the short answer. But Vivek, you're on the call. Do you want to go through this in some 
detail? 
 
Vivek Pabari 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
16 
Yes. Aditya, so, in terms of the other assets. So, the first is, the tax receivables will be a big 
amount here. 
 
It is linked to sales. The security deposits are indirectly linked to sales because they correspond 
to our network facilities. And so, and then there will be a few large items which are more linked 
to corporate overheads. 
 
So, they are, again, linked to sales. Everything is linked to sales at the end of the day, but not 
as directly linked as what say receivables is, payables is, or tax receivables is. Now, I think that 
was a factual question you asked, but did you have anything specific in mind when you said 
that they are linked to sales? 
 
Aditya Mongia 
One could see the working capital line items move fairly ferociously from 324 to 135. So, that's 
the question. 
 
Vivek Pabari 
Yeah. So, the things which are, say something like a security deposit, will also over a period 
of time improve as  days of sales because as the network utilization increases, that number also 
goes down as a percentage of sales. The items which are linked to corporate overheads will 
certainly go down as a percentage of sales because corporate overhead themselves go down as 
a percentage of sales. 
 
So, in a way, the capital intensity as a percentage of sales will go down for our transport 
business. Today, that capital invested is about 21.5% of revenue. I would think that this easily 
at least has a 2-3% points improvement potential on working capital as well as other line items. 
 
The steady state ROICs, currently we are at 16%, but in a steady state, this number for our 
transport business can certainly go to 25% plus. A small contribution in that journey from 16 
to 25% will come from this capital intensity improvement, which I said that 21.5%can go down 
by a couple of percentage points. But a big factor will be our overall profitability improvement. 
 
The adjusted EBITDA, which is today at 6.3%, has a potential to go all the way up to at least 
10%. And the drivers we have spoken about multiple times in the past, the Express and PTL 
service EBITDA getting closer to 18%. Express is already there, but PTL getting closer to 18%. 
 
And the corporate overheads going down to, say, 7% of revenue, that takes the adjusted 
EBITDA to about 11% of revenue from the current 6%. So that will be the biggest driver of 
taking the ROICs from 16% currently to 25% plus for our transport business. 
 
Aditya Mongia 
Great to hear, those were my questions. Thanks for your response, Vivek. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thank you. The next question is from Abhishek Banerjee. Abhishek, please go ahead. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, first 
question is, sorry, I joined a bit late. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
17 
So, in case somebody else has asked it, please excuse me. But just wanted to understand, we 
are seeing this kind of growth in the industry. So, hello. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
 Yes, Abhishek, we can hear you.  
 
Sahil Barua 
Please go ahead, Abhishek. We can hear you. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee 
Yeah, I'm saying we are seeing this kind of growth in the industry after a very long time, and 
the last time this kind of growth kind of happened, everybody kind of went into full CapEx 
mode, etc. And we saw what happened after that. Now, is there a chance of the CapEx intensity 
again increasing for the industry? 
 
And how are you thinking about it going ahead? 
 
Sahil Barua 
I'm not sure what exactly you mean by everybody in the industry went into a CapEx intense 
mode. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee 
I am talking about, say, Ecom Express and XpressBees. We started really investing in CapEx. 
And I'm talking about FY23 or… 
 
Sahil Barua 
No, no, I don't think that's correct. I think they voluntarily set the balance sheets on fire, entirely 
separate circumstances. So that's a different issue. 
 
I don't think anybody is going to get into an operating burn environment, which is what they 
did the last time around, and which is why one of them is no longer here with us. But if your 
question is broadly, because we are seeing growth in our Express network, is our capital 
intensity going to change? The short answer is no. 
 
And the reason for that is that fundamentally, if you look at our CapEx, not that much of it is 
indexed to the Express business any longer. Our growth in tonnage from the PTL business and 
the heavy part of our Express network has been high. And that's been driving overall capital 
intensity. 
 
And despite that, you can see that the trend of CapEx as a percentage of revenue has floated 
down from, I think, about, if I'm not mistaken, Vivek just help me out, 7.2% of revenue about 
three years ago to about 4.7% today.  
 
Vivek Pabari 
7.8 to 4.7 
 
Sahil Barua 
Sorry, 7.8 to 4.7. So absolutely no, we do not anticipate that because we are seeing larger 
volumes, there'll be a very big change in our capital intensity. I think we've learned how to 
improve our network utilizations. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
18 
That will continue, you know, and will we have to launch more mega gateways over a period 
of time? The answer is probably yes, but as a percentage of our base capacity, that's going to 
be now smaller and smaller than it was at the start. So that's one. 
 
And in terms of whether other players in the industry will dial up their capital intensity,, I don't 
think that's very likely because most of them don't run integrated networks in the first place. I 
think there's some CapEx that will be required by players who want to enter the heavy space 
or who want to quickly ramp up overall sortation operations or so on. I'm not very sure. 
 
But if your question is, are we going to see irrational pricing the way we saw three years ago 
or four years ago? I think the short answer to that is no, because everybody's seen that movie 
and knows how it ends. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee 
And you don't expect, say, Amazon also to get aggressive. I mean, given, you know, they did 
kind of do some press announcements, etc. You don't see any renewed threat from there, right? 
 
Sahil Barua 
You know, if only businesses could be built off press releases, but I don't think so. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee 
Got it. And just one last question. What do you think, you know, one should be building in for, 
you know, express growth over the next couple of years? 
 
Because there seems to be some sort of bounce back in e-commerce, in the business overall, 
even, you know, if we net off the effect of insourcing going down. So, what is the right number 
two kind of thing from a medium-term perspective? 
 
Sahil Barua 
You know, on a much lighter note, I'm thrilled about the fact that we finally have a listed e-
commerce company in India, who is much better positioned to answer what industry growth 
for e-commerce will look like over the short and medium term compared to the downstream 
beneficiaries of it like Delhivery. But, on behalf of our customers, I can tell you that we 
anticipate that they should see nothing less than 20% kind of growth rate, 15 to 20% growth 
rates for the industry as a whole. That's at least what our numbers seem to suggest. 
 
You know, inter-se share of different customers keeps changing basis, whatever their 
objectives are for the financial year. But I think e-commerce as a whole growing at 15 to 20%, 
we've consistently maintained that we think that that in India is, is the likely growth rate into 
the medium term. 
 
Abhisek Banerjee 
Well, thank you so much. Thanks so much, Sahil. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
The next question is from Ankita Shah. Ankita, please go ahead. 
 
Ankita Shah 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My question is on your planned investments on new 
businesses like Delhivery Direct, Delhivery Rapid, you know, how are you looking at the scale 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
19 
up on those businesses and what kind of investment can we expect in the next couple of years? 
And how do you see it panning out in future? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Well, I mean, very optimistically, Delhivery Direct is our intracity on demand logistics service. 
Via the Delhivery application, we provide not just the intercity service, but also the intra-city 
service. The intra-city service is now live in six cities. 
 
The intercity service has been live for a while. The intercity service, of course, is really no 
different from our parcel service, except it's targeted at very small businesses and consumers 
and is margin accretive. The reality is when combined with our intracity business Delhivery 
Direct actually, as a whole, is probably profitable. 
 
But we report the intercity segment within our express vertical as a whole and intracity 
separately. Why we're doing intracity is pretty simple. It's the same logic as what we have used 
for all the businesses that we have built over time, which is that we look at whether Delhivery 
itself, first of all, is a large consumer of the service that we intend to launch. 
 
And the answer over here is yes. Because we ourselves require on-demand logistics across our 
distribution centers, our service centers, our fulfillment centers when we're delivering, for 
example, for our SCS customers and so on. And so, it made sense for us to build the on-demand 
intracity logistics capability, which is what we're in the process of doing. 
 
And then, of course, as we've done in the case of PTL in the past, in the case of FTL in the 
past, the idea is when a service reaches a certain amount of critical demand that we're convinced 
we can generate ourselves, we also externalize it and open it to external customers, which is 
what we're in the process of doing. At this point in time, I think in fiscal 26, we have invested 
about 76 crores, a large portion of which has been towards the on-demand intracity service. 
Our anticipation of the investment for fiscal 27 is broadly between about 130 and 160 crores 
that we've guided to in our shareholder letter as well. 
 
I think this gets us to north of about a 200-crore run rate in terms of on-demand intracity 
logistics. This will, of course, not include the services that this division provides to Delhivery 
internally as well. So, this is purely the external GMV that we anticipate we will be able to 
generate. 
 
So pretty optimistic. I think on-demand intracity is a very large space and it's a very 
underserved space. There are a few players in this. 
 
Porter has obviously done a very good job servicing this space and there's room for Delhivery 
as well to play. 
 
Ankita Shah 
Would you be able to quantify how big would be the TAMs in this segment? 
 
Sahil Barua 
No, and I think as with all things in India, nobody really knows what all these TAMs actually 
are. I can just tell you that it's very, very large. There are millions of commercial vehicles that 
fly across all of these cities. 
 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
20 
You can multiply them, whatever number you think is appropriate for the number of LCVs that 
are there in India multiplied by maybe 2000 rupees a day and that's going to end up being the 
TAM. But suffice to say, it's a very large, you know, sort of single, if not low double digit 
billion-dollar market. 
 
Ankita Shah 
Got it. Thank you so much. Thanks, and all the best. 
 
Sahil Barua 
Thank you very much. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks. The next question is from Atul Borse. Atul, please go ahead. 
 
Atul Borse 
Hi, team. Congrats on a good set of numbers. So, I have two questions specifically. 
 
First, on the FCF positivity, I just wanted to know that while in OCF, there will be a benefit 
from Ecom acquisition. So just wanted to get a sense that if we exclude the benefit from this, 
will we still be FCF positive in FY26? That's my first question. 
 
And the second question is on your fleet size, which has seen a drop on a Q&Q basis as well, 
despite we're doing a higher PTL tonnage. Is there like an increase in our tractor-trailer 
efficiency or is this deliberate like right sizing after the integration? Those are my two 
questions. 
 
Sahil Barua 
I'm not sure I understood your first question. Your first question is if Ecom Express acquisition, 
sorry, what impact does Ecom Express have on our platform? 
 
Atul Borse 
After consolidation, there will be a benefit from, let's say, the volume flowing and integration. 
If that would have not been there in the OCF, will we still be FCF positive that I wanted to 
know. 
 
Sahil Barua 
So, if I understand your question right, you're saying if we had done lesser volumes than we 
had done today, would we still be free cash positive? I mean, that has nothing to do with Ecom 
Express, right?  
 
Atul Borse 
Okay. 
 
Sahil Barua 
I mean, if we had done significantly lower volumes with significantly higher CapEx, we would 
not have been free cash positive. The important thing over here is that we are free cash positive. 
 
Atul Borse 
All right. And on the second… 
 
Vivek Pabari 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
21 
Sahil, if I may add here, Atul, actually the reality is the other way around. Ecom Express related 
cost we have incurred, the integration cost, the OCF has actually been brought down by those 
costs. Had there not been those costs, our actual core business free cash flow would have been 
meaningfully higher than the 89 crores number. 
 
Atul Borse 
Yeah, that's what I wanted to know actually, that the acquisition has been breaking down the 
cost or not. And thanks for that. And on the second question, like are you seeing any efficiency 
in tractor tailors or this is the like fleet size on a steady state basis? 
 
Vivek Pabari 
I'll take that. I think you are referring to the KPI slides in the appendix and you are referring to 
the fleet size daily average number going down from 21 to 20,000. This is just the vendor fleet 
that we use on a daily basis. 
 
And we use two kinds of  fleet. One is actually the contracted monthly fleet and then the other 
is a variablized fleet where the partners bring their own vehicles and we pay them on a per kilo 
basis. This number includes only the first type of a fleet. 
 
The mix between the two kinds of fleet keeps changing quarter on quarter depending on the 
geographical mix of volumes or depending on the client mix of volumes. And so, the only 
reason you see this fleet is going down is because the share of that per kilo fleet has actually 
gone up. It has nothing to do with our tractor trailers. 
 
That's not included here. Our tractor trailer count has actually gone up QoQ. 
 
Atul Borse 
All right. Thank you. Thank you for the answer. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks. I'll ask a question, Sahil. So, you know, with, you know, crossing 10,000 crores in 
revenue now in this year and over the last three or four years, what we've seen is that you've 
really dominated the roadside of things. 
 
Do you think the organization is, you know, or thinking about getting into other modes of 
transportation? We've seen that you made a, you know, entry into air, but is it the right time to 
get into maybe something beyond road in a big way? Or do you think that road still offers a 
very large opportunity? 
 
Sahil Barua 
It's a good question, Dhruv. I think road still offers a very large and untapped opportunity for 
Delhivery. You know, no matter which economy you look at around the world, road is the 
predominant sort of, you know, transportation option. 
 
And specifically in India, the relative advantages of road are, let me put it this way, there's a 
general belief that as you sort of start getting to mid and long distances, for instance, that rail 
and air can become more competitive. The one of the advantages of India is that our distances 
are not large enough for alternate modes of transport, whether it's rail or whether it's air, to be 
very significant, you know, the trucking times themselves are actually not that long, you can 
truck from Delhi to Bombay, for example, on our tractor trailers within about sub 20 hours. 
And so relatively speaking, there's no massive incentive to move towards rail. 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
22 
 
The other problem when you look at rail in India, and I'll go, I know you didn't ask the question 
specifically about rail, but I'll break it up as road, rail and air. So, when you come to rail, the 
other problem in India, of course, is the railway system and when you look at where railheads 
are, for the most part, they're not designed around a cargo carrying capacity. They're really 
designed to ferry passengers. 
 
Of course, if you were doing things like commodities, or if you were doing agri, you know, a 
captive rail network is an entirely different proposition. But that's not a business that Delhivery 
is in. So, the business that we are in, you know, I think road is predominantly sort of going to 
continue to remain the focus. 
 
In terms of air, it's an interesting question. I think Delhivery certainly does have the baseloads 
across our entire network to make a larger air network viable. We continue to fly commercial 
passenger belly. 
 
And at the moment that continues to suit our overall requirements. Also, the problem in air, of 
course, is that running a subscale fleet of air freight doesn't make any sense. So, Delhivery by 
itself entering air freight would not be very sensible because, you know, the cost of running a 
four-plane network or whatever, or a six-plane network would be too high. 
 
I think over a period of time, we will look at partnerships with airline companies and see if we 
can get them to work with us on strategic ventures in air cargo. And that's something that we 
continue to explore. Of course, in India, choices are relatively limited. 
 
And of course, the reality is that right now, the airline industry has a lot to think about. So, it's 
not an immediate priority. We'll continue to do passenger belly. 
 
And we continue to expand the routes that we operate in. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Okay. And my second question is, you know, is on the PTL side of things. So, over the last 
two or three years, we've seen that you've done extremely well in terms of gaining market share. 
 
But there's still some gap between you and the number one player. So, you know, I just want 
to understand in terms of capability, in terms of positioning, do you think that now you have 
all the ingredients in place to kind of chase that? Or do you think that there are certain things 
that you'd still want to add? 
 
Sahil Barua 
Well, I think, you know, the answer is in your question itself, right? The fact that we have 
everything that we need to achieve a leadership position in PTL is something that we've 
demonstrated over the last three years, both in terms of being the fastest growing player in our 
business. Again, Varun's on this call, so he'll talk through specifics. 
 
But we've gone from about two and a half years back or two years back, maybe sub 300,000 
tons of freight, something like 280,000-290,000 tons of freight to something like 550,000 tons 
of freight in this quarter. And our gross margins have gone from 14% to 28%. So, you know, 
we've doubled margins and grown the business 1.8 times over the last two and a half, three 
years. So obviously, the capabilities that we have are valuable to the market. We're pretty 

Delhivery Ltd.  
Q4FY26 Earnings Call  
May 16, 2026 
 
23 
confident that we will continue to be the fastest growing player in this space. But Varun's on 
this call, and this is an important business, and it's a good question. 
 
So, he should certainly weigh in. 
 
Varun Bakshi 
So, I think Sahil, you have answered it. I think, Dhruv, on this, the playbook is there, right? 
The playbook, it's not a one or two quarter affair. 
 
It's been two, two and a half, three years of us consistently doing that. We just have to keep on 
repeating that, get the BD guys at the right place, reach out to the right customer, keep on 
having those conversations, make sure a customer who, let's say, has 500 units of business to 
offer starts with 2, 3, 4, 5 units, whatever it is, increase your wallet there and get into that cycle 
with every possible customer who's out there. So, I think, in terms of product or service, 
whatever you want to call PTL as, I think there, we have a fair bit of control on what's 
happening. 
 
We are able to gain share of wallet and do the right thing in terms of margins. At the same time, 
we just have to keep on doing what we have been doing over and over again at multiple 
geographical locations. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Great. Thanks a lot, Varun and Sahil. That brings us to the end of the call. 
 
So, Sahil, any closing comments? 
 
Sahil Barua 
No, thank you, Dhruv and the Ambit team for hosting us this evening. And thank you to 
everybody who's joined the earnings call. I know it's a Saturday evening. 
 
So really appreciate everyone joining and for your questions. Overall, very satisfied with the 
closing to FY26. Getting past 10,000 crores is obviously one milestone. 
 
The second was a billion orders in e-commerce. The other was 2 million tons of freight in PTL. 
And the biggest one that we're very happy about is having turned free cash positive. 
 
So, several of the themes that we've been talking about over the last three years, hopefully, this 
is a culmination of all of those moves. And you can see that they've played out. So, we're well 
set up for fiscal 27. 
 
I know it's been a volatile start. So, we'll see how it goes. Thank you. 
 
Dhruv Jain 
Thanks, Sahil. Everyone, you may now disconnect the call. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or other 
inconsistencies that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
