 
 
Classification: Internal
 
May 06, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
Symbol: LALPATHLAB        
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539524 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
on Financial Results for Q4 & FY26. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Gujral 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
Vinay 
Gujral
Digitally signed by 
Vinay Gujral 
Date: 2026.05.06 
18:00:24 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
April 30, 2026 
 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour  
Management Speakers 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee - Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group CFO and CEO, International 
Business 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Tausif Shaikh – BNP Paribas 
• 
Amey Chalke – JM Financial 
• 
Anshul Agrawal – Emkay Global 
• 
Abdulkader Puranwala – ICICI Securities 
• 
Bino Pathiparampil – Elara Capital 
• 
Rajat Baldewa – Kizuna Wealth 
• 
Hrishikesh Patole – Tokai Investors 
• 
Prakash Kapadia – Kapadia Financial Services 
• 
Aniket Shinde – SMIFS 
• 
Rishi Mody – RDM Advisory LLP 
• 
Rahul Salvi – Franklin Templeton 
• 
Gaurav Tinani – Ambit Capital 
• 
Hafeez Patel – ASK Investment Managers 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Dr. Lal PathLabs' Q4 & FY26 
Earnings Conference Call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star, and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki:  
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs' Q4 & FY26 
earnings conference call. Today we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including Mr. Shankha Banerjee, CEO, and Mr. Ved Prakash 
Goel, Group CFO, and CEO, International Business. 
I would like to share our standard disclaimer. Some of the statements made on 
today's conference call could be forward-looking in nature, and the actual results 
could vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed statement in this regard 
is available in the results presentation, which has been circulated to you and also 
available on stock exchange websites. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Shankha Banerjee to share his perspectives. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Thank you, Nishid, and good evening, everyone. I am pleased to join you today to 
discuss our performance for the fourth quarter and full fiscal 2026.  
We concluded the year on a strong note, maintaining our steady growth trajectory. 
Our FY26 performance underscores the resilience of our business model and the 
continued preference of patients towards clinically reliable organized diagnostic 
providers. 
We achieved revenue of Rs. 703 crore in Q4 FY26 with a growth of 16.6% and Rs. 
2,763 crore in FY26 with a growth of 12.2%. This performance has been primarily 
driven by growth in sample volumes.  
A significant highlight this quarter was the successful hosting of Medllumina 2026, a 
first of its kind international medical conference from Dr. Lal PathLabs. This landmark 
event brought together over 500 clinicians and global thought leaders to deliberate 
on the ‘New Era of Diagnostics’, specifically focusing on high complexity domains 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
such as Oncogenomics, Transplant Immunology, Infertility, Auto-Immunity, and Rare 
Genetic Disorders. By creating a platform over 2 days of scientific dialogue and 
collaboration, we are not only reinforcing our scientific leadership and brand equity 
among the clinician community but also accelerating the adoption of high-end 
specialized testing. This initiative underscores our position as a vital clinical partner, 
deeply integrated into the precision medicine ecosystem.  
To further build on our Scientific Leadership, we have started a wide-ranging R&D 
program. It encompasses tie-ups with leading academic institutes with specific 
research projects, international companies, and start-up ecosystem collaborations 
as well as in-house research projects culminating with publications in reputed 
medical journals. 
On the operational side, we successfully executed our expansion plan for the year, 
adding 14 new labs and more than 1,100 collection centers. These additions, 
coupled with the integration of cutting-edge AI diagnostic tools and specialized 
testing platforms ensure that we are well-positioned to meet the rising demand for 
high-quality accessible healthcare across the country. 
Our preventive healthcare brand, Swasthfit, contributed 27% to our total revenue in 
FY26, proving to be a critical lever for B2C growth. Sustained growth in Swasthfit 
continues as we deepen market penetration and offer a wider range of packages.  
An important milestone of our strategic journey this year has been the launch of 
Sovaaka in the premium wellness space. Sovaaka is not just an addition to our 
portfolio, it represents a foray into ‘AI-powered Precision Health Screening’.  
Unlike traditional diagnostic models, Sovaaka offers a holistic concierge-led 
experience that bridges the gap between high-end diagnostics and personalized 
health management. 
In parallel, the larger health care ecosystem is also expanding with many hospitals 
adding new infrastructure and capabilities. Thus, it is not surprising that diagnostics 
are also growing alongside this expansion. This further opens opportunities for better 
integration, stronger linkages, and expansion of super specialized testing over time. 
We are entering FY27 with strong operational momentum, a strengthened digital 
infrastructure, and a clear pathway towards sustaining early to mid-teens revenue 
growth.  
I will now hand over the call to Ved to discuss the financial metrics in more detail. 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Ved Goel: 
Thank you, Shankha. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome. Thank you for 
joining us today.  
I will take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter and the full year 
2026.  
• 
Revenue for Q4 FY26 came in at Rs. 703 crore compared to Rs. 603 crore 
in the same quarter last year, reflecting a growth of 16.6%. 
• 
Revenue for the full year stands at Rs. 2,763 crore against Rs. 2,461 crore 
in FY25, a growth of 12.2%, driven by sample volume growth of 12.9% in Q4 
and 10.4% in FY26.  
• 
Revenue per patient for Q4 FY26 is Rs. 956, up by 7.8% compared to Rs. 
887 in Q4 FY25. This is mainly due to improvement in tests and geographic 
mix. 
• 
Test per patient for Q4 FY26 stood at 3.21 compared to 3.07 in Q4 last year.  
• 
EBITDA for Q4 FY26 came in at Rs. 187 crore compared to Rs. 169 crore 
in Q4 FY25, registering a growth of 10.5% with an EBITDA margin of 26.6%. 
• 
The full year EBITDA stood at Rs. 752 crore compared to Rs. 696 crore in 
FY25, registering a growth of 8.2% with a margin of 27.2%.  
• 
PBT for Q4 FY26 came in at Rs. 160 crore compared to Rs. 154 crore in the 
same period last year with a margin of 22.8%. Full year PBT stood at Rs. 
669 crore against Rs. 625 crore in FY25 with a margin of 24.2%. 
• 
PAT for Q4 FY26 came in at Rs. 132 crore compared to last year Rs. 156 
crore in Q4 with a PAT margin of 18.8%.  
• 
Full year PAT stood at Rs. 510 crore against Rs. 492 crore in FY25 with a 
margin of 18.4%.  
• 
EPS for the full year is Rs. 30.2 compared to Rs. 29.2 last year. 
• 
Please note that the results for this quarter and the full year have some 
exceptional items:  
1. One-time cost of Rs. 30 crore related to the new Labour Code, which 
was accounted for in Q3 FY26.  
2. There was an additional benefit of Rs. 41 crore in Q4 FY25 on 
account of voluntary liquidation of Suburban Diagnostics. 
• 
Excluding these one-time and exceptional items, EBITDA margin for FY26 
is 28.3% with a growth of 12.5% and PAT margin is 19.3% with a growth of 
17.9%.  
• 
We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with our net cash and cash 
equivalents standing at Rs. 1,526 crore, providing ample liquidity for future 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
growth and M&A. Our commitment to operational excellence is reflected in 
our lean working capital, which is negative by 26 days.  
• 
Further, I am pleased to share that the Board of Directors have approved 
the final dividend of 40%, that is Rs. 4 per share, taking the total dividend for 
the year to Rs. 20.5 per share, that is 280% after adjustment of bonus issue 
of 1:1 in Q3 FY26. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks and now request the moderator to open 
the forum for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question comes from the line of Tausif Shaikh from 
BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity, A couple of questions on the recent 
asset acquisition of Shahbazkers in Mumbai. Just wanted to know, I mean, what is 
the business mix over there? What is the share of Radio and Path? Are 100% of 
revenue considering walk-in patient? And what has been the rationale of Dr. Lal 
acquiring this asset? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Right. I will take the last part first, the reason we have acquired this asset is this is 
quite an old operating lab. It has got a legacy of over 45 years in that geography. 
And it is in a micro market in Mumbai, where we actually with either Lal PathLabs or 
Suburban do not really have a significant presence. So, this is going to add to our 
portfolio in that market, given that we are looking at really building our presence 
strongly in Mumbai and the West region. So that is the reason why we have acquired 
this entity. Yes, it is a business which has radiology as well as pathology, but I think 
the exact mix is not something which we are really kind of disclosing. 
Ved Goel: 
Largely, it is a pathology, but having a basic radiology, which is sonography and X-
ray, but not high-end radiology. Largely it is a pathology business. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
And what would be the EBITDA margin profile for this asset? 
Ved Goel: 
We have not disclosed the EBITDA margin as of now. We have disclosed it is about 
a Rs. 6 crore kind of turnover, top line. It is a small asset, it is not large. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
And does this asset have scope to further grow in that micro market that Dr. Lal can 
scale up over there? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes. Idea is it obviously gives us access to that micro market. And over a period of 
time, as we deploy some of our products and marketing techniques, we would expect 
this geography to grow. 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Tausif Shaikh: 
That is helpful Any color on this quarter volume growth? It looks better compared to 
previous quarters? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes. So, this quarter, volume growth has come at 8.2%. But even in the last quarter, 
I had mentioned that quarter-to-quarter, even on volume is not really a very, I would 
say, a robust way to look at it. But if you look at the annual progression of the patient 
volume growth, we have steadily increased over the last 3 years, and we feel that 
going forward also, we should be able to inch up further in terms of patient volume 
growth with our new access points, labs, and collection network that we are 
increasing, we should see some increase in that number as well. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
That is helpful. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Amey Chalke from JM 
Financial. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you for taking my question and congrats with a good number. So, one 
question I have on the margin side. This quarter, we have seen a sharp jump in the 
other expenses. I understand that second half is generally marketing heavy. But 
given this jump looks much sharper even on 3Q, how sustainable it is? And if you 
can also give color on margin for next year in line with that? Thank you. 
Ved Goel: 
Amey, this quarter, we have spent a little bit extra, as we said, we are investing in 
the business. We have spent extra amount on our infra, uplifting of infra, including 
Delhi NCR as well. Second is, we are spending more amount on A&P, which is, while 
we are going deeper or spreading across other geographies. Spending on the A&P 
is also step up. So, these are a few of the expenses where we have done in this 
quarter. While for the next year, as we are closing this year 27.2%, even after taking 
the one-time charge of Rs. 30 crore on account of new Labour Code. So, we are 
hopeful for next year also, we are looking something similar margin like between 
27% to 28%. 
Amey Chalke: 
You do not expect margin to expand next year, what you are telling? 
Ved Goel: 
Yes. So that is why I am saying, we are expecting this margin in the range of 27%- 
28% and the reason because we are investing in the business, be it infra, be it 
opening new labs. If you see in last 2 years, we have added 32 labs. This year also, 
we have added 14 labs and we will continue to add a few more labs in next year 
also. Those investments are going in the business, and that is where we are looking 
to maintain the similar margins. 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Amey Chalke: 
And also, I wanted to understand, I believe last few quarters, you have also given an 
indication on the price hike, which we have not taken over the last 3 years. Any 
thoughts on that? Also, if it is going to come, should not that also will help you to 
improve margins in the coming year? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The price hike, we have said that we have completed 3 years since we took our last 
price increase. But we also said that we will kind of wait and watch, especially 
because we have taken a decision to pass on the GST-related benefit. A few 
quarters, we will wait and watch and see how the market is reacting and what position 
we are in, how is our business growing? How is the competitive situation looking 
like? 
 
I think basis that maybe we will decide whether we need to take a price increase or 
not. But definitely, if it is there, it is a few quarters away. It is not something which is 
immediately on the cards. And on the margin front, you know the overall margin that 
we see 27%-28%, we feel is quite a healthy margin. anything extra that we feel can 
be generated or if it is available for us, we will invest back into the business for 
growth. 
Amey Chalke: 
Thank you so much, sir. I will join back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Anshul Agrawal from Emkay 
Global. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
I just wanted to confirm the FY27 revenue guidance that you mentioned, sir, is it early 
to mid-teens? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, early to mid-teens. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Great. So that suggests that the volume growth that we have delivered in the current 
quarter seems to be sustainable for the entire year. Is there any particular geography 
or channel which is sort of disproportionately contributing to this growth, your 
thoughts and some more colour on this. I am guessing you are growing faster than 
industry here? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think I would not kind of correlate it to a quarter alone because, again, if I am talking 
about, let is say, if you look at the annual trajectory, and that is a much better way to 
judge because between quarters, there could be some movements and seasonality 
and other impacts, which can happen. So best way to look at is the annual number. 
If you look at the annual number, the patient volume growth is at 5.3%, which is 
better than 4.2% and we have given, let is say, 12.2% overall annual revenue growth. 
Now if we move up, obviously, there is some part of it will be through the patient 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
volume, but we are also seeing samples per patient increasing. The sample volume 
growth is another factor and because of geography and test mix, we are seeing a 
revenue per patient also going up. All of these 3 will finally contribute to the overall 
revenue delivery. So, the 8.2% patient volume growth that we have seen in this 
quarter is something which I would not hastily built into the plan for next year. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Got it clear. What I wanted to probably understand just a follow-up on this was 
whether realization per patients which have improved as well, I understand Ved Goel 
mentioned that it is because of geographical and test mix. This is despite us 
increasing contribution from Tier 3 geographies. I am trying to understand again here 
whether Tier 3 geographies are dilutive in nature or accretive in nature to our 
baseline realizations? Yes, your thoughts. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think this is a discussion we have been pondering in the last quite a few of these 
calls and you see close to 39% of our revenues is now coming from Tier 3 plus 
geographies, and we have a realization, which is in front of you. So obviously, it 
cannot be dilutive and I think I have tried to explain it in the past as well. The way we 
run our pricing is actually in clusters. So it is not as if I move from a city like Lucknow 
to, let us say, a city or a town, which is smaller nearby, the pricing is going to change.  
The pricing in that cluster is actually the same. It is not as if I am going to a Tier 3 
market naturally means that pricing is going to be different. The cluster pricing 
remains the same and parallelly, even when I am going into the Tier 3, Tier 4 towns, 
with more access, we will be able to sell our health packages, preventive check-ups 
and all of those, which even on a revenue side per patient side is slightly higher 
revenue. So I think there are those factors there. So as of now, it has not been 
dilutive, and we do not believe it is going to be dilutive going forward as well. 
Anshul Agrawal:  
Great. Clear. Could you help me with the capex guidance for FY27 and the B2C 
contribution, B2C revenue share in the current year? 
Ved Goel: 
Anshul, for capex, I think we are planning to be in the range of Rs. 100 crore - Rs. 
120 crore kind of capex for the next year. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The B2C contribution this year is about 75%. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Sorry, just if I can squeeze in one more. Ved-ji, this capex guidance, I would suspect 
there are incremental capex in addition to sort of the lab infrastructure. Could you 
call out whether, are there any radiology projects planned, which are built in this 
capex number? 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Ved Goel: 
Yes. We are planning to have 1 or 2 radiology centres. So that includes in there. This 
Rs. 100 crore - Rs. 120 crore is one is maintenance capex. Obviously, another is we 
are opening like we opened 14 labs in this year. Next year also, we are looking 12 
to 15 labs, another labs. And one you know, another investment we are making in 
our precision lab. So those are the additional investment in addition to maintenance 
capex. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Okay, many thanks sir all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Hi Sir, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is with regards to, you know, 
the FY27 revenue growth guidance. If you look post-COVID, our run rate has been 
around 10%-12% kind of a growth, and you are guiding for early to mid-teens. So 
just wanted to understand what are the kind of structural tailwinds you are seeing 
into the business?  
And secondly, if I look at your FY26 performance, it has been quite broad-based 
across regions. If you could also highlight when we talk about Tier 3, Tier 4, which 
are these geographies exactly contributing to the growth? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The confidence behind the early to mid-teens is driven by the work which has been 
happening in the last 2 years. I think the continuous expansion of lab infrastructure 
and the collection network. If you see over 2 years, we have added close to about 
32 labs and almost close to 2,000 collection centres.  
Now we all know that these infrastructure matures with time. Typically, that is what 
is going to be building up for us, number 1. Number 2, we have quite a bit of a focus 
back on Delhi NCR, which is our stronghold, and we have been able to sustain the 
double-digit growth in Delhi NCR. And we believe that even going forward, we will 
be able to sustain a double-digit growth in Delhi NCR.  
Our West region, our Suburban business in the last quarter as we had spoken earlier 
has started picking up. We are seeing better growth trajectory coming back to 
Suburban. So those are the, those are really helping us you know, project a number 
that we should be able to do early to mid-teens. So that is the place. You had a 
second part to the question. What was that exactly? 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Yes, sir. Second part to the question was when I look at your FY26 growth of 12% 
and on the PBT, when I refer to the revenue split you know across the region, it is 
quite identical to what it was in fiscal 2025. When we talk about much of the growth 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
coming from Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities, how does that pan across the regions in which 
you operate in? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Most of our Tier 3+ towns are in our stronger brand markets in North and East. So 
that is where you know, most of them are. But there are Tier 3 towns that we operate 
in West and South as well. All of them are showing growth. And like I said, you know 
some of the metro areas like Suburban business is also showing some upside and 
Delhi NCR also is doing well for us, it is quite broad-based. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Understood. And just one last one, if I may. Yes. So sir, I mean, if you could also 
highlight on the Sovaaka centres, how many centres we have? And you know when 
we talked about next year capex guidance, what are we factoring? And you know 
what is the revenue run rate across the centres now? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Sovaaka, we have launched one center, which was launched in January. I think it is 
a new concept and even I think in the last call, I think we had highlighted this that we 
would first like to stabilize the centre before we work out the expansion plan. So 
immediately in the next financial year, we are not really looking at more centres, 
which are like Sovaaka, but there are other integrated high-end radiology centres 
that we have opened in Delhi NCR.  
We may open in Delhi NCR. We may also try and see if the same model can be 
operated in maybe a Tier 2 town in North. Those are some of the things we will try. 
But Sovaaka is one center, and there is no plan to add centres in the next financial 
year. Next financial year is more about building that centre up and being very sure 
about the expansion plan after that. 
Abdulkader Puranwala: Very clear sir, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Hi, good afternoon. Congrats on a good set of numbers. First, question on the Middle 
East war and the raw material price inflation. Do these things have any impact on 
our operations in terms of availability or cost of reagents, etcetera? 
Ved Goel: 
Bino, as of now, no, because we are, obviously, we have ample sufficient inventory 
for the next 3-4 months, and we have long-term contracts as well. Having said that, 
I cannot comment, I mean, what happen after 3-4 months. If this war continues, 
obviously, there will be some impact may come on our supply chain. I mean, because 
we import most of our reagents and consumables also, there are linkages with oil 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
and all that stuff. But as of now, we are able to maintain. But yes, in future, I do not 
have visibility right now. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Got it. Now just a couple of bookkeeping questions. One, this entity we have 
acquired, does that have just one lab or is it a few more labs? 
Ved Goel: 
No. See this Shahbazkers is one lab. It is a single lab. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Okay. And the tax rate consolidated tax rate for the year is a bit lower than previous 
years. So, this 21%-22% you are looking at or will it swing back to 25% tax rate? 
Ved Goel: 
No. Tax rate is similar because as I explained in my opening remarks, last year, we 
got some additional benefit due to Suburban liquidation. And that is why Rs. 41 crore 
was the exceptional benefit, which was there last year, but tax rates are same. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
The current year's rate will stay for next year as well because the current year is a 
little below 25%, 23% range.  
Ved Goel: 
Yes. It is in the same range, which is around 25%. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank You. Your next question comes from the line of Rajat Baldewa from Kizuna 
Wealth. Please go ahead.  
Rajat Baldewa:  
Hi sir, thank you for giving me the opportunity, my first question is on the acquisition 
side which you have acquired Shahbazkers Diagnostic Centre for upto Rs. 20 crore, 
about 3.3x FY26 revenue of Rs. 6.11 crore.  
Given that Mumbai's crowded lab market, like Metropolis, ID Labs, and there are 
many phenomenon labs, what was the competitive intensity there? And is this a 
mainly 2 holed acquisition or the first of multiple bolt-ons in Maharashtra? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think like I was explaining to one of the questions earlier, so within Mumbai, there 
is a micro market where we do not have a presence either through the Suburban 
brand or through Lal Path Labs. This acquisition kind of fills that gap for us and every 
large market has a lot of opportunity. And not only is the opportunity because of there 
will be large labs present, but there are a lot of unorganized labs also in those 
markets, plus the overall demand in these markets are also growing. 
The opportunity for growth is available in these markets, and we definitely want to 
participate and grow our business in Mumbai city as well. And that is really the 
rationale behind the acquisition. 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Rajat Baldewa:  
Great sir, and sir, is there any plan on radiology side given that 3-4 year growth plan 
particularly on radiology? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Our plan is a very slow and calibrated as of now on radiology because we are still 
working on that how we will be able to replicate one center success to more, and we 
need to work that out on a very organic basis. It will be very slow and calibrated. We 
have not set any ambitious targets for us on radiology growth in the next 4-5 years, 
the way you are suggesting. 
Rajat Baldewa:  
Okay, great. Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hrishikesh Patole from Tokai 
Investors. Please go ahead. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Hi. Good evening. Could you please share how you are prioritizing your investments 
in new labs v/s the old collection centers? And also, what kind of ROI thresholds and 
the payback periods that you typically look at when you are trying to expand in these? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I did not get your question. Investment in lab v/s collection center, what was the 
question? 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Okay. Let me step back. Let us talk about capex, right? You talked about how your 
there is maintenance capex and growth capex. Could you please elaborate on your 
growth capex, how you are going to spend it? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think Ved talked about it. So, there are new satellite labs that we are going to open 
up, right? Then there is maybe a few high-end radiology setups that we will do. Plus, 
we have acquired an asset to set up a precision diagnostic lab, which has kind of 
high-end complex testing and those kind of machines, equipment, etcetera, will be 
there. All of these are part of our capex plan for next year. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Once again. Our next question comes from the line of Prakash Kapadia 
from Kapadia Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia:  
Thanks for the opportunity. Congrats to the team, after a long time, we have seen 
growth being broad-based across most of our geographies on an annual basis. The 
good sign is Delhi NCR has really done well this year. So that is good. If you could 
give some insights, is it focusing on existing customers, some quicker turnaround, 
high-end test? What is leading to Delhi NCR growth? And if I look at the quarter 
growth has finally come above 15%. Now channel check suggests it is lesser 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
competitive intensity across the board. There are selective price hikes in some of the 
packages, which is also leading to this growth? 
You mentioned in your remarks, Shankha, you are pretty confident of growth being 
mid-teens. We should expect higher growth in Suburban and some of the other 
geographies, which has just started to continue, which will give us steady state 14%- 
15% growth in the coming quarters. Is that the aspiration we are working? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Thank you, Prakash, for the question. I think, firstly, on Delhi NCR, I think it is a lot 
to do with maybe all the things that you said because we have got a very strong 
brand equity and presence. We have just tried to activate all our channels, including 
our own infrastructure, our partners as well as improved our service levels. 
I think I had mentioned in one of the previous calls, we have also added a few testing 
locations in Delhi NCR to improve the turnaround time. And a lot of work is happening 
on the specialized portfolio as well. It is an all-around effort, which is carrying on. 
And then we are seeing results and that is how Delhi NCR growth at double digits is 
getting sustained. 
Going to the other question about guidance for next year. When we say early to mid-
teens, I am talking of a range it could be between 13%-15%, and basically, annually, 
we have already seen that we have been able to deliver 12-12.2 and one quarter, 
which is quite good, the last quarter. But like I said, one quarter is not the way we 
kind of judge the business. But there are a few things which are working for us. Our 
lab and network expansion that we have been able to deliver, that is going to 
cumulate each year as we move forward, that cumulative benefit will flow through. 
Our Delhi NCR growth is sustained and we also are seeing Suburban business now 
picking up in terms of growth rates. All of these are going to be contributing and 
helping us add a few percentage points to our growth rate. 
Prakash Kapadia:  
Great. And Suburban, any sense if you could give, is it going to be package driven? 
Is it going to be individual price driven? And when we talk of the overall 28% revenue 
coming from packages, is Suburban also included in this? Or it is just the Swasthfit 
of Dr. Lal, which comes under this in terms of the contributions? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
No. Even Suburban packages are included in that. 
Prakash Kapadia:  
Okay. Suburban also has some of these packages, and that is a decent portion of 
Suburban revenues. Is that right understanding? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, it is a decent portion of Suburban revenues as well. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Prakash Kapadia:  
Okay. Fine. Thank you. All the best. I will rejoin back if I have more questions. Thank 
you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aniket Shinde from SMIFS. 
Please go ahead.  
Aniket Shinde:  
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I guess, in starting, you mentioned the acquisition 
cost of Shahbazkers, Can you please repeat that? 
Ved Goel: 
Total deal size is about Rs. 20 crore for this asset. 
Aniket Shinde: 
Okay. And what would be the overall capex for FY27 and FY28? 
Ved Goel: 
So as I said, Rs. 100 crore - Rs. 120 crore for next year. 
Aniket Shinde: 
Okay. Yes, that is it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rishi Mody from RDM Advisory 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Mody:  
Shankha, just wanted to get your understanding on Suburban. You mentioned that 
a large part of the growth contributor has been Suburban. I understand one would 
be that operations normalized after that software update that you all were talking 
about. There would be a portion of lost revenue, which is still normal. But beyond 
that also, is there growth which has come from either market share gains or like what 
has led to that, if there is significant growth from that piece as well? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes. I do not think I mentioned it is a significant growth from Suburban. I think what 
I was saying is that the growth has been very broad-based and which includes 
Suburban business had not been really doing very well for 1 or 2 - about 3-odd 
quarters. I think that is something which we are now seeing in the last quarter coming 
back. And therefore, that momentum we will be able to carry forward into our next 
year business as well. 
Rishi Mody:  
All right. So could you just help me with the numbers for Suburban revenue like this 
quarter v/s Q3 and say, last year Q4? So I just get an idea of what runway to expect 
for FY27 on Suburban? 
Ved Goel: 
Rishi, we are not now reporting separately these numbers. These are all part of our 
West number, which has been given in the split, geographical split because now 
Suburban is no more a separate entity. It is merged with main parent company. 
Rishi Mody:  
Okay. All right. I will pick it up from the Western region numbers. All right. Thank you. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rahul Salvi from Franklin 
Templeton. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Salvi:  
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I had a question on improvement in volumes, if any, 
are we seeing because of the GLP-1 launch in the last 40 days. is there any patient 
volume accretion happening on that front? And which are the tests basically which 
these patients are choosing? Any insights on that will be helpful. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The patient volume growth to a certain extent is also a factor of the improved 
collection network and the lab network that has been put into place. It is definitely 
not driven through GLP and like I said that this is just one quarter performance 
because there are sometimes the base numbers can be slightly different in different 
quarters. 
The best way to look at the patient volume growth is at an annualized level, which is 
better than last year. And we believe that going forward, we should be able to do 
slightly better on the patient volume number as well in the next financial year. 
Rahul Salvi:  
But as I understand, you will not attribute the FY27 growth even to a slightest extent 
to patients who are opting for GLP and the doctors prescribing them those tests, 
right? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I would not ascribe any differential impact due to GLP. 
Rahul Salvi: 
Thank you. That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Gaurav Tinani from Ambit Capital. 
Gaurav Tinani: 
Hi, good evening, and thank you. Question is on the incorporation of the subsidiary 
in Dubai, UAE. Can you share what are your plans from a business build-out in these 
geographies? And what percentage of capital or capex of Rs. 120 crore, if any, is 
allocated to this geography as well in FY27? 
Ved Goel: 
Yes. Thanks, Gaurav, for asking this. As I mentioned on the last call as well that we 
are making inroad to our international expansion. It is not something immediate, but 
over a period of, let us suppose, next 3-5 years, we are looking to expand a few of 
the geographies. 
Right now, we have on-ground presence in Nepal and Bangladesh. But we are 
looking some of the new geography on ground operations, including Middle East. 
This incorporation is in line with that expansion plan. 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Gaurav Tinani: 
You have significant cash on balance sheet. Would inorganic opportunities be also 
explored in the Middle East or Dubai, UAE markets over the next 2-3 years, you 
would be open to that? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Right now, I think the idea is to incorporate a holding company kind of or a company 
in Dubai, which can also maybe operate as a holding company for the region. Now 
in terms of our expansion plan, M&A opportunity can also be evaluated. That is 
always on the cards. But yes, I think both organic and inorganic can be looked at. 
Gaurav Tinani: 
Got it. Some accounting questions. I think you have kind of reallocated some costs 
from these collection centres or employee to other expenses this quarter. What was 
the primary reason for that? 
Ved Goel: 
This cost was in the nature of courier and transportation costs, which was grouped 
under employee benefit, which has been regrouped as per the nature of the 
expenses. This is the cost which has been regrouped from employee benefit to other 
expenses. 
Gaurav Tinani: 
If you look at the reclassified employee expense for Q4, we are seeing a jump of 
almost 19%. Is that some part allocated to the division in the labour code and 
restructuring of the compensation structures? 
Ved Goel: 
Yes. Regrouping is nothing to do with this new labour code. But having said that, as 
I mentioned, Rs. 30 crore is the additional cost, which is reflected in this year on 
account of new labour code. 
Gaurav Tinani: 
That was in Q3. If I just look at employee expenses in Q4 this year, which was close 
to Rs. 129 crore v/s Rs. 108 crore in Q4 last year. So that is almost a growth of 19%? 
Ved Goel: 
This is because, as we mentioned that we have added infra, which is 14 labs and 
this is more towards the end of Q3 and Q4 mostly. And plus, we have started 
operations in Sovaaka. So those are the expenses which is also factored in here in 
Q4. 
Gaurav Tinani: 
Sorry, last question, just the previous colleague or peer also asked this. This quarter, 
tax expense or tax rate is closer to 17%. Any benefit that we realized this quarter on 
the effective tax rate? 
Ved Goel: 
There is a reversal of deferred tax in this quarter on account of some income tax 
assessment has been done, we got the refund and accordingly, we have reversed. 
But as I mentioned, tax rate is same, which is around 25%, nothing changing. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Gaurav Tinani: 
Thank you. All the best. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Hafeez Patel from ASK 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 
Hafeez Patel:  
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question is around the ongoing 
transition of Suburban collection sales from in-house to a franchisee-led model. To 
what extent has that been completed? And secondly, in terms of the EBITDA margin 
profile of Suburban, I think the last quarter figure was somewhere around the high 
teens range. Is that kind of improving towards the upward trajectory and kind of 
reaching the company level margins? Or is there further scope of improvement 
there? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
On the collection network, now I think the transitions that were to be made have 
mostly been done. Now the Suburban expansion is also happening mostly through 
a franchised setup. However, there will be certain geographies where there will be 
company-owned collection network also that we will consider. 
But primarily, that whole transition towards having more centers to franchisees is 
already kind of underway and mostly done, so that is one. I think on the margin, 
maybe Ved can answer. 
Ved Goel: 
On margins, as I mentioned, we are not tracking separately because this is no more 
separate entity. But margins, obviously, for different geography, different margin 
structure, even let us suppose, West as a whole, if we compare Delhi NCR v/s West, 
obviously, margins are different. But in spite of that, we are looking the margins on 
an overall basis as a company is in between of whatever 27%-28% margin. 
Hafeez Patel:  
Understood sir. So just a small clarification there. I mean, while you may not disclose 
the specific number there, but the margins that you kind of have on the West 
geography, has Suburban reached up to that scale? Or is there further scope for 
improvement? If you could just guide on that? 
Ved Goel: 
No. As I said, I mean, margins for West, including Suburban, there are still rooms to 
improve because, obviously, it is not a onetime activity. It is an ongoing where we 
continuously have some levers where we can optimize our cost. And that is why 
improvement in margins for a few geographies are possible. 
Hafeez Patel: 
Understood sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Classification: Internal
Ved Goel: 
Thank you all for your participation today and for your continued trust in our vision. 
We trust we have addressed all your questions comprehensively. If you require 
further clarification or have additional queries, please do not hesitate to reach out to 
us. We look forward to engaging with you again next quarter. Thank you once again 
and have a good evening. Thank you. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
