KDDL Limited 
Kamla Centre, SCO 88-89, Sector 8-C, Chandigarh - 160 009, INDIA. Tel: +91 172 2548223/24, 2544378/79 
Fax: +91 172 2548302; Website:www.kddl.com ; CIN-L33302HP1981PLC008123 
Ref: KDDL/CS/2026-27/08 
  Date: 26th May, 2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  Bandra,  
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
Trading Symbol  : KDDL 
Scrip Code : 532054 
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
With reference to captioned subject, we are enclosing herewith transcript of Earnings Call held on Wednesday, 20th 
May, 2026 to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for Q4 FY26 
Kindly take the same on record. 
For KDDL Limited  
Brahm Prakash Kumar 
Company Secretary  
Brahm Prakash Kumar
Digitally signed by Brahm Prakash 
Kumar 
Date: 2026.05.26 22:13:29 +05'30'

 
 
“KDDL Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and the Company website on 21st May 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. YASHOVARDHAN SABOO – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – KDDL LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV MASOWN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – KDDL LIMITED 
 
MR. PRANAV SABOO – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ETHOS LIMITED
 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to KDDL Limited Q4 and FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. This conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. 
 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance, and involve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Should any restrictions during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo, Chairman and Managing Director 
of KDDL Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone.  Thanks again for joining us on the KDDL Limited Q4 
and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. I hope you've had the opportunity to review our financial 
results and investor presentation recently posted on the company's website and stock exchanges. 
I'm joined today by our CFO and Executive Director, Mr. Sanjeev Masown; and SGA, our 
Investor Relations Advisors. I'm especially pleased that today Mr. Pranav Saboo, Managing 
Director and CEO of Ethos, is also with us. 
Last year, after the end of FY25, which had seen a major correction over the previous year, we 
had promised you of a recovery in FY26. I'm very glad that despite the challenging business 
environment, we have done even better than expected with very good results, which I'm sure 
you have noted. It is in our nature in our DNA to be cautious in our promises, but aggressive 
enough performance. We've always been happy to deliver better-than-expected results. 
As is known to all of us, the global economic environment during FY26 remained uncertain and 
volatile, and this is continuing even now. The global watch industry also operated in a 
challenging environment during the year, weak consumer demand in key luxury markets, 
particularly China and certain parts of Europe, continue to weigh on industry growth, while 
global brands remained cautious inventory planning and procurement decisions amid uncertain 
macroeconomic conditions. 
Despite these near-term challenges, and I say they're near term because I'm very hopeful that 
things will change, we remain very confident about the outlook of our businesses. Global 
customers are increasingly prioritizing supply chain diversification, reliability, consistent quality 
standards and long-term strategic partnerships. This creates meaningful opportunities for 
companies like us with strong manufacturing capabilities, execution track record and trusted 
customer relationships. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
At the same time, the domestic market environment in India continues to remain encouraging. 
Rising premiumization, increasing localisation opportunities, strengthening manufacturing 
ecosystem and healthy consumer demand are supporting growth across multiple segments. 
About the watch components business, which is dials, hands and bracelets. Despite the difficulty 
in the international watch scenario, our watch component business, dials and hands, forged a 
recovery during the second half of FY26 after a quiet first half. 
Even though Swiss watches continue to face headwinds in several markets, we expect H1 FY27, 
that is this year, to remain relatively stable for the export-oriented business, with growth being 
more visible during the second half of the year. We expect the domestic business to continue to 
remain robust, supported by healthy demand trends and increasing localization opportunities 
within India, which will show up in our growth numbers. 
Our continuing growth in a subdued market speaks volumes for the strength of our performance 
and our capabilities. Over the last few quarters, we have intensified our customer diversification 
efforts beyond Switzerland. These customers operate at different price points compared to 
traditional Swiss luxury brands and represent a very good medium- to long-term potential for 
us. We believe the benefits from these efforts will become increasingly visible over the coming 
years. 
The Bracelet division continues to deliver strong performance, driven by its export business, 
with deliveries being executed in line with the planned volumes. Bracelets are not covered under 
the Swissness criteria for Swiss watches, and this provides an advantage to manufacturing of our 
bracelets in India in the long run. 
Based on current visibility, we expect the Bracelets business to continue delivering good revenue 
growth in this financial year and the next financial year, though margins may be moderated in 
the near term due to lower price points of newer customers, which are fueling growth. 
Now to Eigen, the Precision Engineering division. FY26 has been an extremely successful year 
for the Precision Engineering business. Revenue grew by more than 35% year-on-year to around 
INR200 crores, supported by strong momentum across export markets and increasing customer 
confidence. We remain highly optimistic about the medium and long-term prospects of this 
business. 
Export markets will continue to remain the primary focus area for high growth potential. Our 
strategy remains to deepen relationships with existing customers, adding new customers and 
expanding our capabilities selectively. We are undertaking further expansion in this division, 
with backward integration and process enhancement together with some capacity additions. 
About the Packaging division, Ornapac, here also, we witnessed encouraging progress during 
FY26, with revenue growth growing by over 35% year-on-year. The growth in this business is 
primarily focused on the domestic needs of international brands, although we expect business to 
grow in all the segments that we are in. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
Supplies to customers, international brands who are sourcing our packaging for the domestic 
market and the Indian market have already commenced, and the initial response has been very 
encouraging. While the business currently is showing a loss at its ramp-up stage, we expect the 
division to become profitable during the second half of the current financial year. 
A few words about Ethos. As you know, Ethos declared its results a week ago, and they have 
been in the public domain. So I'm sure those of you who are interested will have gone through 
the numbers there. As I mentioned, we have Mr. Pranav Saboo, Managing Director and CEO, 
on this call, and I'm sure he would be pleased to take any questions that you may have with 
regard to Ethos. 
I would like to add my comments that Ethos have done extremely well in FY26, once again after 
a record performance this year. And I'm sure this year, with strong growth in number of stores, 
sales profit and visibility. 
Finally, about Silvercity Brands. As you know, this is a company in Switzerland that owns and 
operates the Favre-Leuba brand. I'm sure many of you have already seen the amazing market 
success of Favre-Leuba watches internationally, and the amazing stories of satisfied customers, 
including some top sellers who have chosen Favre-Leuba watches for their use and their 
collections. 
During at the end of the year, Favre-Leuba was already present in over 20 countries, with more 
than 80 points of sales. Sales is much better than expected in the last fiscal, and most stores are 
actually short of stock, while we are ramping up production, but this takes time and effort to 
maintain the quality and the amazing watch pieces that are produced. 
We expect to more than double the sales in FY27 and greatly expand our global footprint with 
exciting new product launches. All of this has been possible, only due to the outstanding and 
unique vision of the brand guardian, including Pranav and including Patrik Hoffmann, the CEO 
and Chairman of Silvercity Brands. 
Our medium- and long-term vision for the brand remains very ambitious, and we hope that you 
will continue to enjoy the success stories and numbers from this brand in the quarters and years 
to come. 
From an overall capital allocation perspective, we have planned capex of approximately INR50 
crores across businesses during FY27. This includes both maintenance capex and growth-
oriented investments aimed at strengthening capabilities, improving efficiencies and supporting 
long-term expansion opportunities across our businesses. 
With this, I would now like to request Mr. Sanjeev Masown to take you through the financial 
performance of the company. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Thank you, Mr. Saboo. Good afternoon, everyone. Now let me take you through the company's 
financial performance. Initially, I'll be sharing the standalone financial performance. Total 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
income for Q4FY26 stood at INR145.3 crores, and it grew by almost 42% Y-o-Y over the last 
year same period. And for the full year, the revenue was INR506 crores, and which grew by 
almost 31.9%. When I say INR506 crores, it includes only the operational income t and not the 
non-operational income.. 
EBITDA for the Q4FY26 was at INR36.4 crores, and it grew by 87.6% Y-o-Y. While for the 
full year FY26, the EBITDA was INR116.9 crores, representing a growth of 32.2% Y-o-Y. 
EBITDA margin for Q4FY26 was ever highest at 25.1%, and for the full year, EBITDA is 
23.1%. PAT for Q4FY26 stood at INR19.8 crores, with a PAT margin of 13.6%. And for the 
full year FY26, PAT stood at INR76.6 crores with a margin of 15.1%. During the year, the 
company invested approximately INR34 crores for the capex in the various divisions. 
And now coming to the consolidated financial performance. Total income for the  Q4FY26was 
at almost INR585 crores, and it grew by almost 35.6% Y-o-Y. And for the full year FY26, the 
revenue was INR2,207.8 crores, and it grew by almost 30.3%. EBITDA for the  Q4FY26stood 
at INR95 crores, growing by 25.2% Y-o-Y. While for the full year, EBITDA was at INR363 
crores, representing 18.3% growth over the previous year. 
EBITDA margins for  Q4FY26 at a consolidated level was 16.3% and for the full year, almost 
at a similar level of 16.4%. PAT for Q4FY26 was at INR34.5 crores with a PAT margin of 5.9%. 
And for the full year, PAT was at INR135.2 crores with a margin of 6.1%. 
Now when we exclude Ethos in the consolidated financial results, the watch component business 
in the manufacturing reported revenue of almost INR240 crores as compared to INR200 crores 
in the previous year. So registering a growth of almost 20% Y-o-Y. 
In the Precision Engineering business, the revenue during the year is INR200 crores compared 
to the previous year revenue of INR147 crores, reflecting a growth of 35% plus Y-o-Y. Ornapac, 
where the base is much lower, the last year revenue was around INR17 crores and during the 
current year, we reported INR23 crores, representing a growth of almost 37%. And with this, 
now, I open the floor for the questions and answers. You are free to ask the questions which you 
feel are relevant. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, the bracelet is a part of the watch component in that INR240 crores or should have a number 
separately? 
Sanjeev Masson: 
No, the bracelet is separate. Not a part of the INR240 crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. So, can you give the bracelet's revenue? 
Sanjeev Masson: 
Around INR40 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. The other question is on the two capacities that you've put, one is for packaging and the 
other for bracelet, what kind of peak revenue is possible from those capacities? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Sorry, what do you mean by peak revenue? Pritesh, why don't you ask all your questions at one 
go so we can tackle them all? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
No problem, sir. So, my second question is on the peak utilization of these 2 capacities of 2 
businesses, bracelets and packaging, what can be the revenue on peak utilization? My other 
question is if you could share the outlook on the growth in precision components, what kind of 
visibility or backlog or growth that you see in precision, is the other question, sir. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. So it's a little bit hard for us to sort of define what is the peak utilization because both 
capabilities and capacity in our kind of businesses, they expand incrementally. When a capability 
expands our capacity in terms of value also expands. So let us say I added 1 machine today. It 
gives me a new capability to make a slightly higher value bracelet or a different type of bracelet, 
which also adds to the value. 
So it's hard to say that  and add to that the fact that we are continuing to do the capex required 
for our better capability and quality and capacity enhancement, as I told you, both in packaging 
as well as in bracelets. So, it's hard to speak about what can be the turnover at peak utilization. I 
think what is important is to speak about what we expect the turnover or revenue to be from 
these businesses in the current year. And this brings me also to your second point as to how do 
we see the outlook for the Precision Engineering business -- for both the businesses. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, you may want to give then the outlook for all the 3 Precision, Packaging and Bracelet, sir? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So for Bracelets and for Precision Engineering, we believe medium term to long term, we find 
it hard to predict as to what's going to happen in 1 quarter or 2 quarters. But in the medium and 
long term, both these businesses we believe they will grow at about 25% CAGR. The watch 
component business will probably grow a little bit less than that. But again, a lot depends on 
how the macroeconomic environment changes. It could well grow faster as well. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So just clarifying, 25% is for Precision, Packaging and Bracelets, all, right? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Any color on the margins based on the product mix or any changes on the gross margin 
when one segment vis-a-vis the other? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
It's very hard to say that. In today's environment, it's extremely hard to say that Pritesh, as you 
will know. We are facing very challenging environments in markets with our customers and so 
on. If we need to compromise margin a bit for strategically gaining market share and gaining 
new markets, we've always used that tool in our strategy kit. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
We try to protect margins, but we also protect the growth of our business. So it's hard to predict 
which way it's going to go. You have seen the margins have remained stable. What we can say 
is that we do not expect any great change in the margin picture over this year. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So last 2, what's the size of Favre-Leuba brand now? And these capexes that you put every year, 
usually at what asset turn these capexes are put? And these are my last 2. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I'm not sure if we would like to share those numbers with you right now. Those are confidential 
numbers. But as I said, Favre-Leuba is doing excellently well. The results have been better than 
expected. We are selling more quantity than we expected. Stores have less than the stock they 
need, and we are doing everything possible to ramp up the supplies. 
 
It takes a little bit time to ramp up with this quality and the kind of components that we use. But 
yes, We will see a very strong growth in numbers as well as the footprint of the brand globally. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
An asset turn of the capex is -- annual capex that you do, let's say, this year, you said INR50 
crores. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
That's not a number that we can share, unfortunately, Pritesh. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
okay, sir. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Kunal your line has been unmuted. Please go ahead with the question. 
Kunal: 
Yes. Hi. Very good afternoon sir and congratulations on amazing set of numbers. I have three 
questions. One, the first one is how much has been the volume growth versus value growth in 
this quarter –and also in the full year for the standalone division? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Which business are you talking about? 
Kunal: 
The standalone business, which includes the watch component and Eigen. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. 
Kunal: 
Yes. The second question is the capex, INR50 crores, is for watch component, Eigen and Favre-
Leuba, everything included? Or it's just for the standalone business that is watch component and 
Eigen and all of that. 
And the third question is, in the bracelet division, which currently is about INR40 crores, how 
do we plan to grow at 25%. Currently, we have been doing steel bracelet. Are you going to 
diversify from steel to other materials also? Or is it going to be only steel bracelet? These are 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
my three questions. And one more, on the EBITDA margin as well, if you can throw some light 
on that. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So Kunal, first of all, volume in the manufacturing business is something that we actually don't 
really combine and take it up, because these businesses make a very diverse range of products. 
Hands are produced in millions, boxes are produced in thousands, dials are produced in lakhs... 
Kunal: 
Sir, I am not asking the unit, I am asking in terms of percentage, how much has been so  
 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I'm saying that because the volumes are so disparate, it doesn't make sense for us to combine 
them. Because today, we are making small quantity of very expensive products and it means 
more to larger quantities. So quantity is not something that we count really. 
Maybe individual businesses at an operational level they may be doing, but on a financial level, 
we don't really sum up the volumes. So I'm not sure I can answer that question meaningfully at 
any time. 
As far as the capex is concerned, the INR50 crores that I mentioned is in the standalone business. 
In our businesses, it includes bracelet, it includes watch components, it includes the precision 
engineering as well as packaging. So it's across that. It does not include investments made by 
subsidiary companies such as investment in brands, Favre-Leuba and so on. 
And bracelets, –80% of the metal bracelets in the world are steel, right? So, while we are not 
ruling out going into other metals, but right now, there is a huge scope in development of steel 
bracelets. And there is a global need for that. and we are experiencing that need. So that's why 
we believe that a 20% to 25% growth in the bracelet division is quite evenly possible. 
Kunal: 
Okay. And sir, any new customers outside Switzerland, can you give some flavor on which 
geographies are we targeting? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
first of all, I want to say that Switzerland is still by far, the largest in terms of value. 
Kunal: 
Correct. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So, it's like -- I don't want to give the impression that other countries are out there taking major 
market shares. But there are other countries where watch making is developing. And some of 
these countries, watchmaking was already there in the past, and it is seeing a revival. Germany 
has always been a strong sort of traditions of watchmaking, so it is reviving in Germany, reviving 
in France, what is a little known is that, watchmaking in the world actually originated in U.K. 
And U.K. is seeing a strong revival in watchmaking. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
The U.S., which has some very well-known brands in the past, is seeing a revival. And of course, 
for us, we have not been present in the Japanese market. Everyone knows Japan's strength in 
watches. So we are seeing that also as a potential future market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Kanish Gupta from SM Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 
Kanish Gupta: 
Yes. It’s great to speak with you. My first question would be to Mr. Pranav. As post-IPO 
commentary in the conference call, He said about, 10x revenue in the next 10 years and I would 
like to hear on brief about that. And second question would be how do you think about 
onboarding ultra-high horology brands like Patek… 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Sorry, ultra-high, sir your voice is echoing. 
Kanish Gupta: 
Yes. I'm asking about onboarding ultra-high horology brands like Patek and AEP, given their 
preference for mono-brand retail? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay, any other questions, Ganesh? 
Kanish Gupta: 
No, sir, those were the 2 questions. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. Great. Pranav, would you like to answer them? 
Pranav Saboo: 
As I had mentioned that we are at the time that we listed the company, we had mentioned our 
goal of growing 10x in 10 years. And I think that we are ahead of that vision, that requires us to 
give a 25.9% or 26% CAGR. 
I think we've been delivering that through the good and the bad times, and I don't think that our 
vision has changed. I'm committed to delivering that vision. And I feel very confident that our 
teams have the resources, the partnerships and the energy to be able to deliver that vision on 
time. 
We have crossed 100 boutiques this year. And I do believe that if things go well, we should be 
doubling our network of boutiques in the next 3 years. And we are executing as per our vision 
of the 10x in 10 years, given at the time of listing of the company. 
Talking about ultra-high-end brands, our vision is to serve the Indian customers through 
whatever means or whatever routes or formats that serve the customer and the brand the best. 
Our job is to be able to create stakeholder value for everybody. 
If a brand feels most comfortable in a mono-brand environment, which is an environment that 
is exclusive to them, then we will deliver on that as well. In our network, we have a lot of brands 
that have mono-brand boutiques, and we performed very well with them. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
At the same time, we want to ensure that our business is not built on only upon supply-
constrained brand. And we want to make sure that in our vision, supply doesn't become a 
constraining factor for our growth. 
However, we have respect for all these brands that want to come in, and we believe that we will 
be able to represent many of them to the best of our ability and really be able to set benchmarks 
around the world. 
Kanish Gupta: 
Sir, many congratulations on the century of boutiques, you hit with Ethos. And I want to know 
anything about the connection with Audemars and Patek particularly growing... 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you, Ganesh. Maybe you can come back later? 
Pranav Saboo: 
Sir, I will not be able to answer in particular brand-wise connection. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Sonthaliya from Edelweiss Public 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Yes. So my questions are regarding KDDL majorly. So first of all, can you help me with a 
standalone revenue and EBITDA for Q4 and full year, adjusted for currency movements and 
impact of currency? 
Second, I want to understand like our ambition or our goal of 25% CAGR in Eigen, can you give 
us some color about how we are aiming to do that by adding more customers or getting more 
wallet share of the customer or something else? 
Third, a follow-up on the dials business, like in the PPT, you have given a growth number. And 
also, like we are saying if the headwinds on the industry from China and some other markets 
revised, we can have a better growth. So this 11%- 12% growth I want to understand, is it 
including that headwinds or if those headwinds go away, where can this growth can go? 
And last on Favre-Leuba, like you said, we are expecting to double our sales. So can you give 
us some quantitative numbers like the new watches, which we sold on new plus old, and how 
much we are envisaging for next year in volume terms, if you can help me for that. Thanks. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So I'm going to let our CFO, answer about currency. I'm not sure if that's a number that we can 
easily share. But Eigen, actually, the answer is very simple. All of the things you mentioned, all 
of them, deepening and as I mentioned this in my short address as well, deepening existing 
customer relationships, new customers and new products and capabilities. 
So the growth has come from these steps, and it will continue to come from this step. I want to 
point out that actually, our market share in the business of precision stamping is extremely small. 
So there's a huge headroom for growth. And so I believe all the 3 avenues will be used for the 
growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
As far as dials is concerned, it's not only that. I mean, I always talk about dials and the watch 
components in general. And yes, if the environment in the global markets for expensive watches 
for our export the brand that we exposed to, if that improves, then we expect that the growth can 
go higher than 11% or 12%. 
As far as Favre-Leuba is concerned, I'm not sure if we can share exact numbers, but as I told 
you, we have sold more than what we were projecting. And we expect to double the sales in the 
in this financial year.  
Sanjeev Masown: 
What is actually the third question regarding the currency? I have not understood. What do you 
mean? 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
So, I wanted to understand, adjusted for any gains or losses for currency, what is our revenue 
growth and EBITDA margin? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
We do not calculate adjusted with the currency, especially at a console level, broadly, it gets 
even netted out because in KDDL, where the exports are there, we stand to gain. And in Ethos 
where main imports are there is a forex loss, so at the console level it gets netted off.  
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Yes. Sorry. So, my question was more on standalone, like we have seen a huge jump in EBITDA 
margin. And my understanding is some part of it is because of currency  
Sanjeev Masown: 
Yes. That has nothing to do only with this  exclusively with this quarter. So over the full year,  
currency movements have been there. And  we  are mainly exporting to  Switzerland and the 
CHF being a strong currency, we do stand to gain. 
But I think going forward also it is expected to remain at similar levels or the strong level. And 
it's difficult to quantify that over INR1 or Swiss franc leading to how much of my EBITDA 
margin. 
Yash Sonthaliya: 
Yes. Got it. Got it. Thank you. Thanks for answering all my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ajay Suriya from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Suriya: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my questions are primarily on the Precision Engineering 
business. Sir, we were to come up with the new capex in Bangalore, so wanted to ask it has that 
commission or will the commission in Q1? 
And also the new capex, which we are talking about, if we can give the breakup line, is that to 
be more on the Precision Engineering business or on the Phase 2 of bracelet division which we 
were to maybe lower sometime after the success of our first phase, one. 
Also, sir, second question is on the bracelet division, you mentioned that current revenue for this 
year is, I guess, if I heard it right, around INR40 crores, so maybe if you can help us understand 
the utilization level for bracelet division at this moment? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
And how are we expecting that utilization to ramp up going forward? And on the customer front 
for the bracelet division, I guess it was just one customer who was driving this segment. So as 
we are winning any new customers or any progress on that, that will be a big help sir. Sir, third 
question is again the Precision Engineering… 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So Ajay there are -- Ajay sorry, there are a lot of participants waiting. So maybe you can limit 
your questions to 2, please, and come back later. 
Ajay Suriya: 
Sir, just last one if I can squeeze in. Sir, just on the Precision Engineering, I mean, majority of 
the revenue has been driven by a global OEM for which we were supplying the Busbar products. 
So wanted to understand like is that like we are putting up this capex bagged by the orders maybe 
or confirm visibility from the OEMs or we have one new customer also on that, so maybe on 
that, if you can just add something. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So let me answer your questions on the bracelets. We are adding new customers. Capacity 
utilization on the capacity that was existing was about 75% to 80% this year. As I told you, we 
are continuously adding capacity, and it doesn't happen with one big jump. We are incrementally 
adding capability and capacity, all of which leads to our revenue growth. 
So this will go up this year. And it will go up not only due to that, but also due to the addition 
of new customers. As far as Eigen is concerned, I will let Sanjeev answer that. And you had one 
question on capex? … 
Ajay Suriya: 
Yes. Yes. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Which also Sanjeev, I think Sanjeev is going to answer. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Yes. Hi Ajay, I think you asked a few questions regarding the capex. 
Ajay Suriya: 
Yes. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Let me tell you, as far as the Eigen capex is concerned, which we started last year that is still 
under progress. Hopefully, in the next 3 to 4 months, its backward integration of some of the 
processes which we are planning to do through this capex will be commissioned, and we will 
start utilizing the facility. 
Going forward, for the next year, when we have shared that approximately INR50 crores is 
planned to be invested in the capex, it is spread over all the businesses. But the major part will 
be for the Precision Engineering and the bracelet. And as we progress and based on the need and 
the development in the market, the investments will be done. 
You also asked about something about the busbar and exports to the customer. So for us, I think 
you need to understand, Eigen as such is not a product selling company. For Eigen, it does not 
matter whether it's a busbar or some other component for some other applications, we continue 
to remain a capability selling company, and we will continue focusing into that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
So there are avenues -- there are opportunities into the different products and to the different 
segments. And that has been our strategy, and that will continue to remain our strategy for the 
going forward approach. So it does not matter whether we are supplying busbar tomorrow, the 
customer changes and something else comes up. We will keep selling our capability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Sir, congratulations on very strong performance across both KDDL Standalone and Ethos as 
well and Ethos, specifically because the team has achieved the key milestone of 100 stores plus 
the format has been sort of delivering a significant growth of outperformance versus the other 
consumer names. 
Just 3 questions from my end, sir, do we have anything significant demand elasticity to inflation 
as we are entering into that phase going into FY27. So based on your historical experience, do 
we have any evidence of maybe some growth impact due to higher inflation?  
Second, on margins, I wanted to check, from a P&L perspective, last year, our store expansion 
was quite aggressive. So that impact of new store additions is already in the P&L now. So can 
we assume that the worst is behind us from a margin perspective, and incrementally from here 
on, we should see margins improving? 
And thirdly, quite a commendable performance on working capital front, there is a sizable 
optimization that has happened in FY26. So I wanted to check if you could highlight a few key 
initiatives as well as whether we can expect a continued improvement on this front going ahead 
of them? So yes, these are my questions. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I'll let Pranav answer the questions on Ethos. As far as demand elasticity is concerned, you are 
talking about price elasticity. if inflation goes up, will demand suffer? We made to  order 
products, right? So they are made specifically for customer-specific needs.  
So it's not really going to be impacted if there is inflation and if some of this has to be passed on 
to the customer, it doesn't usually impact. But in the end, it also depends on how much is the 
overall general inflation, right? If there's overall inflation and uncertainty and demand globally 
let's say, growth globally dips, right, then everyone starts to make corrections in their stocking, 
in their inventory and their purchases. 
So that is a different thing is where the global demand drops. We don't see that impacting us 
right now. Even last year was uncertain and quite heavily impacted year. We all know that. But 
we have seen the growth that has happened. And we believe that if things moderate from here 
on and stabilize, we will be pretty much on track. 
So there is not that much of an issue if there is a little higher inflation on our demand. That's 
what I wanted to say. for the Ethos questions on margin and working capital, Pranav, will you 
take them, please? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Pranav Saboo: 
Thanks for the questions. I think our focus, as you know, right now, will remain upon increasing 
our network because we believe that the opportunity in India is massive. And I believe that no 
one else is better equipped to take on this opportunity and deliver customer excellence as we are. 
Our focus right now is a further acceleration on store openings. Yes, this has been the most 
accelerated development this year. So our costs getting baked in, yes. However, setting 
directionally, for us to be able to double the network in the next 3 years is my goal. Maybe it 
will take 4 years. My goal is to double the network in the next 3 years. 
I do believe from a margin perspective, a little bit depends upon currency fluctuation. I think 
that if currencies stabilize, we are in a good position. And I think it's hard to say whether it's 
bottomed out or it's going to be better, etc.. Our focus is to keep making sure that it becomes 
better. 
I know that if the Swiss franc or when the rupee stabilizes, the full price will be passed on and I 
don't see any impact on volumes type of luxury prices or price of luxury products is priced on. 
It's just that we do it every 6 months. And in luxury, we want to make sure that price, once a 
certain currency has reached a certain stage, we do it after we feel that fundamentally, it's there 
to stay. We don't want to be correcting our prices. So therefore, there's a time gap in it. Once it 
stabilizes, I do believe margins will become better. 
Is there costs that are increasing in making sure our foundational layers are better? Yes, today, 
we want deeper relationships with our brands. For example, we have dedicated brand managers, 
etc. Those are the costs that have come in already. A little bit may come in. 
As I had mentioned earlier in my interactions as well, we're going through this 3-year investment 
cycle, after which, it will start to pay off very, very well. This year, April was a fantastic month, 
in fact, one of our best months in terms of growth. And we are continuing to focus on growth 
over everything else at this point of time. 
In terms of working capital, we are making massive investments into our merchandising team, 
into our processes and into strengthening our relationships much more with our brands so that 
they understand deeply what sells, what doesn't sell in India and to be able to create a product 
specifically for this market. We've gone from nearly 247 days of inventory to 221 days at cost, 
right? It is something that we're going to be focusing on. 
I had announced that we are doing an AI lab, AI lab is an internal thing, to be able to help all 
our departments make better decisions, right, in terms of space, in terms of capability, and our 
biggest focus area will be on furthering better. 
So we do expect that in mature stores, working capital will be looked at much more efficiently 
and will be looked at, at a much more granular level with the team sizes increasing and their 
KPIs being linked to it.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranjal Mukhija from GrowthSphere Ventures 
LLP. Please go ahead. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Sir. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I have a couple of questions. So firstly, on the 
bracelet side, maybe 2 to 2.5 years back, I got an opportunity to visit the plant. So around then, 
we are talking about that the current capacity of bracelets will be close to 70,000-75,000 units 
per year and will incrementally increase it to a much larger number, given the fact that a lot of 
the Chinese players -- I mean, the smaller players are also doing some 300,000 units capacity. 
can you just share some road map on how this capacity will increase here? 
The second question on Eigen basically. Just wanted to understand, like now that we are further 
expanding the capacity here, if you could just provide the capacity before the addition and what 
would be the total capacity post the expansion? 
And secondly, like you mentioned that we're also thinking of backward integrating here. So does 
that mean that you think of entering into forging costing, that kind of a setup? And one question 
on this, I wanted to understand, currently, in Eigen, what kind of metals are we dealing with? 
It's primarily steel or like some other metals also we're dealing with because of the other 
industries like aerospace and global consumer electronic industry and all. So these are my 2 
questions, sir. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So second question. First, I'll just have a go at it. Sanjeev, you can supplement it. Again, it's hard 
to specify or calculate in terms of capacity. I know you want to plug in a number in your model 
over there. But if you remember seeing the Eigen factory or the bracelet factory when you saw 
both of them, there are many different products that are made. And how many products we can 
make really depends on what is the mix of orders that we get. 
We can get orders, 3 orders for 1 million pieces or we can get 20 orders for much smaller 
numbers. So we don't know. So it's -- we don't really calculate quantity in terms of what is the 
changes of production or units of production. We tend to see it in terms of value. And as we 
have said that we expect value to grow at about 25% CAGR.  
As far as the bracelet is concerned, you are right, 75,000 was the approximate kind of capacity. 
As I told you, we are at about 80%. It is true that China have larger plants. Many of the larger 
plants actually make a much lower quality. So that has to be taken into consideration. 
This is a fact across businesses in every industry, the Chinese factories are larger than Indian 
factories, and it's not easy for Indian factories to match the scale of China. I'm not saying 
anything new. That's unfortunately a reality of manufacturing in India. However, our plan is to 
compete with China, not always on price, but on quality and producing and delivering the best 
value. 
Our goal is not really to race with China on producing cheap parts, but to race with the best in 
the world on producing higher quality and delivering high value. So the expansion in bracelet, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
I've already spoken about it earlier, so I'm not going to say that again okay? So, I hope that 
answers your questions, Pranjal. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
On the expansion front, in terms of what is the output  actually, this is just a follow-up, like my 
question was not answered completely. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So as I told you, we tend to look at  it's important that we understand that we look at our in terms 
of value. What is the value of production that we have given. Value I told you will grow by 
about 25%. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Sir, not the sales part. If you could just provide like how much the production area has increased 
or the facility has increased and a little bit on the backward integration, but what exactly what 
are we thinking of doing in backward integration? 
Sanjeev Masown: 
The backward integration is in our  plating process, which we were getting it done outside. Now 
for further ensuring the quality and the consistency as well as the ramp-up of the volumes which 
are happening, we want to bring this process in-house. That's a backward integration of that. 
And you asked about the earlier these revenues with which Saboo has already answered. And 
the capacity in terms of prices –because it is very difficult, we make parts, which are INR0.02 
and we make part, which is INR200. Going forward, the only thing which has to be seen is what 
is the growth possible…. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Sir, in terms of size, if you could quantify, how big is the... 
Sanjeev Masown: 
We cannot quantify. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
Okay. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
And whenever we are visiting next time, we organize a factory visit, you are welcome to come 
there, and we can show you why it is difficult to quantify. It doesn't mean anything. If we were 
to say 5 million components, it doesn't mean anything. 
Pranjal Mukhija: 
All right, sir. I understood. Thank you. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sujal Jhanwar from Opportune Wealth Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sujal Jhanwar: 
Sir, first question is on part of bracelet division, that if you are expanding and increasing the 
capacity, are we like on the bracelet part of division? Increasing the capacity or doing the 
backward integration?  
And my second question is in the part of side like the Precision Engineering that in the part of 
how much capex you are doing for the Precision Engineering and this is for also backward 
integration, am I right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Sanjeev Masown: 
Just a moment.. So I think you have not understood properly. The backward integration is being 
done in the Precision Engineering business, not in the bracelet. 
Sujal Jhanwar: 
Okay. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
So that is the rating process for the Precision Engineering business. As far as the bracelet 
business is concerned, there, we are planning the some capacity increase in line with the market 
requirements. But what more is your specific question regarding the bracelet? 
Sujal Jhanwar: 
So for bracelet, Doing expansion in the bracelet division. So how much increment capacity are 
you building for the bracelet? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Again, you tend to look at it in terms of quantities. We tend to look at it in terms of value and 
capabilities. But if I were to say that, I think we are going to expand from the current or from 
the original level of about 75,000 over the next 12 months to about 110,000 to 120,000. 
Sujal Jhanwar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, one last question on the part of overall revenue, part on the standalone KDDL. 
Is it more of volume growth or realization increment happen on the top line? That is my last 
question. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
It’s the same question with the different shades  of the same  and look for us, we are  always 
concerned about the value growth. Whether it comes through a mix of the segment growth, 
whether it comes through the volume or whether it comes to the average realization, so neither 
we monitor nor we feel that's important to monitor. 
. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Prateek: 
Sir, all my questions are related to Ethos. The first question is performance of new stores, which 
we have opened in the last year, which is around 25. How are they performing in terms of 
payback experience. That is question number one.  
The second is a ASP on FY25 versus FY26 is kind of flat. So how should we think about that?  
And lastly, on CHF cover obviously, look the CHF is now 122 versus  it was 106 when you had 
at Analyst Meet. So how much have you covered for and what's the journey left? 
Pranav Saboo: 
I didn't understand the last question. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
How much of the CHF exposure do we cover? 
Prateek: 
No, no. I think, sir that was not the question, the pricing. So essentially rupee, versus CHF was 
106, now it's like 122. And obviously, we pass this increase in prices gradually. So how much 
have we passed on and how much is left to be passed on, which is hitting our gross margin? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Pranav Saboo: 
Understood. Now, I got it. It's different for different brands, but I'll answer it. So the first question 
was on how's the experience on new stores. It is as per expected line. It is exactly what we 
thought it would be. We are monitoring this  as you go into Tier 2 cities, it takes a little bit 
longer, but then costs are also lower. 
So it is as per expectation. And year one of an accelerated expansion gives us the confidence to 
continue our acceleration. And as I announced that we will be opening many more stores this 
year in the next three years, we are signing on aggressively locations because we are confident 
on how well we are doing with these boutiques 
Is it sometimes a mixed bag? Yes. But is it ever horribly wrong? No. Until now, we have not a 
single decision are we regretting. Some may take a little bit longer than the other. So a store like 
Srinagar may reach its year one goal or its annual running rate of year one. In six months, a city 
like Kanpur has already exceeded it in the first month. So, it's a good mix. None of them do we 
regret. 
The second question was on -- I forgot the second question. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
ASP. 
Pranav Saboo: 
The ASP we are not focusing on ASP increase. That is not our focus. As we go into Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 cities, it is natural that volumes will increase faster because the kind of stocking we do 
over there is different. We were, in the first three years, after the listing, we had taken more 
luxury positions. 
Our luxury expansion will be more calibrated because of the fact that we feel we are the ultra-
luxury, because of the fact that we feel we are well exposed over there orwell entrenched over 
there. It's not that we've covered it. But the growth is on the ultra-ultra luxury where we're talking 
INR50 lakhs- INR1 crores, etc. 
The growth on the price they are where the brands are more in the INR1.5 lakh to INR3.5 lakh, 
to INR4 lakh rupee price point that will be an aggressive rollout over there. And it's into Tier 2 
where it matches better. Tier 2 customers, will they also order a INR1 crores Jacob or INR1 
crores Watch once in a while? Yes, but we don't need to stock that over there. That can come in 
from our main network and we fill in from there. 
We will also be launching a format. We believe that the threat from wearables is over, and that 
allows us a lot of expansion back in a price point between INR25,000 and INR2 lakhs. And that 
will be a new format that we are working on. It's very exciting, and it will further give us growth 
into the future.  
Prateek: 
As this new format is a part of your doubling guidance which you just gave? 
Pranav Saboo: 
It may not a very significant part, but it will be. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Definitely, we are going to be launching this year a new format over there, which is going to be very exciting, very different 
from what we have. But we had earlier believed that 10 years back or 7- 8 years ago when Apple 
Watch had launched, we had decided to go slow in that sector. We believe that threat is over and 
that there is a lot of expansion possibilities over there as well for us. Brands want to work with 
us over there. They are welcoming us over there. We've tied up contracts already. So there's a 
lot happening over there. 
This is to specify on your question on ASP. I think for us, revenue growth and margin is 
important. Again, not so much the average selling price per watch. that's going to be an 
amalgamation. All verticals are essentially growing. Some may grow faster than the other, and 
therefore, you might see dipping over here or there. But you'll see very strong volume growth 
coming in as well. 
Your last question on Swiss franc. I think averagely, there is a room for improvement of 7%,-
8% easily over there right now. We are definitely 7%- 8% below what we need to be right now 
in general. Now it takes time to pass it on for two reasons. One, it is not one brand that is 
deciding. It is 50 brands that is deciding. Everybody looks at the industry.  It is comparative in 
nature, typically happens once in six months. 
And secondly, nobody wants to be raising prices and dropping prices because that erodes 
customer confidence. And at no point of time do I want to erode customer confidence because 
there's a volatility in currency, whether it is 1- 2 or 3 years, we'd rather win over customer 
confidence. That's the difference that I would see. But yes, 7%- 8% will happen now dependeven 
if the Swiss Franc doesn't move anymore. 
Prateek: 
Sir, when you say expected lines, would 12-month exit from the start of a store mean the 
breakeven? And the exit might maybe 12 months. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Can we move to other speaker because there are a lot of... 
Pranav Saboo: 
yes, you are right. But we make a move on from that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Naman from Sanghavi Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Naman: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Most of the questions are answered. Very good set of 
numbers. I just wanted to understand that in our precision components businesswhich of these 
sectors are witnessing the fastest growth of, the EV aerospace, defense, auto components? Could 
you give us some light on that part, or any visibility in these segments that we are getting for the 
next year? 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Okay. You have a second question, Naman? 
Naman: 
No. it was on electroplating, but that is got answered, right? So, we had already activated that 
part, correct? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So actually, the way we look at it and the way we are experiencing it, all these sectors that you 
name, they're actually very robust. So we have to decide where we are going to put most of our 
focus on. Obviously, EV, the energy storage, these are sectors where we've got momentum. We 
have relationships. There's a lot of scope to expand that. So that is growing. On electronics, 
again, there is a lot of momentum. 
Our market share in some of these is very small. So as we actually get into the segment and we 
understand the needs of customers and we sort of tally our capabilities with that, it's like you are 
standing at the beach and looking at an ocean ahead of opportunities. Now which direction you 
want to lift, the ocean is large everywhere because compared to our size, the ocean is very large, 
right? So we have to decide which areas we want to focus on 
And as I think we've spoken earlier also. Our focus, because of the momentum that we are 
getting, is in the EV, the energy storage and the electronic components. We have customers in 
other segments as well. And if opportunities come up, we will, of course, examine them. But the 
strongest growth we see are in the sectors I mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans from Svan Investments. Please go 
ahead.  
. 
Shreyans: 
Yes, sir. Two questions. One is on the Ethos. So when we're targeting 2x revenue stores in three 
years, all these stores are going to be COCO Or do you sort of look at the franchisee way of 
expanding stores because you spoke about getting into Tier 2 and below, right? 
And my second question is when I look at the standalone P&L, sir. Last five years, our revenues 
would have doubled. But if I just look at the other opex bit, that has grown higher than your 
revenue CAGRs, right? So I'm just trying to understand, your majority of your portion of, 
revenues is exports. So you're earning in maybe dollars or CHF, but you're spending in INR. So, 
shouldn't there be some kind of operating leverage that sort of plays out? 
And when I look at your -- the breakup of other opex, it's largely consumables and job work 
expenses. So just trying to understand, is this volume-specific pay that you give to your 
contractual labor number of volumes that they do? Or it's a fixed salary? Or how does that work? 
Because I was expecting some kind of leverage in that line item. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
So I mean, obviously, leverage is a part of the business. You said, right, we earn in dollars, and 
we spend in rupees, but don't forget that the inflation in India, including wage and manpower 
cost inflation, is far higher than abroad, right? In Switzerland, I'm not sure if you're aware, but 
in Switzerland, the annual increment that a person gets usually is between 0.5% to 2%. In India, 
10% to 11% is pretty much the norm. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
 
So yes, there is operating leverage in that way. But should not overplay it, right? You can't really 
rely on that because costs in India escalate much faster, which is one reason why the Indian 
rupee keeps depreciating. I mean that's basic economics, which I'm sure you are familiar with. 
As far as the arrangements on labor and contract, there are a mix of arrangements, right? 
Sometimes, it is dependent on volume. Sometimes it is a combination of volume and time. And 
in some skills, this can only be time. It cannot be volume. So it's really a combination of many 
things. And overall leverage comes from the way you approach the business. We don't see the -
- breaking it down into segments like that. 
Sanjeev Masown: 
I would like to add into that. look only in to the one side of that we earn in the dollars or in the 
foreign currency, but we do have a lot of import and a lot of expenditure for the market and the 
business promotion in the foreign currency. So to that extent, we have exposures into that. 
And number two, in the last five years, the growth of the different business segments are varied. 
Watch component growth has been lower than the other businesses where the margins are 
different. So this is a mix of all those things where it is difficult to point out that only because 
we are in the currency and then accordingly, margins should improve. But overall, if you plot 
the last 4  to5 years, the margins have been at a stable or it has been growing. Yes, there is always 
a possibility of growing  more than what we have grown. 
Shreyans: 
Sir, my Ethos answer is yet pending, the first question. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Yes, I can answer that quickly. We have not done anything other than COCO. We are not ruling 
out anything in the future, but at the moment, we are really focusing on company-owned, 
company operating stores. 
Pranav Saboo: 
Also, I said between  between 3 years, I just want to make sure that we underline that. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
I can answer that. You know, it's hard to sort of get one quarter performance and try to judge 
anything by that. you have to look at years and you have to look at a slightly longer term. As I 
mentioned in my speech, we expect revenues grow 20% to 25%. We expect margins profile  to 
remain within a closed band. 
Again, it depends how the product changes in some segments where margins are higher but 
revenue growth is higher and margins are lower and revenue growth is higher and vice a versa. 
So it's hard to really take a thing based on one quarter. I wouldn't sort of prorate based on a 
quarter. 
Shreyans: 
So just a follow-up on that. In that case, if you could help us understand what drove margins in 
this quarter? 
Shreyans: 
6% increase in margins, if you could break it down in terms of operating leverage, better product 
mix, currency benefits so that we can sort of make some... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Sanjeev Masown: 
It's difficult to answer. There are different business segments, export domestic mix changing and 
the growth of the opportunities in the different segments. But more or less, we have already 
shared the indications of the revenue growth. The EBITDA margins and the overall margins will 
be in the same band. It's not going to change dramatically either upward or downward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Yashovardhan Saboo for closing comments. 
Yashovardhan Saboo: 
Thank you, everyone. I hope we've been able to answer your questions to your satisfaction. If 
you need any further clarifications or want to know more, please contact SGA, our Investor 
Relations advisor. Thank you once again for being part of this call. And thanks, Sanjeev. Thanks, 
Pranav. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of KDDL Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
