WBest nffotitelimited
lune0t,2O26
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C'1, Block'G,
Bandra - Kurla ComPlex
Bandra (E), Mumbai-4000 5 1
SCRIP CODE: 539660
SCRIP ID: BESTAGRO
Dear Sir/Mam
pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosures Rfruirements) Regulations, 2015 (the "Listing Regulations"), please find enclosed
herewith the transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended March 31,2026 held on
Thursday, May 28,2026.
The above transcript is also available on the website of the company i.e. www.bestagrolife.com
Submitted for your information and record.
Thanking You,
Yours Faithfully,
@ negd. Oflice & Corporote Office : B-4, Bhogwon Doss Nogor, Eost Puniobi Bogh, New Delhi-l I0026
(! phon", 0l l -45803300 | Fox: 0l I -45093518 @ info@bestogrolife.com I www.beslogrolife.com
CIN : 1741 I 0DL1 992P1C116773
BSE Limited
2Str Floon P.f. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai'40000 1
!i
qffi
MAKE IN INDIA

Best Agrolife Limited 
Q4 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call  
May 28, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Best Agrolife Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will remain in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
“*”, then “0” on your touchtone telephone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as of the 
date of this call. 
 
These statements are not the guarantee of future performance of the company, and it 
may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Today, from the 
management side, we have with us Mr. Surendra Sai – Executive Director, and Mr. 
Vikas Jain – Chief Financial Officer. I will now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Surendra Sai for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Surendra Sai: 
 Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining the FY26 
Earnings Conference Call of Best Agrolife Limited. 
 
As a business year for the Indian agrochemical sector, FY’26 was an average year 
with some unexpected and adverse weather conditions. The weather was unseasonal 
throughout the year with some areas experiencing lower than expected rainfall while 
other areas experienced floods. 
 
 Due to this, there was an impact on the sales in key areas such as Haryana and 
Punjab. Certain key crop segments did not perform as expected like chilli, pulses, rabi 
paddy and fruit crops. In addition to an average season, there was a buildup in the 
trade inventory which also led to depressed sales. Our focus throughout the year 
remained on strengthening the long-term fundamentals of the business. We continue 
to strengthen our basics, in terms of policies, pricing, inventory and expenses control.  
Our strategy remained focused on building a stronger patented portfolio for a positive 
impact on the farmer’s income. 
 
Our dipstick surveys have shown positive feedback for our speciality products with 
overwhelming positivity and acceptance from the farmers. Farmers in Madhya 
Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan have been appreciative of products like Ronfen, 
Tricolor, Warden Extra and Bestman. We also observed gaps in branding at the farmer 
level and are addressing these with social media and Whatsapp campaigns. We have 
acted on farmer’s need for bio stimulants and have introduced 5 new products in this 
category.   
 

The new segment of bio products includes Sprink, Richgrow Gold, Emprole, Tornet & 
Punctual. We are confident of strengthening farmer loyalty and enhancing brand 
recognition.  During FY’26, we launched three patented products, namely Bestman, 
Fetagen, and Shot Down. Bestman has received encouraging acceptance in key 
horticulture markets due to its strong efficacy against sucking pests and borers in 
crops. Fetagen and Shot Down also gaining market traction.  
 
FY’27 will see us launch Fluzam, Midcotin, Cubax Power Extra, and Trishanku. These 
patented products are expected to further strengthen our positioning in the specialized 
crop protection market.  
 
Our focus continues to be strengthening the IP portfolio. We received 7 combination 
patents, and 1 nano urea patent this year. The synthesis R&D centre successfully 
commercialized the 18 stage Topramezone manufacturing process.  
FY ’26 saw the synthesis development and manufacturing process for new molecules. 
At least 4 new generation molecules will be produced this year at the Gajraula facility.  
 
This reflects our continued investments in research and development and reinforces 
our commitment toward innovation-led  growth and Atmanirbhar manufacturing. 
To improve the balance sheet health and maintain better market discipline, our key 
levers will be operational discipline, capital efficiency, inventory control, returns 
policies and expenses control.  
 
Looking ahead, while the external environment continues to require close monitoring, 
particularly with respect to monsoon progression and the ongoing gulf conflict, we 
believe the business is structurally better positioned entering FY’27.  
The impact of El nino this year is being carefully analysed and we are taking actions 
to mitigate the impact on the sales.  
 
In the brand segment - calibrated pricing actions, new bio products and patented 
products will support the improvement in profitability and overall business brand 
performance over the coming quarters.  
 
We are experiencing a surge in counterfeits especially for our popular products such 
as Ronfen. To tackle this, we are introducing high security hologram on our key 
products to help our customers differentiate genuine products from counterfeits.  
 
Another problem we are addressing is that of pest resistance. When any product does 
not work, farmers generally use an alternative having the same mode of action hoping 
for results. Globally, mode of action is displayed on labels as an important information 
for preventing resistance development as well as effective crop protection. Our new 
labels will display the mode of action based on IRAC, HRAC and FRAC. We believe 
this transparency will help the farmers choose the right products. 
 
We are positive about ramping up the production from our technicals manufacturing 
converting the R&D successes into commercial successes.  
 
Our registrations abroad are ongoing with 2 registrations in Mexico in the final stages 
of approval. In Sri Lanka, the registration of our patented molecules is in progress on 

a fast track, while we successfully received our first registration in Thailand. In 
Vietnam, we are expanding the registration portfolio with our local partners.  
 
Regarding orders, we continue to ship consignments to Sudan where our products are 
being well accepted. We are in the final stages of starting a subsidiary in Brazil. We 
also are continuing to see interest in our patented Nano Urea formulation abroad.   
We remain committed to creating long-term value for all stakeholders through 
innovation, disciplined execution, and sustainable growth. 
 
With that, I would conclude my remarks, and hand over to Mr Vikas who will walk you 
through the years financials.  
 
 
Vikas Jain: I will begin by taking you through the Company’s financial and operational 
performance for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026.  
 
FY26 was an exceptionally challenging year for the agrochemical industry, impacted 
by adverse climatic conditions, uneven pest incidences, elevated channel inventory 
levels, weak dealer liquidity, and volatility in raw material prices. Despite these 
headwinds, the Company remained focused on operational discipline, working capital 
optimization, and strengthening long-term business fundamentals.  
 
For FY26, consolidated revenue from operations stood at ₹1,257 crore as compared 
to ₹1,814 crore in FY25, reflecting a decline of 31% year-on-year. Gross margin for 
the year stood at ₹380 crore as against ₹531 crore in FY25. However, gross margin 
percentage improved to 30% compared to 29% in the previous year, supported by 
product mix improvement and calibrated pricing actions.  
 
EBITDA for FY26 stood at ₹100 crore as compared to ₹200 crore in FY25, while 
EBITDA margin stood at 8% versus 11% in the previous year.  Profit After Tax for 
FY26 stood at ₹9 crore as against ₹70 crore reported in FY25, with PAT margin at 1% 
compared to 4% last year.  
Coming to the quarterly performance, revenue from operations for Q4 FY26 stood at 
₹156 crore as against ₹274 crore in Q4 FY25, representing a decline of 43% year-on-
year. Gross margin for the quarter stood at ₹35 crore compared to ₹63 crore in the 
corresponding quarter last year, while gross margin percentage stood at 23% as 
against 23% in Q4 FY25.  
 
EBITDA for Q4 FY26 stood at negative ₹27 crore compared to negative ₹4 crore in 
Q4 FY25. EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at negative 17% as against 2% in the 
corresponding period last year.  
 
Profit After Tax for the quarter stood at negative ₹37 crore compared to negative ₹22 
crore in Q4 FY25, while PAT margin stood at negative 24% versus negative 8% in the 
same quarter last year.  
 
The fourth quarter was particularly impacted by weaker seasonal demand, slower 
channel liquidation, elevated inventory at the distributor level, and sharp increases in 
raw material prices during March following geopolitical developments in the Middle 
East.  

 
In response to the sudden increase in input costs, we consciously calibrated 
dispatches and avoided low-realization sales during March across both B2B and 
branded segments. While this prudent decision impacted near-term revenues by 
approximately ₹50–70 crore, we believe it was necessary to protect medium-term 
profitability and maintain channel discipline.  
 
To mitigate rising input costs, the Company implemented two rounds of price 
increases during April and May 2026. We expect these pricing interventions to 
progressively support profitability beginning Q1 FY27 onward.  
 
One of our key operational priorities over the last two years has been working capital 
optimization and inventory reduction. I am pleased to share that inventory levels have 
reduced significantly from approximately ₹958 crore in FY24 to ₹773 crore in FY25 
and further to ₹651 crore as of March 31, 2026.  
 
This reduction reflects tighter procurement planning, calibrated production schedules, 
rationalization of slower-moving inventory, and sharper channel management 
practices.  
 
As we move into FY27, our focus remains firmly on improving cash flow generation, 
strengthening balance sheet quality, enhancing product mix, and driving sustainable 
profitability rather than purely volume-led growth. While the external environment 
continues to remain dynamic, we believe improving inventory alignment, pricing 
actions already undertaken, and increased contribution from differentiated products 
should support gradual recovery in profitability over the coming quarters.  
With that, we now open for question and answers.    
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Sucrit D. Patil from EyeSight FinTrade Pvt. Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sucrit D. Patil: Good afternoon to the team. I have two questions. My first question to 
Mr. Surendra is, what type of strategic levers are we prioritizing in FY26-27 to expand 
the company's crop protection portfolio, strengthen distribution network across India 
and manage risk from regulatory changes and raw material price volatility? That's my 
first question. I will take my second question after this. Thank you. 
 
Surendra Sai: Let me try to answer it. For FY26-27, you would like to know what our 
strategy is to increase the crop protection portfolio. In terms of a portfolio, there are 
two actions that we are taking, and which are important. The first one is that overall, 
while we are taking dipstick and feedback from the farmers in the field, there is an 
interest in bioproducts, primarily bio stimulants. These are growth enhancers and 
improve yield. These products have been introduced. Currently, we have introduced 
five new products for FY26-27.  
 
These products, we hope, will get good traction and will meet a farmer's needs. While 
we had not introduced a new segment for quite some time, we felt this was the right 
time to introduce biostimulants into the market as these are important. The second 
point where we thought we would be increasing our crop protection portfolio is the 

introduction of new patented products. We are having a couple of new products in 
terms of Fluzam and Midcotin. The third area that we do see that there would be 
certain requirements, and demand is in the area of nano-urea. 
 
I think this concept will significantly impact the volatility and pricing of urea. As a part 
of this portfolio, we have already gotten a patent. We are progressing into the final 
stages of the computing of the registration on the nano-urea segment. The second 
part of this question was on the distribution network. We did grow our distribution 
network to around 10,000-10,000 plus. We were hitting somewhere around 10,800 
dealers and distributors.  
 
What we are seeing is that while the distribution network is large, there are a lot of 
good distributors and there are a lot of not so great distributors who delay in terms of 
both payments as well as who are not able to effectively manage our sales and do 
proper distribution and keep our customers happy. We are taking some conscious 
decisions to be able to identify and beat out non-performing dealers, and you will see 
our dealership network strengthening over a period of time.  
 
Your third question was on the management of risks. Now, the two key risks which are 
going to impact not just the agricultural sector, agrochemical and agricultural sector 
are the Gulf conflict which is still dragging on after approximately 89 days. This is 
leading to an increase in a lot of prices, primarily for solvents and formulation prices. 
We are actively working on trying to see how we can actually adjust our pricing, which 
is very agile and if we see the prices dropping, we will be equally in a position to pass 
on the benefits to the farmers.  
 
The second aspect which is a major risk that we see in this particular year is the effect 
of the El Nino. Potentially, while a lot of worry is there on the El Nino, our understanding 
is that the El Nino will kick in somewhere between September and October of this year. 
We are hopeful that the primary monsoon or the source of monsoon for the current 
season will hopefully be not long term.  
 
We do know that the probability of the El Nino becoming significant is 4th October 
where potentially there will be a 2 degree plus increase in the El Nino and this would 
impact the Rabi season. So, we are appropriately trying to be able to adjust our 
business to be able to take this into account. I hope I was able to answer all your 
questions. 
 
Sucrit D. Patil: Thank you. My second part of the question is to Mr. Jain. What type 
of capital allocation and risk management frameworks have been applied in 2027 to 
balance working capital requirements with funding for R&D, research and 
development? Are there any new agrochemical formulations? Any hedge against 
foreign and raw material volatility? Any liquidity buffers put into place to sustain the 
seasonal demand cycle? 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes, just to go one by one with respect to our earlier capex, we had guided 
to say that we will do some sort of capex but that as was previously mentioned in our 
board meeting that we are postponing the newer capex which we are supposed to do 
in our existing plant. So, that we are keeping it on hold. The other part is on the R&D 
front. To bring these patented products, obviously our R&D is keep on continuing its 

work. So, the general percentage what we spend on our R&D and the patents will 
continue which is for our industry the percentage doesn't look very high but we 
continue to do it between around 1% or so.  
 
So, we have already filed close to 100 plus patents and we are hopeful to see at least 
2 to 3 new patents coming at least for the next 5 years. So, for 2026-2027 also we are 
going to launch 3 new patents and this will continue for next 3 to 5 years. So, with 
respect to RM volatility, as we mentioned in our speech, the prime reason that Q4 was 
not as per our expectation because we thought in our earlier guidance that Q4 will 
have minimal losses. This was little on the higher side because we had stopped our 
sales for the branded as well as B2B sales which we generally do in March as a 
replacement till previous year.  
 
So, we wanted to capitalize on the situation wherein our existing inventories which we 
already had rather than selling at lower prices in March where we don't have the clear 
picture of the prices. We thought we will wait and sell closer to the season. We post 
that immediately from 1st week of April we increase the prices of most of the material 
wherever the cost has gone up and later for a few of the other products we also 
increased in May. 
 
 So, we have done 2 rounds of price increase. Since we are aware that the prices are 
pretty volatile, each and every purchase order or each and every raw material what 
we procure is being properly scrutinized to see whether the same can be passed on 
into the market by way of increasing the price. If we are able to do that then we are 
procuring else we are not going too aggressive on products where we feel that we 
might end up buying high-cost inventory.  
 
We are not doing and not focusing because now we are just tired of the season so 3-
4 months we would want to concentrate on our sales. So, for the liquidity even the 
government is helping with respect to 20% additional funding so we might take some 
portion of it. We have already applied to the banks. For this portion of the season, we 
will be taking those funding from the banks which will take care of the coming season. 
 
Moderator: Sucrit, does that answer all your question 
Sucrit D. Patil: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We will take the next question from the line of Komal from Gochern 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Komal: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted to ask basic questions. First 
thing, how much of sales are coming from the own manufacturing out of 100%? How 
much in own manufacturing sales? 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes, so most part of it is coming from our own manufacturing because as 
we said the more, we are going into patented products, the portfolio of patent products 
is growing. So, presently our patent product portfolio has gone up from 30% to 40% of 
our branded, which almost entire formulation everything is done in our own factory. 
So, as of today almost between 60-65% of our sales are being produced in our own 
factories. 
 

Komal: So, 60-65% total sales is coming from own manufacturing, right? 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes. 
 
Komal: But then you say institutional sales is 40% of our revenue. So, that is B2B, 
right? 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes. 
Komal: So, that is trading, okay. 
 
Vikas Jain: So, B2B, just to clarify, B2B is not entirely trading because we have a 
technical manufacturing plant and formulation manufacturing plant. We do import and 
do value addition before selling to other B2B players. So, those are not necessarily 
pure trading but pure trading would be less than 10% of our business. 
 
Komal: Okay, that clarifies. So, currently I just wanted to understand the 
manufacturing capacity we have. So, how much capital would be required to set up 
that whatever the manufacturing capabilities we have currently at this stage? What is 
that value? It is 200, what is that value? 
 
Vikas Jain: In our own manufacturing setup, mostly we are in a seasonal business. 
We see our capacity utilization going up to 80-90% during the season and off season 
we are at around 50-60%. So, just to answer if our existing manufacturing capacity is 
sufficing, if that is the question, yes. We are more than able to manufacture from our 
own production. 
 
Komal: My question was if anybody wants to set up this manufacturing capacity, how 
much capital would be required as of today? 
 
Surendra Sai: So, if it is similar manufacturing capacity then it has to be at least 80-
100 crores to set up similar manufacturing facility. Okay. I will just clarify. So, when we 
are talking about manufacturing facilities, there are little bit more nuances and details. 
So, the first thing is that manufacturing facility is in terms of a formulation where we 
are 100% doing our own formulation facility.  
 
So, the final packing and the formulation is all ours. Now the second part is the 
technicals. Now the technicals are the active ingredient part of it. It requires a 
significantly large technical facility. Our technical facility was built up over a period of 
time and in the last 6-7 years and it has gone through multiple rounds of expansion. 
Now coming up to the point about if I look at the end product which is sold to the 
consumer and we try to figure out what percentage of that end product is actually 
manufactured or requires certain inputs which come from outside.  
 
The inputs which come from outside are in form of either you might call it as the bottles 
or labels or you might call it as the solvent or you might even call it as the raw materials 
which are used in the manufacturing process. Some of the raw materials are certainly 
imported from China because India's chemical industry is not yet geared up to be able 
to supply all raw materials and that's where to a certain extent our imports come into 
picture.  
 

Now to be able to understand that what we have been doing consciously over the 
period of years is that we have been able to try and bring in the manufacturing 
capability in-house. That is where Vikas Ji was mentioning that our patented products 
will be using newer molecules which will be manufactured in-house in our technical 
manufacturing facility so that we have a much better control over both in terms of 
quality, our ability to be not dependent upon supply chain and insulate ourselves from 
completely impossible to manage situations like the Gulf aspect. 
 
Komal: Another question is currently the branded whatever we are doing right, what 
are the margins and working capital cycle there compared to institutional? Can you 
break up those also? 
 
Surendra Sai: Between branded and institutional, for example if I take with respect to 
the larger part which is inventory and receivables, so inventory days for the branded 
is little higher, anywhere between 120 to 150 days and for the B2B business it is 90 to 
120. With respect to receivables, again on the receivable side it is around 120 days 
and B2B side it is 90 days. So, we have a gap of almost around 50-60 days if I combine 
both the inventory as well as receivable days. On the margin front, there is a huge 
difference. Margin front if I take branded, the margin especially in portfolio now is less 
and on B2B we are on average around 15-20%. 
 
Komal: So, sorry branded your voice was cut, how much for branded? 
 
Surendra Sai: For branded depending upon product but since our portfolio of patent 
is going up, we are on an average at around 40% whereas on the B2B we are at 
around 15-20%. 
 
Komal: So, this 40 is gross margin you are talking about? 
Surendra Sai: Yes, gross margin. 
 
Komal: What is EBITDA margin in this business? 
 
Surendra Sai: EBITDA margin again depends upon the kind of sales we are doing. 
For example this year our sales were little lower but if I have to tell you on the ideal 
situation that next year if we are going to perform well and based on that sales number 
the EBITDA margin for the branded should be anywhere from 18-20% and on the B2B 
it should be around 8% or so. 
 
Komal: Sir if I understand your business right, branded you want to do more because 
the margins are good but it is little working capital heavy when compared to institutional 
sales. Now I see your balance sheet, you have receivables worth of 500 crores and 
the sales are roughly 1000 crores, I mean 50% are into your receivables. I mean you 
are in a deep trouble sir, I would say because the banks won't lend you more and for 
to grow and service the working capital you need more cash. 
 
 So, I think and the receivables also if I deeply check right over 6 months more than 
200 crores are above 6 months and the possibility of write-offs are also heavy. I mean 
you have to structure your balance sheet in order to save the company, that's what I 
can read about the balance sheet whatever you have. Any thoughts on those I mean? 
 

Vikas Jain: So, just to clarify on this business wherein if you are going in a B2C 
segment specially on the retail. So, within B2C also there are different channels, you 
can go up to big wholesalers and wholesalers and distributors or you go into retailers. 
Now the retailers the behavior pattern is the outstanding comes at the lowest in the 
month of June and July. So, they have a habit of paying just at the time of the season 
and if you see March obviously you might look that it is getting elevated. But most of 
the payments come by June because they need to buy again for the next season.  
 
So, this is not only for us, anyone doing a dealer, lowest level dealer kind of business 
they will face the same thing, the March will look higher, it will look better. My last three 
years my overall doubtful debts are just about less than 0.7%, we are not even 1% in 
my doubtful debts. So, that logic to say that 200 will suddenly become doubtful doesn't 
work because we generally collect most of it by the end of June. With respect to, you 
had asked one more point right, on the bank side, so banks do understand because 
they don't just see one single number during March. Because we are in constant touch 
with them and we are giving them the stock statement every month. 
 
 So, they see the movements throughout the year. So, once I submit for my June-July 
they will see that my outstanding specially the old outstanding will be much lower. And 
the outstanding more than 180 months are anyway not considered by them for this 
calculation. So, based on that already we have enough liquidity in our system to 
manage this. So, this happens at a cycle in our business every year. 
 
Komal: Okay, so how much of this you would think that you have to write off, you 
don't, how much of the numbers currently are in balance sheet? You don't see, how 
much of the percentage you see as a write off that might happen according to your 
base case estimate? 
 
Surendra Sai: So, last 3 years business if I take, we have just about put legal cases 
on around 22 crores worth of business. So, that is the, and this is consolidated for 3 
years. So, if you take these 3 years number and on the overall top line, this is less 
than 1% of the business. So, this cycle will continue that every time after 1 year we 
put a legal case. But previous year also I had more than 200 crores which was more 
than 6 months rather 270-280 crores. Which was fully collected this year and just about 
say 70 lakhs or 1 crore which actually goes into legal. Post July that is what we 
evaluate and we go for legal cases if required. 
 
Komal: So, you see this receivable whatever over 6 months are there which will come 
towards this June, July. And in the 6 months balance sheet we should see that number 
going down. Okay, okay, okay. And I mean you have to make sure that your balance 
sheet is strong for that you need more capital. Are we looking for any fund raise or 
rights issue so that we just get enough capital to survive. Because I mean if anybody 
reads the balance sheet, they are just doubtful that the company is going to survive or 
there might be black swan event going forward. So, just from the investor perspective 
I wanted to understand how management thinks about. 
 
Vikas Jain: We are in a full-fledged production time. So, our capital requirement is 
higher. So, even at this present time if you see our utilization of the bank facilities it is 
at around 85-90%. That means still 10% facilities we have which we can avail and we 
can utilize. Plus, this additional help which has come from the central government 

those also we will take. And as and when we also start collecting advances from this 
May, June, July from the customers. 
 
 So, you will see that the requirement goes up for the initial 6 months till September. 
And once the collection starts coming from September, October the loan balances also 
goes down. If you see my last 3 years loan balances we have been constantly reducing 
it. So, we have been and if you see my cash flow for the year FY25-26 even though 
we have made a profit of 8 crores. After tax my cash flow from operations is 90 crores. 
So, I had a positive cash flow last year as well. 
 
Komal: But sir in that cash flow also I see you have not paid 260 odd crores. That is 
why we are positive. If we leave out that I mean that is not in a healthy state. So, cash 
flow wise it is doubtful but I just wanted to make sure that the management is 
grounded. And make sure that we are well capital funded. And maybe if it is required 
to do any rights issue or any fundraising also that would be confidence to investors, I 
would say. Otherwise looking at the balance sheet, the growth and investor confidence 
is very low right now. So, yes that is all from me. 
 
Surendra Sai: 
Yes, Mr. Komal let me just conclude this discussion. So, let us be 
fair enough to say that we have been definitely putting steps to be able to ensure that 
our balance sheet becomes better and better. And to be able to ensure that we have 
a path forward for growth. One of the points that you mentioned and I think that is a 
relevant point is the fact that when we are doing on the B2C the payment cycles are 
very long. And the reason is very simple that you start from a raw material and then 
you make a technical and then you make a formulation and then you take it to the 
market and then you wait for the farmer to pay that.  
 
So, the B2C cycles are quite long. Previously our B2B segment was a little bit on the 
higher side and we were able to get money on a much more shorter cycle when 
compared to the B2C cycle. And in essence, it certainly helped us a lot. Now, which is 
the reason why this particular year you will see our sector. To do that is that we will be 
manufacturing certain active ingredients and technicals which will be available for B2B 
markets. So, this is one change in our strategy where we are looking at where we are 
trying to focus more on manufacturing, which is not just for captive consumption but 
for a B2B segment. And I am sure that without putting additional working capital stress 
we will be able to improve both our top line as well as our bottom line. 
 
Komal: Okay. We wish that we will thrive and wish you all the best. Thanks for that. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Sharma, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Varun Sharma: So, you have repeatedly missed the guidance each and every time. 
Even in last quarter you mentioned we are trying Q4 to be without losses but you have 
even doubled the losses compared to year on year. And if you look at other listed 
companies like Dhanuka, Dharmaraj, etc., they have met the guidance as well as 
exceeded them. So, what would be your guidance for the next financial year? 
 
Vikas Jain: So, Mr. Varun, again for next year we are not giving any specific number 
on the guidance part. But whatever has happened in last two years, we were obviously 

in a difficult situation wherein not only it was price crashes earlier in China or seasonal 
factors. So, we are like a startup wherein it's been just 3-4 years in the branded 
business where we are bringing newer products and trying to put our foothold in the 
market.  
 
So, obviously we are spending a little higher on the marketing and the numbers 
sometimes might not describe what efforts we are doing. But yes, what we feel is that 
the difficult phase should be over this year and next year should be obviously a better 
number. And for this quarter where we are given guidance that we will have a little 
lesser loss, because we had already indicated Q4 is generally a softer quarter. So, it's 
not that some big business would have come and we would have got higher 
profitability.  
 
We had guided that okay, this is a softer quarter where we might have small profit or 
little loss. But loss was higher because we took a conscious decision not to sell our 
inventory. So, since the prices were going up and we wanted to take, because earlier 
we lost because we had higher inventory and the price had crashed. So, we wanted 
to take benefit as well this year to keep our inventory and better to sell at higher price 
closer to the season rather than to show top line and to put higher numbers in Q4.  
 
And yes, with respect to comparison with other companies what you mentioned, you 
are right to that extent that they have shown better numbers. So, generally I feel there 
are two reasons. One is obviously they are much established players with more than 
10, 15, 20 years of presence in the market. And we are just about four years in the 
branded business. The next part is many of them have capacities for exports as well. 
So, if you see Q4 is a seasonal quarter for India. What happens in the commentary, 
most of them will say that okay, the local market is obviously a little softer and facing 
seasonal issues.  
 
But yes, they would have benefited on the export part. And many of them obviously 
would also have done a little better in the local market because of their presence since 
long. 
 
Varun Sharma: Sure sir, but I would recommend one thing. Every time you are doing 
con-call after half a quarter or if you see now you are doing after two months. So, you 
would better some discipline from the management. And I have been investor in this 
company from three years. So, on a lighter note, do you think I will get an exit? 
 
Vikas Jain: Surely next year would be a better year, that's what we can say. So, I 
think it will be a tough couple of years and we agree to that. While we do not make a 
comment on the market situation and other things, be rest assured that one of the 
fundamental things is that in terms of an IP portfolio, in terms of more technicals, in 
terms of the effort which is going on on the ground, that is tremendous.  
 
Yes, it has been a little tough time that those numbers are not reflecting into our overall 
balance sheet or overall, into those share market sizing and other things. But I would 
say that there is a confidence that we have internally that there are better times which 
are coming and this company will be something which will be a company to look out 
for. 
 

Varun Sharma: Thank you sir. Wish you all the best. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, thank you. Thank you. We take the next question from the line 
of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please go ahead. 
 
Saket Kapoor: Thank you for the opportunity firstly. And sir, I think your answers have 
been inaudible to many of us throughout the call-in bits and pieces and have been 
repeatedly mentioned by the speakers also and I just spoke to the operator also 
mentioning that there has been various inaudible part of your, in our conversation 
which you will see in the recording itself. So, many parts of the questions are not, 
answers are not very clear to us. Mr. Sai, you were mentioning about I think so some 
B2B business part of the aspect which will be wherein we will be garnering better 
margins going ahead for this year. So, if you could just explain what, how will this year 
be a different year in terms of the… 
 
Surendra Sai: Mr. Saket, I missed your, on the B2B. You were mentioning that, yes, 
about B2B. 
 
Saket Kapoor: What was your question on the B2B? Sir, my question is that how will 
be this year different in terms of you have mentioned that this will be a different year 
in terms of we will be doing more of B2B work in terms of I think so the technical part 
and thereby we will be having a better top line and bottom line. So, if you could just 
explain to us how will that work out?  
 
Surendra Sai: So, one of the, so we have been trying to, you know, hold our 
manufacturing facilities and our complete production line to be able to meet the 
requirements of the brand business. To be able to ... so fundamentally certain 
strategies were there in terms of reducing our dependence on China, reducing our 
dependence on raw materials. And one of the strategies that the whole last year that 
we did which was on the R&D and for an extremely great molecule with great pricing 
which started off at somewhere around $250 per kg.  
 
But the price crashed like anything for that particular molecule. So, this particular 
strategy of being a feeder channel for the brand business and for the patented portfolio 
was one way to look at it. This year we are diversifying a little bit from being only the 
feeder for the brand business and being a provider to other companies also in terms 
of certain important and key technicals. And we hope to be able to get some good 
business in this particular front and that is some, that's a little difference in our strategy. 
I had mentioned also that, you know, there were around four new off patent molecules 
that we had been working on for the whole of last year.  
 
And R&D was able to succeed in the synthesis methods of these four molecules. 
These four molecules will be in production. In fact, they are already getting produced 
in this particular Q1. We hope to accelerate the production of these new molecules 
forward into Q2 or into Q3. These new molecules will open up B2B segment and B2B 
opportunities for us. We will try to capitalize on that. And B2B generally has a very 
fixed payment schedule and that should help us, help the business in all aspects. I 
hope I was able to answer your question. 
 

Saket Kapoor: It's true sir, but as my earlier participant friend has also mentioned, 
and for investors like us, there has been only disappointment all throughout the last 
two years in understanding and modeling out what can a company like Best Agro 
deliver in terms of financial results. So, even this time also we were not expecting 
these numbers. But anyway sir, two points from Jain Saab. Number one, you 
mentioned that we hold on to our sales for the last some part of March, which has 
resulted in our sales not happening to the tune of 50 to 70 crores. So, that is what is 
getting deferred to the next quarter? How will that work out? And secondly... Yes, Jain 
Saab, first you answer. 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes, Saketji, I just missed your last 10 seconds because again there is 
network issue going on. 
 
Saket Kapoor: So, I was just asking you sir, that you mentioned that for the month of 
March, some period we stopped our sales because of I think so higher pricing, price 
revisions which we were expecting for the month of April onwards. So, taking that into 
factor, that sales have been deferred to the first quarter. So, first quarter would see a 
better top line in that sense or how will that sales deferment will translate into original 
sales? 
 
Vikas Jain: So, yes, both with respect to top line as well as bottom line, you will see 
better numbers because already the prices have been increased and the placements 
which have started are near prices. So, you will see a better both in terms of turnover 
as well as profitability. 
 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, and in terms of sales return, how have that factored in? So, Jain 
Saab, when we spoke earlier, third quarter, you said that, rather you mentioned to us 
that we have done majority of the sales provision and now we won't be expecting any 
more of the same for the fourth quarter or some bit in that sense only. So, how have 
sales return worked out for the fourth quarter? 
 
Vikas Jain: Yes, so sales return as compared to because we faced huge challenge in 
24-25, we didn't want to face same issues in 25-26. So, we stringent our policies a 
little bit. So, that's also one of the reason you saw that our generic portfolio went down 
a little bit as compared to our patent portfolio because we were not placing heavily and 
taking it back. So, the sales return as a percentage came down by 10%. So, earlier 
we were close to 20-30% of sales return.  
 
Presently we are at around 20-21% of sales return and we are pretty comfortable at 
this and continuing we will try to go down less than 20% for the next year. So, sales 
return we have been able to achieve our objective. Also, other two which we have 
planned was the OPEX reduction. There also we reduced close to 15% of our OPEX. 
 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, so only hypothetically if we have even factored that 50 crore 
sale number, our losses would not have trimmed to a larger extent. Means I want to 
only understand the qualitative aspect of this Rs. 48 crore loss. If I take the deprecation 
out of it, it is still a Rs. 38 crore number. So, how would one explain this? 
 

Vikas Jain: Yes, so this Rs. 50-70 crores would have clearly bought us considering 
both branded as well as our B2B segment would have brought anyways around Rs. 
20-23 crores of profit. 
 
Saket Kapoor: Now I cannot hear you sir, it is going inaudible. 
 
Vikas Jain:  So, Rs. 37cr would have been less than Rs. 15 crores or so, it would 
have sold us Rs. 50-70 crores of sales. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Surendra Sai for his closing comments. 
Surendra Sai: Thank you everyone for your valuable questions and continued 
support. Despite a challenging FY26, we remain focused on improving profitability, 
strengthening operational efficiency, and scaling our differentiated product portfolio. 
We remain confident that the strategic actions undertaken during the year will support 
a stronger and more sustainable performance going forward. Thank you once again 
for joining us today. 
 
Moderator: On behalf of Best Agro Life Ltd, that concludes this conference call. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
