Cello World Limited 
(formerly known as ‘Cello World Private Limited’) 
Regd. Office: 597/2A, Somnath Road, Dabhel, Nani Daman, Daman & Diu - 396 210. (India) 
Admin Office: Cello House, Corporate Avenue, 'B' Wing, 8th Floor, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (E), Mumbai - 400 063, (India), 
Tel: 022 6997 0000, e-mail: 
cello.sales@celloworld.com, grievance@celloworld.com 
Website: wwu.corporate.celloworld.com CIN: L25209DD2018PLC009865 
June 04, 2026 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, Bandra Kurla 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544012 
Symbol: CELLO 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Call 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s), 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, copy of transcript of the Investor call held on 
May 29,2026 at 09:00 a.m. (Indian Standard Time) on the audited financial results for the fourth quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2026, is enclosed. 
The said transcript is also available on the Company’s website. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Cello World Limited 
Hemangi Trivedi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: A/a
Hemangi 
Pragnesh Trivedi
Digitally signed by 
Hemangi Pragnesh Trivedi 
Date: 2026.06.04 11:43:45 
+05'30'

“Cello World Limited 
Q4 FY26 Results Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on May 29, 2026, will prevail.” 
ﬂ 
1ICICI Securities 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GAURAV RATHOD — 
JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
— CELLO WORLD LIMITED 
MR. ATUL PAROLIA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER — 
CELLO WORLD LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANAN GOYAL — ICICI SECURITIES 
Page 1 of 14

Moderator: 
Manan Goy: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Cello World Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions afier the presentation concludes. Before we begin, 
a bricf disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company which ar based on the belicfs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the 
date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future performance, and it may imvolve risks and 
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manan Goyal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q4 FY26 and FY26 Results 
Conference Call of Cello World Limited. Today, we have with us scnior management 
represented by Mr. Gaurav Rathod, Joint Managing Director; and Mr Atul Parolia, CFO. 
Now I hand over the call to the management for their initial comments on the quarterly and 
annual performance. Then, we will open the floor for a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Thank you, and good morning everyone, and a very warm welcome to our company's carnings 
call. Joining me is our CFO, M. Atul Parolia; and our Investor Relations Advisor, SGA. The 
results and presentations are available on the stock exchange and on our website. Thope you had 
achance to look at it. Financial year 26 was marked by multiple headwinds and evolving market 
conditions across industries and segmerts. 
The demand environment remained dynamie throughout the year while the first half witnessed 
relatively better momentum supported by a healthy festive season, demand did ot sustain at 
their level and moderated in the second half. In our view, financial year 26 represented a phase 
of temporary consolidation during which we focused on strengthening the structural operations 
of the business and implementing several corrective initiatives, which include rationalization of 
our product portfolio, realignment of our distribution strategy in line with evolving market 
dynamics, particularly the growing relevance of e-commerce and quick commerce channels, 
cahancement of our operational cfficiencics aimed 
at optimizing costs and improving 
productivity, and commissioning of new manufacturing lines for steel bottle production and 
select consumer categories at our Rajasthan facility. 
We believe that these initiatives has strengthened the long-term foundation of the business and 
expect their benefits to progress -- progressively reflect in our performance over financial year 
27. Coming to financial year '26 performance, revenue grew by 9% with a gross margin of 
49.8%. The performance was primarily driven by categories like writing instruments, Opalware, 
glassware and some selcoted consumer ware products. 
However, some of our key products witnessed near-term challenges. The Hydration segment 
remains subdued duc to stock-outs in insulated steel products while categorics such as storage, 
Page 2 of 14

Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
houseware and cleanware had a moderate growth due to a slow consumer demand during the 
year. Operating profits remain under pressure owing to higher costs associated with new 
glassware plant and steel bottle manufacturing unit. As these categories start scaling up, we 
should sce an improvement in our profitability. For financial year 26, EBITDA stood at INR526 
crores with a margin of 22.7%, and a PAT margin for the year stood at 14.3%. 
Coming to the Q4 performance, we delivered the highest-ever quarterly revenue of INR654 
crores, recording a year-on-year growth of 11%. We did not witness any material impact due to 
the Middle East situation during the quarter. There was an increase in plastic raw material costs, 
but we had adequate inventory 
to mitigate the impact in Q4. Additionally, rising energy costs 
had some impact on glassware production, which remained manageable during the quarter. 
On the consumerware side of things, revenue stood at INR434 crores with year-on-year growth 
of 7%, During the quarter, we operationalized 2 additional manufacturing lines for steel bottle 
production. Another 4 lines has been commissioned during quarter 
1 of financial year 27. 
Howerer, these capacitics were commissioned towards the latter part of the quarter and 
therefore, did not materially contribute to Q4 financial year 26 revenucs. We expect 2 more 
lincs to commission shortly and 
a gradual ramp-up in overall steel bottle production is 
anticipated over Q1 and Q2 of financial 
year 
Utilization levels at the glassware scgment still remains at about 60%, primarily impacted duc 
to dumping of imported glass products from China. As a result, the category remains at the 
breakeven levels and did not contribute meaningfully to the overall profitability for the quarter. 
We are actively engaging with relevant authorities to seek some protection against these 
dumping -- against this dumping happening from -- mainly from China. 
For us, glassware remains a long-term strategic growth business rather than a near-term profit 
‘maximization opportunity. We continue to remain confident about the long-term potential of this 
segment and are focused on scaling the business while improving it profitably. During the month 
of March, we witnessed a sharp increase in demand for elcetric kitchenware products driven by 
the LPG gas supply chain. This resulted in complete liquidation of inventory of these product 
lincs. I we had a little more of this, we could have probably done better, but I think we couldn't 
have anticipated this kind of 
a demand. 
Demand for the rest of consumerware products remain subdued during this quarter. On the 
writing instruments front, revenues delivered a solid growth 0f 64% and stood at INR128 crores. 
As we anticipated, Cello stationery brand started contributing to this business from Q4 onwards. 
Even excluding revenues from Cello brand, the writing instruments delivered a healthy double- 
digit year-on-year growth, largely driven by strong pickup in export business as well as revenues 
from newly launched products, particularly in the premium pens category. Writing instruments 
is emerging structurally stronger and more scalable business for Cello, and we remain confident 
of achicving our farget of revenue of INR500 crores plus in financial year 27. 
During the quarter, the moulded fumniture business recorded a year-on-year decline of 13.5%, 
largely in line with prevailing industry trends and subdued demand conditions. We have 
Page 3 of 14

Atul Parolia: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
completed the merger of Wimplast Limited with Cello World. With this integration, the 
synergics between consumerware and moulded furniture can be explored further. 
During the quarter, we also witnessed a continued increase in revenue contribution from c- 
commerce and quick commerce channcls. These channcls now account for neatly 17% of our 
overall revenue with profitability broadly in line with other business segments. 
While general trade continues 
to remain 
a critical pillar 
of our distribution network, 
strengthening our presence across modern digital channcls is cqually important to address 
evolving consumer preferences and enhance our reach in markets where physical distribution 
remains limited. Looking ahead, supported by the various initiatives undertaken towards 
strengthening the business, we cexpeet financial year to be a significantly better year, though 
challenges do scem looming in the first quarter. 
But I'will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Atul Parolia, for the financial year highlights. Thank 
you very much. 
Thank you, Gaurav, and good morning to everyone. Now I will be sharing the financial details 
for the quarter gone by. In Q4 FY2 
registering a growth of 11% year-on-year compared 
to the INR588.8 crores in the Q4 FY25. The 
the company reported revenue of INR653.6 crores, 
company reported EBITDA of INR136.6 crores in the quarter, translating into EBITDA margin 
of 20.9%. 
Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR90.1 crores, while PAT margin stood at 13.8%. In 
terms of revenue mix, consumerware contributed 66.4% of the total revenue during the quarter, 
writing instrument accounting for 19.6% and moulded furniture along with the Allied Products 
contributing for the remaining 14%. 
During the period, general trade contributed 75.4% of the total sales, followed by online sales 
channel at 9.5%, export at 7.6% and modemn trade at 7.5%. From the segment-wise margin 
perspective, writing instruments and consumerware both reported gross profit margin of 47.8%, 
while moulded furniture reported a margin of 39.5%. 
Now coming to FY26 performance. Revenue for the period stood at INR2,323.7 crores, 
registering a year-on-year growth of 8.8%. EBITDA came in at INR526.4 crores, translating 
into EBITDA margin of 
22.7%. Profit after tax stood at INR331.5 crores, resulting into a PAT 
margin of 14.3%. For FY26, our cash flow from operations stood at INR255.1 crores. Debt-to- 
equity ratio stands at 0.01%. 
Capex incurred during the year stood at around INR219 crores, which mainly includes 
investment for the setting of manufacturing line for steel bottle as well as other selcet 
consumerware product, writing instrument and some portion spent for the maintenance capex. 
Going ahead for financial year FY27, 
we expect to do a capex of around INR100 crores. Lastly, 
Iwould like to inform that composite scheme of arrangement among Wimplast, Cello Consumer 
Products Limited and the company 
has become cffective from 27th May 2026, with an appointed 
date of 1st April 2025 as defined under the scheme. Accordingly, our financial comparative has 
Page 4 of 14

Moderator: 
Manan Goyal: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Manan Goyal: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Sucrit Patil: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
been restated to give cffect to the scheme from the beginning of the previous year. This also 
includes the consequential impact on carnings per share pending issuance pursuant to the 
scheme. 
‘With this, 
I would like to open the session for question and answers. 
The first question is from the line of Manan Goyal from ICICI Sceuritics. 
So, my first question is regarding the steel manufacturing capacity. So carlier the manufacturing 
capacity was expected to commence on Q4 FY26, but now it has been delayed to Q2 of FY27. 
If you can specify what are the reasons for this delay? And what will be the revenue impact 
because of this delay? 
So basically, the stec] has not been delayed. It s always, as mentioned thatit is starting in phases. 
So it has already begun in Q4 of '26, but the ramp-up is happening. So there were 2 lines that 
started in the last quatter. And now in this quarter, there will be another 4 lines and then another 
2 lines. 
So that's how the phase wise it is going to start. So marginally revenue will start coming from 
these lines. So by July we should be in complete -~ full scale mode. So right now, we are in 
partial - partially we have scaled up. So it's more scaling up. If's not that we haven't started on 
time. It was already - itis already running. 
Okay. And sir, what will be the revenue impact in FY26 because of the capacity constraints, 
which you have scen in Hydra and in steel? 
Yes. So in stecl ware it actually was pretty significant. I you recall in the last quarter itsclf it 
was about 40% and that impact came down a little bt in the last quarter, which was about - still 
about 30% from last year, quarter-on-quarter. So I think going forward, it was a pretty significant 
drop beeause overall, for the year also, we saw a 25% drop in sales for this category, which we 
So I think that's 
aim to get it back to at least the number that we clocked in financial year 
where we are headed. 
The next question is from the line of Sucrit Patil: from Eyesight Fintrade Private limited. 
I have 2 questions. My first question to Mr. Rathod is just want to understand the forward 
guidance on what type of strategic levers are you placing in 2627 to expand Cello's consumer 
product portfolio actoss kitchenware, furniture and writing instruments while managing risk 
from raw material price volatility and sustaining brand leadership in domestic and export 
markets. That's my first question. Il ask my second question after this. 
So basically, we are quite diversified. If you look at our portfolio, it - anyway, we are across 
materials of glass, plastic, stecl, but the current crisis or the overall situation has affected 
everything. So it not just a particular raw material that has been affected, every scgment has 
been affected 
by these crisis that is going on currently. So I think while we try 
to shield oursclves 
by a diversified portfolio, we always try to launch newer products within our category. Though 
there s no cwrrent thought process on expanding into other categorics. We were — as I said, we 
Page 5of 14

Sucrit Patil: 
Atul Parolia: 
Moderator: 
Krupa Padya: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Krupa Padya: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Krupa Padya: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
were able to take advantage of the LPG crisis that happened in March by sclling a lot more of 
our appliances. 
So by being in that category, though itis a smaller category for us. By being in that category 
-- 
that helped us for that particular time - that crisis was there. So I think having - we are pretty 
much across -- diversified across all scgments and that is why sometimes the risk is also 
mitigated from that perspective. 
My sceond question to Mr. Atul s, again to understand what type of capital allocation and risk 
‘management frameworks have been applied in 26-27 to balance dividend payouts with funding 
for capacity cxpansion? Any hedge against forex and polymer price volatility? And any buffers 
put into place to sustain the liquidity for the demand cycle, peak seasonal demand, yes? 
Sce, with regards to raw material prices actually it always, as we have said in the past, we 
increase our selling price in accordance -- I mean whatever 
raw material prices, we pass on the 
burden to the end consumer. So as far as raw material 
price is conceed, we are confident that 
whenever the price comes down, we reduce the prices; when it goes up, we inerase the prices. 
With regard to your question for capex, actually, during this year, I think, INR100 crores is the 
total capex, which we have said, mostly will be for the maintenance capex and hardly carly 
around INR30 crores, we have allocated for our steel ware and that building. 
The next question is from the line of Krupa Padya from PN Capital 
AmI audible? 
Yes, yes. You are audible. Please go ahead. 
Sir my question would be what is the utilization level across Opalware business currently? And 
what is your strategy on that? 
So, on the Opalware side, I think they are about at 85% utilization today. So, we hardly have 
about 15% that is left. And I think our strategy is to exhaust this capacity over this year. Also, 
there has been increased competition in this space. 
So we are trading a little cautiously here, while - so maybe in some time, we would look at 
expanding our capacity. But at this point of time, because of heightened competition and more 
capacity that have come in the market, we first want to exhaust our current capacity and then 
move ahead. 
The second question will be on from a pricing quality point of view, are we at par with Chinese 
glassware product or we are at premium? 
No, I think in terms of quality, we arc at par or better than most of the Chinese mamufacturars. 
So Ithink it has been very well accepted in the market, allthe products. So from that perspective, 
there s no challenge. 
The next question is from the line of Vaidik Bafna from Monarch Networth Capital Limited. 
Page 6 of 14

‘Vaidik Bafna: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
‘Vaidik Bafna: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Anu Parakh: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Congratulations, Gauray, on these numbers. So my first question would be on - o do you 
believe that due to this Middle East crisis, we had some impact on our revenues and now how 
are things shaping? What do you expect now going forward from you? 
Ithink Q4 did not sce that much of impact because the war had just statted in March, and there 
was ot much impact on prices also, it started happening in the latter half 
of March. But I think, 
yes, Q1 looks a little challenging. So we are trading very cautiously because we have been 
impacted. I think most companics have been impacted by all sides, whether its rising raw 
material prices, labor issues, basically rising production costs, overall demand being also a littlc 
subducd. So I think, yes, there are a lot of headwinds at this point of time. 
But we arc hoping that it passes and overall ~ because there has been a lot of escalation in prices, 
about 12% to 20% MRP rises that we have taken across all our product lincs, which we had to 
because of these rising costs. So I think it takes time for the market to kind of understand these 
new prices and be okay with. 
And I think it's a phase that we'll all have to go through. And post that, hopefuly, we -- but we 
are in a strong - we have a good foundation 
to take all these shocks or take any impact at this 
point of time. We are well positioned. So I think when the opportunity comes, we'll be there to 
grab that as well. 
Okay. And second question is on the writing instruments front. Can you quantify that how much 
revenue would be from our -- the acquisition, which we did out of the INR128 crores? 
So we do not give out these mumbers scparately. This is basically together. This is more for our 
confidentiality within the company. At a later stage if you - I can have it answered on a onc-on- 
one session. But I think overall, what we expect from the writing instrument category is a 
INRS500 crores plus next year kind of revenmie, which currently stood at about INR368 crores for 
this year. 
So it will ramp up very quickly with the new acquisition, of course, it opens up a lot of other 
spaces for us because Cello being Cello as a brand is very, very strong in the stationery market, 
though the revenues have not - donit look like at this point of time. But eventually, the brand 
oquity is still extremely strong and we are trying to cash on that for the next year. 
The next question is from the line of Anu Parakh from Anand Rathi. 
So my first question is what would be our guidance for revenue growth and EBITDA margin for 
FY27? 
Right. So T think for us, revenue, we are looking at about 10% to 12% revenue growth going 
abhead. Yes, but there are, of course, having said that, there are current challenges that we are 
facing currently because of this crisis. So that number could change a little bit as the year 
progresses. Also, in terms of our margins, we are trying 
to scale up to about 2% to 2.5% more 
EBITDA margins than we currently have. That is by far because of the stecl ware and the 
glassware units because glassware still hasn't started giving any margin, though it is breaking 
even. 
Page 7 of 14

Anu Parakh: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Anu Parakh: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Anu Parakh: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
And on the steel side as we ramp up, we should see better margins. Having said all of this, it all 
depends on also how things evolve over this quarter and the next quarter because pricing 
pressurcs are of course there. As I said, because demand has been subdued plus there has been 
a very high sharp increase in cost. 
So partly, most of it is -~ we are trying to pass it on, but we could take short-term shocks, maybe 
alitle bitto maintain demand or make sure thatat least we are selling in line with what we were 
doing last year. So I think that pressure will remain, but I think overall we still look a 10% to 
12% over the year. 
Okay. And sir, what was the reason for sharp gross margin compression in consumerware and 
writing instruments in Q4 And what is the guidance for FY27 for both the segments? 
So consumerware, as I said, mainly glassware. So the revenues of glassware grew, but it grew 
without any profits. So that was reason number one. Reason number 2 is the steel ware, which 
we were buying from China before and then we had to switch to OEMs, which was — it was 
more expensive to buy from them, but we couldn't increase our selling prices. So our margin 
compressed in both - in steel ware as well up to the tunc of about 5% to 6%. 
So that was the major impact of consumerware. Also, our overall ~ in the Appliances segment, 
we started doing very well, and we grew pretty well the last year, but appliances is a slightly 
lower-margin product line. So again, the produet mix also kind of got the margins down a litile 
bit. Plus, there was litfle selling pressure. 
There were some discounts that were being passed last year to maintain demand. But I think 
coming to this year, I think it should be a lot better. Steel ware as it ramps up and glassware as 
it starts becoming more profitable, we should sce improvement about 2.5%, 3% EBITDA 
‘margins in the consumerware category. In the writing instruments category, we had just bought 
Cello pens. So it was actually a loss-making business prior 
to this. 
And now that we have taken it over, it sillis not a very profitable business at this point of time 
because of the product mix. And as we arc changing the product mix, the profits will be in line 
with what we were - we used to do Unomax. So that will take a couple of quarters to come 
back, but we are very confident that we'll get it back to the numbers as what we achicve in 
‘Unomax. 
And sir what should be the peak revenue from all the stainless steel bottle lincs put together? 
And by when are we expecting it to be achieved? 
So the peak revenue of our current capacity is about INR300-0dd crores, though we'll contimue 
to do some OEMs. And also this is now -- this was a greenticld project. But going forward, we 
can keep adding lines as and how our revenues increase. So 
I think going forward, increasing 
revenue will not be a challenge because it only s a couple of months process to sct up a new 
line. So I think peak capacity as of today’s capacity is about INR300 crores. 
And sir, by when can we expect it to be achieved? 
Page 8 of 14

Gaurav Rathod: 
Anu Parakh: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Anu Parakh: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Umang Mehta: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Umang Mehta: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
This will start being fully achicved from July onwards. So from July onwards, you will see full 
production. 
Okay. And sir, what kind of reduction in debtor days are we looking at in FY27 and over the 
medium-term period? 
I think it's always been our - we have always tried to work on this side of things, though the 
market bas not always helped. But we are wishing to have about 10 to 15 days lesser than what 
we are at today, which we arc confident that we'll be able to achicve over this financial year. 
And so that is a sweet spot for us. That has been our historical debtor days as well and we arc 
quite okay with that because that kind of helps us in multiple ways when it comes to margins or 
being more present and more accessible in the market. So I think for us, that's the sweet spot. 
And sir, 1 last question. Our refurn ratio profile is getting depressed because of the excess cash 
in book. So how are we planning to tilize the surplus cash? 
So currently, there is - we've always also looked at inorganic ways to grow. One example was 
Cello pen. So we were always open to newer acquisition possibilitics if they are available at a 
good value. So Ithink that is why we are preserving some cash in the company, though it might 
be temporarily kind of affecting our return ratios. 
The next question is from the line of Umang Mehta from Kotak Sccuritics. 
My first question was on your guidance of 10% to 12%. Given that you've taken MRP hikes of 
12% to 20%, and steel ware is looking to scale up to F 25 levels, which was around INR300 
crores and Im assuming glassware also will scale up, right, the plant is at 60% utlization right 
now. So istit the top line guidance a bit conservative? 
[ understand on margin front, it might be 
difficult to call at this point, but just wanted to check on top line growth. 
So I think top line with the current situation, the volume growth might be lower for this month. 
The value growth you're completely absolutely right that in value terms, we will get growth, but 
in terms of volumes could be subdued for this year. As we look forward, things could improve. 
T hope they do, but currently, they don't look very good because of this entire prices and the 
subducd demand. So I think taking - factoring that in, that is my guidance for this year. If it 
improves, it is fantastic. That's what we're looking at. 
Secondly, also, currently, the prices have been clevated, but as we go throughout the year, there 
could be some correction in raw material prices and crude oil prices also, which would - which, 
again, we'll have to pass on. So this might not be a full year phenomenon. It could be 5 months, 
6 months kind of a phenomenon with higher prices and then more to fresh prices. So I don't 
Lknow exactly -- I cannot anticipate that today. And that is why just taking a complete value 
increase of, say, 12% to 20% might not be for the full year. 
Understood. Makes sense. And the second question was on writing instruments. You mentioned 
that the mix was driver behind the gross margin contraction. Is it that the salicnce of INR10 in 
Cello branded sales is much higher than what it is in Unomax? And if that mix remains how it 
is, then how would the gross margins improve in F 272 Any thoughts would be really helpful. 
Page 9 of 14

Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Ithink with Cello pen, its not - that's not the concern. The concern s the cost. Basically, because 
today, its pretty much we have started back. We were left with a very bad P&L to begin with. 
But basically, a lot of costs have been  there arc higher costs that we are trying to cut down -- 
and that has what has impacted GP margins and our net margins in the Cello category that dossn't 
mean that the salience of the INR10 will stay. Cello pens have been selling INR15, INR20 pens 
also. So 
I think that's not the challenge. The challenge will be as we grow this business and as 
we achieve volume over the years, the margins will improve in this category. 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Rupani from Investec. 
So actually, I joined in late, so pardon me if I repeat the question. So first question is related 
to 
Opalware and glassware utilization. So what was owr utilization in Q4? And whatare we running 
at -- operating at right now? 
So Opalware we are at 85%. Glassware, we are still at about 60%. So we operate at the same 
range that we were in the last quarter result. 
Okay. The second question on Opalware. So how are we looking at market growth? Also, if you 
can speak more on competition and incremental capex plans that we have over here. 
So I think for us, we have limited capacities now left, and our target is to basically just exhaust 
that currently. There has been new competition which has come in about 6-0dd months back. So 
we arc secing how that shapes up as well and in the future, of course, we will look at expansion 
post everything settles, and there is no crazy price wars. And then we can take 
a call of 
expansion. 
Do we have any place at our existing facility to expand brownficld expansion or we will need a 
ercenfield expansion altogether? 
Now we need a greenfield, Our current capacity - after this, 
we will not have space at our current 
location. So we will have space, of course, at a new hub in Rajasthan. So that's where we look 
at expanding. 
Okay. And just extending this question further. So given there is intense competition going on 
in this Opalware category, also margins are higher in this category, right? So in case of 
increasing competition going ahead, so what would be our preference would be. We will be 
focusing more on margins? We will be focusing more on volume growth or market share? So 
what is our thought process over here? 
Ithink a lttle bit of both. The good part is that we have very limited capacity lft. So we are not 
in a hurry to scll ou today. So that docsn't put a lot of pressurc on us when it comes to sales 
volume, but we still have to be cautious and not let lose market share, which we will, of course, 
tryand maintain. 
Fair cnough, sir. Sir, next is on glassware. So what steps do we need to take to make it more 
profitable from here on. 
I understand you need more utilizations. But is it that we nced more 
SKUs or we have to pick our pricing in the market? So how should one understand this category? 
Page 10 of 14

Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
I think this is a very utilization-focused category. And a lot of dumping from China has not 
all in the last 1, 1.5 years. But I think overall, it has a very bright future because 
we arc the first ones to o this in India. And in terms of SKUs, we have a very good mix. Of 
helped us ov 
course, we keep introducing newer products and some products become like hero products. And 
we have a few today, and welll create more as well and I think as we increase utilization, 
everything will just gencrate into profit. So the profitability potential of this plant is very, very 
huge. 
Tust that itis a little painful to start with. That's how glass plants are. But it's a 10-year furnace. 
‘We have not even completed 2 years. It's justbeena year. So I think we have a lot of good things 
to look forward 
to. It's just that it is taking a little time for the utilization levels to go up. But 
I 
think with the rising dollar, that should help us a little bit. 
Okay. And sir, what would be our peak revenue and peak EBITDA margins from this category 
once we reach optimal utilization? 
I think we're looking at about INR300 crores of peak revenue from glassware and our peak 
‘would be about 28% to 30% EBITDA margins. 
Fair cnough. 
I have more questions if we can go ahead or if that is okay. 
Yes, sure. 
Sir, on stationery, so we entered into an agreement with Cello -~ for Cello brand of writing 
instrument in Q3. So just trying to understand, as per the agreement, what was the last date of 
an carlier owner of Cello brand was allowed 
to sell or manufacture the product? Did they stop 
selling or manufacturing the product right from the date we cntered the agreement? Or was there 
any sort of deadline that beyond this date they worlt be able to manufacture? 
This deal happened in November of 2025. And I think by December, we were pretty much -~ we 
bad full control. So it is December, that's what I trying to say. 
Fair cnough, okay. And last question on working capital. So we had mentioned about reducing 
our reccivable days going ahead. But can you please specify what steps arc we taking 
incrementally to reduce it and at what level are we comfortable? 
Sure. So I think most of -- some of our receivable days have - is looking a litle bad because of 
a couple of institutional government orders, government tenders that we have taken, though - 
and this is a typical city with the government order, it was anticipated already. That is why it 
looks a litle stretched. Second, in terms of what measures is that we are trying to make sure that 
the channel inventory checks are done better. We're also trying to help our distributor liquidate 
stock, if there is anything that some of them carry or excess inventory if they arc carrying and 
also rationalization of products. 
So I think the lesser products they carry, the lesser inventory they have to carry overall. So all 3 
put together, I think it really help us. Its slowly helping us. It is a little slow process. It doesn't 
happen overnight. But our target is about 15-0dd days less - less than 100 days is what we arc 
Page 11 of 14

Bhavin Rupani: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Sumant: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Sumant: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
targeting. And I think that is a sweet spot that is where we have always been okay with because 
historically also that has been a number, which has gone up in the last 1, 1.5 years. 
Right. Sir when you say we're trying to help distributors help liquidate. So does it mean that we 
will be providing them incremental incentive schemes or any support? 
So one is, of course, kind of push it more aggressively in the market. And sccond s if there is 
any very, very difficult material that is not moving at all, then maybe help them with a little bit 
of a discount, but that is very, very limited. I¢s - the amount is extremely small. 
The next question is from the line of Sushant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Yes. Sumant here not Sushant. So my question is for the inventory, how is the inventory in the 
channel currently? 
Ithink channel inventory currently, it should be better already because you had a very high price 
rise. So a lot of the older inventory started getting sold up faster. So I think today, it looks better 
than I think March as well and it should be - I think this quarter should be much better in terms 
of the channel inventory I'm talking about. 
Okay. So on anticipation of, say, in the recent month, the price has increased, so channel has 
bought more inventory currently? Or now they arc buying cautiously? 
Channel has been cautious. As I mentioned that right now because of this whole situation and 
price rises arc pretty steep. So the channel is buying it cautiously as and when needed, they are 
buying inventory. Of course, and that is why I said it a little subducd at this point of time, But 
as we are sceing that amount is picking up every day. So that means that the channl inventory 
is also getting lower and lower. 
The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Ijust want to understand your stationery business. Withall the restructuring going on, what kind 
of revenue contribution you actually would envisage the year-end? And sccond on the stationery 
business [ want to understand the seasonality of the business. And the third, what is the mix of 
the INR10 price point in your stationery? And what do you — how do you intend to expand the 
range in terms of new products as well as exports in Stage 3? 
Ithink for us as Imentioned carlier that our target for the next financial year 27 is about INR500- 
crores plus revemue potential for the entire segment. The INR10 segment, we have already 
expanded our range into the INR12 and the INR15 and the INR20 price points. So we are not 
heavily dependent on the INR10 segment. 
And also export-wise, exports, of course, have been helpful in the sense that they've given better 
margins, and that will continue to happen for the - over the next - course of the next year as 
well. And that should also help offsct some of the stecp price increascs. Other than that, I think 
what we are also focusing on is expanding some of the other categories like markers and sketch 
pens and crayons. 
Page 12 of 14

Lakshminarayanan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
And I think some of the other stationery items. So I think as we expand into these things, the 
revenue potential from them will keep coming in. And with the brand Cello I think we are more 
confident of scaling this up a lttle faster than we were in Unomax. 
And how scasonal is the business for us? 
Scasonal, your back-to-school is your biggest quarter, basically, which is the first quarter and 
the last quarter does better. So your Jan, Feb, March till June end s very, very good, and then it 
takes a slight dip. So the next 2 quarters arc a little less - it's almost like a 1.5% happens in the 
lnst quarter and the first quarter. And then the others, yes, then the rest of the year s slightly 
lesser. 
And since the RM prices arc increasing or have alrcady increased, how are you looking at it? 
Because this industry is slightly more price driven or price point driven. How are you looking at 
it in terms of ROCE and sustainable margins and working capital? 
Right. So I think in terms of raw material increase, we have been able to pass it on to most of 
the - to the customer. Also, what happens during these times is a lot of unorganized players 
kind of arc unable to produce because they are — prices arc - price also goes up and they arc 
umnable to pass on most of those price increases. So that kind of helps us somewhere. So that is 
why branded players have a better say during these times, and I think that is what has happencd. 
And most of the price increases we have been able to pass on in most of our categorics. 
The next question is from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: from RK Invests. 
Can you hear me? 
Yes. Ican. 
Sir, just 2 questions. So the first one s you kind of mentioned 
that the Q1 will be soft. So is it 
more due to scasonality you're sceing? Or it is also due to whatever the headwinds you're 
currently seeing? 
Can you repeat? 
In your outlook, you said the current Q1 will be soft. So is it more due to the scasonality factor 
or the combination of seasonality and the headwinds that you are currently sceing? 
No, no, it's not seasonality. It's mostly the current crisis that we're going through. 
Okay. And what makes you to fecl that the things will look after Q2 onwards? 
I don't really know if things will look up. I hope things will be better. I don't know what the 
political leaders of the world will do. But Im hoping that because I believe that we have hit the 
peak in terms of raw material prices and other costs. So I believe that it should go down from 
here rather than go up. 
Page 13 of 14

Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Gaurav Rathod: 
Moderator: 
Cello World Limited 
May 29, 2026 
Got it. And when do you ~ 
I mean we used to make 25% margins about a couple of years back. 
So what needs to happen for those margins Cello to sce again? 
So Ithink 2 factors which have been majorly -- which have majorly been the cause of the decline 
is because of the glassware because we have scaled up revenues, but there is no profit currently 
there. And steel ware because we lost about 5% to 6% margin due to wavailability and also due 
to higher trading prices that we were buying from other OEM manufacturers in India. So as we 
scale up both the production facilitics, about 2%, 2.5% of margins will return from them. Plus 
as we scale up Cello pens in the stationery category, another percentage point will 
be added from 
there. So I belicve this is what needs to happen for us to get back to those 26% kind of numbers. 
Okay. So it's not -~ no longer ~ if's not an aspiration number. So it's something that is kind of 
achicvable. Is that what you say? 
Itis definitely achievable, of course, and ifthe demand environment also stays good, then I don't 
sce any reason why it's not achicvable. 
Okay. Got it, sir. Last question is you have got enough - a lot of cash on the balance sheet. So 
given that you have a lot of capacity already built up. So any plans for this cash? 
Ithink a lot of this cash we are preserving also because we also look at inorganic opportunities 
like what we did with Cello pens. So we are always looking out for such opportunitics, and we 
want to -- though currently, it shows our ROCESs or other return ratios as a little low. But I think 
in the long term, it s good for us to hold this cash for any such opportunitics that are coming up. 
So I think we look at it from that perspective. 
Okay. So sorry to labor on this. So it seems you said you akready have cnough capacity. So these 
inorganic opportunities, we'll be looking at — clicnts completely different from what you're 
currently doing? Is that what you're saying? 
Tt will be adjacent segment. So it will be something that has synergies with our current businesses 
or there s, say, distribution synergy or there is a manufacturing synergy. So we're always looking 
at that kind of an opportunity. 
Okay. And o plans to use this cash for doing any buyback given your depressed share prices? 
Buyback, nothing. No buyback at this point of time, no. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of the day. And Iwould now like 
to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Everyone, thank you so much for joining in for today's call, and I hope things get better in the 
world, and we'll have good quarters in the future. Thank you so much. 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconneet your lines. 
Page 14 of 14
