 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No.C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
NSE Symbol : SHRIPISTON 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400001 
 
BSE Scrip code : 544344 
Sub: Transcripts of the “Earnings Conference Call” - Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI 
Listing Regulations") 
 
Dear Madam/Sir, 
With reference to the captioned matter and in furtherance to our earlier intimation letters dated 
May 5, 2026, May 11, 2026 and May 12, 2026 regarding the schedule, investor presentation, press 
release and Audio Recordings of the “Earnings Conference Call” of SPR Auto Technologies 
Limited (formerly Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited) (‘Company’) and in compliance with Regulation 
30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please 
find enclosed the transcripts of the “Earnings Conference Call” on the Audited Financial Results 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, held on Tuesday, May 12, 2026 at 4:00 p.m. (IST). 
The above information is also available on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
https://shrirampistons.com/investor-information/investors-call-transcripts-audio-
recordings/transcripts/. 
Kindly take the above information on record and treat this as compliance with SEBI Listing 
Regulations. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SPR Auto Technologies Limited 
(formerly Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited) 
 
 
 
 
(Pankaj Gupta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Pankaj 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Pankaj Gupta 
Date: 2026.05.15 
16:29:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited 
(formerly Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited) 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 12, 2026 
 
                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KRISHNAKUMAR SRINIVASAN – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 
MR. PREM RATHI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. PANKAJ GUPTA – DEPUTY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
HEAD, LEGAL & COMPANY SECRETARY  

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SPR Auto Technologies Limited 
(formerly Shriram Pistons & Rings Limited) Q4 and Full Year FY26 Earnings Call. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Today from the management, we have Mr. Krishnakumar Srinivasan, Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Prem Rathi, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Pankaj Gupta, Deputy Executive Director, Head, Legal and Company Secretary. 
 
Before we begin, let me remind you that this discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It may 
be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause future results, performance 
or achievements to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar for his opening remarks, post which we 
will open the floor for an interactive question-and-answer session. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Our apologies, the line got disconnected at the time when the transfer was taking place. So, 
first and foremost, good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our first ever 
earnings call after changing the company's name to SPR Auto Technologies Limited. We 
sincerely thank all of you who are present here today and for your continued support 
throughout the year. 
 
FY26 was truly a landmark year for SPR Auto Technologies Limited. Our performance in 
FY26 was exceptional with record consolidated total income of INR 4,571 crores, growing by 
25% year-over-year and highest ever EBITDA at INR 989 crores, growing by around 18% 
year-over-year. 
 
This strong financial performance was driven by the company's strategic endeavours and 
reflect the strength of our business model, the resilience of our core operations and the benefits 
of our continued focus on execution. All the strategic initiatives that the company has taken in 
the past few years are yielding good results on a sustainable basis. 
 
This growth was also well supported by a strong recovery in automotive demand, especially in 
the second half of the year, reflecting the industry's highest sales across all segments despite 
the geopolitical tensions in the tail end of the year. 
 
This momentum was supported by favourable macroeconomic factors domestically, including 
the introduction of GST 2.0, income tax reforms and  reduced financing costs. During the year, 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
we have achieved several key milestones that have significantly strengthened our leadership 
position in the auto components industry and further aided to the foundation of sustained 
growth. 
 
Our transition to SPR Auto Technologies Limited marks a significant milestone in our journey 
towards becoming a multiproduct, multi-domain auto component supplier in the industry. This 
new identity reflects our broader strategic vision to build a future-ready technology-led 
business franchise. As the mobility ecosystem evolves, we remain focused on strengthening 
our core businesses, while selectively expanding into adjacent and technology-led 
opportunities that support sustainable long-term growth. 
 
A highlight of the year was our strategic expansion into the automotive interiors and lighting 
segment through the successful acquisition of three Indian entities of the Antolin Group. This 
acquisition not only diversifies our portfolio but also enhances our capabilities in high-growth 
technology-driven areas. 
 
The acquired businesses have already demonstrated strong performance, validating the 
strategic rationale behind this acquisition. In addition to this, we acquired Karna Intertech at 
the beginning of the year to strengthen our tool manufacturing capabilities, thereby supporting 
the growth programs within the group. 
 
We are actively integrating these businesses with our existing processes to unlock synergies 
and operational efficiencies that will drive further value creation. We remain committed to 
continuing our investments to grow and diversify into a multiproduct domain. Our strategy is 
to build a broad-based automotive technology platform that spans various product lines and 
powertrain technologies. 
 
This diversification positions us to capture emerging opportunities across the evolving 
mobility landscape. During the year, we have invested close to INR 200 crores in capacity 
expansion across various business lines, reinforcing our commitment to scaling our operations 
and meeting the growing market demands. 
 
Further, to take care of increasing demand from our customers, SPR Takahata is in the process 
of setting up a new manufacturing facility at Neemrana. And SPR TGPEL is also increasing its 
capacities at its Noida plant. We have also started the Phase 3 expansion at our SPL Pithampur 
plant apart from the capacity expansions being done at Ghaziabad and Pathredi. 
 
The commissioning of the Sunbeam acquired assets are also progressing well, thereby 
improving our capacity on pistons. All these capacity expansions will only help us in further 
strengthening our positions with our customers and also meeting their requirements in a 
seamless manner. 
 
All our businesses, the legacy business, interior and lighting solutions, the high-precision 
injection molded parts and EV motors and controllers are performing well and are steadily 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
improving in terms of profitability. This reflects our focus on operational excellence, cost 
optimization and value creation across the portfolio. 
 
Notably, powertrain agnostic businesses contributed around 35% of our consolidated total 
income during the quarter, underscoring our diversified and future-ready portfolio. 
Furthermore, on account of our multi-market and multiproduct presence, nearly 60% of our 
business is now not directly impacted by powertrain impacts. This is an important 
development for us because it reflects the success of our diversification strategy and the 
strength of our multi-technology approach. 
 
We are confident that this positive trajectory will continue as we leverage our strengths and 
scale our operations. There are significant opportunities for synergies across the group, and we 
are leveraging each other's strengths to enhance the efficiency, innovation and market reach. 
This collaborative approach is a key driver of our integrated growth strategy and will unlock 
further value for the company and its stakeholders. 
 
To further support our growth ambitions, we continue to invest in new technologies and 
capacity expansion. These investments are critical to maintaining our competitive edge and 
meeting the increasing demand for advanced automotive components and solutions. Our 
commitment to innovation and capacity building remains unwavering. 
 
We are also focusing on developing new product lines across all our businesses. This proactive 
approach ensures that we stay ahead of the market trends and customer requirements and 
thereby enabling us to offer very differentiated and future-ready solutions. 
 
At SPR Auto Technologies, sustainability is integral to our long-term growth strategy and to 
the manner in which we create enduring value for all our stakeholders. The company's ESG 
journey continues to gain strong external validation. We have invested proactively in 
renewable energy through solar power, reinforcing our commitment to reducing environmental 
impact. 
 
During the year, our climate and water disclosures were awarded a CDP B rating for 2025, and 
our greenhouse gas emissions were independently assured in line with ISO 17029, 
underscoring the credibility of our sustainability data. 
 
We also achieved a bronze medal from EcoVadis, reflecting an improvement in our 
sustainability ranking and positioning us amongst the top  25% globally. We also received the 
ESG rating of two, the highest rating in India from Dun & Bradstreet, which also recognized 
us among the top ESG performing companies. 
 
Further strengthening our credentials, we are TÜV certified, received the Excellence in ESG 
Award Gold Award 2025 from ACMA and were recognized by CII for significant 
achievement in corporate sustainability. Taken together, these milestones clearly demonstrate 
that the company is taking the right, consistent, and well-governed steps towards long-term 
sustainable value creation. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
We also remain committed to rewarding our shareholders. In addition to the interim dividend 
of INR5 per share already paid in February 2026, the Board has recommended a final dividend 
of INR5 per share, subject to shareholders' approval in ensuing AGM. This reflects our 
confidence in the company's strong financial position and our commitment to delivering the 
shareholder value. 
 
Looking ahead, we will continue to pursue a disciplined execution, strategic investments and a 
sharper operational focus. We are confident that SPR Auto Technologies Limited is now well 
positioned to capitalize on the next phase of growth in the automotive ecosystem, delivering 
value to our stakeholders and driving innovation in the industry. Thank you once again for 
your continued support, and I look forward to answering your questions. I now request the 
moderator to open the floor for questions. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Ram Seshan from Avendus Spark. 
Ram Seshan: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Two questions. First on the subsidiary side of things. Just 
on Antolin, would be keen to understand the details on the current product mix between 
headliners and other ambient lighting products. And also, would you like to call out revenue 
and margins for the three major subsidiaries, Antolin, TGPEL and Takahata for the quarter? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Antolin as you are aware, we acquired them on 8th Jan 2026 and then post that for one quarter, 
we have already seen the results. Results have been quite encouraging.  I have personally 
visited to all the customers along with their teams, and we have got excellent contacts with all 
the customers, and we have been working on various programs for the customers. 
 
Basically, as you know that we are into headliners, plastic trims, door panels, sun visors and 
we also supply all the lighting solutions, the interior lighting as well as touch panels and  we 
don't normally give the mix amongst these product portfolios that we have in Antolin. 
 
But we can say that we are well represented in almost all the companies that you can think of 
in the country, and we are representing them for all the product lines. And I'm happy to state 
that the new programs that they are presently working on for all the new models that the 
customers are looking at looks also very exciting and healthy. 
Ram Seshan: 
Any update or probably would you want to call out what would be the revenue and margin for 
the three subsidiaries in the fourth quarter? Antolin, TGPEL Takahata just broad numbers. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Normally, we don't give that breakup, but I can tell you that it is in the 20s. And certainly, 
amongst all the companies, we are having similar kind of benchmarks in terms of the targets 
for our overall profitability targets. And I'm happy to state that post our takeover, even Antolin 
has started showing some good improvements, and we are confident that we will improve the 
margins. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
And this will all come from various synergies that we are planning within the group. And we 
expect that with all the actions that we are taking, the group profitability will be maintained at 
more or less the kind of levels that the stand-alone company is maintaining. 
Ram Seshan: 
That's very helpful. The second question was on the standalone operations. Could you give us 
probably a broad mix between the PVs, CVs, 2-wheelers and non-autos? And what would you 
like to call out any special areas of growth in the next couple of years in the stand-alone 
business? Where do you see traction from here on? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Our legacy business also has done exceedingly well last year. And as you know, there was a 
fantastic growth post the GST 2.0 that was announced sometime in October. And post that, we 
have actually had a very healthy domestic requirement coming from almost all our customers. 
Overall growth has been in the region of around 10% - 11%. And if you really see the growth 
has come across all segments, whether it is 2-wheelers, 3-wheelers, tractors, even standalone 
gensets and also all the commercial vehicles. 
 
So, frankly, it has been a very healthy growth story. Normally, otherwise, we do have a mix of 
one segment going down and the other segment doing well. But luckily, this time, all the 
segments have actually fired on all guns. So, it has really helped us to improve our sales on the 
OE side. 
Ram Seshan: 
With respect to outlook over the next 2 years, sir, any special areas of growth you would want 
to call out? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So basically, we observed that almost all our customers are working on multiple hybrid 
platforms. And we are present with them in multiple programs where we are supporting them 
for completely redesigning the engine because for a hybrid, the engine is redesigned 
completely. 
 
And in many cases, it is with turbocharger and some without turbocharger applications and all 
that requires a different kind of solution. And we are happy to state that we are working on 
programs which are going to see the light of the day maybe in 2029, 2030. So, as I see it, we 
have a very healthy pipeline. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global. 
Chirag Jain: 
Congratulations for the new identity. Sir, a couple of questions. One, in terms of the outlook, 
you mentioned that it is quite healthy. Can we discuss about any potential impact of 
commodity or FX or maybe energy costs going up and probably even labour shortages that has 
been happening in the industry? Would that have an impact in terms of our performance over 
the next few quarters? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, as is known in the industry now, with the current geopolitical situation existing in the 
Middle East, there is an impact on commodities. Commodity prices have been rising up right 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
from the last quarter. And we have seen that aluminium prices have gone as high as 40% 
higher than the base rate that was existing at that point in time. 
 
And most of the other areas also, commodities have increased, whether it's elements or 
whatever is used for alloying on the aluminium side. And then on the energy also, we see a 
situation where the energy prices have been maintained in the country, and we hope that it will 
continue to maintain, but we did have some issues with regards to LPG supplies and other 
things, which has been normalized at this stage now. So, we do not see any major issue coming 
out of the energy side. 
 
And as far as labour is concerned, we did have the impacts coming out of the labour issue that 
started in Noida and in Haryana. And then post that. But however, we are happy to state that 
our organization was not affected by that, and we were able to maintain because we have 
always been paying much higher than the minimum basis. So from that standpoint, we did not 
have any issue with the labour. 
 
So overall, I would say that commodity prices did have an impact, but we are back-to-back 
covered from our commodity standpoint with our customers because 100% of the commodity 
changes are backed up by the customers, and we go back to our customers and claim. But of 
course, we do have a gap of quarter's delay that happens because of the formula that we 
normally use because in the pipeline, we expect all the stocks and other things to remain. And 
there is always that small gap that is always there. 
Chirag Jain: 
Understood. So by and large, energy and labour is not a major issue and commodity, even 
though it has gone up, but it's a pass-through for us as per the arrangements that we have with 
the OEMs. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: That's right. 
Chirag Jain: 
Okay. And also, in terms of expansion, you mentioned most of your businesses are going 
through expansion, be it Takahata or TGPEL. Can you elaborate in terms of what could be the 
extent of expansion that we are doing? Is it like we are adding 30% or 50% of the revenue 
potential that we have as of now? That would be quite helpful. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. Individual businesses have individual needs. For example, you might have heard that in 
2-wheeler, the anti-skid braking system has become a necessity. As a result of which there is a 
renewed demand in terms of technology from the brake manufacturers who are actually 
providing these kinds of systems where a new item has to be injection molded with a very, 
very specific technology. 
 
The new businesses have been won by our plastics division. And similarly, there are many 
such small components which have to be developed primarily because of the change in 
technology that is required by our customers. So, we have been lucky enough to say that we 
have got recognized by our customers for the technology footprint that we bring to the table 
and that we are able to support their requirements very seamlessly. That's point number one. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
Now from our legacy business, I already explained the previous question that we are working 
on multiple programs for hybrids as well as there are also a lot of requirements with regards to 
some of the engine change that is happening because of the customers having realized that all 
this powertrain technology will coexist for some time. And because of that, there is a renewed 
focus on increased supplies and increased solutions, which we are providing to our customers.  
And thirdly, from our interiors business, I think there are multiple programs on which we are 
working, including also we are trying to bring in some new technologies on the table to the 
customers and a lot of discussions going on, on those fronts. 
 
In our business for the plastic injection molding, we are now almost decided that we'll have to 
go in for an expansion in Takahata, Neemrana factory, where we'll be putting up another Phase 
3 expansion that we have to plan primarily to meet the increased demands for plastic precision 
injection products. So, these are the number of activities that are going on, and I think it's a 
very exciting time ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
And just lastly, in terms of Antolin, would you like to give any number in terms of the margin 
aspiration over the next, let's say, 2, 3 years, what kind of margins that we can aspire for? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think I mentioned it in the previous question that I expect all my businesses to be performing 
if not better, but at least close to our margins that we perform in the stand-alone company. 
Thought it's not possible to reach that kind of a level overnight, but we are working on a 
number of synergies and possibilities to see if we are able to come to those levels of this thing.  
Chirag Jain: 
Yes, yes. So, this aspiration is obviously individual business is moving towards standalone 
profitability. I thought the overall subsidiary performance moving towards standalone. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. All the subsidiaries are more or less our other subsidiaries are already there, except 
motors, controllers and the interiors business. Motors controller is a new start-up, as you 
already know. But even then, that organization stand-alone has been now EBITDA positive 
and is really growing very well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
For the Antolin business, can you quantify how much were the three entities on a combined 
basis prior to your acquisition paying royalty or technical fees to their parent? And also, are we 
paying any such fees to get access to the technology post the acquisition? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes, Gokul ji, I think I answered this question in the previous call, but on the technology side, 
we have signed a TLA, TCA as we call it, Technology Agreement, which is giving us a 
seamless access to all the technologies that are there within Antolin for a nominal royalty 
payment that we'll be paying. Otherwise, most of the technologies are available to us from a 
standpoint of the usage with the customers. And very clearly for an identified area of India. 
 
And we  from a requirement of an EBITDA standpoint,  as you already know, they were 
between 9% or 10% EBITDA, which we are expecting it to start improving once we bring in 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
all the synergy activities that we are bringing in. We already see the improvement in the first 
quarter, and it has started coming to very healthy levels. So, thank you very much. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
But is this what we are paying is lower than what the Antolin has in the previous paying to 
their parent? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Those details we don't give normally, but it is in line with whatever is there in the market 
requirements, in terms of normal technology fees that we paid for all the others. We have got 5 
technology partners, as you know. And with all of them, whatever kind of technology fees we 
pay is more or less in line with that. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Secondly, just on the capital allocation, KK, sir, if you could just elaborate the reason for 
doing a QIP because I understand that your net debt is around INR750-odd crores or so, but 
that is around 0.25 debt-equity, which is not much. So, what is the reason for raising INR1,000 
crores or plans to raise INR1,000 crores for QIP more? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. The QIP is not being raised for repaying the loan. As you know  we are already operating 
on a low debt equity ratio. But we are still hungry to grow our business, and we are still hungry 
to look at other options. And there are some interesting options available that we are working 
on. 
 
Nothing has been formalized. So, for growth, both in the areas of our internal growth as well 
as all the other growth through acquisition, we will continue to be hungry and looking out for 
options. So that is why it is necessary for us to look at options of raising funds. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha from Motilal Oswal. 
Radha: 
So, my first question is, sir, headliners contribute the largest portion of revenue for Antolin 
India, where the company, along with Krishna Maruti is already holding a very large 75% 
market share. So, given the high market share and limited aftermarket and export opportunity 
in the segment, what do you see as the key growth drivers for the industry outperformance 
going forward? Would the focus be more on scaling up other product categories within 
Antolin? Or is there a play on premiumization or any other growth plans if you can highlight, 
sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, what happens is in Antolin, headliners classically have been the leading product, as 
you rightly said. But over a period of time now, we have a good mix of headliners, plastic 
trims, plastic components, door trims and also interior lighting along with sun visors. So, we 
have a fairly good mix amongst all the product line. And I must say that the growth is coming 
across all segments with our customers. 
 
And luckily for this, this is an animal where or rather I should say that headliner also is an 
animal which actually continuously undergoes change as the vehicle changes. So, any new 
model, it has to have a different headliner. And for any kind of different applications with 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
sunroof, without sunroof, et cetera, also the headliner keeps changing. As a result, the number 
of variants and number of requirements also goes up with every new model. 
 
So, we are working on a number of new platforms, and it's a very busy time as far as Antolin is 
concerned in terms of the newer growth into multiple models across the country. So, there is 
going to be continuous growth, and we expect that we will continue to grow on all the product 
lines that we have within Antolin. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. And second question is, sir, in previous calls, you had highlighted that the 
total addressable market for the automotive segment of TGPEL and Takahata business is 
somewhere about INR 3,500, where you had highlighted that the company's aim is to reach 
20% to 30% market share. 
 
So, what are the levers for gaining market share in this competitive business? And secondly, 
by expanding your presence in industrial and medical components, how will this INR3,500 
crores TAM increase? And how much market share are you expecting in this non-automotive 
segment? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So basically, what happens is this precision auto component industry is also undergoing a 
lot of change. And people realize that there's a huge amount of technology that is required for 
some of the newer areas like I just said in the previous question that for the 2-wheeler, just for 
the anti-skid braking system, we have specific component which goes into the anti-skid 
braking system, which requires a very very different kind of molding technology and very high 
precision technology. 
 
So, this again is a new business that we have won, and it has really helped us to put in our new 
investment that we are planning to put in Takahata. Similarly, even in TGPEL, we are working 
on new areas as far as precision injection molding is concerned. So, the market is continuing to 
evolve. It's not that the market is going to remain static at INR3,500. 
 
My own impression is that this market will continue to evolve as newer technologies are 
demanded by the customers. And precision injection molding components are the ones which 
get immediately affected in terms of the requirements. So as a result, I think with the various 
programs that we are working on, we already see that we are either improving market share or 
improving the volumes. 
 
And as a result, we have to continue to put in investments to grow that. So, we'll continue in 
our Plastics division that way. And going forward, coming to the newer areas of business that 
we have within the plastics portfolio also, we see a lot of possibilities for us to supply within 
the group. 
 
For example, there's a lot of plastics requirements by Antolin, which can be supplied from our 
Plastics division, other plastics division. So, there will be a lot of synergy that we see between 
the various companies, and this will really help us to grow the business equally across all the 
segments within the plastics. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. And sir, last question is, sir, Antolin already operates as a Tier 1 system 
integrator. Now along with TGPEL and Takahata, is there a scope to further deepen this 
integration by combining complementary product capabilities into larger interior solutions for 
OEM? Can this become a key differentiator or a USP for the company and hence, margin 
drivers going forward? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, within Antolin itself, this capability exists today, even within Antolin India. And so we 
call it more as SPR Auto Interior Solutions now. And within this SPR Auto Interior Solutions, 
we are finding that there are multiple possibilities for us to combine not only headliners, but 
along with headliners, a lot of other ancillary components that needs to be delivered to the 
customer. In fact, for many of the customers, we give a very integrated solution with all the 
assemblies done. So, there is a lot of possibilities for us to do it for our many, many other 
customers, and we are working on it continuously. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Preet Pitani from InCred AMC. 
Preet Pitani: 
Congratulation for good set of numbers. Sir, just wanted to ask on QIP front. What, would 
promoter be participating in the QIP? And what is the minimum stake which promoter would 
like to continue in the company? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, in QIPs, promoters cannot participate. So very clearly, they will not be participating. But 
that is fine. Whatever we want to raise, I think, should be possible for us to raise for them. And 
they go by the business needs, and they are completely supportive of growing the business. 
Preet Pitani: 
Sir, is there any minimum stake that promoter would like to have at least in the company or 
something like that? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Not that I know of. Nothing that has been specified. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Punit Gupta from Girik Capital. 
Punit Gupta: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just wanted to ask when do we plan to repay the 
debt we've taken for the Antolin acquisition? And if you could also answer what specific 
segments are looking to break into for M&A? If you could detail that would be helpful. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: So as far as the NCDs are concerned, we have two-time frames. One INR500 crores is for 18 
months and INR500 crores is for 24 months. We plan to repay it on time. So, there is no such 
ideas of prepaying it. And whatever QIPs we are raising, it's all for growth reasons, including 
our internal growth as well as growth by acquisition. 
Punit Gupta: 
Yes, sir. I just wanted to understand which segments do we want to acquire if we want to do 
more auto components, which ones are? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We are looking at various options. Now it will be difficult for me to give that at this stage. But  
most of the options that we are looking at, and you have seen in the past 5, 6 years that we 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
have done acquisitions over the last 6 years, it has always been with technology and in 
technology areas and fairly with a good headroom to grow. 
 
So, it's primarily with that clear option that wherever we see a good possibility for us to 
continue our growth aspect, we want to ensure that it is earning accretive for us overall. And  
based on that, we continue to look at options. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hrushikesh Desai from Motilal Oswal AMC. 
Ali: 
This is Ali from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. Just following up on the question the previous 
participant asked you regarding this growth. You mentioned that this QIP that you are doing is 
for growth. If you could just share some more colour in terms mentioned this is for both 
expansion as well as inorganic. 
 
So, if you can just outline some more details regarding how much you plan to use out of this 
for organic, how much for inorganic? Is this something in more advanced stage and you think 
possibility that this could probably get fructified maybe in the next 1 year? And any more 
details you can share related to that? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. Normally, we don't give these details, because obviously, because you know we also have 
huge competitors, and everybody is tracking us. So, at this stage, it will be very difficult for me 
to give these kinds of details. But rest assured, there are very strong plans. And based on that, 
only we have decided to go in for this QIP. Otherwise, the kind of generation the company has,  
with the kind of debt-equity we are having, it is not required for us to really raise that. 
Ali: 
So, this will be entirely for inorganic, right? Or also, this could be used for any organic large 
expansions? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, we are looking at both. Because overall, we have to see as far as the company still has 
good amount of funds available, the net debt is going to be a much lower figure than the 
INR1000 crores that we have taken as debt from NCDs. So, even I think that, you know, for 
both organic and inorganic, we need for our future growth in the QIP. 
Ali: 
Sure. Second question, sir, is on margin. You mentioned that while your acquisition targets 
that you have recently taken are at much lower margin, close to about 10%, 11% versus your 
stand-alone margin at 20% plus and your aim is to get the subsidiaries also closer to your 
stand-alone margin. So, any road map you can give how much time it should take to achieve 
those targets? Is it probably next 2, 3 years, it could be much longer? And what are the levers 
that you have to improve margins in your subsidiary business? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: It's not that I can give you a clear road map on this because we are working on a number of 
permutations combinations. But one thing I can tell you that with introduction of newer 
technologies with some of the synergies that we are looking at with a lot of in-sourcing that we 
can do for components, there are a lot of possibilities to improve our margins, and we are 
working on that. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
 
And I think the road map is quite clear for us in terms of how we want to achieve it. But it's 
going to take some time to clearly lay it out. It requires a lot of them require customer 
approvals. We have to get it validated from customers. So, all this takes a lot of time. So, we 
can't exactly give you the timeline, but the direction is quite clear. 
Ali: 
Okay. Would this be like a 3-year plan, sir, or it will be longer? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, I expect it to be even lower than 3 years. My demands are lower than 3 years, but then 
we can't say how it will go, but we'll have to look at it how it comes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient Capital. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
Now that it has been like few months that we have acquired the Antolin business. So, can you 
provide a qualitative assessment of what are the areas in which as a parent company, we can 
help them? Will it be like better sourcing to improve gross margin or cost control or new 
customer addition? Some qualitative like perspective will be very helpful. 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: In various areas in almost all the areas. For example, SPR is well known in the industry for the 
last 5 decades. And it's well recognized, well respected amongst all the customers. We have 
excellent relationships with all the OEMs and also with many of the aftermarket customers. 
So, we can help in various activities with regards to growing their sales. And at the same time, 
looking at helping them on various synergy activities across the group since we are in the same 
line of business as a auto component supplier, a lot of things that we can do together. And we 
can also leverage a lot of things from their side because we have an excellent team in Antolin 
India. And I think that they only add a lot of value to the overall group, and we can leverage 
that and we'll be able to really see that we are able to grow together. 
Anubhav Mukherjee: 
And sir, like from the investor presentation, like, we saw that like the exports have been flat 
for us since FY '24. So, can you share some like growth perspective for the exports in the 
coming financial year or over the next 2, 3 years? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. So, it's no big surprise that exports are really in a tough situation with the Ukraine war 
continuing, with the kind of situation that exists in the European region, there's hardly any 
growth. There is, in fact, degrowth. And in terms of the kind of situation that has now started 
because of the Middle East war, so obviously, all this puts a lot of restrictions with regards to 
not only the entire supply chain, but also in the sentimentalities of all our customers with 
regards to procuring goods from various places. 
 
So obviously, there is a lot of issues with regards to the overall export market. But the good 
part is that even though the markets have become tougher, we have been able to more or less 
retain our export business at the same level as last year, even though the market actually went 
down badly. 
 
So that shows the number of new areas that we have been able to enter into, the new product 
lines that we have started and been able to service newer customers whom we have been able 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
to develop. This process is continuing. And I think if everything goes well, we should be able 
to further grow our exports business. It's not that we are going to reduce our exports business. 
You can be rest assured that we continue to grow that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devesh Kayal from Boring AMC. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Sir, you mentioned that we are setting up a new facility at Neemrana and expanding capacity at 
existing Noida plant. So overall, sir, across facilities, what is our capex plan for FY '27? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Last year, as I said, we have invested almost close to INR 200 crores, which will give some 
kind of increased businesses, which we have already taken some a year in advance. And then 
all those businesses starts getting mature over the next 1 or 2 years. So, all the investments that 
we have to do in the automotive business is always the maturity comes after maybe 2 to 3 
years. So, we will continue to invest those kinds of figures with regards to the kind of 
investments that we have to do over the next 2, 3 years. 
Devesh Kayal: 
Okay. So fair to assume we'll do around INR200 crores over the next 2 to 3 years, like every 
year? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: More or less. More more than more less. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta from Latent PMS. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Yes. So, a couple of questions. So right now, you mentioned 60% is, let's say, powertrain 
agnostic. Is there a target number for the next 2, 3 years we want, let's say, the legacy business 
to reach a certain number? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, frankly, now I'm looking at more or less maintaining this kind of a stand because it's a 
fairly good kind of a mix. And even with this kind of a situation, I think the legacy business is 
never going to become zero. And neither I have been hinting at that.  In fact, for most of our 
customers, as I said, we'll be the last man standing for the ICE product. 
 
And  across all customers, we are seeing continued investments for development of new 
engines for hybrid requirements. And as a result, we are continuing to, in fact, put more money 
into the legacy business also as we are putting into the other areas. So more or less, this kind of 
a trend will continue. 
 
And I think it's a very good mix that we have now even if we just look at growing the 
aftermarket business as well as the exports business, we have a good huge runway that is 
possible for us to do. It's only that we have to keep on adding capacity. So, we have to be very 
careful in the overall capacity enhancement plan that we have across all the companies so that 
we don't overcommit on one and under commit on the other. So, we are balancing it very well 
and trying to see how we can continue to have the growth story amongst all our subsidiaries. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
But sir, that also means that, let's say, any future acquisitions, even ICE business acquisition is 
something that is in play? Because otherwise, if we acquire non or other power-agnostic 
business, then this should ideally come down.  
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, at least I don't see any immediate plans to acquire any business on the ICE products 
because we have just recently done the asset deal with Sunbeam, that has actually improved 
our capacities as far as pistons are concerned. And engine valves, we are growing also 
organically with regards to the further investments, and we continue to invest in those areas. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. And sir, second question is regarding EMFI. So, with all of this Middle East tension and 
let's say, at least in Q3, we said we expect 5X to 7x ramp-up. Are you seeing an even more 
accelerated approvals from clients because of, let's say, people saying that let's buy EV instead 
of ICE because of fuel prices or availability? And the second associated is, I was reading that 
we have some partnership with Lingbo and Greatland. But my understanding, these are more 
2-wheeler and lower power capabilities. Do we have anything planned for 4-wheeler EVs ? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, Lingbo and Greatland are for both high-voltage systems, we are operating on low 
voltage as high voltage, less than 300 volts as well as more than 800 volts up to 800 volts. So, 
we have all the systems that are required on our motor and controller facility. Now with the 
new setup that we have in Coimbatore, it is a state-of-the-art plant, one of the best that you'll 
see in the country. 
 
And with all the customers that we are working, we clearly see that most of our customers are 
now approaching us not only because of the facilities that we have, but also because of the 
technology that we bring on the table, including some of the newer technologies like hairpin 
winding and all that. So, we have a lot of possibilities being worked out with our customers at 
this stage. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. And sir, if I may ask last question because of time. If I look at our exports ex of Europe 
and North America, they have degrown. While I understand Europe, let's say, Europe plus 1 
was  is a wave. But any colour that you can give on why South America or Middle East 
because Middle East only, let's say, March is when, let's say, all the fighting started, but the 
fall in revenue has been much higher. So, any colour you want to give on the export market, 
what happened basically there? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No. As I said, - the end markets are badly affected in Europe as well as across the Middle East 
as well as America. So, it is not that the markets are growing there. And as a result, we do have 
a small dip in those regions. But if you really see our overall performance has been even better 
than FY25. 
 
So, we have more or less been able to retain our export volumes. And yes, we did not have a 
phenomenal growth. But certainly, with the current market situation that is existing in the 
Middle East as well as in Europe and with all the tensions that is there on the supply chain, this 
is a fantastic number in terms of the overall growth in exports. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Divyansh Gupta: 
But basically, no market share loss? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, no, absolutely nothing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of A Sriram Palaniappan from ithoughtpms. 
A Sriram Palaniappan: 
Sir, in previous calls, you mentioned that the plastic precision is a niche segment where an 
OEM fixes one supplier for one item. If that is the case, how are we increasing our revenue 
apart from our existing business? Would new OEMs switch to us or is it increasing orders 
from the existing customers? What will drive our revenue in this segment, sir? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. I think I answered it in the previous question it was there, Mr. Sriram, that precision 
injection molding facilities, the growth comes more from new technology addition like for 
example, it has become mandatory now for the anti-skid braking system 2-wheelers. This 
requires a completely different product that has to be designed and planned for some of the 
Indian OEMs or rather most of the Indian OEMs. 
 
And it requires a huge number of investments and capabilities to be built on technology as well 
as on volumes. So, both the sides, we are investing, and we are seeing that we are able to grow 
in that area. And precision injection molding as I said in the previous calls also, we would 
expect that we want to retain our margins, and we don't want to become a low-margin, high-
volume business. It's going to remain a niche segment and that is how it's going to contribute 
to the overall growth of the overall franchise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Seven Rivers. 
Harsh Shah: 
Sir my question is on the standalone, the legacy business. Would it be fair to assume that 11%, 
12% growth would kind of be a mature or a maximum growth that we can do in this business 
given that OEMs are growing at single digits? And also, in Q4, have we lost any market share 
because a lot of OEMs have reported more than 18%, 20% kind of sales volume. So, if you can 
highlight on that? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No. So as far as the legacy business is concerned, we always believe that we should outgrow 
the market. So, if you really see the overall market has grown by around anywhere between 
6% to 7% if I do a combined weighted average kind of a growth for all segments of the 
business, whether it is 2-wheeler, 4-wheeler, tractors, commercial vehicles and everything. 
 
So, but against that backdrop, we have grown at around 11%, and we have outgrown the 
market. We have outgrown the business. And my aim is and my push to the team is always to 
outgrow the end market. So, we'll continue to do that as far as the end markets are concerned. 
 
Coming to quarter 4, as I said,  I don't think there has been a lot of volume play that has 
happened between the 2 quarters, the quarter of October to December and December to March. 
So, while the end markets might have been better for the OEM, but you have to see it from a 
overall year perspective because our supply chain actually works on the overall supply chain. 
So, while they have probably done 6% to 7% overall for the year, we have done 11%. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
That is how you have to see it. In the quarter, basically, what happens is they did have good 
volumes in the pipeline, in the stocks, which happened at the post end December. And they 
have continued to sell those volumes. And as a result, they had increased sales for that quarter. 
For those volumes, we have already supplied in the past quarter. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. Okay. So, on the EV side because of all the geopolitical issues and then recently, the 
government has notified new capacity norms revised ones and even Delhi government has 
banned registration of new ICE vehicles from April 2028. 
 
So, a lot of activity is happening on this EV or low emission side. How do you see the industry 
panning out after FY 2028? I mean with your discussions with the OEMs, would EV 
penetration start increasing dramatically after 2028 or hybrid would be a better middle ground 
for them to grow. So, if you have to hazard a guess, I mean, say, 2030, '31, will the penetration 
of EVs would be higher or hybrid vehicles would be higher? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, frankly, many of the people still term hybrid vehicles as EV vehicles. So when people 
say it is EV or it is trending towards EV, they also include the hybrid vehicles in that. And if I 
look at all the programs that we are working on and all the customer OEMs working on 
various programs, they continue to work on many of the hybrid programs, and there are newer 
engines being developed by the customers. 
 
I have always been maintaining this, and I again call this off still that we are not -- as a 
country, we are not fully geared up to service the overall infrastructure requirements that are 
there for a full EV kind of end play, full EV base EV, whereas it is going to be a combination 
of all powertrains existing. As I said, we will have powertrains from coming out of CNG 
coming out of other biofuels and also coming out of ethanol blending. 
 
There is a possibility that the ethanol blending may rise from the 20% to maybe 85%. So, there 
are various possibilities that are being looked into by the government, which will in some way 
or the other, also improve the consumption or reduce the consumption of gasoline and diesel in 
the country. 
 
So, our personal opinion is that there will be multiple powertrains co-existing, and we have to 
be present in all the powertrains. Luckily for us, we are in the sweet spot that we supply to 
both ends of the market, whether it is the legacy business or whether it is the new EV business, 
and we are well positioned to cater to the demands in both the sides. 
 
So, from, say, 2030 perspective, we continue to maintain even after all the current situation, if 
I include hybrid as part EV and part ICE business, we have to look at it from a point of view 
that the penetration overall from a number of engines being made and number of electric 
motors being supplied and look at the total business, I still think that the EV business will be 
anywhere between 15% to 17% penetration by 2030, but this will be at a backdrop on a CAGR 
growth of around 6%. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
If I look at 6% growth over the next 4 years, we are looking at a 24%, 25% growth in volumes 
and a penetration of 15% still I'll be making more ICE engines or ICE-related vehicles, 
including hybrids by 2030 - 2031. So, we still don't see any major issue in those kinds of 
things. So, we continue to work on all the areas. So, I think the most important part would be 
to see how we can continue to grow the volumes on all fronts. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Jain from Ashva Management Services. 
Sahil Jain: 
I just wanted to ask, according to new Labour Laws and the increase in wages, what will be the 
impact on our employee cost and the productivity at our plant? And how will we mitigate these 
risks going forward? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. I think I answered this question in the last call that we had based on our last quarter 
results. But I'll repeat again, we have had an impact because of the wage code. And as I said, 
this is an impact which has already been considered in the financials. 
 
Standalone is almost to a tune of around INR 23 odd crores and consolidated is around INR 27 
odd crores. And all of this has been considered in both our consolidated results as well as the 
stand-alone results. And even post that, I think we have maintained a good run rate on our 
margins. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from SiMPL. 
Viraj: 
Congratulations on a really good set of numbers in a very challenging environment. Sir, just 
two questions I have. One is, if I look at quarter 4, I understand export has been weak for us. 
But if I look at the stand-alone business, any colour you can give in terms of how each 
segment has done the domestic OEM, the aftermarket, the non-auto business? What kind of a 
growth trend we have seen in quarter 4 and the year gone by? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Yes. See, the export business has grown only by around 1% - 1.5% primarily, as you can see, 
it's primarily because of the external environment. We have not lost any business share. And as 
far as domestic and aftermarket concerned, both have registered a fairly even kind of a growth 
of almost close to 10%, 11%. 
Viraj: 
Okay. Got it. Sir, and second question was you did give some colour in terms of the margin 
trajectory for improvement for the Grupo Antolin businesses. But would it be right to think 
that a large part of the improvement would be driven by factors which are internal to us rather 
than external, either in terms of new product or price revision for customers? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: No, I think it is going to be a combination of everything. As I said  we have to work on a 
number of areas. We have to work on customer approvals. We have to work on so many things 
based on which we'll be able to improve the margins. So, there are lot of actions being 
planned. And hopefully, it will all give us positive results. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Madrecha from C9 Family Office. 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Jainam Madrecha: 
Just wanted to understand like you said there is new capacity expansion on the Takahata, as 
well as TGPEL side. What sort of capex are we going to do on that side? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: We are putting up a Phase 3 expansion in Takahata on the land that we bought at some point in 
time, almost, I think, 2 years back, we are building up a new factory there for manufacturing 
again, very related products, which is precision plastic injection molding. And similarly, we 
are also expanding our facilities in TGPEL, where we are putting up extra facilities for growth 
areas. 
Jainam Madrecha: 
Okay. But like can you quantify the capex amount like we talked about? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Well, overall, all put together, we are looking at a capex figure, which is similar to the kind of 
figures that we have already invested last year. And going forward also in the next 2, 3 years, 
we'll have to continue to do those kinds of investments. 
Jainam Madrecha: 
Understood. Okay. And on the acquisition side, I wanted to understand, what are the minimum 
sort of return levels we would be targeting in whatever new acquisitions we do? And what sort 
of peak valuations are we comfortable when we go about like going for the acquisition of a 
company? 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: I think very clearly, more or less, you have to go as per whatever acquisitions we have done in 
the past. Over the last 5 years, we have done 5 acquisitions, so, it is more or less you can see 
the kind of multiples we have given and multiples we have worked on. 
 
And but at the same time, it is important to note that we don't only go by multiples, we or by 
the margins they make today. We go by the possibility of how we can work together to use the 
synergies with the group and be able to improve our businesses overall. 
 
So, there are multiple things on which we look at. It's a very, very detailed exercise and it's not 
going to be just one odd valuation or one odd cap numbers that will drive this kind of a 
decision. We also look at a lot in terms of the technology, and we also look at how that 
technology play will be there in the future, and we do a very detailed exercise on that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time concerns,  that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishnakumar for closing comments 
Krishnakumar Srinivasan: Thank you all for joining us today and for asking such valuable questions. Your engagement  
has really enhanced our discussions today. We are confident that the company is very well 
positioned for the next phase of growth. This confidence comes from the strength of our teams, 
the trust of our customers, the support of our partners and the progress that we have made over 
the last years and all the support that we get from all our stakeholders and including many of 
you who are there in the call today. 
 
And we hope all your queries have been answered. In case of any unanswered questions, 
please do reach us to our Investor Relations partners at E&Y, or to our secretarial cell, we'll be 
very happy to answer your questions. So, thank you once again for joining the call and look 

 
 
SPR Auto Technologies Limited
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
forward to continuing the growth story that we have for SPR Auto Technologies Limited. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SPR Auto Technologies Limited, formerly known as Shriram Pistons 
& Rings Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Some minor editing may have been done for better 
readability. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 12th May 2026 will prevail. 
