 
 
 
Regd. Office: World Trade Center, Tower A, 6th to 9th Floor, Nauroji Nagar, New Delhi- 110029 
Phone: +91-11-26738299, Fax: +91-11-26182957, E-mail: info@rvnl.org, Web: www.rvnl.org 
 
 
 
 RVNL/SECY/STEX/2026                               
 
 
 
            02.06.2026 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip: RVNL 
 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड 
एƛचŐज ɘाज़ा, 
ɘॉट नं. सी/1, जी ɰॉक, 
बांūा-कुलाŊ कॉ̱ ɘेƛ, 
बांūा (पूव), मुंबई - 400051 
İˌप: RVNL 
BSE Ltd. 
Department of Corporate Service, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip: 542649 
 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग, 
िफ़रोज़ जीजीभॉय टावसŊ, 
दलाल ːŌीट, 
मुंबई- 400001 
İˌप: 542649 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with Investors  
िवषय:           िनवेशकों के साथ कॉ̢ ůŐ स कॉल का Ůितलेख 
 
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
संदभŊ:         सेबी (एलओडीआर) िविनयम, 2015 का िविनयम 30 
  
Dear Sir/Madam,  
िŮय महोदय/महोदया, 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated 26.05.2026 regarding uploading of the Audio 
Recording of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts/Institutions on the website of 
the Company. Transcript of the said Concall is attached herewith. 
 
Transcript of the audio call is available on the website at the below link: 
https://rvnl.org/RVNL_cms/uploads/ScheduleOfAnalystsResult/transcript.pdf  
 
 
कृɗा उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर लŐ I 
 
धɊवाद,  
 
भवदीय, 
रेल िवकास िनगम िलिमटेड की ओर से 
 
 
 
 
(कʙना दूबे) 
कंपनी सिचव एवं अनुपालन अिधकारी                    
 
KALPANA 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
KALPANA DUBEY 
Date: 2026.06.02 
12:34:06 +05'30'

1 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
 
 
 
 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date/Time 
: 26/05/2026, 14:30 hrs 
Event Duration 
: 30 mins 08 secs 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:  
 
Shri. Saleem Ahmad 
Chairman & Managing Director 
 
Smt. Anupam Ban 
Director (Personnel) 
 
Shri. Mritunjay Pratap Singh 
Director (Operations) 
 
Shri. Abhishek Kumar 
Director (Finance) 
 
Shri. Amit Tandon 
Director (Projects) 
 
Shri. Chandan Kumar Verma 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1. Vishal Periwal  
 
: RK Family Office 
2. Abhishek K Leekha 
 
: Nestle Wealth LLP 

2 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Karthikeyan, moderator for the conference call. I would like 
to welcome you all to the earnings conference call of Rail Vikas Nigam Limited for Q4FY26. We have with 
us today the management team of RVNL. Shri Saleem Ahmad, Chairman and Managing Director; Smt. 
Anupam Ban, Director (Personnel); Shri Mritunjay Pratap Singh, Director (Operations); Shri Abhishek 
Kumar, Director (Finance); Shri Amit Tandon, Director (Projects); and Shri Chandan Kumar Verma, Chief 
Financial Officer. 
 
As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touch tone telephone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded.  
 
We will start with a brief opening remark from CMD sir, which will be followed by a question-and-answer 
session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for earnings call of RVNL for this quarter and 
year ended 31st March, 2026. As all of you know, RVNL’s portfolio comprises primarily of infrastructure 
focused businesses, which stands across rail infrastructure, metros, roads and highways, transmission and 
port harbors. 
 
Although this year has been challenging for the company, RVNL has remained focused on sustaining its 
operational performance and ensuring timely execution of key projects. Despite market and sectoral 
headwinds, we continue to maintain a strong order book, and are actively working towards improving 
efficiency and expanding business opportunities.  
 
With continued government emphasis on relevant perceptual development, we remain confident about 
the long-term growth prospects of the company. As a result of which, the company has achieved an MoU 
rating of very good for the year 2024-25 from Department of Public Enterprises.  
 
I'm pleased to share that our order book continues to remain strong and diversified, providing healthy 
multiyear execution visibility for the company. During the quarter ended January to March 2026, the 
stand-alone order inflow stood at INR 4,644 crores, while for the full financial year 2025-26, standalone 
order inflows were INR 5,875 crores.  
 

3 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
With joint ventures, we have also secured works amounting to INR 1,201 crores. So as on March 31, 2026, 
the company's total order book stood at an impressive INR 99,262 crore. The order book is primarily driven 
by railways with INR 57,000 crores followed by signaling at INR 14,900 crores; port, roads, highways at 
INR 10,400 crores; and metros at INR 9,900 crores, and we have works of power and transmission of about 
INR 4,000 crores and hydro and irrigation project at INR 2,000 crores. 
 
Growth and movement in the order book was supported by new railway and multi sector infrastructure 
works awarded to RVNL. Stunning execution leading to revenue recognition and our disciplined margin 
focused selective bidding strategy. This strong and well-balanced order book positions the company 
competently for sustained growth in the coming years.  
 
The company reported a strong growth in revenue during Q4 financial year 2025-26 with the stand-alone 
turnover increasing by 47.6% QoQ, if I compare it to quarter three financial year ’26 to quarter four of 
financial year ‘26. We have a growth of 4.78% when compared to quarter four of ‘25 to quarter four of 
’26, and 0.72% YoY growth, reflecting healthy execution momentum and improved project activity during 
the quarter. 
 
On a consolidated basis as well, turnover grew by 42.94% quarter three to quarter four, 4.8% quarter four 
’25, ‘26 and 2.45% year-over-year, demonstrating sustained business expansion and strong order 
execution capabilities. However, despite the robust increase in revenue, profitability remained under 
pressure during the quarter.  
 
Standalone EBITDA declined by 16.88% if I compare quarter three to quarter four; 33.55% quarter four to 
quarter four ’25 to ’26; and 26.74% YoY, while EBITDA margin reduced from 10.36% in quarter three to 
5.83% in quarter four FY26. Similarly, PAT declined by 19.66% QoQ and 43.14% quarter four to quarter 
four compared to FY25-26, and 32% YoY, indicating margin pressure and increased cost burden during 
execution. 
 
On a consolidated basis, the EBITDA impact witnessed declines despite higher turnover. The decline in the 
above parameter is mainly driven by a few onerous contracts and reconciliation adjustment relating to 
joint ventures. Overall, the results indicate strong revenue visibility and execution growth for the 
company. However, pressure on margins and profitability remains a key area of concern, which may 
require close monitoring in the coming quarters.  
 
I want to brief that building works of this RVNL and the company have contributed 31.40% to the total 
revenue from operation, so showing an increase of 129.50% from the previous year. I want to inform that 
the company has paid an interim dividend of INR 208 crores, and board has also extended a final dividend 
of INR 148.03 crores, subject to approval of shareholders.  
 

4 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
I want to highlight the progress of the major projects undertaken by Rail Vikas Nigam Limited. One is 
BharatNet project, which has been awarded by Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited, is a INR 13,236 crore 
initiative to provide high speed broadband connectivity in rural and remote areas through 8,206 
kilometers of OFC infrastructure. Till date, RVNL has achieved 15.01 physical progress. Project execution 
momentum has improved significantly, and work is now progressing at a good pace across project 
locations, and we are expecting good revenue and profit margin in this year. 
 
Another important project is Rishikesh Karnaprayag Rail project, which is of a national importance in 
Uttarakhand. Being developed at a cost of INR 37,000 crore, the 125-kilometer project has achieved 74% 
overall progress, with around 96% tunnel excavation complete. Target for completion by December 2029, 
the project will improve access to the Himalayan region.  
 
Another important project is Vande Bharat sleeper train set, a INR 14,400 crore project with 35 years 
maintenance arrangement being executed by our SPV Kinet Railway Solutions. We are hopeful that first 
prototype training set is targeted for launch in December 2026. SPV has also received the Bronze Air 
Design Award 2026 in Italy for excellence in mobility and transportation design.  
 
Performance of our JVs and subsidiaries remained encouraging, contributing INR 399.86 crore to 
consolidated revenue and INR 64.23 crore to PAT. Additional dividend income received from JVs and 
subsidiaries stood at INR 43.45 crore during Q4 and INR 47.88 crore for the full year, which contributed 
positively to the company's consolidated profitability. I also brief that the employee productivity showed 
improvement, which has increased from INR 21.23 crore to INR 22.46 crore. This growth reflects enhanced 
operational efficiency and better utilization of human resources. 
 
RVNL continues to demonstrate disciplined execution and stable operational performance, supported by 
a strong and diversified order book. We remain focused on efficient project delivery, margin discipline, 
and conversion of healthy L1 and LOA in pipeline. We are also actively encouraging opportunities in 
diversified infrastructure and emerging business areas. With sustained progress in key national 
infrastructure projects, the company is well positioned for long term sustainable growth and value 
creation.  
 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. So, we are open for the question and answer.  
Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If 
you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the 
question. If you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. In the 

5 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
interest of time and fairness to all participants, participants are requested to restrict yourself to one 
question in the initial round, and join back the queue for more questions. Wait for a moment as the 
question queue assembles.  
 
The first question comes from the line of Vishal Periwal from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Yes sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, on the margins, though you did clarify it is coming from one of the 
JV work that we are doing. So, is it fair to say, is the work has concluded and probably we'll have a better 
margins from quarter one of FY27, or do you think probably the base of 4%, 4.5% EBITDA margin is a new 
base for us? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
PAT looks lower in this quarter, but if we adjust for the onerous contract of INR 54 crores, and we have 
paid municipal taxes on new building, and we have readjusted after reconciliation of our SPV amounting 
to INR 35 crores. So, you will see that the PAT is slightly better than the last year than the last quarter. So 
definitely, now the adjustment for the onerous contract has been done, and we are hopeful that we will 
definitely improve our margins in the first quarter of ’27 year. Thank you. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Okay. Yes, thanks for the clarification. Maybe one last question from me is, I think we have seen an 
increase in the receivables in financial year ‘26 numbers, and that has led to lower cash and lower other 
income. So, is it coming from a big segment or probably anything, any color that can be provided? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Cash flow is a challenge, because we are working for Ministry of Railways, and we have to get money from 
Ministry of Railways. If you see that our INR 3,400 crores were recoverable from MoR, which we could 
not get within this year, but we have received now in April. So that was the reason for cash flow negative 
share. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Sure, sir. I think this is helpful. I'll come back in the queue. Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator 

6 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press *and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad.  
 
You have the next question from the line of Abhishek K Leekha from Nestle Wealth LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. My question is on the receivable parts on the Krishnapatnam Railway 
Company, which is standing at INR 1,116 crores, including INR 890 crores of interest. What is the timeline 
for resolution and how much we can realistically recover on that? 
 
Mritunjay Pratap Singh 
 
Good afternoon. The total receivable, which is due from the Krishnapatnam stands at INR 1,116 crore, 
which comprises of two components, basically the principal and the interest component. And during the 
last year gone by, Krishnapatnam has given a -- has a healthy return of around INR 290 core which was 
due from them. And with the continued good performance of Krishnapatnam Rail Company, we hope that 
in the coming two years time, mostly their receivables will be wiped out, and the steel will also turn 
profitable, and due to their good performance they have given a total dividend of INR 50 crore this year, 
out of which RVNL received its share of INR 25 crore. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Okay, thank you. And what kind of top line growth that can be expected in 2026-27, and how should we 
take the margin outlook from current? Because what I understand from last con call was you mentioned 
that 2026-27 as far as execution would be better off and also margins would be comparatively on the 
brighter side. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Yes. We are definitely expecting a good rise in our revenue, which will be around, say, 15-20%. And even 
the margins will definitely increase. That I want to assure you. And it will be much better than this year. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Should we expect it, like from the current quarter itself, June quarter onwards? Like the top line growth 
and followed by the margin growth to be start seeing? 
 

7 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Yeah, definitely, QoQ, year wise, definitely there will be improvement. But you know the quarter -- the 
first quarter will be slightly challenging for us, but we are hopeful to achieve the targets and have a good 
revenue and good profit, good margins. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Okay. Thank you so much. That's it from my side. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next, we have a follow-up question from Vishal Periwal from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, in terms of our order book of INR 99,000 crores odd, what is the 
breakout in nomination and competitive bidding now? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
If you see our breakup for nomination and bidding is almost 50%, 50-50 each. Presently, 45,000 works of 
bidding and INR 45 crores are on nomination basis. So now our business strategy is that we should focus 
on railway works which we already have in pipeline, which is almost 30,000 works are going on. In 
addition, we are talking to other PSUs and government for management works on PMC basis. We have 
got works from NMDC, the Visakhapatnam Port Trust, and other, and we are focusing that we should get 
more works on PMC. 
 
And third line will be -- vertical will be from the bidding works. But this time we are not bidding very 
aggressively for the bidding works. We have kind of positioned ourselves like that, that we should get at 
least 5-10% profit from each works of bidding. So that is our target and our strategy. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Sure, sir. And in terms of our order inflow, though you did clarify stand alone and, this is FY26 and quarter 
four. For the JVs can you also share what is the inflows in quarter four and FY26? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 

8 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
JV, we have got one work in recently from railways, which is a bidding work of INR 400 crores right now. 
And we are expecting that we should get more work in future, definitely. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Okay. So sir, I think if I look at our order inflow, including JVs, everything, is it to the tune of maybe like 
INR 7,000 odd crore for this year? And we have done execution of INR 20,000 odd crore in terms of 
revenue. And our order book has seen increase. So is there a large part of this change is coming from the 
scope change or any anything that you can share on this? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Actually, if you see the order book, which we have reviewed it during the last financial year was around 
INR 6,000 crore, and the execution from the bidding works also stand around INR 6,300 crore. So, the 
order book inflow and the execution matches, but in the coming years, the execution from the bidding 
works will increase tremendously because as you've seen in the last year, as compared to financial year 
’24, ‘25. In financial year ’25, ‘26, it has increased by almost 129%, which was INR 2,737 crore in the 
financial year ’24, ’25, which has increased to INR 6,283 crores in the financial year ’25, ‘26. So, our order 
book is healthy, and we hope that with increased execution also, the order book will be able to give us a 
good handsome revenue. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Maybe one last question. 
 
Saleem Ahmad  
 
And the change of [indiscernible 00:22:23] -- many projects is there, especially in macro projects and other 
projects, which we are excluding. Even gold projects, we got change of scope as per the requirement of 
the site and clients decor. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
In terms of -- I think a lot of cost inflation that we are seeing in terms of the commodity prices and other 
things. I understand nomination order, which is almost INR 45,000 odd crores, the things are passed 
through. But in competitive bidding, is it a fixed price contract or there are escalations? Can you share 
anything on that – this one? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 

9 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
There are different types of contracts. Some are fixed contracts, some are dynamic also, but in most of 
the contracts we get the price variation, which controls the fluctuation of the market. But definitely, 
challenges will be there, yeah. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Okay, sir. And then in terms of Vande Bharat order, though you mentioned prototype is December 26 that 
we plan to supply, and the total order that is there of 126, by when this will get concluded? How are the 
delivery schedules after prototype is submitted? 
 
Mritunjay Pratap Singh 
 
Our prototype will be completed by this year only. So, we'll bring two prototypes. And after that in next - 
 
Mritunjay Pratap Singh 
 
The total order, Vande Bharat order book is to be completed in five years time and with a greater increase 
every year. The first year after prototype, we have to supply, because after supplying the prototype, it 
takes around three to four months time for the various trials and other work variances by the street. 
Thereafter, in the first year, five sets will be supplied. Thereafter, it will be increased, and the total 120 
sets will be supplied in five years time. 
 
Vishal Periwal 
 
Okay. Sure, sir. I think this is helpful. I'll come back in the queue, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Next, we have a follow-up question from Abhishek K Leekha from Nestle Wealth LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the follow-up question. I just want to have the understanding on what steps the 
company is taking, so that fast track execution can be cleared on priority, in terms of like automation or 
steps that that are being taken, which helps the company to enhance the execution capability. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 

10 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
You know, the main challenge that we have seen for us is faster execution. Then only we can have good 
revenue and good margins. So, our whole team is focusing on it. We are using latest technologies. We are 
using a pay model, which give us the 5G functions, which gives the progress, financial progress, and 
planned progress versus the actual progress.  
 
We are using drones for the site in inspection, and we are using many kind of softwares with pure 
dashboards and give us the performance on -- all on our dashboard. So many things are being done at 
every level, from the supervisory to the top management, and our focus is for the faster execution of the 
work and timely execution of the work. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Can we have a presentation, kind of wherein will you give the points or the areas which the company is 
doing a lot of exciting work and good work. So that we also understand what exactly the company is doing 
in terms of execution readiness and how well that can be put in use or has been -- or you might be using 
it, so that it gets communicated well amongst the stakeholders. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Thank you. This is a very good solution, and we will definitely implement it and put it on our website, so 
that every stakeholder can go through it. And if they have some suggestion, we will be happy to 
incorporate those. 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Thank you for that. And if that can be in a presentation, in a quarterly or a yearly kind of a thing, that 
would be great also, because a lot of questions can be put to on basis of that.  
 
And one more thing, has RVNL been approved together or upgrade corridors specifically for the defense 
logistics? Because in this war scenario, railways can be -- also be used as a defense logistics. So, anything 
specifically that can be done by RVNL in that line? 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Yeah, definitely, we are doing, but we will not be able to explain here. There will be many strategic projects 
in pipeline. 
 
Abhishek K Leekha 
 
Okay. Fine. Thank you so much. 

11 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
26.05.2026 
Moderator 
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. Wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles.  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. Ladies and 
gentlemen, if you have a question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
We can close it. 
 
Moderator 
 
We don't have any further questions, sir. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Okay. Can you close now? We can close the call now? 
 
Moderator 
 
Okay, sir. I will conclude the call, sir. 
 
Saleem Ahmad 
 
Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you, and have a pleasant day! 
 
 
 
Note:  
1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
