 
 
 
May 21, 2026 
 
 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Streets 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 544418
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400051 
 
Name of Scrip: OSWALPUMPS
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Q4 FY 2026 held on May 18, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of Earnings Conference Call conducted by the Company for 
Q4 FY 2026 on Monday, May 18, 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
Anish Kumar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
ANISH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
ANISH KUMAR 
Date: 2026.05.21 
18:08:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Oswal Pumps Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 18, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIVEK GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – OSWAL PUMPS LIMITED 
 
MR. AMULYA GUPTA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – 
OSWAL PUMPS LIMITED 
MR. AVADHESH K. SINGH – GROUP CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER – OSWAL PUMPS LIMITED 
 
MR. SUBODH KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
OSWAL PUMPS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV SANCHETI – INVESTOR RELATION 
ADVISOR – UIRTUS ADVISORS LLP 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RENU BAID – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Oswal Pumps Limited Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' 
on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference to Ms. Renu Baid from IIFL Capital Services Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you, Ria. On behalf of IIFL Capital, I like to welcome the management of Oswal Pumps 
with us today to discuss the Q4 FY26 earnings. From the management team, we have with us 
Mr. Vivek Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Amulya Gupta, Whole Time Director; 
Mr. Subodh Kumar, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Avadhesh K. Singh, Group Chief Operating 
Officer; and Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, IR Advisor, Uirtus Advisosr. I now hand over the call to Mr. 
Sanjeev Sancheti for his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
Thank you, Renu, and good afternoon, everybody. It is my pleasure to welcome you to the Oswal 
Pump Q4 FY26 and full year FY26 earnings call. As already said by Renu, we have with us the 
senior management team of Oswal Pumps, which includes Mr. Vivek Gupta, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Amulya Gupta, Whole Time Director; Mr. Shivam Gupta, Whole Time 
Director; Mr. Avadhesh K. Singh, Group COO; and Mr. Subodh Kumar, the CFO. 
Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the safe harbour statement included in 
the earnings and strategy presentation, which contains forward-looking statements and is also 
available on the BSE and NSE website. I would request all of you to go through that thoroughly. 
 
With that, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Vivek Gupta for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, Vivek ji. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Thank you, Sanjeev ji, and a very good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Oswal Pumps Limited, 
I warmly welcome all of you to our Q4 FY26 and full year FY26 earning call and thank you for 
taking the time to join us today. I am delighted to report that FY26 has been a landmark year for 
Oswal Pumps.  
 
For the full year, operating income reached INR2,064 crores, the highest in the company's 
history, marking a robust year-on-year growth of 44.3%. Closing the year on a strong note, Q4 
FY26 operating income stood at INR510 crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 39.8%, 
underpinned by disciplined and large-scale execution under PM-KUSUM and various state 
government schemes, and further reinforcing our position as a trusted leader in solar-powered 
irrigation solutions across India. 
 
Operating EBITDA for Q4 FY26 stood at INR118 crores, translating into a margin of 23.2%. 
For the full year, operating EBITDA grew 22.4% year-on-year to INR514 crores, with a healthy 
margin of 24.9%. The sequential moderation in Q4 margins is attributable to competitive tender 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
pricing and input cost pressures stemming from prevailing geopolitical uncertainty. These 
headwinds are being proactively addressed through structural value engineering exercises and 
targeted cost optimization initiatives across all our operations. 
 
FY26 also marked a historic milestone on the profitability front, with PAT reaching INR376 
crores, the highest the company has ever recorded, representing a year-on-year growth of 34.1%. 
The momentum carried strongly into the final quarter as well, with Q4 FY26 PAT coming in at 
INR93 crores, a year-on-year increase of 44.8%. PAT margins stood at 17.9% for the quarter 
and 18.0% for the full year, reflecting the underlying earning quality and the resilience of our 
business model. 
 
Turning to our order book, the company continues to maintain a robust business pipeline. Our 
current executable order book as of May 15, 2026 stood at 19,912 pumps. Additionally, we have 
a near-term pipeline exceeding 25,000 pumps, providing healthy revenue visibility for the 
coming quarters. On a cumulative basis since entering the solar pumping space, we have 
executed over 1,06,122 solar pumping systems directly under PM-KUSUM and allied state 
government schemes across 15 states, cementing our position as one of the largest suppliers of 
turnkey solar pumping systems in India. 
 
We are also closely tracking the anticipated rollout of PM-KUSUM 2.0, which we expect to 
scale meaningfully in FY27 and represent a significant incremental opportunity for the company.  
India's increasing focus on energy transition, agriculture solarization, water efficiency, and 
distributed renewable infrastructure continues to create long-term structural opportunities for the 
company. 
 
As part of our long-term growth strategy, the company is proactively diversifying beyond 
government-driven solar irrigation into rooftop solar, utility, and commercial & industrial (C&I) 
solar projects, reducing single-scheme dependency and broadening our addressable market.  
FY26 marked a significant strategic milestone with our entry into rooftop solar segment through 
the first order under the Government of India's PM Surya Ghar Muft Bijli Yojana. Our wholly 
owned subsidiary, Oswal Solar Energy Private Limited, has also incorporated a special purpose 
vehicle, Oswal Doon Baran Bundi Solar Projects Limited, in partnership with Doon Infrapower 
Projects Private Limited, holding a 60% stake to execute rooftop solar photovoltaic power 
projects on state government buildings in Rajasthan under the Hybrid Annuity Model (HAM). 
Across the rooftop solar, utility, and C&I solar segments, we have built a healthy combined 
pipeline of approximately 300 MW as of date. Together, these segments provide strong top-line 
visibility and reflect growing market traction as we scale these verticals systematically. 
 
On the IPO objects front, I would like to share a brief update on our capital expenditure plans. 
Pump and motor capacity expansion and automation: we expect the entire capex program 
scheduled for completion by Q3 FY27. And in solar module plant, with respect to our solar 
module facility, we expect the first phase of expansion comprising 1 GW of solar module to be 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
completed by Q1 FY27. The remaining 0.5 GW expansion is planned to be completed by Q3 
FY27 in line with our phased execution strategy. 
 
With a strong foundation in solar power irrigation, a growing presence across multiple renewable 
energy segments, and a proven ability to execute at scale, the company enters its next phase of 
growth from a position of considerable strength. Ongoing capacity expansions, a diversifying 
revenue mix, and India's clean energy tailwind together create a compelling platform for 
sustained value creation for our farmers, our communities, and our shareholders.  
With that, I will now hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Subodh Kumar, who will take you 
through the financial performance in greater detail. Thank you. 
Subodh Kumar: 
Thank you, Vivek sir, and good afternoon, everyone. I will now take you through the key 
financial highlights for Q4 FY26 and the full year FY26. I trust you have had the opportunity to 
review our earnings presentation and financial disclosures. While Mr. Vivek Gupta has already 
covered the operational and business performance, I will focus on the company’s financial 
positions, cash flows, working capital profile, and IPO fund utilization. 
 
From a balance sheet perspective, the company continues to maintain a strong and well-
capitalized financial position. As of March 31, 2026, net debt stood at approximately INR135 
crores, translating into a net debt to equity ratio of 0.08x and net debt to operating EBITDA of 
0.26x.  
On the cash flow front, the company witnessed a significant improvement in operating cash 
flows during FY26. Operating cash flow improved from negative INR142 crores in FY25 to 
negative INR77 crores in FY26, supported by better working capital discipline and improved 
collections efficiency. Importantly, collections exceeding INR116 crores received on April 2, 
2026, effectively converted the full-year operating cash flow positioning into a positive INR39 
crores, highlighting the strong underlying cash generation capability of the company. Further 
reinforcing this improving trend, operating cash flow for Q4 FY26 stood positive at INR171 
crores. 
 
Our cash conversion cycle as of March 31, 2026, stood at 172 days as compared to 177 days as 
of December 31, 2025, reflecting gradual improvement in working capital efficiency. Receivable 
days remained elevated at 155 days relative to historical levels, primarily due to delay in 
collection from state nodal agencies under the PM-KUSUM and Magel Tyala schemes. We 
would like to reiterate that these receivables are entirely from government and government-
backed counterparties and therefore remain fully secure in nature. 
Over the last few months, we have started witnessing early signs of normalization in collection, 
supported by continuous engagement with the respective authorities. As the collection cycle 
improves further, we expect a meaningful reduction in the cash conversion cycle along with 
corresponding benefit in finance cost and overall operating efficiency.  

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
IPO proceeds continue to be deployed in the line with stated objectives, including capacity 
expansions, automation, backward integrations and debt reduction, all of which are expected to 
strengthen the company long-term profitability and return metrics.  
For FY27, we are targeting overall growth of 20% to 25% over the previous year. This year is 
expected to have a distinctly back-ended growth profile, with the first two quarters likely to 
witness a moderate but temporary revenue decline due to the timing of project award and 
execution schedules, with execution momentum building progressively in the second half of the 
year. 
This phasing is closely linked to the anticipated rollout of PM-KUSUM 2.0, which we believe 
is imminent. The timing of announcement will have a direct bearing on near-term order inflow 
and execution scheduled. At the same time, as discussed by our MD sir, we have been actively 
building a pipeline across multiple other project segments to diversify growth drivers beyond 
KUSUM-linked opportunities. 
We expect these initiatives to start contributing meaningfully from the third quarter onwards and 
support a broader execution base going forward. Looking beyond FY27, we are targeting a 
sustained growth momentum of 30% to 40% in the medium term, as execution across these 
multiple fronts gathers pace. 
From a profitability standpoint, we expect operating EBITDA margin for FY27 to be in range 
of 22.0% to 23.0%. The slightly lower margins are due to elevated input cost arising from 
ongoing geopolitical tensions along with competitive pricing dynamics in the tendering 
environment, which we believe is transitionary.  
Beyond FY27, we do expect margins to improve gradually as operating leverage strengthens, 
and market conditions normalize. 
However, we will provide firmer guidance on the margin trajectory as we progress. We would 
encourage investors to evaluate our margin on an annual basis, as quarterly margin may vary 
with the phasing of execution. PAT margins are expected to be in range of 15% to 16% for 
FY27, broadly in line with the operating margin trajectory.  
With that, we would now be happy to take your questions. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Ms. Renu Baid from IIFL Capital Services Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Thank you. Sir, my first question would be, you did allude to fiscal '27 to be a back-ended year 
for growth and first half probably likely to see decline. So, if possible, can you share what is the 
expected growth that you're looking or decline that you're anticipating in first half? And in your 
view, what percentage of your growth guidance is dependent on incremental new orders being 
awarded under PM-KUSUM 2.0? So, in case if there are further delays from KUSUM 2.0, is 
your 20%-25% revenue growth guidance for the year at risk? That's the first question. 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Vivek Gupta: 
Thank you, Renu ji. Basically, definitely, we are waiting for PM KUSUM 2.0. As we got 
information from the Ministry, we are expecting the PM KUSUM 2.0 launch at any time, and 
we expect the first meeting from the ministry immediately. So definitely, as soon as we get the 
announcement for PM KUSUM 2.0, a very clear growth trajectory will emerge with a lot of 
clarity. Number one. But in the meantime, as I said, we have already started diversification in 
our business. We already have orders for Magel Tyala, and the orders for the Magel Tyala T5 
tender that was recently bid are also about to be allotted to us. 
So, we are still waiting for those orders. Third, the business we have participated in for rooftop 
and other tenders, for which we have very strong visibility -- seeing that system, we have a very 
healthy order book for Q1 and Q2 as of today. But since this is a new diversification line, we are 
a little conservative about the execution challenges we might face, so we are being a bit 
conservative there. Otherwise, as an order book, we are quite very safe and we have a strong 
order book as of today. Thank you. 
Renu Baid: 
First half that you are indicating? 
Vivek Gupta: 
First half, look, as an order book, I think we can easily cover the revenue from last year; even 
we can do more than last year's revenue. But we are staying slightly conservative here because 
of the business we are getting in the new diversified lines -- how the execution part will be and 
what the experience will be. So, as we gain experience, we will take a more aggressive call on 
that. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. So, second question -- as you mentioned, you've built up a strong order book for rooftop 
solar, there's an SPV also which you've created for projects in Rajasthan. So, in these rooftop 
projects, what is the expected profitability that we are looking at? Given that we are new in the 
segment, cost structures are different, and these are early stages of understanding and executing 
orders. So, what is approximately the margin differential versus the core business here? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay, fine. Look, as Oswal has a very backward integrated facility, we are making all structures 
as well as solar modules, BOS, and even we are going to start our inverter production. So, we 
already have all those facilities. So, our first plan is to see what overall challenges we face after 
doing this execution. So, we are not focusing on profitability in the first phase; we are focusing 
on execution and seeing what challenges arise. 
So, it's possible that in the first phase, we might spend more in the name of experience, but 
overall, in a future way, because we have all that backward integration available, infrastructure 
available. And we already have a network in the market, so definitely, the profit margin 
compared to what we are taking now, the guidelines we've given, we are quite very sure that we 
will achieve that. Thank you, Renu ji. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Kaushik from Ascend Capital Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Nitin Kaushik: 
Hello. Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question was, could you 
provide some guidance on expected capex for FY27 and in which areas this investment would 
primarily be directed towards? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Yes, thank you Nitin ji. The capex that we have taken from the IPO proceeds is the same 
capex as we gave in the guidelines. We are doing capex in two places: one in our parent 
company, Oswal Pumps Limited. So, we will infuse the entire IPO proceeds of around INR90 
crores by Q3, which was taken for automation and capacity enhancement. And the second, we 
had taken funds for Oswal Solar, where we are enhancing our capacity from the existing 600 
MW to 2.1 GW, as well as its backward integration like an aluminium extrusion plant, EVA, 
and so on. 
So, we expect to fulfil all those facilities by Q3; a little bit might remain in aluminium extrusion 
or something, but by the end of this year, I think we will infuse around INR350 crores of total 
capex this year in FY27. 
Nitin Kaushik:  
Okay, sir. Sir, with PV modules now contributing sizeable share of revenue, so how should we 
think about its profitability like the EBITDA margins have slightly reduced, so is it because that 
PV modules are gaining significant share of revenue or is it due to the PM-KUSUM scheme 
segment or solar pump segment? 
Vivek Gupta:  
Nitin ji, look, primarily the basic agenda for the expansion of solar modules we planned was that 
we will focus more on PM KUSUM and this will help us in the backward integration of PM 
KUSUM. But as we mentioned, now that PM KUSUM 2 is delayed or has been delayed, in the 
meantime, the company has taken a strategic call to diversify into other businesses as well.  
So definitely, our core thought is that we should pick up tenders in rooftop or other areas as well 
so that those margins are also with us. So definitely, this solar module will help us in scaling and 
also help a lot in protecting profits. So, in fact, now our PV module manufacturing is going to 
help us in multiple places, like PM KUSUM 2 is coming, it will help us there and it will also 
help in other rooftop or other systems.  
And regarding profitability, because you see the geopolitical issues today and the prices of raw 
materials are very high because of those issues, so the impact of profitability is coming due to 
multiple reasons. But in the future, as soon as the market stabilizes and these geopolitical issues 
are resolved, we are quite very confident that we will regain our profitability and come back to 
very healthy profitability. Yes. Thank you, Nitin ji. 
Nitin Kaushik: 
Okay, sir. Sir, the next question is, sir, for example, if PM KUSUM Scheme 2.0 now gets 
announced, so in future would this PV module share as a percentage of revenue decline? 
Vivek Gupta:  
No, look, if PM KUSUM 2 is definitely going to be announced, as I said. But as a strategy, the 
company has taken a call that the company will no longer be dependent on one scheme. So the 
company is focusing on multiple schemes and will move forward with that same agenda and 
focus so that the company has a contribution in different schemes, so that if any government 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
scheme is delayed for any reason, it doesn't have a major impact on our overall revenue or overall 
profitability. Yes. Thank you, Nitin ji. 
Nitin Kaushik: 
That's it from my side. Thanks a lot. 
Vivek Gupta:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Puneet J from Zaveri and Co. Please go ahead. 
Puneet J:  
Vivek ji, thank you very much for the opportunity. Sir, if you could shed some more light on the 
cash flow, it would be better because after the last quarter, you said that these receivable days of 
157 days would decrease a bit, but they have increased. And you have mentioned that you 
received some cash flow and receivables on April 2nd, but primarily what is the reason for this 
delay?  
And is it for any specific states? Because in your order book, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh 
have a larger share currently. But are your current receivable days for any specific states or are 
you seeing this issue broadly across states where agencies are a bit delayed in releasing the 
receivables? 
Vivek Gupta:  
Okay. Thank you Puneet ji. Look, there are two things cash flow and receivables. So first, I 
would like to tell you about the cash flow. So, if we look at FY25, our cash flow was negative 
by around INR152 crores, which by December 2025, the cash flow was negative by around 
INR247 crores.  
By the completion of Quarter 4, as per the books, our cash flow is negative by around INR70 
crores. But the biggest thing that happened, Puneet ji, is that on March 31st the Maharashtra 
government made a payment of around INR116 crores, which was reflected in our books on 
April 2nd.  
If this had been reflected in our books on the 31st, our cash flow, which is showing minus INR70 
crores, would have been plus INR40 crores, number one point. Alone in the last fourth quarter, 
if this INR116 crores had come on the 31st, our cash flow would have been positive by around 
INR286 crores. So, this is because we received the receivables timely, so it has had a major 
impact. So, from the cash flow side, Oswal is very comfortable today, number one point. 
Second, definitely since our major business in FY26 was with the Maharashtra government and 
Haryana, it was with all these states, but majorly Maharashtra government. And in the 
Maharashtra government, as I mentioned before, there were political elections in Maharashtra 
last year, plus the MSEDCL in Maharashtra did a project for the Guinness Book of World 
Records, due to which the entire department and everyone was engaged there for 2 or 3 months 
that was also a reason for the delay in payments.  
So, due to multiple reasons, plus the Maharashtra government arranged funds from a third-party 
last year, AIIB Bank, which took a little time to complete. But as soon as all that happened, 
MSEDCL released major payments in Quarter 4, due to which the overall receivable time 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
improved, which was 157 days last year and has come to 152 days; so, it has improved from last 
year.  
But even if we look at it as a routine matter, if we look at the tenders, it is between 152 to 160 
days. Basically, we expect 90% payment in 120 days and after that, the 10% payment is in the 
next 120 days. So overall, when we count them cumulatively, 150 to 160 days is a routine this 
is the nature of the business.  
And if we are getting payments in 150 to 160 days in this business, then as per our old 
expectations, we believe we are on the right track. Definitely, in PM KUSUM 2.0, the 
government is thinking of something even better; we are expecting some modifications in it, the 
kind of suggestions the industry has given to the government and the government is very, very 
positive about this. So, there we definitely expect the receivable cycle to be reduced by about 30 
to 40 days. But all these things will become clear as soon as PM KUSUM 2.0 is announced. Yes. 
Thank you, Puneet ji. 
Puneet J:  
And sir, just one more question. You said just now that in H1, because PM KUSUM is delayed, 
you might see a decline. But your current order book of solar pumps is roughly 19,900 and last 
year you supplied roughly 87,000 solar pumps. So roughly 20% of last year's is your current 
order book. But that should generally be exhausted in Q1, right? So, do you have expectations 
that in the remaining quarter, you will get enough order book that you can show at least as much 
revenue as last year by the end of Quarter 2? Is that your expectation now? 
Vivek Gupta:  
Puneet ji, we are working very aggressively so that the company does not decline in revenue 
from FY26 in H1 in any way. But as a conservative side, practically what happens -- seeing 
today's a bit of uncertainty in execution, say geopolitical position as well or regarding some raw 
materials increase, we are assessing all these things a bit conservatively.  
So, to be on the safer side, we assume that H1 might be a little affected or it might not be. It's 
not that it will definitely be affected, but it could be. But even if it is, I'm not worried because 
we are going to cover it very well in the whole year. In Q3 and Q4, if for an instance, some effect 
comes, we will cover it very effectively in Q3 and Q4. We are very sure about that. So, we are 
thinking a bit conservatively here, but we are working very hard, our team is fully engaged and 
aggressive on how to avoid a decline in revenue.  
Sanjeev Sancheti:  
And I just want to add here, Sanjeev here. One thing I would like to say is that apart from the 
firm order of 19,912 that we have in hand, we also have a solar pump pipeline of 25,000 pumps, 
which will also progressively become orders in the next 3 to 4 months. So, it's not that I am 
depending on two quarters for only 19,912 pumps; 19,912 is largely for the first quarter. 
Puneet J: 
Okay. Thank you, Vivek ji. Thanks a ton.  
Vivek Gupta: 
Thank you, Puneet ji.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Karan Kamdar: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I had a question on realization that as we are 
hearing that realizations are coming low in Magel Tyala, so what are the expectations in 
KUSUM 2.0 and what improvement is expected in realization going forward? That is my first 
question? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Thank you Karan ji. Look, as I said, we did major business in Maharashtra and in Magel Tyala, 
earlier due to political elections or due to other reasons, payments were a bit delayed last year. 
But now MSEDCL is on track and Quarter 4 is its result too; in Quarter 4, MSEDCL made very 
healthy payments, due to which our overall cash flow has become positive and receivables have 
also become much better.  
So, I think we don't expect much delay in MSEDCL payments going forward, number one point. 
And definitely, PM KUSUM 2 will come with a lot of modifications. There are many things in 
it that the government is making vendor friendly. The government wants more and more 
solarization in India, more and more pumps for farmers. So, all those schemes or the kind of 
facility is being planned such that it's a win-win position. So, in PM KUSUM 2 definitely the 
entire industry is expecting very well in terms of receivables and in terms of policy. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
I will also like to add here, slightly unrelated, but just if you look at the situation to the 
geopolitical situation, I think the government is also clear that their requirement for solar energy 
or energy, you cannot depend on fossil fuel alone. And obviously, the alternate source is 
becoming even more important. It's just that this whole phase is slightly transitionary; solar is 
going to come in a big way, KUSUM is going to come in a big way, it's just a matter of time. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Sure sir. I agree on the solar part. I think KUSUM 2 will be very beneficial. Sir, I wanted to 
know if the prices, which are low now compared to before because costs have increased, will 
the prices also increase in line with the costs? That is the second question 
Vivek Gupta: 
Look, definitely the prices have increased, input costs have increased. So, in the tenders that will 
come in PM KUSUM 2, definitely we are expecting that the tender prices should increase here; 
that's the hope of the whole industry. But definitely, because the number of participants is 
multiple people, some new people want to enter. 
So, they desperately take some such calls somewhere that the price goes down; so, this becomes 
very tough, it's not in our hands. But in a broader way, if we look at the thought process, input 
costs have increased, challenges are bigger, all expenses are increasing. So, I have the thought 
process of the whole industry that tenders are going to come according to a fair value; this 
expectation is very strong. 
Karan Kamdar: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. If I can ask one more question, sir. The numbers that have come in H2, 
and you're saying that H1 will be similar to FY26. So, do you mean H1 to H1 or H1 to H2 of 
FY '26? From where will we be able to calculate growth? 
Vivek Gupta: 
H1, as I said H1 can be similar to FY26 or can be a decline from FY26 number one point. But 
overall, if we talk about the annual FY27, then definitely we are expecting a minimum growth 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
of 20% to 25% from there in the entire year. In which we have other business models, the 
diversified business from where we are getting very strong visibility, calculating all that.  
But as the nature of business, government business also depends on such power projects, on PM 
KUSUM, so definitely I will be able to give you more visibility of the year-on-year this year. 
But quarter-on-quarter, I feel myself that I should walk conservatively in H1 this year to give 
you visibility. That's why. 
Karan Kamdar:  
Got it, sir. Sir, one last question if I can. The funds we raised for the IPO for capex, all the capex 
is on track, any delays expected there? 
Vivek Gupta:  
Absolutely, all capex is 100% on track. A little bit of a delay of 2 or 4 months happens sometimes 
in implementing the infrastructure, the practical infrastructure. Otherwise, everything is very 
much on track. 
Karan Kamdar:  
Got it. Got it. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. Thank you. 
Vivek Gupta:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prakhar Tibrewala from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar Tibrewala: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, my 
question is more focused on your solar panel and module Surya Ghar basically targeted business. 
So how much will be our bidding pipeline in that now? And a follow-up on that is, are its margins 
equal to our KUSUM pumps or more or less? 
Vivek Gupta:  
Okay. Okay. Look, Prakhar ji, the biggest thing is that if I talk about the pipeline today, we are 
seeing a pipeline of around 300 megawatts, along with other activities that our team is working 
on, which we are seeing visibility of. In regarding profitability, so definitely today our first 
motto, since this is a strategic call, so our first motto is not just profitability. 
We are also going to experience ourselves in multiple projects this year. Plus, the PM Surya 
Ghar or others, the good thing is that we will gain profitability because we have backward 
integration available to a great extent in that too. So, we are not very worried there. But after 
doing a complete practical experience, we will reach the original conclusion as to which project 
we should make futuristic and which project we should not make after getting all these practical 
experiences. That's why. 
Prakhar Tibrewala:  
Okay, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Vivek Gupta:  
Thank you, Prakhar ji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Darshil Jhaveri:  
Hello. Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. Sir, I just wanted to know 
that our order book is around 19,000, so if that gets exhausted in Q1, if our KUSUM doesn't 
come until Q1 or Q2, then how will the Q2 revenues be impacted? I mean, if the KUSUM scheme 
is announced, tenders will all come, we will analyze them, bid, so what is that timeline? If we 
just understand as a date that... 
Sanjeev Sancheti:  
No, no, sorry. I just before Vivek ji answer, I want to just correct that the order in hand is about 
19,000, but there is a pipeline of 25,000 which is again largely related to KUSUM and Magel-
Tyala. So, it is not just those 19,000. So, I think part of the second quarter gets covered there. 
Rest I will leave Vivek ji to answer. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Okay, sir. So fair enough, thank you for that clarification, sir. So, if just wanted to 
understand how the PM KUSUM timeline ramps up, I mean, suppose that now on June 1st PM 
KUSUM gets announced, so just as a hypothetical, when -- how will our timeline be? Tenders 
will come, we will analyze, bid, it will open, so what is the lead way for that, sir? Hello? 
Sanjeev Sancheti:  
Vivek ji. Hello? 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjeev Sancheti:  
No, I think the -- I fear that the other side the company line may have dropped. Can I request the 
moderator to see if you can just get them back? And maybe you will have to repeat the question, 
a part of it I have already answered. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, yes, fair enough, that part is helpful, sir. So just the second part would be, yes. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
And we've also covered it in the -- in our presentation and opening remark, so you will be able 
to get it in the transcript as well in the presentation. I think maybe for some reason they would 
have got dropped. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Hello? 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Hello. 
Vivek Gupta:  
Darshil ji, will you please repeat your question? 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, sir. So, part of my question got answered. I just wanted to know, suppose, if the PM 
KUSUM scheme is announced now from June 1st, so how much time will it take for us to receive 
the order? I mean, there will be a process, right? Tenders will come, we will analyze, apply, it 
will be released, we will get L1 or L2, whatever it will be, so what timeline remains? I mean, is 
it two months, three months? How much time for number one, we getting the order, and number 
two, our execution and revenue starting up? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Look, we are expecting that this PM KUSUM 2.0 will be announced in the month of June, 
let's say. So practically, the numbers execution will start from Q3. I mean, in Q3 also, we are 
expecting from November that they will start executing practically. Before that, the call for 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
tenders, the entire execution part of tenders is finished within two months. Suppose they call for 
tenders in June, so maximum by August this call will happen. After that, the time remains to 
allot to state agencies. 
So, on the safer side, we assume that by the end of September, we get the LOIs and so on. After 
that, we also need a little time for internal preparation. So that's why on the safe side in the 
execution side, we are talking about November onwards. So, in Q3, Q4, in good numbers, the 
execution will happen there. We are already doing a lot of preparation for that and we will keep 
it ready. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
No, no, fair enough. Sir, just my only question regarding that was, suppose if this opportunity, 
if even a little bit of delay comes, then our Q3 can also be impacted. If after June, because of the 
West Asia crisis, the government doesn't want to spend now or if their focus is somewhere else, 
so even a little bit of delay will come, then our Q3 can also see a little impact. Is that a correct 
understanding, sir? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Look, if we talk on hypothesis, then your point is correct. But the way our PM also gave a speech, 
there also his focus is very clear that diesel, petrol consumption should be reduced, and this -- 
and in the Ministry too, it has come from the PMO that you demotivate the farmers who are 
operating on diesel as urgently as possible, solarize them. 
So now we cannot expect any kind of delay, and the government is now more aggressive about 
renewable energy seeing this geopolitical situation. And there the government feels that most 
because our country is an agriculture-based country, the largest major population is of 
agriculturists, and our economy is also agriculture-based. 
So, this is a -- for the government; it's one of the biggest -- it's a very big positive point; this is 
such a scheme. So, I think now the question of delay is not there; even it will be coming in a 
very, very more aggressive way. And the indications we've had from the last six to seven days, 
very aggressive indications have come. So that's why we are very, very confident that this is 
going to go to a very good level and in a very aggressive way. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, thank you sir. Fair enough, yes. That's it from my side. Thank you so much, sir. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Babulal Gandhi from Inoquest Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. Could you tell me what was the cost of the debt we repaid, 
the INR311 crores? 
Vivek Gupta: 
I didn't understand, sir. What? 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Out of the IPO proceeds, we repaid INR311 crores of debt, right? 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay, debt repayment. Of course. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
So, what was its cost to us? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Our listing of the IPO happened on June 20th. If we talk about the cost of debt or repayment of 
debt? 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Cost of debt. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Cost of debt, okay. It was around 9% cost at that time. 8.5% to 9% approximate cost. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. And the second, the INR200 crores from the IPO proceeds that were for general corporate, 
how much of that was used in working capital? 
Vivek Gupta: 
We used the entire money in working capital. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. And now that our expansion is happening and the subsidiary investment is happening, so 
what can be our potential peak turnover from that? Maybe in '29? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Look what we had originally planned -- because we are a prominent supplier in PM 
KUSUM 2.0, so we are expecting its business at a very large level too. At that same level, we 
enhanced our capacity to 2.1 gigawatts. So definitely, we are expecting a CAGR of around 30% 
to 40% in the coming years. So, we are absolutely intact on that. 
This year, the present year FY27, this year is a little challenging because it's getting delayed. 
Otherwise, in the coming years, we don't see any kind of challenge. By then, in fact, if we look 
at the thought process of six months ago or five months ago, at that time our mode was not very 
aggressive in the diversified business, which is today. 
So, I think the growth between 30% to 40% that we are seeing next year, we will achieve that 
easily, maybe more than that. So, I don't see any kind of gap there. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
No, his question is different, Vivek ji. He is saying that when our expansion is done, how much 
maximum revenue will we be able to do from that capacity? His question is not how much 
revenue we will do according to our demand; he's saying what is the peak turnover in this 
capacity.  
Sanjeev Sancheti : 
So that's what I'm saying. So, we -- in the scheme of things of what we are doing and what we 
have presently both on the pump and the solar module segment, I think we—Udit, you can 
correct me if I'm slightly off, but I think 6,500, 6,000 is what we can absolutely do. Or maybe 
more. 
Nitin Gandhi : 
From the current capacity of 2,600-2,800 existing, with expansion, it can go up to 6,500. 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Sanjeev Sancheti : 
It's very simple. We are increasing our pump capacity by about two and a quarter time, and 
modules are obviously going up by almost two and a half to three times. Yes. So that will give 
me a 6,000 plus top line without adding any further capacity expansion. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. And what risk do we have if this KUSUM -- now whatever supply chain disruption is 
there and price escalation is happening -- can margins go below 22%? Because if 20%-22% is 
there, then five months of working capital is being used, so maybe no one will even work below 
that, right? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Look, Nitin ji, one thing -- the geopolitical situation that has been created today, I think no one 
was able to expect that such a thing would happen. So today, it is very difficult to say what such 
uncertainty will come in the future. But if we assume for a minute that the situation today 
remains, and this situation doesn't even remain, that there is a bit of stability of the geopolitical 
situation. 
Then we are very sure that our profit margins will increase from here instead of decreasing 
because fundamentally everything is very aligned, backward integration is aligned, those 
capacities are increasing, and even our team is doing value engineering very aggressively on 
other things. So those things are very aligned. 
But the situation which is external, which is beyond our control -- so definitely that also creates 
such a situation where your input costs absorb and increase, which are beyond your control. But 
its effect cannot be only on Oswal Pumps Limited; it will be on the entire industry. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
And also, most of it is transitionary, so you may see impact for a quarter or two, but I don't think 
some of these are really permanent. Most of these are transitionary. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Right, sir. And do we have any such thought that this much market share should remain ours in 
this KUSUM, we will bid according to that, is there any such thought or strategy? 
Vivek Gupta: 
In PM KUSUM -- Nitin ji, the company has given a lot of its time in PM KUSUM to build its 
expertise, to build its network, and our entire infrastructure is involved. So definitely, look, today 
the volume is increasing; earlier when the volume was less, then it was a matter of what the share 
should be. Today the matter is how much your business should be. 
So, since we are expecting a big business in PM KUSUM 2.0, overall, the government is also 
thinking big. So definitely the targets we have for growth, we expect that we will get that anyway 
because we are available to the very root, and the availability of number of pumps installation 
and everything and infrastructure is very good with us. So that we can definitely we are going 
to get that. There doesn't seem to be any challenge there. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
 
Can you share any numbers as to what percentage share will be ours? 
Vivek Gupta: 
It all depends on what quantum is going to come, how it's going to come. Based on that, we will 
be able to talk about any quantum. But I can say that whatever the rumours are, the rumours are 
of multiples. That's why giving a statement about an exact figure is a bit difficult. Right. Yes. 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay, sir. All the best. 
Vivek Gupta: 
 
Thank you, Nitin. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hardik from HPMG. Please go ahead. 
Hardik:  
 
Hi sir, congratulations on a good set of numbers am I audible? 
Vivek Gupta: 
 
Hi. Hardik. 
Hardik: 
So, the question was on the lines of first that, is it correct we are entering into the solar inverter 
space? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Yes. Definitely, look, our team is already doing good work in electronics in solar pumping. So, 
our internal team has also started working on solar inverters, because we are entering rooftop. 
So simultaneously, we have started internal work on inverters too. So, we are a little very hopeful 
that in the coming future, we will bring this product into our basket too. 
Hardik: 
Right. So, is it a back, end-to-end product or is it more of an assembly work which we will be 
doing? 
Vivek Gupta: 
No. Starting, if we talk about in coming few months, we are going to start with assembly. But 
parallelly, as I said, our team has started working aggressively on its electronics, its software, its 
hardware. So, we are quite very sure that end-to-end, within next six months to seven months, 
we will start its internal production. 
Hardik: 
Right, sir. But from what I've seen in the market and heard from other people, other players, the 
segment is very cut-throat. Most of the players are facing extensive competition from Chinese 
players and bottom line also, I think they are just breaking even on the cash front. So, what are 
your thoughts on that? Will this be dragging our margins in the near future? 
Vivek Gupta: 
You're talking about inverters specifically? 
Hardik:  
 
Yes, sir. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Look, definitely. But our point is that we are taking the inverter as a part of backward integration; 
it's an input item from our entire projects. So, we are not taking the inverter as a solo sale model. 
We are seeing it as a facilitation for ourselves, as has been our old strategy with all our backward 
integrations; we have never made them a revenue model.  
We have made them our backward integration in terms of supply chain, to control the quality as 
well as profit enhancement. This is all our motto. In the same way, we are planning in inverters 
that the inverter, since it's going to go into our entire projects, we are going to use it ourselves, 
so it will be the part of that entire project. 
Hardik:  
 
Right, so it will be like a package deal? 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Vivek Gupta: 
Yes, package. And second, look, with inverters, our controlling factor increases a lot in terms of 
quality, data, and definitely it will give us some input. Since we are working very well in 
inverters, we are quite very sure that we are going to get some profitability too; it's not that we 
won't get profitability.  
So, it's a sort out all type of complete to capture all the basket. I mean, where we have the supply 
chain also in control, our quality is also our, how we can give a better thing to our customer by 
doing R&D, that is also there. So, in this way, if we look at the whole basket, then we are in a 
plus position. We will be in a plus position. 
Hardik: 
Right, right sir. And the second question was on those same lines that when will you launch this 
product, when will revenue start kicking in? And second, again on the same lines, assuming this 
KUSUM 2.0 doesn't come for the near, at least for the one or two quarters, right? And there is a 
slow, assuming there is a slowdown on the other individual state capex, right? 
So, if we keep the entire pump revenue aside, so from the PM Surya Ghar Yojana and any other 
schemes what we are targeting, what kind of base revenue excluding pump we are looking on a 
quarterly basis? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Look, if we talk on hypothesis that the PM KUSUM YOJANA scheme is very delayed, which 
expectation is next to zero, still let's assume. So, if we talk other than pump, then definitely we 
are focusing in many places, like we are also focusing a lot on export this time, we are also trying 
to enhance our private network and will do that. 
Simultaneously, as I mentioned, PM Surya Ghar. So, we are entering PM Surya Ghar in 
government projects as well and in private business as well. So, from there too, we will definitely 
bring revenue. So, if PM KUSUM is not there, then definitely once, there can be a bit of a hit on 
our revenue; I will definitely not deny this. 
But one thing is very clear: as a fundamentally, Oswal is very strong. And Oswal has a very 
strong team fundamentally, financial is also very strong, and infrastructure as well as network, 
all these strengths are already with Oswal. So, there can be a temporary turbulence in business; 
for that, our team is not demotivated anywhere, the team is not in this kind of thing that if 
temporarily we have some kind of turbulence, then we will have a negative thought. 
No problem, it's a part and parcel of business that if there is a little temporary decline in business, 
no problem. We have very big plans in the long run, we are very optimistic and confident there 
too that we will go into a good revenue, good profitability, good market scenario, diversified 
and all kinds of business. Because the risk factor with Oswal is at least in terms of fundamentally 
is very low. 
Hardik: 
Right sir, but my question was not on that line. Question was more from, if we leave pump, even 
leave export pumps. So, pump as a whole segment leave, right? So, if we combine PM Surya 
Ghar Yojana, solar panel sales, solar panel installation, and inverter. All this combined, on an 
average what run rate will be our quarterly basis? 

 
Oswal Pumps Limited 
 
 
May 18, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Vivek Gupta: 
Well, as I told you, we want to grow very fast in this segment. But since this is going to be our 
first year, our experiences are also going to work here, what experiments we are going to 
experience in every tender, in every market. After that, how aggressive a call we will have to 
take in that field. So, I cannot say exactly how much revenue we will be able to do in these fields 
today exactly, because these are all my new fields. 
Hardik: 
Some, like your ballpark will be there that our target is that let's say in the first year INR100 
crores to INR200 crores? 
Vivek Gupta: 
This year, ballpark, I am expecting a business of around INR1,000 crores in this direction this 
year. Approximately. I am easily expecting from this business. For this, we have a very clear 
vision which is visible. Now practically, what experiences are going to happen in implementing 
it in the system, which one we are going to choose more, that's a different matter. But we are 
seeing this much clear visibility. 
Hardik: 
Right, that's it from mine. All the best sir, thank you. 
Vivek Gupta: 
 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question of the day. I now hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Sanjeev Sancheti: 
Thank you everybody. On behalf of management, I would like to thank everybody and would 
like to hand over the call for the closing remark to Vivek Ji. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Thank you very much. The trust you all have placed in Oswal Pumps Limited, we are very 
assured that the company, its team, will move forward with full dignity and with your full 
confidence, and this is our assurance. Thank you very much. Thank you all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of the Oswal Pumps Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
