 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
Regd. & Corp. Office: Pearl Tower, Plot No. 51, Sector-32, Gurugram – 122001, Haryana (India) 
Tel: +91-124-4651000 l E: info@pearlglobal.com 
CIN: L74899HR1989PLC140150 
w w w . p e a r l g l o b a l . c o m 
 
 
 
PGIL/SE/2026-27/18 
 
 
Date: May 20, 2026 
 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATE SERVICES - 
CRD 
BSE LIMITED 
1ST FLOOR, NEW TRADING RING  
ROTUNDA BUILDING, P. J. TOWERS  
DALAL STREET, FORT, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
THE GENERAL MANAGER, 
LISTING DEPARTMENT 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD. 
“EXCHANGE PLAZA”, PLOT NO. C- 1, 
 G- BLOCK, BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX, 
BANDRA ( E ),  
MUMBAI - 400 051 
 
Reg: Scrip Code: BSE-532808;  
                                       NSE - PGIL  
 
Ref: Transcript of Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated May 15, 2026, regarding submission of audio recording of the Earnings 
Call held with Investors/ Analyst on May 15, 2026, to discuss Company's Audited Financial Results for the 
Quarter and Year ended March 31, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
Conference Call. 
 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
 
(Shilpa Saraf) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI M. No.: ACS-23564  
 
 
SHILPA 
SARAF
Digitally signed 
by SHILPA SARAF 
Date: 2026.05.20 
11:06:16 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Pearl Global Industries Limited 
Q4 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PALLAB BANERJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY GANDHI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SHISHIR GAHOI – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS – INVESTOR 
RELATIONS ADVISORS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Pearl Global Industries Limited Q4 and 
FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir Gahoi, Head of Investor Relations of Pearl Global 
Industries Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Shishir Gahoi: 
Welcome to our earnings call for Q4 FY '26 and financial year '26. I hope you all have an 
opportunity to review our press release and the investor presentation, which are available under 
the Investors section of our website, and the same are also uploaded on the BSE and NSE 
website. 
 
To discuss our results, we have with us our Managing Director, Mr. Pallab Banerjee; and our 
Group CFO, Mr. Sanjay Gandhi. They will take you through our results and business 
performance, after which we will proceed for the question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we start, I just want to highlight that this call may include forward-looking statements 
based on the company's current views and expectations. Actual results could be different as 
future performance is uncertain and involves risks that are hard to predict. 
 
I will now hand over the call to our MD, Mr. Pallab Banerjee. Over to you, Pallab ji. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Thank you, Shishir. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the full year of financial 
year '26 earnings call. We continue to sustain our growth momentum in top line and bottom line 
despite the challenging and uncertain macro environment driven by our focused execution and 
the multi-location presence. 
 
In this year under review, we crossed revenue of INR5,000 crores and our EBITDA stood at 
INR468 crores at 9.3%. Excluding the incremental loss at new facilities of Bihar and Guatemala 
and the tariff cost that we bear this year stands at 10.3%. 
 
Our installed capacity reached 101 million pieces per annum. With the completion of financial 
year '26, we feel that we are solidly on track with our vision of FY '28 shared with all of you 
earlier and all this while we continue to improve on our efficiencies, governance and ratings. 
 
Now an update on the key positive developments in our industry during this year. As you all 
know that we all experienced a roller coaster ride with the U.S. tariff in this year of '26. 
Especially for India, first, a 25% tariff was levied. And on top of this, another 25% penalty was 
put on to Indian goods. 
 
And both these are on top of the MFN duties already prevalent for U.S. Thus, the total charges 
went up to the range of 65% to 69% of Indian-made garments out of cotton fabric. After 6 months 
of this painful situation, a deal between U.S. and India brought this IEEPA tariff down to 18%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
And then, of course, the U.S. Supreme Court declared the IEEPA tariff as not legal. And now 
businesses in U.S. are starting to file legal cases for refunds, though it may not be so easy as it 
sounds, and currently, a 10% tariff under the Section 122 is in place till the month of July for all 
countries exporting to U.S. 
 
Meanwhile, the U.S. retailers got a big respite from the tariff and consumer sentiments have 
been very positive as seen in their results for the first quarter. Equally important for India would 
be the FTA, which is signed between India and U.K. and between India and EU. 
 
Although we still await the implementation date, customers have started visiting and are excited 
about this opportunity to diversify their sourcing into India more and from the overdependence 
on duty-free countries like Bangladesh and Cambodia. 
 
Now with these agreements, alongside earlier bilateral and free trade agreements that were 
already in place, India will have preferential access to all major global markets, which are served 
by Pearl Global, namely the U.S.A., European Union, United Kingdom, Japan and Australia. 
 
Meanwhile, other manufacturing hubs of ours such as Bangladesh, Vietnam, Indonesia already 
benefit from this duty-free access, thus ensuring that Pearl Global's diversified footprint remains 
highly competitive. 
 
With a comprehensive market access across geographies, we believe Pearl Global is strongly 
positioned to continue its growth beyond financial year '28, while withstanding the potential 
shocks resulting from geopolitical conflicts and ever-changing global macro environment. 
 
Now let me take you through the outlook across our geographies, starting with India. FY '26 
profitability marginally improved despite the discounts which we extended to U.S. clients during 
the tariff period to maintain the strong relationships that we already have, which had a temporary 
impact on our margins. 
 
This improvement was driven by our cost restructuring. With the removal of U.S. tariffs, along 
with the India-EU FTA and the U.K. FTA, we anticipate higher volumes, increased sourcing 
from India and renewed growth in our Indian operations from financial year '27 onwards, which 
were impacted last year, mainly because of U.S. tariffs. 
 
We already have a very significant existing business with customers of European Union and 
United Kingdom who are keen to place business in India as well. By leveraging the expanded 
capacity and the enhanced capabilities that we have recently established in India, we are ready 
to play an important role in driving growth and delivering the improved profitability going 
forward. 
 
Moving on to Bangladesh. As a country, this is on track since the new elected government, our 
operations that we have in Bangladesh are running smoothly. It is witnessing a strong growth in 
the garment exports with shipments to key markets such as Europe -- U.S., U.K., EU, Spain, of 
course, Spain comes under EU only and Canada, showing consistent momentum. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
The ongoing capex project is expected to be completed in first half of 2027, it will further expand 
the capacity by approximately 6 million pieces over the next 2 years of financial year '27 and 
financial year '28. Driven by recent customer additions, mature operations and upcoming 
capacity enhancements, our Bangladesh operations are well positioned to sustain growth 
momentum and strengthen our contribution to overall performance. 
 
In Indonesia, we have been updating you about our ramping up on our recently commissioned 
factory. Indonesia capacity utilization has increased to 47% of its total established capacity that 
we have there in this year. Last year, it was about 39%. Now this is being driven by the customer 
demand and continued focus on the premium clients. 
 
We are confident that our Indonesia operations will deliver both top line and bottom line from 
this year onwards.  
In Vietnam, during this year, we witnessed a strong growth momentum in our operations. 
Capacity utilization improved to 80% plus in the current year compared to 63% of last year. 
Vietnam has proven to be an important manufacturing hub for the U.S. market and continues to 
enhance our competitiveness across all other major geographies. 
 
Encouraged by the strong customer traction, we plan to have additional capacity in Vietnam, 
which would further deepen the customer engagement and increase the wallet share. In 
Guatemala, we remain focused on improving efficiencies and reducing our losses with a positive 
outlook and further progress expected in the coming financial year. 
 
With that, let me hand over to Sanjay Gandhi, our Group CFO, to share the financial highlights. 
Sanjay, over to you. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you, Pallab. Welcome all to our quarter 4 and full year FY '26 earnings call. I will now 
take you through our financial and operational performance. FY '26 consolidated performance. 
FY '26 was a record year for us where we marked our highest ever consolidated revenue 
performance despite geopolitical uncertainty. 
 
Consolidated revenue grew to INR5,025 crores, up 11.5% year-on-year. This strong growth was 
driven by volume and high value-added products growth in overseas business. Adjusted 
EBITDA, excluding ESOP expense, stood at INR468 crores, up by 14% in FY '26. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 9.3%, excluding tariff impact of INR36 crores and 
incremental loss in Bihar and Guatemala, approximately INR13 crores, adjusted EBITDA 
margin stands at 10.3% for the full year. PAT in FY '26 stands at INR270 crores, a strong growth 
of 17% on a year-on-year basis.  
Quarter 4 FY '26 consolidated performance. 
 
In quarter 4 FY '26, we achieved our highest ever quarterly revenue with total revenue standing 
at INR1,314 crores approximately, reflecting a growth of 6.9% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA, 
excluding ESOP expenses at INR135 crores, up by 13.7% year-on-year with a margin at 10.3%, 
which has been the highest ever EBITDA margin in any quarter so far. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA margin, excluding the reciprocal tariff impact of INR5 crores and 
incremental loss in Bihar and Guatemala of INR3 crores, adjusted EBITDA margin stands at 
10.9% at a group level. PAT rose to INR81 crores grew by 24.6% year-on-year. Now talking 
about stand-alone financial performance.  
FY '26 standalone performance:  
In FY '26, total revenue stood at INR1,081 crores. 
 
Adjusted EBITDA, excluding ESOP expense stands at INR67 crores with a margin at 6.2%, up 
by 60 bps year-on-year, mainly due to cost restructuring efforts done in the organization. 
Adjusted EBITDA margin, excluding tariff cost of INR19 crores, stands at 8% for full year. PAT 
stands at INR69 crores compared to INR55 crores in FY '25. 
 
Quarter 4 standalone performance. For quarter 4 FY '26, total revenue stood at INR304 crores. 
Adjusted EBITDA, excluding ESOP expense, stands at INR24 crores, EBITDA margin at 7.9%. 
Excluding tariff cost of INR5 crores, adjusted EBITDA margin stands at 9.6%. PAT stands at 
INR14 crores. 
 
Balance sheet highlights.  
Our strong performance at the group level is reflected in our strengthened balance sheet. Net 
worth as on 31 March 2026 stood at INR1,438 crores compared to INR1,146 crores as on 31 
March 2025. Cash and bank balance, excluding cash earmarked for LC payments stood at 
INR634 crores as on 31 March '26 compared to INR513 crores as on 31 March 2025. Working 
capital days stood at 43 days as on 31 March 2026. Return on capital employed stood at 28% as 
on 31st March 2026. 
  
Other highlights.  
In line with our stated dividend policy and commitment to shareholder returns, the company 
declared a second interim dividend of INR8.50 per share, representing 170% of face value for 
financial year '25-'26.The total dividend for FY '26 stands at INR14.50 per share, 290% of the 
face value. This is the highest ever dividend payout ratio by the company, which represents 25% 
of the group PAT of FY '26. We are happy to share that the company has achieved a notable 
improvement in its credit profile with the long-term credit rating upgraded from BBB stable in 
2021 to A+ stable for a long term in 2026. 
 
So we have been consistently improving our credit profile for last 5 years. Concurrently, the 
short-term rating has advanced from ICRA A3+ to A1+, underscoring our robust liquidity and 
operational resilience despite the challenging macroeconomic environment. Our installed 
capacity has crossed 100 million pieces milestone, significantly ahead of our earlier target of H1 
FY '27. 
 
With Bangladesh ongoing capex expected to be completed by H1 FY '27, this will further 
increase capacity by 6 million to 7 million pieces during FY '27, only from this capex.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Capex update for FY '26, please refer to Slide 8 of the investor presentation. A capex of INR250 
crores has already been committed and is expected to be completed by H1 FY '27. This timeline 
is in line with what was declared at the beginning of the financial year.  
Capex planning for FY '27. We continue to build capacity and capability across groups, and we 
are in the process of outlining capex commitment of INR200 crores to INR250 crores for FY '27 
across geographies. 
 
We'll update you further on detailed capex plan in the coming quarters. A couple of 
commitments, which have already been approved by the Board in quarter 1 are as follows. The 
company through its step-down subsidiary company, DSSP Global Limited, Hong Kong will be 
acquiring an additional 10% stake from minority shareholder in PT Pinnacle Apparels Indonesia 
for a consideration of $1.4 million. 
 
Post the acquisition, the company through its step-down subsidiary will hold 99.92% stake in 
PT Pinnacle Apparels Indonesia. We have also identified a land parcel in Vietnam and are at 
advanced stage of concluding the purchase. The purchase consideration could be in the range of 
$2.5 million to $3 million. 
 
In summary, we have sustained the growth momentum built in earlier years. FY '26 performance 
is a testament to the strength of the Pearl Global diversified business model, which has enabled 
us to sustain growth even in uncertain geopolitical environment. 
 
With this, I now hand over to the moderator to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Bharat Gulati from Dalal & Broacha. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Congratulations on the great set of numbers. I just had a question regarding growth that has come 
in this quarter. India has seen a sharp degrowth of about 23% and which predominantly is an 
India-heavy quarter and its overall contribution last quarter from 32% has dropped to 23%, 
whereas the other segment that we report in our audited results, that has shot up significantly on 
a Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis to INR214 crores, which I predominantly understand is Guatemala. 
So, could you explain where that spike came in? And also, we've achieved profitability in that 
segment. So just wanted to understand the sustainability of that EBIT going forward? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Okay. I will start and then Sanjay can add to it. See, what happened in India, we were under the 
very high tariff from U.S. market of almost 50%. So most of our retailers were pushing us to 
take out as much as goods from India and manufacture in the other countries. So -- but still, like 
we -- certain customers like which we are serving only from India, we continue to pay the 
discounts and still continue to have the goods in India. 
 
So that's the reason you are seeing that the India total number has come down for this quarter. 
Now why in this particular quarter? Because since August of 2025, this tariff was levied. And 
whatever was the existing orders that we already had at that point in time, that shipped out by -
- mostly by about December and Jan. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
 
So that net impact of the U.S. tariff or the reduction of business, specifically in India came in 
this period of time. Other markets continued. And similarly, like most of the U.S. gain that we 
have in terms of the customers, the wallet share and other things that we took that advantage 
from the other locations of ours. In terms of numbers, Sanjay, do you want to give? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So the first -- There are these 2, 3 points which you mentioned in your queries. First is the 
growth in overseas business. The growth in overseas business is coming from the volume and 
the value-added product from -- primarily from Vietnam, Bangladesh and Indonesia. So that's 
the first part of the question, which is there. 
 
Second is, I think you mentioned about sustainability of EBIT margin, which has been achieved, 
how sustainable it will be. So given that we have mentioned earlier in our earlier earnings calls 
as well that inherently, if you look at the business capability, once we exclude the reciprocal 
tariff and the initial ramp-up of setup cost in operations like Bihar, we have been consistently 
maintaining on delivering that 10% double-digit EBITDA margin. 
 
Now having delivered now 10%, having achieved a 10% EBITDA margin for this quarter, after 
looking at all the strength and addressing the inefficiency, which is there in some pockets, which 
we mentioned about the losses in Guatemala and Bihar, we are pretty confident at this stage to 
really maintain 10% EBITDA for the full year as we start FY '27. 
 
Third question was about the gross margin. The gross margin is largely a function of the product 
mix. So given the product mix we have, it's also seasonal at quarter 4, if you are really referring 
to, that is something as a combination of the product mix, customer mix. So given the same 
consistency of the product and customer mix, we believe that profile will also continue for the 
same quarter. Every quarter is a different quarter because of seasonality in our business. So that 
will continue. And I guess these were the 3 points which were to be covered. I hope I have 
addressed all of them. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Sir, it was more specifically related towards the other segment that we report, which is primarily 
Guatemala to my understanding, that has seen a huge spike up this quarter. So, is that going to 
be sustainable on the top line and bottom line? Because we've delivered about INR85 million in 
EBIT in that section and about INR214 crores in terms of top line. So is that run rate is going to 
be sustainable going forward even as India business and everything comes back? Just trying to 
understand that? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So, I would just like to correct here. In our segment reporting, we mentioned Hong Kong, 
India, Bangladesh, Vietnam and others. So what happened, Guatemala is part of our other 
segment where we have Indonesia as well. We have Dubai entity as well. We have U.S. entity 
as well. 
 
So, it's not Guatemala, which is bringing the quarter 4 growth. It's -- as I mentioned, the growth 
is coming largely because of the high value and the volume, which is being driven in Bangladesh, 
Vietnam and Indonesia. That has been the large part of driving. And as I mentioned that this 
growth and these numbers are a sustainable number on a year-on-year basis in the same quarter-
by-quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Bharat Gulati: 
So sir, it would be fair to say that this quarter has been a huge spike up in Indonesia revenue, 
which has aided for the loss in revenues from India. That would be the right understanding? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
All 3, as I mentioned, see, we follow a build-to-ship-to model. So the Dubai, U.S. and Hong 
Kong -- sorry, Dubai, U.S. and Indonesia, Guatemala all will be combined in that other segment. 
So there is a growth of transactions in all these geographies. And the billing, which happened to 
U.S. and Dubai happen for all the Bangladesh operation, also Vietnam operation and Indonesia 
operation. So largely, it is a combination of 3 entities, which is really pushing the sale up. And 
we believe that this will be sustainable, yes. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got that. And in terms of Guatemala, are we still in losses in Guatemala and that do we achieve 
the breakeven in the start of FY '27 or will that take some time to achieve that breakeven? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So, Guatemala operations, we have reworked on the strategy of operations in Guatemala. 
And given that strategy, as we are in the first quarter of FY '27, I see that it is working out, and 
we should be able to have breakeven in FY '27. We'll keep you updated as the progress has 
happened during the quarter, but our estimate and our strategy with the way it is devised is to 
really definitely achieve a breakeven in this year. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got that, sir. Got that. And just in terms of EBITDA margins for India, excluding tariffs, we've 
achieved a 9.6% EBITDA in India. Can we expect this EBITDA to go to group levels by FY 
'28? And just on where do we see this number going forward, given that with such significant 
degrowth in top line and deleverage, we still managed to get this margin in? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So as a part of -- so quarter 4 for India, if you see the last year, we had 10.2% EBITDA. So 
seasonality-wise, if you look at India, the quarter 4 has always been the robust and will continue 
to be the robust. And we are pretty confident that India also should generate definitely quarter 
4, specifically, if I have to mention, in FY '27 as well, double-digit EBITDA. 
 
And our effort is to have high single-digit EBITDA for the full year. And for sure, as we 
accomplish that number in stand-alone results, that will get reflected in the group results as well 
on the higher side. It should show improvement there. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And just on the aim that we set out for FY '28 to have a built-out capacity of 
125 million to 130 million-odd pieces. Just trying to understand how much of that capacity that 
we add going forward from here, which is roughly some 25 million, 30 million-odd capacity 
would be utilizable in FY '28? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So if you see like we continue to expand our capacity. Already, we have given you the details 
of the Bangladesh expansion, which started. And I think those factories, the 2 units that we are 
setting up, one for washing and one for stitching garments. So both will be ready in the second 
half of this year. 
 
And that, I think, ramp-up will continue to happen within this year and the next year in terms of 
the output production. And similarly, like -- as you just heard that we are also looking at Vietnam 
expansion because there is a good opportunity of business out there. And so we are buying a 
land and building up a greenfield project there as well. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
So all the details of that, what size of capex and all will be told to you as we go through all the 
details in the next few quarters. In terms of India also, like we have started the Bihar factory, 
now it's in the ramping up phase. So all these things, if you look at it today, as I speak on 31 of 
-- looking at 31 of March, where we were, we were at 101 million pieces of our established 
capacity. 
 
Now all of the factories are not running at full capacity or we haven't hired all the people as yet 
because it's in the ramp-up mode. And as you know, in garments, like we go line by line. Once 
the production establishes in one line profitability, then we go into the next. So that's the kind of 
-- you will always see that we are putting more and more capacity. 
 
So by 2028, what we had foreseen is that we should be having established capacity of anywhere 
between 125 million to 130 million, and we should be shipping around 100 million pieces to get 
to that target of INR6,000 crores that we spoke about. 
Bharat Gulati: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And just on realizations, if I can squeeze in one last question. The tariff impact, 
once it goes out of our business, how much realization gain will that bring us? If you can just 
clarify that? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So there will be a gain, but very difficult to quantify from the point of view of how much the 
tariff cost will actually translates because every season there will start a fresh negotiation and 
the discussion and the fresh cost structure. 
 
So, ideally speaking, if you look at your number, there will be definitely improvement, and that's 
what is giving us the confidence that in this full year basis, we should be achieving a 10% 
EBITDA margin, which really factored into some of the cost which incurred in FY '26 will not 
be there in FY '27 and the operational improvement, which we just mentioned in your earlier 
question regarding Guatemala. 
 
So I think these 2 factors, which we really analysed it and looked at it gives us a good confidence 
of having -- achieving a 10% EBITDA on a full year basis. 
Bharat Gulati: 
So would it be fair to say that realization from here would improve, at least not go down? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
That's the target realization. We are already at INR635, INR640 per garment. And I think it 
should continue it should sustain. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Per unit, it also depends on what kind of ratio that we are ending up between knits and wovens. 
So that will be always depending on where the need is, what kind of demand that we are seeing 
from which segment of the customer base. So if it is more of the Primark's and other people like 
where the FOBs are less, so then that will swing the number to a little bit. So, that's something 
very difficult to project. But yes, our overall goal is INR600 plus, as Sanjay mentioned, INR630 
and all. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kishore Kumar from Unifi Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Kishore Kumar: 
First of all, congrats to the team for delivering such a resilient performance in Q4 and FY '26. 
Sir, I'd like to start with your comments on energy cost, and its impact on the raw materials and 
the freight costs that you have mentioned in the investor presentation. So as you know, the cotton 
prices and the polyester prices have increased a lot since the start of the war. 
 
And how is Pearl Global managing this? And is the current pricing negotiation that we are 
actually doing with our customers reflecting the increase? Plus, given the increasing inflation all 
around the globe, particularly in the U.S., what are you hearing from your customers? And how 
do you see the demand trend panning out in the coming quarters? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. So if I go one by one, first of all, the energy impact, 2 parts to it, like whatever is the raw 
material cost increase that is coming because of this is visible to us as well as our customers. So 
when we negotiate price, normally, we give that visibility, okay, this is the raw material cost and 
this is our additional value addition that we are doing. 
 
So generally, that impact is suddenly like if you have booked the business and after that, some 
increase happens, then it impacts us. Otherwise, that also at a maximum of about 1 to 2 months. 
So that's how, like our industry, the impact should be less. But yes, because of energy impact, if 
manpower is missing or if something happens on that regard, then it will be another problem for 
us. 
 
What we see as of now, both these things are workable and manageable. In terms of demand 
trend that we are talking about in U.S. because of the current inflationary environment that U.S. 
is undergoing, surprisingly, like the resilience that we are seeing from the consumers and the 
buying pattern. 
 
So that definitely is quite good at this point of time. If you see like if you compare with 2022, 
when the oil prices were in the similar range of $110, that time we saw that there's a huge drop 
in the consumer sentiments. So we have not seen that in U.S. so far. Yes, the experts are talking 
about in the second half of U.S., there could be a little bit of more inflation and more slowdowns. 
But let's see, as of now, we are not seeing that trend. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, just a follow-up. So when we actually book a new order, we simultaneously place 
fabric order with our supplier.  
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. So as soon as the order yes, immediately, we place the business. And then the raw material 
costs are already fixed with the supplier. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Yes, correct. Got it. Got it. Sir, also, you spoke about the incremental capacity that we are 
actually bringing in, in India and in Bangladesh and the EU and U.K. FTA being the business 
which actually will come in the coming quarters. But given this actually the tariff cost, we 
actually moved some of the business from India to the other regions. Do you see that coming 
back to India, which actually can aid in the capacity utilization in the interim? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. I think both are applicable. One, because of these FTAs, we are seeing a lot of interest, 
especially from the U.K. and EU customers, like who were earlier, if you see, if you study these 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
customers, they were heavily penetrated in countries like Bangladesh, Cambodia and all, where 
because of the LDC status, there was no tariff. 
 
Now that today, like if India opens up as a much more stable country, much larger country, 
definitely, their preference would be to have a bigger presence in India. So that  trend has already 
started. Most of these customers, we were already doing business in Bangladesh. They are, in 
fact, engaging with us to grab some additional capacity in India. 
 
So that's one thing that we can see already happening. Whether these business of U.S., which 
was shifted to other countries will come back to India, yes, for the ones that the raw material is 
easily available in India and is more competitive than the other countries, definitely, it makes 
sense to produce those kinds of goods in India. 
 
So we will continue to take that call. In terms of our capacity, yes, what we are seeing is today, 
the order book that we have and the capacity that we have in India, that's perfectly matching. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Pretty clear. Also, sir, we were actually keeping a target of INR6,000 crores top 
line in FY '28 and that translate to a 9% CAGR over the next 2 years. Is that the minimum that 
you are targeting or should we keep actually 12 percentage to 14% that we are guiding for the 
last year? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, 12% to 14% is something like we have been talking about as a CAGR that we have planned. 
Of course, there are certain years where we get more opportunity to grow the business like it 
happened last year, we had a reasonable growth in Bangladesh and all. So that's something like 
compared to that, like this year, because of tariff from U.S. with all the global -- all countries of 
sourcing. 
 
So there was definitely some kind of -- that growth pattern was slowed a little bit. But I think, 
yes, if the more opportunity comes, then we should be growing at a faster rate, at least we are 
ready in terms of our capacity. Otherwise, like the goal of INR6,000 crores, as you said, is 
achievable even with a modest growth of 9% for both the years. So yes, we are quite confident 
that we should be hitting that target and maybe more. 
Kishore Kumar: 
Got it. Sir, lastly, a bookkeeping question. Given the incremental capacity that we are adding in 
India and Bangladesh in H2, how much incremental start-up cost should we actually factor in? 
The 10 percentage that we are guiding for FY '27, does it include the incremental cost? And 
what is the incremental depreciation that we should keep? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So it does factor into the incremental costs which will be incurred during the stabilization 
phase. In terms of the depreciation, if you look at our balance sheet, -- the capital work in 
progress is at INR110 crores. This is largely pertaining to the Bangladesh factory expansion 
plan. There will be addition -- there are some commitments already done. 
 
Some work is in progress in H1 of this year, which we said by that time, the entire factory should 
be ready. So we should have another INR40 crores, INR50 crores adding to that capitalization. 
So around INR150 crores will be there as we see it as of now on account of the ongoing capex. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
 
Now if during the year, as we are under -- as we are evaluating the capital commitment across 
geographies, there can be a further addition, which we'll update you in -- maybe in the next 
quarter or if we have call any time before. The depreciation will come around on that only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Soham Samanta from Motilal Oswal. 
Soham Samanta: 
So just wanted to check one thing. When we were saying INR6,000 crores target for FY '28. 
And on the other hand, we are saying our realization is INR630 now. And we are saying 100 
million shipping target by '28. So things are not matching. So do we look at realization declining 
for next couple of years? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So let me answer that. INR6,000 crores are something that we talked about in 2023. Yes. So 
that's the time that we gave ourselves this target. And so naturally, what you are seeing today in 
the last few years, like we have been ahead of that. And if this trend continues, like which we -
- as of now, we are quite confident what we are seeing in this particular year. So naturally, it 
should be like more -- quite more than INR6,000 crores. So that's… 
Soham Samanta: 
Yes, is it fair to assume 12% to 13% is achievable by looking at the current trend? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. If our global leaders continue to be sensible, I think that's the kind of rate that we have 
planned for. 
Soham Samanta: 
Okay. And in that case, if it is continuing in that case, so what is the driver? Like is it fair to 
assume that Bangladesh could be the largest driver in that business? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So we tend to -- Bangladesh is always in this period of last 3 to 4 years, you have seen 
Bangladesh was contributing a major part of our total turnover. So at the same time, we have 
been investing in the other markets. For example, this year, if you look at overall growth, I think 
Vietnam is more than the Bangladesh, the rate of growth that we have seen. 
 
So that's -- with that, keeping in mind, we are continuing to invest in Vietnam, Bangladesh and 
India, like because India, despite the problems, we have not stopped increasing our capacity 
because we think these are temporary. And at some point of time, it will be better. So that's 
something like we are encashing upon at this point of time as this demand is coming back. So 
we are investing in all the regions, not specifically only to Bangladesh. 
Soham Samanta: 
But if we were to chase the number 12% to 13% in that case, Bangladesh could be more than 
20% growth? Are we looking for next couple of years? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, I think we look at a group level. We mentioned that 12% to 14% CAGR is something we are 
working upon. And given that trajectory, in 1 year, one origin will contribute more. In second 
year, the other origin will contribute because the capacity commercialization has a lag. So, it 
will keep on happening and every country will contribute significantly. Overall, at a group level, 
we are looking at 12% to 14% growth to continue. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Soham Samanta: 
Got it. And sir, the last from my side that you said that double-digit -- lower double-digit margin 
will continue. So we expect that similar like 10% to 11% margin will continue for full year, for 
FY '27? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
I lost your voice in between, sorry. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
I think margin. 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Your question is about the margin. EBITDA margin. EBITDA margin? 
Soham Samanta: 
Yes, yes. EBITDA margin for FY '27? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So I mean -- so our trajectory is definitely 10% to 12%. So 10% is our first big milestone from 
the company perspective, given that the expansion which has been taking place. So yes, I mean, 
we are looking at a range of 10% to 12% in the coming years, starting with FY '27. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shankar from ICICI Direct. 
Abhishek Shankar: 
Congrats on a good set of results. So my question was basically, when I see the inventory days, 
it has moved up a bit. And is it fair to assume that this inventory days movement is basically 
because of lower shipments in quarter 4 or maybe in the second half of the year because of the 
second half of the quarter because there was a lot of issues relating to the shipments? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, I would -- so that's also one way of looking at it. The second way of looking is that it also 
depicts the higher shipment, which is expected in quarter 1. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Dubey from LFC Securities. 
Harsh Dubey: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers and very happy with the results. Just having 1 or 2 
questions. So, first is when we talk about Muji, I just wanted to understand we do have numbers 
for the contribution from our top 3 clients from the perspective of how much as a vendor we 
contribute to that sourcing. 
 
Just from the Muji perspective, since it's going to move from a tactical segment to a top tier. So 
what is an expectation of Muji contributing to our revenue, and then how much do we currently 
contribute to their vendor contribution that the supply that we do to them? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, Muji is a Japanese brand, as you know. So, they have been working with us for some time. 
Once the confidence gets built up, then they grew more rapidly in the last 2 to 3 years. We will 
continue to grow with them. We are -- at this point in time, we are in discussion with them to 
grow further. 
 
So both India and Bangladesh are the 2 countries that we are servicing from, and they are looking 
at the other country of origin as well potentially as a source. So in terms of total turnover from 
Muji, we had already crossed about, I think, $65 million, yes. So that will continue to grow. 
That's why like maybe your question is in the top 6. Yes, it is figuring in the top 6, and we expect 
it to continue to be there. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Harsh Dubey: 
Perfect. Sir, just on this, so just when Muji has like let's suppose when they are taking -- they 
have a lot of vendors. So how much as a vendor we contribute to their sourcing is one of the 
questions that I wanted to understand? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, unfortunately, that's not visible to me as yet. As we become more and more important to 
them and when I get that visibility, I can definitely share with them. Like for some of the U.S. 
customers, I have already said that, okay, we are at number 1 position or number 2 position or 
number 3 position. But yes, with Japanese, it might take a little bit more time to get to that level 
of transparency. 
Harsh Dubey: 
Perfect. Just on this, sir, when we say that we have Muji as a Japanese client, what I wanted to 
also understand is we said that we are also looking for other Japanese players to be onboarded 
as our client. Just as an example, is there a plan further to go with UNIQLO, which is one of the 
brands -- Japanese brands since they're already working with Muji? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So yes, Japanese as a market, we are looking at more seriously and what are the opportunities 
are there. Specifically, if you're talking about UNIQLO, that's not on the priority because these 
2 brands compete with each other to a certain extent. So, that's why, like there are many other 
brands or maybe like Fast Retailing has got a couple of more brands. So yes, all those are in the 
scope, and we will be putting all the effort to have a couple of more customers out of Japan. 
Harsh Dubey: 
Perfect, sir. On this, just another question. So, this will be having 3 parts. First is that we were 
saying that we are expecting to add new client in India. So, any update on that as of now? And 
also the second part to the question is, we do say that we are expecting approximately 12% to 
14% growth. 
 
Now as per my understanding, all the brands that we do cater to have a growth rate right now of 
approximately 7% to 8%. So, the other extra 4% increment, will that be majorly through the 
vendor consolidation? And specifically, how much is Pearl Global expected to benefit from this 
vendor consolidation that is happening? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, the addition of new clients, yes, as a group, we continue to add new clients. We go as per 
the need of the clients, which country of origin they are looking at and what kind of product they 
are looking at. So yes, anybody -- any -- once we identify, okay, these are the 2 or 3 clients that 
we should be working with. 
 
As I said earlier also, like what we do is we look at the growth of the client, their positioning in 
the market and their financial -- how confident we are about their financials. So these 3 things 
are the ones like what we consider while adding a client. 
 
So, specifically for India and other country, I think that will be immature for me to say at this 
point of time. But yes, we are continuously adding clients. Sorry, the second part of your 
question was in terms of 12% to 14% growth, what specifically was that? Can you just repeat? 
Harsh Dubey: 
So, my question was we say that 12% to 14% is the revenue growth that we expect, but major 
of our clients that we serve to have 7% to 8% of the growth. So are we expecting another 4% to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
5% growth coming from the vendor consolidation happening? And how probably we are going 
to experience that vendor consolidation? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
That's like gaining more and more wallet share of that particular customer by working very 
closely with them, giving them best of the services, best of designs, -- so it's a variety of factors. 
And as per Pearl Global, what the strength that they see is definitely a multi-location and multi-
category. So, both these factors also plays as we gain more and more wallet share from the same 
customer. So, that's why like our growth rate, we expect at least to be better than theirs. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Bajaj Alternative Investments 
Limited. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. My first question is regarding the entire INR250 
crores capex that will it be enough to do capacity addition of 25 million to 30 million pieces or 
we'll have to spend beyond INR250 crores? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
So, this INR250 crores will -- see the addition of the capacity, first of all, let me break this 
question into 2 parts. The addition of capacity has always been and will always remain a 
combination of in-house facilities plus the partnership facility. Both are under discussion at this 
point in time as we really speak. 
 
Part of it is factored in the capex program, which we just mentioned, about INR250 crores for 
the next financial year. The one which is underway should add 6 million to 7 million pieces from 
100 million. So we should be at 107 million plus additional 20 million, 20 million pieces. That 
will be capex plus the additional partnership facility. 
 
There may be more capex beyond INR250 crores as well, which is outlined for FY '27. But this, 
we -- as we mentioned that we are evaluating it, this is a ballpark number given. The number of 
actual capex may be more than that as well. So yes, that's the intent. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Okay. Got it. Fair enough. And sir, last 2, 3 years, you've taken various steps to increase the 
margins. I believe those have played out. Also going forward, are there any further room for 
margin improvement, all these steps like something like a laundry that you had established in 
Bangladesh and there were various other margin levers that you were predicting. I mean, that 
would lead to margin expansion over the year. So, are there still room for margin expansion 
going forward? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Yes. So, Bhavya, very appropriately, you captured that point of laundry capex. So that will not 
have an impact on the top line, but it will improve the EBITDA margin. So there is an 
improvement coming from that as well. The 10% EBITDA, which we are confident for FY '27 
is largely operational EBITDA, which we think we should achieve it, given that the way the 
business capability as of now has been established and demonstrated across the last 4 quarters 
and continue to be. 
 
So therefore, we state that journey of 10% to 12% will be a combination of all these capital 
expenditure like laundry and there may be other capex as well, which will improve the margin 
profile of the company. And while we continue to work on the various customer and product 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
profile to really bring more enhanced and the value addition to overall margin profile of the 
company. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Got it, sir. And for this 25 million to 30 million piece -- pieces addition, have we already locked 
customers or are we seeing any visibility from the customers over the next maybe couple of 
years or some -- have we engaged with the customers for this new capacity addition that we are 
planning from a demand standpoint? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So yes, what we are saying is that we continue to grow with the existing customer and then we 
also bring in the customers. So whether a customer has committed a number to us for this extra 
additional 25 million to 30 million over the next 2 years, I had mentioned this earlier also in our 
other calls that we do have certain strategic discussion with these customers where we get some 
amount of visibility. 
 
So, whether -- like it is -- everything is perfect and goes as per that, it's not a long-term order 
that they are placing with us. So, we do strategize with the customers, which category they are 
buying from us and what are the additional category they will be buying from us in future, what 
is their size and requirement. 
 
So, that discussion continues to happen as we do it with our existing customer as well as when 
we add a new customer, we look for the opportunity, what is their requirement first. And once 
we get them on board, then we try to increase our wallet share with them by offering multi-
location, multi-category of product. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manjubhashini from ASK Wealth Advisors Limited. 
Manjubhashini: 
First on the top line front, now that the tariff situation has eased out and we have also increased 
the capacity and fairly, the capacity in India has also ramped up in the last few quarters. So in 
this context, what -- how are the discussions with the clients happening now? What is it that the 
clients are looking for now? Is there any improvement in the timeline of orders being placed 
with us? 
 
And is there some sense of utilization rate improvement that we have over and above what we 
have achieved? I know Indonesia, Vietnam, etc., have had a very good improvement in 
utilization this financial year. But from here on, what is the sense of visibility we have on the 
volume pickup, sir? Because I think the previous participant's question was also trying to address 
on the same lines with capacities coming up, how quickly do we think we can build the 
production lines also? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. So, first part of it, like whether -- what's the trend that we are seeing in India? Because I 
think India is the country which got affected with the tariff… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. There is a background noise going on. 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Manju, if you can mute yourself, I think there's some kind of disturbance coming from your side. 
Yes. Thank you. Yes, so talking about India, like that's where like we had this 50% tariff and 
rest of the other countries, as we had noticed that all were in the similar range of 20% or around. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
So yes, with this tariff moving away from India, definitely, we are seeing a positive response 
from the customers. And also added to that are the other European Union and U.K. customers' 
interest because of the potential FTA implementation in the next few quarters or a year. So, that's 
-- keeping that in mind, we are seeing a good traction in the order books of India so far, whatever 
we have seen. 
 
I think that's specifically that you are asking for, like how this Indian capacity is looking at. And 
if you're talking about the global capacity, that's something, as I mentioned, like we continue to 
plan and discuss with our customers, what product, what category that they are looking at. So 
that's an ongoing process that continues. 
Manjubhashini: 
Vietnam is already at 80% utilization. And on the existing capacity, you also talked about how 
you're looking for land banks to increase further capacity there, etc. But this 80% to what extent 
-- what would be the optimal utilization level? Is 80% itself an optimal level? Or you think it 
can stretch up to another 10 percentage points, close to 90% at the optimal level. When we will 
really look for additional capacity to garner higher, more? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. So, as you have been talking to us for some time, so you must have noticed that we keep -
- try to keep a ratio of about 85-15 or 80-20, kind of how much we do in-house and how much 
we have do it through our partner factories. So, in Vietnam, the situation is that, okay, we have 
got a good growth of all the capacity that we had offered to the customer. 
 
Now what we are seeing is that a majority part of it is being on the partners' capacity. So, this is 
a good time to invest there and get in-house capacities. So, that the process that we are 
undergoing. So, whenever we publish our capacity, especially from India -- from Bangladesh 
and Vietnam, where we do actively work with partner factories. And when we see that the 
proportion is going high in the partner factory, that's the time -- the right time to put our own 
investment and capex. Does that answer your question? 
Manjubhashini: 
Yes. That is helpful. So, you're saying incrementally, you will look to add more capacity to 
partner facilities rather than give away any business for the lack of capacity. That's the… 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes, yes. Because if we are doing like 90% of the order from partner factory and 10% that's like 
a very skewed up ratio, like the control becomes less. So it should be a balance that has to be 
maintained. That's how we take the decision. 
Manjubhashini: 
Just one last question from my end, sir. This year, we had called out for INR36-odd crores from 
the one-off impact from tariffs. And so in a sense, then the adjusted EBITDA, what will become 
the base for the next year's growth from that perspective, if you see, it will be somewhere in the 
range of INR514 crores, INR515-odd crores. Is that the correct reading, sir? Or is there any 
change to that number? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
I think you're calculating 468 plus 36. That's the kind of number you're talking about. So if that's 
the case, like let me just explain this breakup of the 36, there are -- for all other countries, the 
tariff was at a lower level. And for India, the tariff was at a much higher level. So to most of our 
customers, they came back and say that, okay, what kind of burden share that you are doing with 
us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
And specifically for India, they wanted to have that 25% of penalty to be borne by us. So, 
naturally, from India, we had to give more discounts compared to the other countries. So, some 
of this tariff is still continuing at 10% level as of now. So, there are some burden share that we'll 
continue to do. So, maybe the 36 number will come down significantly, may not be 0 with U.S. 
specifically. 
Manjubhashini: 
So, is it the right thing to put a number of, let's say, INR5 crores to INR8-odd crores could 
continue to be the tariff-related costs, which we may have to bear? Is that the right 
understanding? I'm just looking for some quantification there? 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
As mentioned earlier as well, you see there will be definitely some flow since the cost will not 
be there, so that should lead to improvement in the margin. And every season is new costing, 
new product. And since the tariff is not there, that will not be part of the costing. So we hope 
that, that will certainly result into some gain at a margin profile also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Motilal Oswal. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I have just one question on the design and marketing. Generally, design is one of the pillar of 
attracting new clients. So, what number of people, what number of designs we would have 
churned in last 1 year? And how this segment will scale up over the next 2, 3 years? I mean I 
understand capacity expansion will happen, but winning the customer trust will be based on the 
designs? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Design and capability both. So, what we do is if you if you follow us then we have been investing 
in the design stuff and also in the country where the sales are happening. So that means whether 
it is European countries like Spain and all where we have a significant exposure. 
 
Similarly for U.S., for U.K., these are the places like we have invested in the design team who 
work very closely with the customers, what kind of trend, what are the requirements that they 
have. So, that definitely plays in our favor. Exactly how much of number and all of samples, 
yes, the numbers are quite significant always, but I do not have an exact number to be shared 
with you as of now. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
So, what is the employee base we had in '25 and what is in '26? And what is it that you're looking 
for next 2, 3 years? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. Design stuff, if you talk about, yes, we are almost like we used to be in the range of 70, 75. 
Now it's almost crossing 100. So that continues to grow. Like as we get more clients, depending 
on their needs, their handwriting, we have to continue to invest in the design stuff, and we do 
that. 
 
And also the second part is more than the design stuff is the technology of design. So, there are 
a lot of technical advantage that is coming through, like, for example, the 3D designs, then AI 
rendering on those 3D designs, which improves the sales and the adoption. So, those are also 
playing an important role. So, that -- both these investments go hand in hand. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. And same question on the marketing investments in terms of front-end staff, in terms of 
business development, what is the number in '25 and '26? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
So, every region, we have leaders, the CEOs who are working. So what we do at the leadership 
level, we front-end a couple of customers. So, some would be done by me, some would be done 
by my Vietnam counterpart or like the Bangladesh. So, that's how like the leadership position 
goes. 
 
And then depending on any customer that we are acquiring or adding and if it's a sizable number. 
So, definitely, then we try to give them more dedicated service. So, most of the customers, like 
we built up dedicated teams -- and that's how this game gets played. And so if you want to the 
details, there are a lot of details out there. 
 
There would be some maybe design stuff, there will be merchandising stuff, sourcing stuff, 
sometimes like all the approvals that they allow us to do, technical approvals and all, so those 
kind of stuff. So, we built it up continuously as we acquire the customers. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I got that Pallab. What I wanted to check with you that is there any target that we are looking for 
adding 2 or 3 or 4 customers in every quarter? There's a lot of work which will happen starting 
from design capability, showing them how sustainable, how technologically advanced we are. 
But is there any number you can share? 
Pallab Banerjee: 
Yes. So, you see like we already have that the core staff, which is generating the new designs 
and the new -- which can be shown to every customer or even the new customers also. So, then 
that part remains constant. As the new customer gets on board, then we start investing in terms 
of more people dedicated to that particular customer. 
 
We are in conversation with all the ones that we have targeted where we feel that they are doing 
very well and they are growing, and we should be with them. So, that kind of list is always there. 
Now how many of them will be converted in which quarter? That means like how many will 
place new orders to us or new clients will be ordering to us in every quarter. 
 
That's more difficult to predict because sometimes this onboarding takes maybe years. A 
marquee customer like we recently added, we have been at it for more than 2 years. So when 
that opportunity comes, when they need something different or they need a different location or 
a different product, that's the time where they would be entertaining us to start placing the 
business. 
 
Before that, it's more of a conversation, what we can do, what we can't do, what is their 
requirement. So yes, so it's very -- to put a number would be difficult, but that's a continuous 
process that we have. So what we do is that we generally publish like the new addition that has 
happened in the last 5 years, what is the contribution to our total top line. So that will continue 
to do. 
Moderator: 
In the interest of time, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Sanjay Gandhi for closing comments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Sanjay Gandhi: 
Thank you to all participants. With positive industry development in the future, given the tariff 
and the reciprocal tariff and the penalty is not there. And we, across the geographies are feeling 
as a Pearl group, a lot of optimism as we step into the new financial year. Of course, there are 
challenges across, which we are navigating well. 
 
And with a diversified manufacturing base, new capacity additions, ongoing expansion plan and 
a strong relationship with global retailers, Pearl Global is entering FY '27 well positioned for 
continued profitable growth. We remain confident of sustaining this momentum beyond FY '27 
as well, driven by our expanded footprint, strengthened capabilities and deeper customer 
engagement, enabling long-term value creation. 
 
I hope we have been able to address all your queries. For any further information, kindly get in 
touch with Shishir, our Head of Investor Relations or Strategic Growth Advisors, our Investor 
Relations Advisors. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Pearl Global Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pearl Global Industries Limited  
CIN - L74899HR1989PLC140150 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 15th May 2026 will prevail.” 
 
 
