 
 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544645 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited        
Exchange Plaza,   
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: PARKHOSPS 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)- 
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, please find enclosed transcript of 
the Earnings Conference Call held on May 13, 2026 for Audited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The transcript is also being disseminated on the Company's website at https://www.parkhospital.in/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For and on behalf of Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
 
 
Name: Abhishek Kapoor  
Designation: Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
ABHISHEK 
KAPOOR
Digitally signed by ABHISHEK KAPOOR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=122011, st=HARYANA, street=F-293, 
SECOND FLOOR ,SUSHANT LOK 2 ,GURGAON,SECTOR 
57 ,122011, l=GURGAON, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=d58bb5c69fdf9be9f9d9b2adb1d85a4f225174ee
55afa0e001d6b452608242c6, 
pseudonym=bfc7e44d218f41f7932bb5462c2444e9, 
2.5.4.20=2f5427606a4b2405fc44bcc82a48993afbba0f9e54ce2d
69e89340fa4e0f9946, 
email=ABHISHEKKAPOOR87@GMAIL.COM, cn=ABHISHEK 
KAPOOR 
Date: 2026.05.15 16:38:03 +05'30'

Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Park Medi World Limited 
Q4 & 12-Month FY’26 Results Conference Call” 
May 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ANKIT GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PARK 
MEDI WORLD LIMITED 
DR. SANJAY SHARMA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – PARK MEDI WORLD 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – PARK MEDI WORLD LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDESH SHARMA– CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER 
AND GROUP OSD FINANCE – PARK MEDI WORLD 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GANESH NALAWADE – KIRIN ADVISORS  
 
This transcript has been edited for factual errors 
 
 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 and 12-Month FY’26 Results 
Conference Call of Park Medi World Limited, hosted by Kirin Advisors Private Limited.  
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ganesh Nalawade from Kirin Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ganesh Nalawade: 
Good morning everyone and welcome to the Q4 and 12-Month FY’26 Earnings Call of Park 
Medi World Limited. Today we have with us Dr. Ankit Gupta, Managing Director; Dr. Sanjay 
Sharma, Whole Time Director and CEO; Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Group Chief Financial Officer; 
Mr. Sudesh Sharma, Chief Strategy Officer and Group OSD Finance; and the Kirin Advisors 
team. 
 
We will begin the call with the opening remarks from the management, after which we will have 
the forum open for the interactive Q&A session. I now hand the conference over to Dr. Ankit 
Gupta, Managing Director of Park Medi World Limited, for the opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. On behalf of the board and the 
management team at Park Medi World, we appreciate your time and continued interest in our 
company. I am very pleased to share with you that FY’26 has been the most defining year in our 
company's history. An year in which we scaled capacity, delivered our best-ever operating and 
financial performance, and strengthened the foundation for the next phase of our business 
growth. 
 
Let me briefly walk you through the key business highlights of the year. In FY’26, we recorded 
our highest revenue of INR1,679 crores and year-on-year growth of 21%. Our EBITDA stood 
at INR444 crores, which is up 20% on year-on-year basis, and PAT was INR274 crores, 
translating to an year-on-year growth of 27%. EBITDA and PAT margins were at 26% and 16% 
respectively.  
 
Our FY’26 year-end ROCE and ROE figures were 18% and 20% respectively, partly moderated 
by IPO-related equity infusion into the company. The sterling financial performance was backed 
by equally impressive operational metrics, especially record patient volume and high 
occupancies.  

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
 
Talking of growth plans, we added 610 beds during FY’26, signifying over 20% growth in bed 
capacity in a single year, taking our network from 3,000 beds at the start of year to 3,610 beds 
as of 31st March 2026. This is the largest single-year capacity addition realized in our history. 
The capacity addition was realized while maintaining high-quality clinical standards and utmost 
financial discipline.  
 
To elaborate a bit, the aforesaid capacity addition was in the form of two new units: a 250-bed 
facility in Bathinda, which enabled deepening of our presence in the state of Punjab, and a 360-
bed unit in Agra, which marked our entry into the state of Uttar Pradesh. Occupancy ramp-up at 
both units is trending in line with our expectations.  
 
Separately, we also completed and commissioned our largest-ever Greenfield facility in 
Panchkula on 10th April 26. Together with the ongoing 150-bed expansion in Mohali, this will 
make Park Medi World the largest private healthcare service provider in the Tri-City region.  
 
During the year, we also completed the acquisition of 200-bedded hospital in Narela, in Delhi, 
under the provision of IBC, again highlighting our special expertise in identifying and acquiring 
highly value-accretive assets. We are aiming to commission this unit during Q2 FY’27.  
 
On the balance sheet side, we are in an exceptionally strong position. Our gross term loan 
outstanding was at INR28 crores and we generated INR329 crores of operating cash during the 
year. This gives us full funding visibility of our stated growth plan to reach 5,460 bed capacity 
by March 28.  
 
Strategically, Park Medi World is today the largest private hospital chain in Haryana and the 
Tri-City area, and the second-largest in North India, with a deep cluster-based presence across 
Delhi and NCR, Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh. We remain a highly capital-
efficient, financially strong, doctor-led organization with an unwavering focus on high-quality 
clinical outcomes and patient care.  
 
So with that, I will hand over to Dr. Sanjay Sharma, our CEO, to walk you through our 
operational performance in detail. Dr. Sanjay Sharma, over to you, please. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you, Dr. Ankit, and good morning to the entire august gathering out here. Let me start 
with our network footprint. As of today, Park Medi World operates 16 hospitals with a combined 
capacity of 3,960 beds, our largest-ever operational network.  
 
I will be briefly touching on four major points. One is the occupancy of the network. Second is 
the volume growth in patients. Third would be the case mix. And fourth would be high quality 
at which we are delivering the healthcare.  
 
Network occupancy for Q4 FY’26 stood at 62.5% compared to 59.4% in Q4 FY’25. The full-
year occupancy was 64.1%, an improvement of 244 basis points year-on-year. With regard to 
patient volumes, Q4 FY’26 IPD volume was 25,329 patients, a growth of 29% year-on-year for 
the full year. IPD volume stood at 95,525, up 18% year-on-year, and the highest in any year in 
our history.  

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
 
On the OPD side, Q4 FY’26 volume was approximately 1.88 lakh patients, a growth of 13% 
year-on-year. Full-year OPD volume was close to 7.78 lakh patients, up 22% year-on-year and 
again the highest ever. Taken together, we served approximately 8.7 lakh patients during 
financial year 2026, a milestone that reflects the deepening trust which communities have placed 
across North India into the Park brand.  
 
With regard to case mix, we have been working on high-end procedures and tertiary care, so we 
continue to see a healthy and a deliberate shift towards higher acuity specialties such as 
cardiology, oncology, neurology, orthopedics joint replacement, urology, and gastroenterology.  
 
Now, on account of that, approximately 56.9% of our revenue has been coming from the high-
end specialties, which is an improvement of 316 basis points year-on-year. During the year, we 
performed over 150 kidney transplants, robotic kidney transplants; approximately 4,700 high-
end PTCA procedures approximately 1,200 cardiovascular procedures; and approximately 2,600 
robot-assisted knee and hip replacement, reflecting the increasing clinical depth and tertiary care 
capability of our network.  
 
With regard to the highest quality comparable to the international standards, 15 of our hospitals 
continue to hold NABH accreditation. Our recently commissioned Panchkula hospital will also 
be entering the NABH accreditation process shortly. Eight of our laboratories carry NABL 
accreditation, and five additional laboratories are being planned for the NABL accreditation 
process, progressively raising the bar on diagnostics quality across the network.  
 
With that, I will hand over to our CFO to take you through the financial performance in detail. 
Mr. Rajesh Sharma, over to you, please. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, thank you, Dr. Sanjay, and good morning everyone. As Dr. Ankit and Dr. Sanjay have 
outlined, FY’26 was our strongest year across every operating metric. And I am pleased to 
confirm that the financial performance was equally compelling. This was our best-ever quarter 
and our best-ever full year on every key financial metric.  
 
I'm starting with Q4 FY’26 financial performance. The total revenue of for Q4 FY26 stood at 
INR460 crores and we registered a growth of 30% year-on-year. Operating EBITDA, excluding 
other income, came in at INR127 crores, up 44% as compared to last year, the same period, with 
margin at 28% and expansion of 268 basis points year-on-year. Profit after tax for the quarter 
was INR77 crores and we registered a growth of 47% year-on-year, with PAT margin at 17%, 
an expansion of 180 points year-on-year. It was a strong finish to a strong year.  
 
Now I'll talk about the full-year performance. Revenue crossed INR1,679 crores and we 
registered a growth of 21% year-on-year and our highest-ever annual top line. Operating 
EBITDA, excluding other income, stood at INR444 crores, up 20% as compared to last year, 
with an EBITDA margin of 26%. PAT for FY26 came at INR274 crores and here also we 
registered a growth of 27% as compared to last year and our highest-ever annual profit, with net 
profit margin of 16% and expansion of 83 basis points year-on-year basis. ROCE and ROE stood 
at 18% and 20% respectively. 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
 
Now I am turning to the balance sheet. As of 31st March 2026, our gross term debt stood at a 
standard negligible INR28 crores on a consolidated basis as against INR450 crores in FY’25, 
which we also plan to repay in the current quarter. Bank balance increased from INR269 crores 
in FY’25 to INR352 crores, including FDs of INR314 crores in the current financial year.  
 
Debtor days have reduced significantly from 161 days in FY’25 to 129 days in FY’26, this 
reflecting the improved collection discipline, greater efficiency in government claim processing, 
and a continued focus on payor mix management. This is a trend we expect to sustain going 
forward. The net worth of the company has increased from INR1,052 crores in FY’25 to 
INR2,022 crores in FY’26.  
 
Operating cash flow for FY’26 was INR329 crores. And if I talk about pre-tax, it was INR428 
crores as compared to INR215 crores last year, and the pre-tax was INR299 crores in FY’25. 
Amount spent on capex and the acquisition during the year was INR430 crores, a significant 
investment cycle that covers the Panchkula Greenfield construction, the acquisition and 
commissioning of our Bathinda and Agra hospital, equipment upgrade across the network, and 
the Narela acquisition.  
 
The company already having 1,500 beds under execution, those are expected to be operational 
by March 2028, which will take our total bed capacity to 5,460 in March 2028. Looking ahead, 
we remain deeply focused on three things: delivering the best possible clinical outcomes for our 
patients, scaling our network responsibly and capital efficiently, and creating sustainable long-
term value for our shareholders.  
Thank you all for your continued support and confidence in Park Medi World. We are now 
happy to open the floor for questions. Over to the moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Dikshant Gupta from Geojit. Please go ahead. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity and good morning, sir. First of all, congratulations on the good 
set of results. Sir, I wanted to know the reason for the margin expansion in Q4. So is it because 
Q4 seasonally has a better occupancy, or is it because of the effect of CGHS, or is it because of 
the case mix? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Sorry, Dikshant, you are not clearly audible. Could you just repeat the question, please? 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Hello, am I audible now? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, but it's coming with breaks. Not an issue, would you be kind enough to repeat the question, 
please? 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Sure, sure. So I wanted to know what exactly was the reason for margin expansion in Q4? So is 
it because Q4 seasonally has a better occupancy, or is it because of the full effect of CGHS rate 
hike? 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, Dikshant, this is mainly because of high occupancy. Because the addition, if I talk about 
the expansion, the hospital that we added, we added Bathinda, we added Agra in the last year. 
So Agra we just started from Feb, and Bathinda we started only from May. So this is mainly, 
that the existing hospital that is running, and we have a better occupancy, that led to higher 
margin. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. And what is the ARPOB for Q4 and for the full year of FY’26? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The ARPOB, let's say, if I talk about the financial year as compared to FY’25, so FY’25 we 
were at INR26,200. That grown to INR28,000. And if I talk about quarter basis, so last year, the 
Q4 we were at INR28,500, that grown to INR29,725. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Okay. And what is the census bed count out of these 4,000 beds? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Dikshant, you have to repeat the question once again. The voice is breaking. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
What was the census bed count out of these total capacity of 4,000? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The census bed, you know, what roughly that is, you know, it is about 82%, 80% census bed if 
I talk about. And if I say in terms of the number, it is 2,851, and as compared to 2,361 last year. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Okay, sir. And just one final question from me. So a lot of players in Delhi were facing issues 
regarding the CGHS rates for cancer drugs. So they were supplied below 30% of MRP. So what 
impact are you facing from this and suppose government starts supplying at MRP again, so how 
much would you benefit from that? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, Dikshant, since we are largely in the affordable section, we have highly negotiated rates 
with our vendors. And when this oncology aspect came in, where the rates were to be subsidized 
for the cancer patients, we had a very prolonged joint meeting with all our vendors and we have 
agreed to do it with a very low negotiated rates. So we have been able to do it at minimal profits, 
but we are able to provide the treatment. 
Dikshant Gupta: 
Thanks so much, sir, and all the best.  
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Vivek: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. So I have a couple 
of questions with regards to the ARPOB and occupancy. So just wanted to know if you could 
provide us with the details for ARPOB and occupancy for the, on a cluster-wise basis, for Delhi, 
Haryana, and Punjab, as these are our main clusters? Additionally, will it be -- so yes, that will 
be my first question. I'll ask the other questions after this. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
As far as cluster-wise basis is concerned, that we'll provide you once we're done with the call. 
But on console basis, as I said, you know, that if I talk about the ARPOB, so Q4, if I compare 
quarter versus quarter to last year, Q4 we were at INR28,423. That grown to INR29,725. But if 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
I talk about yearly basis on console, it was INR26,200 and we grown to INR28,000. So we 
registered a ARPOB growth of 7% as compared to last financial year. As far as cluster-based, 
data is concerned, we'll provide you post this call. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Vivek, I'd just like to add in this. ARPOB is not the sole denominator in our profitability and our 
growth. It is one of the factors which is contributing. And we like to keep the ARPOB within 
the affordable range because we are largely on the TAM which is about 130 crores of the 
affordable section. 
Moderator: 
Vivek, does that answer your question? 
Vivek: 
Yes, the last part, I couldn’t hear the last part. But yes, I guess that more or less answers my 
question. Moving on to my next question, so just wanted to know from a bookkeeping 
perspective, what provision have we created for our receivables for FY’26? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, you know that receivables as far as, because we, our financial, that has to be prepared under 
IndAS. So whatever the guidelines, and whatever the guidelines which are mentioned in the 
note, the financial is prepared based on those numbers. And this is, we have created… 
(inaudible) we have created provision, so everything is well on track. So if I talk about the 
number, that is close to INR200 crores. 
Vivek: 
Sorry, could you repeat? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
The number is close to INR200 crores, the provision that we made on 31st March 2026. 
Vivek: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. And just from an understanding perspective, right? So just wanted to 
understand in case, like for example, how we open a, how we commission a Greenfield hospital 
or an acquired unit, right? So just wanted to understand what would be the cost associated with 
a Greenfield hospital when that is commissioned, or an acquired hospital when that is completely 
integrated into our own entity. And sort of based on that, how do we expect both of those units, 
achieve break-even? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Here I can give the answer. You know, let's say if I talk about Greenfield. Greenfield and 
Brownfield, they are all, you know, they are different ball game. When I say Greenfield, so 
Greenfield is all, we first have to buy the land, then we have to construct the hospital. I'll give 
you the recent example of Panchkula. The total capex that we have done is INR125 crores to 
have 350 beds. Which is more or less aligned with our thought process to have a capex within 
INR35 lakhs per bed.  
And if I talk about the margin, in terms of the recovery, the recovery in terms of recovery, we 
have seen Greenfield that take about three to four years' time. But when I say break-even, so 
break-even comes between 12 to 15 months. But Brownfield, historically, let's say very recently 
we started Agra and then we started Bathinda. So Bathinda was a different series that we series 
call as a blockbuster series, wherein we are able to achieve not EBITDA point, we become 
EBITDA positive but PAT positive in the first month itself.  

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
So Greenfield historically we have seen that take about four to six months' time to get the break-
even. But recovery, we get the anywhere between two and a half to three years' time. 
Vivek: 
Got it. So my question was more with regards to understanding when the hospital is 
commissioned, what are the costs or what are the fixed costs that we incur, in the initial phase 
especially, just to understand from a margin perspective as to how much we are burning when 
the hospital is commissioned. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
That's the reason I'm saying. Let's say historically for a Brownfield, as I said, because we are 
able to make -- we become EBITDA or rather PAT positive in the year, in the first month itself. 
So there is no burning. But yes, Greenfield we have to bear for 12 to 15 months, initially because 
when we start, we start full-fledged. So we are not, we never start in a piece-meal. So we have 
a salary cost, I'm talking about the recurring cost that we have, and then we, you know, rest is 
all variable cost.  
So initially, let's say if I talk about, you know, the Greenfield, the first year we normally have 
we more or less touch EBITDA positive but not PAT positive in year one. But historically we 
have seen we become EBITDA positive in the year one itself. So there is no point of burning the 
money. 
Sudesh Sharma: 
More specifically, Vivek, more specifically, to answer your question, you see our total capex 
incurred or the sales consideration that we have state for our acquisition so far has been in the 
proximity of about INR1,000 crores thereabout. And the contribution of acquired assets in the 
revenue, I am talking about FY’26 numbers, is about 61%. That's also about 1,100 thereabout.  
So broadly on a ballpark basis, you can say that the investment we typically on sigma basis 
deployed into acquisition was recovered in terms of revenue realized from these acquisitions in 
roughly 11 months' time. And the EBITDA break-even has been on a weighted average basis 
between three to three and a half years' time. 
Vivek: 
Got it. Got it. Thank you and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anshul from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Anshul: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Hope I'm audible. First question I had was on the CGHS 
benefits. While you've put a number in the presentation, I just wanted to get your perspective 
around what could be the absolute CGHS benefit that we would see trickling down in our FY’27 
numbers? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, the CGHS had come out with an enhanced hike, about 12% to 15% all across. And Park 
ends up being the biggest beneficiary of it. But we would also be upgrading a lot of our 
equipments and high-end procedures will be brought into picture. So that will add to the capex 
point of view. So we are for nine months coming in FY’27, we see an appreciation of about 7%, 
7.5%. 
Anshul: 
So this would be to the revenue? 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, this would largely be to the revenue. 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Anshul, how CGHS rate hike will unfold in terms of implication to our numbers and business 
will be as follows. You know one thing that we unequivocally know is that Park is the biggest 
beneficiary of this very generous rate hike we have seen in the CGHS rate list. We believe 
looking at our payor mix on the total revenue, the net impact will be on a conservative basis 
maybe in the proximity of 5% to 6%.  
One very unique feature of Park's business is that, Park's business model is that it is very 
operationally efficient end-to-end, which means that through its intuitive way of working, 
internal working, it generates the resources that enable the business to continue the state-of-the-
art modern relevant to the current time, allows us the scope to induct new technology as well as 
expand.  
So we believe that this additional resources that this business will generate, if you think about it 
as a part of business model, which will enable us to continue deploying capital in upgradation 
of technology and expanding going forward. Had this not been there, this would have been 
funded by some other form of capital, equity or debt. So all I'm saying is that while margins, 
EBITDA and PAT are preserved, the additional resources we generate allow us to stay capital 
efficient while constantly upgrading our technological edge. I hope this answers your question. 
Anshul: 
It does. I was just trying to categorize margin expansion or sort of keeping margins intact from 
the benefits of CGHS, especially, I had an allied question on this. We would have new units 
being commissioned in Punjab and Agra in the current year. Would that sort of drag margins, 
which sort of be pulled back because of this CGHS rate hike? How should we think about 
margins in FY27? Sorry, I mentioned the wrong units. How should we think about margins in 
FY’27 because we have Greenfield additions in Panchkula and Rohtak? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, Anshul, Rohtak will be coming in January 2028, 250 beds. Panchkula we have already 
commissioned on 10th of April 2026. So that will be definitely delivering and it is already one 
of the, you could say, top-notch hospitals in that area. And in the Tri-City, we'll with the addition 
of 150 beds in Mohali, we'll be the largest healthcare provider in the Tri-City with 850 beds.  
 
Now why we have done this is this because there is a lot of patients which come from North 
India, J&K, Himachal, Uttarakhand, upper side of Uttar Pradesh and all that, who travel to Delhi 
for treatment, which we will be catering to. So that is the advantage which will be provided to 
the patients that they will have more economical treatment in the Tri-City, which will be cost-
effective also, which will be beneficial to the patient also, and which will drive our margins. 
Anshul: 
That's clear, sir. I just wanted -- so are we saying that Panchkula facility will not be a drag on 
our margins in FY’27 despite the Greenfield nature and despite the size of the facility? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
You know, if I talk about the Bathinda, so Bathinda, as I said, because we added in July 2025, 
that is already adding into our numbers. So we are doing extremely well in Bathinda. So rather 
we have started operating on an occupancy of 65% to 70%. So there we are, that will add 
significant in terms of our top line and also on the bottom line.  

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
 
And if I talk about Agra, I think specifically talking about these two units, so if I talk about Agra, 
so Agra we started from Feb 2026. It is, that it's already adding close to INR5 crores in our top 
line per month. So current year, we are expecting a top line, it will add about INR90 crores in 
our top line and it will become EBITDA positive. So next current year, Agra will add into the 
revenue, but not much on the EBITDA margin. 
Anshul: 
Got it. This is helpful. Also, if I could ask a question on the sustenance of the payor mix. While 
CFO sir alluded that you guys think that this is sustainable, do we have any target in mind of 
sort of keeping scheme mix at an X percentage going forward? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, Anshul, see, we have always had a vision to provide relatively affordable healthcare at the 
highest quality. And we are not targeting the payor mix per se since the beginning of our 
endeavor. And going forward also, we would like to be in the same segment. Now largely that 
segment is some or the other way provided by the government insurance. But our payor mix on 
its own, because a lot of affordable sections in the self-pay and private insurance are also having 
limitations to go to the premium brands.  
 
So they are gradually shifting for treatment to Park. And that percentage is regularly increasing. 
So currently we are looking at by the end of this financial year, hopefully that percentage will 
be 65% coming from government insurance, it should be of 70% coming from government 
insurance, which will be largely central government, and about 30% coming from the private 
insurance. 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Anshul, the most important point to notice here is that, in line with often stated policy of Park, 
we are not still cherry-picking patients. The patients continue to be very democratic and organic. 
As the patients come exercising a choice to use Park's services, our intake will reflect whatever 
mix that is. As Dr. Sanjay highlighted, it just so happens because of increasing preference being 
exercised by patients belonging to even the cash TPA segment, in terms of value proposition 
that Park offers, this mix is changing.  
We see that on ground. So we are, we are nearly at 80-20, if we should call this government 
insurance schemes and cash TPA segment. This is the patient mix which gets reflected in the 
revenue mix accordingly. So we believe going forward gradually, but surely, this will change to 
75-25 then 70-30.  
 
And most importantly, I think sometimes the undertone in this question is concerns people have 
concerning receivable cycle. So I would like to highlight that what dramatic positive outcome 
we have had in this financial year has been a very sharp reduction in our working capital cycle, 
receivable cycle, despite nearly 21% growth in realisable revenue. I think this is quite a 
staggering achievement.  
Our collections ballpark basis has been nearly 100%, which should dispel any concern 
concerning government insurance schemes portion of the revenue, accounting for delay in 
receivables. Our collections have been extremely robust and strong, but that said, this gradual 
shift in mix is there. We believe this will stabilize in 70-30 split band, in due course of time, 
maybe 12 months, 18 months thereabouts.  

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
And if I see historically data, you know, FY25, we were at 89%. Now we more or less came 
down to 80%. It's already reflecting in our numbers. And going forward, as Dr. Sanjay and 
Sudesh ji mentioned that, you know, we are well on track to reduce further. 
Anshul: 
Excellent, excellent. Thank you for the detailed answer, that was clear. Just one last question if 
I can squeeze in... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Anshul. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Thank you. We will 
take our next question from the line of Debanjan Bhakta from Universal Sompo General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, please. Yes. 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
So are there any plans to improve the oncology mix and are we doing radiation oncology? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Hi Debanjan. Yes, we are increasing our oncology footprint everywhere. In fact, currently we 
have it in three locations. Ambala we have 200 beds which will be coming up for an extension 
where it will be dedicated to the oncology unit largely. And we have oncology as in medical 
oncology and surgical oncology in all our 16 hospitals. But the radiation oncology along with it 
will be shared between those 16 hospitals because we have it currently in three hospitals. But 
gradually as the need arises, we'll be strengthening this vertical more and more. 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
Okay. And I have two more questions. One is what is the ALOS for chemotherapy patients? 
Hello? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, could you repeat the question please? 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
What is the ALOS for chemotherapy patients? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, chemotherapy patient, chemotherapy is basically a day-care procedure. And patient come 
out there and take chemotherapy. So is with the radiation also. It is only the treatment planning 
and if there is a surgical aspect of the oncology, which takes time. So it's a continuous process 
based on the cycles patient come and receive the chemo and if required radiation. Surgical 
procedures are generally one off or at the maximum twice undertaken based on the spread of the 
cancer and how localized it is and if it can be surgically extracted. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
And I wish to add one more point, regarding you know, onco contribution to our revenue, if I 
compare, if I give you the quarterly number, so it is contributing more or less 8% of our revenue 
as compared to 6% in a same period last year, if I talk about Q4 FY25 versus Q4 FY26. And if 
I talk about annual, it is 5% of the top line last year, that grown to close to 6.5%. So that means, 
onco is contributing more to our top line. 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
And I have a last question, that is, are we see... 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Debanjan. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Thank you. Next 
question is from the line of Sagar Tanna from Alchemie Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Hi sir. Just a clarification on the CGHS rate revision. Has anything flowed through in FY26? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Hi Sagar. See, CGHS has number of line items from 4,500 to 5,000. CGHS is the apex body 
which floats the rate. And then there are number of other central government agencies which 
take that rate. And they have to incorporate and there are various permutation and combination. 
Yes, some flowing of that rate has come in, but actual impact probably will be seen after the Q1 
FY’27, to be honest, in the complete format. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. My second, my question is on the strategy side. Now we have entered the state of UP, 
three hospitals we have announced, right, which will be commissioned by March ‘28, FY’28. 
Any thoughts in terms of how we will would like to expand further into UP? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Sagar, UP has been in our crosshairs for quite some time. You will have noticed whichever state 
we have been present in, we have always endeavoured to realize a critical size. Because that's 
whenever synergies come into play and benefit our business. So in the state of UP, what is 
important to note is from literally zero till two months back after Agra acquisition, which got 
commissioned middle of February month this calendar year, by FY’28, we will have nearly 
1,060 bed capacity in a state which has a population of nearly 26-27 crores.  
 
So imagine, first of all, setting the agenda why we like, why we really want to expand in UP. 
That kind of TAM, equivalent to a country, large country, in a population profile which 
especially benefit from Park's value proposition of relatively affordable high-quality healthcare 
services.  
Second, UP is rightfully called the highway capital of the country. Excellent road infrastructure, 
which allows a company like Park to deploy cluster format of expansion by seeking the locations 
in close proximity to highways, a prominent route.  
 
And third is the beginning we have made and the plan we have outlined. If you can visualize for 
a moment the map of UP, after launch of Agra, which is on the western side, becomes our pivot 
for expanding in that part of the state, we will have an asset shortly in the middle of the state, 
and ideally according to our plan to expand in the location of Kanpur, then Gorakhpur on the 
eastern side. So technically, we will be spanning the whole state.  
 
And keeping into consideration size of UP, we will have opportunity to create multiple clusters 
around these three pivots. But I think that’s one way to look at our UP strategy, the more 
important way is to assess the high impact we endeavor to make in the state. Agra, for example, 
has an immediate micro market of nearly 21 lakh population. Gorakhpur is said to be having a 
micro market of 12 lakh. Kanpur is about 20-21 lakh. So that's about 50-55 lakh immediate 
market.  
And if we should expand the circle of influence, normally you multiply the immediate micro 
market numbers by two, that's about 1 crore immediate by means of the points we talked about, 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
by means of these assets spanning the state in as optimal a manner as possible. We will be 
providing access to our high-quality and relatively affordable healthcare services to nearly a 
crore of population.  
That is something staggering. And all of this unfolding in front of your eyes, starting from Agra 
commissioning two months back to completing this agenda by end of financial year 2028. So 
this is how we look at UP as we speak. 
Sagar Tanna: 
Got it. Thank you so much and all the best, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anant Sarda from Chhattisgarh Investment Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Jhalak: 
Yes, I'm Jhalak. So my first question is, how is the company funding the new acquisition? Like, 
it's from the fundraise only or you're taking more debt? Is there any plan to take debt in future 
also? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
You know, as far as future expansion is concerned, that we are adding close to 1,500 beds by 
March 2028. But requirement is not that, as I said, historically also we are maintaining lowest 
capex in the industry. Going forward also, we have the same plan. The total capex for next two 
years, two years is close to INR500 crores.  
And if I talk about our current financial position today, so we are sitting on FDs of INR314 
crores, we have close to INR100 crores in our bank account. So we cannot foresee every year 
we are generating a OCF close to INR330 crores. So we may go for a small debt, but not the 
major one, because we have enough money with us. 
Jhalak: 
Okay. And my next question is, what does it constitute in your other non-current financial asset? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Non-current financial asset. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry, sir. We are not able to hear you. If you are speaking. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Non-current, you know, these are the FDs which is more than 12 months. 
Jhalak: 
Okay. Can you repeat the amount?  
Rajesh Sharma: 
Can you hear me? 
Jhalak: 
Yes, yes. Now I can hear you. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If I talk about as of 31st March 2026, we have FDs which is close to INR135 crores, those are 
more than one year. So that falls under financial asset, non-current financial asset. 
Jhalak: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akshay Thakur from Helios Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
Akshay Thakur: 
Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted 
to understand your acquisition strategy. So basically, the strategy for the future is to do a 
Brownfield expansion primarily and there are acquisitions planned. So I wanted to understand 
how do you choose these assets in terms of metrics you track for the asset to be eligible to be, 
included in the Park hospital chain?  
Do you track, look at the metric in terms of financial numbers or is it more on the side of payor 
mix or specialty mix? I was just wanting to understand your broad strategy on that. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Hi Akshay. See, out of 16 hospitals, six hospitals are Greenfield and 10 are acquired assets. 
Now, we had about 50-60 propositions out of which we had been very diligent in picking up 
these 10 assets. And the factors which made us go for it largely is the strategic location of the 
units, the domain strength of the region, the medical facilities available and not available in those 
areas, and the headroom for expandability.  
 
So these are the four aspects. And the fifth is largely that the distress assets which they were, 
they were bleeding profusely, and fast payment after the due diligence has been done, also made 
the deep discounting possible. So these are the five factors which we generally go for. With 
regard to since they're already bleeding, so the EV-EBITDA multiple does not matter and the 
financial aspect does not matter.  
And as we had discussed before, we do not go for the payor mix. We are largely going in the 
affordable section, so keeping it relatively affordable, whatever the payor mix comes through, 
we cater to that. So we do not cherry-pick the patients in that perspective. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Thank you, sir. That was helpful. One more question, so if we look at our ARPOB today for 
FY’26, it was around INR24,500, now it's around INR29,000. That gives like growth of 5% to 
6%. So primarily, I assume this growth, ARPOB growth would be coming from improvement 
in your mix, which you have mentioned. Because the CGHS rates and everything, hikes happen 
once in two years.  
So how do you address this challenge, so your cost, inflation hike of doctor's salary and 
consumables and everything would be somewhere around range of 8% or more. So how do you 
address this challenge, like, of increasing your ARPOB in future for the coming year? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, Akshay, as we mentioned before, ARPOB is not the single determinant for the profitability. 
ARPOB is one of the factors which contributes to the profitability. Since our vision has been 
relative affordability and high quality, a lot of factors which contribute into it. One is this that 
our capex is the lowest. We are on a console basis till financial year 2028, with the capacity 
expansion to 5,460 beds, we would be looking at a capex of about INR34 lakhs.  
Our nearest competitor would be more than double of this capex. So this is one advantage which 
we create. Also, keeping the quality and the NABH compliance, we accommodate more beds in 
lesser space. 30% beds are dedicated for critical care and 40% is allocated for general ward. Am 
I audible? 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
Akshay Thakur: 
Yes, sir. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
So 70% beds are allocated in a lesser space, which also gives us a huge advantage. The other 
factors are extremely well-placed vendor management, which we have an excellent relationship 
for past 29 years, and which we do not keep any debtors more than a month. Whatever the debt 
of the vendor have given us within this month is cleared by the next month 10th to 15th of next 
month. So that by itself gives us a huge discounting in that.  
We have a construction unit which is largely dedicated to us. So any renovations or any 
constructions in the Brownfield or the Greenfield respectively is done at a very fast pace. So 
there are a number of contributors besides operational efficiencies and very efficient SOPs which 
have been on running the hospitals.  
Sudesh Sharma: 
In short, don't the expenses benchmark, please don't benchmark them to ARPOB alone. We are 
very, very disciplined in terms of our financial numbers, ratios, highly disciplined. So please see 
expenses as a percentage of revenue. So revenue has lot of contributors, ARPOB is one of them. 
I think understanding our business model, seeing expenses in relation to ARPOB alone might 
lead to little, little off-the-market interpretations.  
So a humble request, a suggestion, please see expenses as a percentage in terms of how they 
relate to the revenue, profitability numbers, not ARPOB alone. For example, yes, maybe I will 
just throw an important point, maybe I'll take a few seconds more to further throw light on this 
point. What goes into revenue, you see is that we might have an asset, in fact, let me just quote 
a live example, one of our Gurgaon assets might have 275 beds with an ARPOB of INR32,000, 
so which gives the revenue of INR32,000 spread over 275 beds.  
So what we are having revenue in this unit is 275 beds doing an ARPOB of INR32,000. So if, 
you know, if you think that one could run this location with 100 beds and an ARPOB of 
INR80,000, the revenue will be still the same. So what we're saying is, the right way to 
benchmark expenses is to revenue, not to ARPOB. So technically 100 beds with INR75,000, 
INR80,000 revenue is nearly the same thing as INR32,000 revenue across 275 beds.  
Therefore, re-emphasizes, expenses about which we are very disciplined as a percentage are 
marked to revenue, not to ARPOB alone. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Thank you, sir. That was helpful. Can I squeeze in one more question if I could... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Akshay. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. Thank you. Next 
question is from the line of Shubham Padiyar from Chhattisgarh Investments Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
Yes, hi. Good morning. So I just wanted to understand what was the reason for our drop in 
standalone numbers quarter-on-quarter? I know we should look at consolidated, but just to have 
a better sense of our numbers. So what was the reasons? 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Wait, you are comparing in terms of what? Our last quarter, so we have a growth. We were at 
INR354 crores in terms of revenue and that grown to INR460 crores. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
I'm talking about standalone quarter-on-quarter. So let's say Q3 versus Q4 of FY’26. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
You talk about Medi World alone? 
Shubham Padiyar: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, because, that if you see the growth, that we made, that, if I talk about Q4 versus Q3, we 
were under -- I'll give background in terms of the Bathinda hospital. When we acquired that 
hospital, that was under O&M and that was run by Park Medi World. But in Jan, what we have 
done, on 5th of Jan, we made the acquisition of that hospital that become a independent 
subsidiary. 
So as far as in console, there is no impact in terms of the top line, but yes, the revenue which 
was coming in Park Medi World, now that is going in that Bathinda company. That is the only 
reason. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
Understood. And also one more question on our disallowance provision of government revenue. 
I'm not able to see that figure in our P&L for this quarter. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So disallowance remain, that as a -- because we are very, very particular about our disallowance 
and we have a rigorous process to reduce as much as possible, but yes, we are remain at 9% 
disallowance, even in Q4. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
All right. Got it. Thank you, thank you so much and best of luck.  
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chetan Shah from Jeet Capital  
Chetan Shah: 
Yes, thanks. So just thank you for a very detailed answer to all the questions. Just one small 
question in terms of the long-term growth strategy. If we see our current cluster of capacity and 
concentration which is into three or four states, if one wants to pencil the opportunity for next 
three to five year time horizon. 
Do we still keep following into this specific states and region or we are also looking at expanding 
beyond these and continue to focus on a similar hub-and-spoke cluster expansion model? Just to 
understand the long-term view of the management and how they are thinking? Thank you and 
congratulation once again, sir. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you so much, Chetan. See, our approach in growth has been very strategic. Currently we 
are present in five states. We to some extent consolidated ourselves a little in Delhi, Haryana, 
somewhat in Rajasthan and Punjab where we are also further endeavoring to consolidate. 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
But besides that we entered UP. Now what we are-- the strategy is this, that each hospital which 
we bring is about 40-50 kilometers to the other hospital, so that it adds synergy in -- you could 
say, multiple ways with regard to the human resources and with regard to the high-end 
equipment. So that creates the synergy. 
We are not in the hub-and-spoke model at all. Each unit is independent on itself and caters to 
the all super specialties. But certain top-end, high-end like robotics or you could say major 
minimal excess surgery or you could say joint replacements or kidney transplants or radiation. 
These are the areas which are shared between two to three hospitals. And that is how the synergy 
is brought in and the capex and the opex is kept within control. 
Chetan Shah: 
Understood. Got it. So sir, is there one of the reasons why our, if one looks at on a blended basis, 
capex per bed or opex per bed is one of the reasonable in the industry and that's why in spite of 
comparable ARPOB our margin per bed is relatively better and so does our payback period. 
That's the right understanding, correct? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, you hit the nail on the head. In fact, I would just like to add that currently we are present in 
16 districts of North India. There are about 174 districts. We would like to consolidate in all 
those areas initially and then expand into South, East West. But if any good opportunity comes 
in and it helps us to go in a strategic manner, we are open to it.  
Chetan Shah: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashutosh Adsare from USGI. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Adsare: 
Yes, thank you. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. Good morning everyone. I just wanted 
to understand, we have 1,500 bed additions slated for FY’28. So does it mean that we are curbing 
our growth given the opportunity that our OCF is at around INR350-odd crores? Our debt level 
is around INR28 crores only which will be paid off? So do we think we are curbing our growth 
for next two years or should we be on a higher growth trajectory given our financials? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Ashutosh, we are not curbing our growth at all. The statement which we are giving in the future 
projections are largely the deals which are more or less cast in stone. We are looking at 850-bed 
expansion in this coming financial year, out of which 350-bed have already come in Panchkula, 
200 would be coming in Narela, Delhi, and 300 would be coming in Kanpur. 
FY’28 we will be adding 1,000 beds, which will be coming 400 from Gorakhpur, 200 would be 
coming from Ambala extension in the oncology department, 150 would be coming from Mohali 
expansion, and 250 Greenfield will be coming from Rohtak. 
But if any other project or any other unit comes which is quite lucrative and as per our model, 
we would be more than open and willing to go ahead from that. The point which Mr. Rajesh 
emphasized is this, that since we are a cash-rich company, generating about INR330-INR40 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
crores in cash, and plus we have money in FD also in current account, the debt aspect is not that 
major currently. 
And going forward also, if a major, you could say, big unit or a chain of units which we find 
lucrative, then we'll definitely go for debt also. So there is nothing curbing our expansion. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, Ashutosh, one point here is to add. When we did our listed on 17th of December, there was 
no way Agra discussion was. But we ended up closing that deal from 1st of Feb. So this all 
happen on a period of, you can say about 30-35 days. So we are there in the market, we are 
aggressively looking for the option. And if we get something, we are more than happy to close, 
and funds will never become a hindrance. 
Ashutosh Adsare: 
Okay. And on the receivables front because due to better collection efficiency, we are driving 
this 129 days to be there for FY’26. So going forward, is there any levers to bring it down below 
100, so that it will not have impact our working capital management? 
Sudesh Sharma: 
Ashutosh, just keep to repeat. Your -- this question didn't come out clearly. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, I'll answer this question. You know that as far as debtors is about, if I talk about the total 
debtors, 92% relate to Central Government. And when I say Central Government, because they 
have a well-defined process and it is divided into two parts. One, there is a bill settlement and 
there is a payment process. 
The bill because when, when the patient comes and when the patient get discharged, we have to 
upload that bill within seven days from the -- to the third-party, service provider, which is hired 
by the Central Government or the respective panel. And thereafter, they have a process to clear 
the bill within a period of three months. 
But here, lot of pressure is coming on the government to minimize this period. So this whatever 
has happened over 30-32 days, the advantage that we got in terms of debtor days, that is only 
because push which is coming from the government to streamline this process. 
Because earlier it used to take three months they take to normally clear the bill and 45 days’ time 
to make the payment. But now the 3 month period government is pushing to come down to two 
months. The process is going on. We have seen that result, but how it will turn going forward, 
it is too early to say, but we are expecting that will be within this range of four months. 
So I cannot foresee that this happening, less than 100 days in next six months or nine months. 
But what we are expecting by maybe current year or maybe by next year, the way government 
is focusing on, they may bring down to less than 100 days. 
Ashutosh Adsare: 
Okay. Thank you, that's it.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vidhi Dadial from Raedan Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vidhi Dadial: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. 
Sir, can you just help us with the break-up of incremental bed expansions between FY’27 and 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
FY’28? And if you could also throw some light on the visibility beyond FY’28 for bed 
expansion, if the company has worked out any kind of blueprint, rough blueprint, for bed 
expansion beyond FY’28? Thank you. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I'll answer the first question. You know that the capex that we plan going forward, as we are 
adding 1,850 beds, whatever the under execution, of which we have already added 350 bed in 
Panchkula. So there we invested about INR125 crores. That is already done. 
Now we are coming up one in Delhi, that is Narela, where we added, 200 bed. The total capex 
we plan to do is about INR80 crores, wherein INR55 crores we already spent. So there we need 
to add, we need to spend about INR25 crores. And Kanpur we are -- we have to invest about 
INR30 crores. 
So for the current year, we plan do the capex close to INR55 crores. And for the next year, so 
next year we are adding 1,000 bed, and together -- that, together we are expecting close to 
INR250 crores of capex in FY28. 
So that's, as far as our plan in terms of the capex. It is well within the resources that we have. 
And as I said, because we are not expecting any further debt raised or maybe a major debt raised, 
whatever we have in hand today. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
But in future aspect which you have asked, between FY’28 to FY’33, we are hoping that we'll 
probably be able to double this strength of 5,460 to nearly 10,000 plus. 
Sudesh Sharma: 
I think what needs to be understood is that there is a 1,500-bed capacity augmentation that is 
outlined for the period from now till FY’28, which is crystal clear. These assets are under 
execution. 
Vidhi Dadial: 
Okay, sir. That's really helpful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Debanjan Bhakta from Universal Sompo General 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
Yes, thank you for the follow-up. Are we seeing any sort of demand-side problem as we are 
expanding in the Tier-2 cities? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
No, in fact, we have seen surge in demand with regard to all aspects. I give you an example. As 
we are expanding into Tier-2, Tier-3 cities, the requirement of high-end, high-quality at an 
relatively affordable cost treatment has all, always been there. 
And in fact, patients were traveling far and out to the metros and sometimes that valuable golden 
hour in critical illness was being lost and lot of people were not able to survive. So this is an 
advantage which we have created by operating in Tier-2, Tier-3 cities. 
Also with regard to the top-end doctors and clinicians, since they have all the facilities now 
available in their hometown, lot of people who were forced to actually go and work in far-off 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
stations away from their family and hometown, they have been coming over. So even in Tier-2 
and Tier-3 city, we have seen a large volume of doctors wanting to come out there. 
The only thing was this that they did not have a level playing field to execute their skill sets and 
the academic sets because those structures were not there. But ever since Park has come in Tier-
2, Tier-3 cities, they are more than happy to work in these areas and satisfy their skill sets. 
Debanjan Bhakta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parshwa Shah from Mehta Equity. Please go ahead. 
Parshwa Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I want to ask about capex. So we are doing well in the capex. 
I want to understand about new capex, whether Greenfield or Brownfield capex. So what are the 
biggest execution mistakes that hospital operators make while entering in new geographies? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Sorry Mr. Shah, would you be kind enough to repeat the question because the audibility at the 
moment is low. 
Parshwa Shah: 
I want to ask about what are the biggest execution mistakes hospitals have made when they 
entering the new geographies? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Okay, Mr. Shah. See, generally what happens is this, that why we have had a strategic approach 
in expansion is that one hospital should bring synergy to the other hospital which is in the vicinity 
of about 50 kilometers or so. But generally what other brands have been doing is this that they've 
been expanding into remote areas and at times the replication of the values, the regulations, the 
way they've been functioning, their first or second hospital, they've not been able to replicate. 
Few good things which we do, which we have been able to emulate all our hospitals in the same 
way and replicate it is largely because second-line management for the new hospitals which we 
are taking is already in current training in our current operational hospitals. 
So there are top management which is being prepared in the current hospitals, which are aware 
about it and they've been training for about three to six months and they get transposed to the 
new unit wherever we are bringing in. And the new unit is generally not very far from the other 
units. 
If you take it in very far-off domain or in a domain which has got a different positives and 
negatives, a lot of brands find it difficult to replicate those aspects and taking the management 
afresh, the values cannot be replicated. 
Parshwa Shah: 
Right, right. Got it. Thank you, sir, and all the best for next quarters. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akshay Thakur from Helios Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Akshay Thakur: 
Thanks for staying long on the call. I really appreciate that. Sir, one question on, when we acquire 
an asset, there would be doctors which would be already in the unit. And we would like to also 
to bring in our doctors and bring in the operational efficiency. So can you just explain or just 
throw what are the key metrics or the key things which you work on primarily? I am assuming 
that would be -- one of those would be the doctors to bring in the efficiency and how is it 
executed? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, Akshay, the acquisitions which we have done in past historically suggest that they've been 
distressed units and they've been bleeding profusely. And entirely it would not be promoter's 
fault also. It would also be to some extent the fault of staff, the management which had not been 
performing. 
So generally it happens that when we take over a unit, whatever staff is efficient and is able to 
deliver as per our norms and as per our vision, we retain, but the other staff needs to be changed. 
So this is the policy which we go ahead with. That if the staff is underperforming or if there is 
management which is underperforming, we go for a change. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Okay, that was helpful. Any investments on the tech front to bring in the efficiency? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, most of our doctors, the clinician which we have are from very good reputable government 
colleges with at least five to seven years minimum experience with hands-on experience with 
the latest technology like robotics, the medical advancements, lasers, minimal access surgeries, 
and so forth and so on. 
So these are the doctors which we take. And if any training is required, that is also imparted to 
them. And whatever top-end equipment is required for the functioning, efficient functioning, 
and better clinical outcomes, that is part of the capex which we ensure that we deploy. 
Akshay Thakur: 
Okay, that was helpful sir. Thank you. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubham Padiyar from Chhattisgarh Investments 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
Yes, hi, thanks for the follow-up. So I just wanted to understand the competitive landscape that 
we operate in. Park is a sort of a affordable hospital in Northern India. So is it that there's no 
other player offering similar kind of services at that price and that's why we've been able to 
capture that vacuum or is it something else? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
See, it will be more from my personal experience which I would be sharing. There have been 
some players which have been striving to address this TAM in the relatively affordable and 
trying to provide high quality. But unfortunately the replication or the expansion has not 
happened to that extent what Park has done. 
I don't see any of record if I take there have been some hospitals which tried to enter into it, but 
the sporadic spurts on far-out locations, they had to increase the capex, they had to go from the 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
affordability aspect that has happened. There are multiple factors if you would like to go with 
this vision of providing relative affordability and high quality. 
And still be profitable is to go grow strategically, ensure the acquisitions or the Greenfield are 
very systematically and very strategically looked upon which does not increase the capex, keeps 
the expense limited and ensures revenue. So these are some of the factors which has to be seen 
very diligently. 
Besides that the first hospital which we've been running and the subsequent which we've been 
running, the values, the SOPs, the operational efficiencies, we've been able to replicate because 
largely the top management, as I mentioned before, have been trained for three to six months in 
the current running hospitals. 
So there are a lot of units which tried into this, there are some standalone hospitals also, but 
unfortunately to this scale in this format, in this structured manner, I don't foresee any other 
hospital with such low capex and delivering such good results with affordable ARPOB and 
excellent clinical outcomes. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
Understood. Thanks for that. Also do we track doctor attrition rates in our hospitals? 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Yes, we do track the doctor attrition rates. And in the consultant level the attrition rate is one of 
the lowest because there are multiple factors which are contributing to it. One is this that our 
selection process is very methodical. And a lot of strengths of the clinician as well as the 
placement of the clinician based on the requirement is seen. 
HR process is very robust in which they help in accommodating the doctor, their families and 
the education of their children in that region. We also have -- we are one of the excellent 
paymasters in ensuring that the doctors are paid well. And besides that, since Park by itself is a 
recognized brand in North India, these doctors are not accountable for volume or revenue unlike 
other premium brands. 
These doctors are accountable only on two major verticals. One is patient and attendant 
satisfaction and the other is excellent clinical outcomes. Based on that from each unit we have a 
-- you could say a percentile clocking system in which the points are given to these clinician. 
And any clinician which clocks more than 75 percentile is personally recognized and rewarded 
by the promoters in the form of performance bonus. They do not have the pressure of bringing 
volume or revenue to the hospital. We have our own patient flow. The only thing which they are 
responsible is to ensure that all the patients and their attendants are satisfied and they get the 
best clinical outcome. 
Shubham Padiyar: 
Understood. Thank you, thank you for that answer. 
Sanjay Sharma: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand over the conference to Mr. Ganesh Nalawade for closing comments. 

 
 
Park Medi World Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
Ganesh Nalawade: 
Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of Park Medi World Limited. If you have 
any further queries, you can write us at research@kirinadvisors.com. Once again, thank you 
everyone for joining the conference. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Kirin Advisors Private Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
