 
 
                    DC Infotech & Communication Limited 
Registered Off: Unit No.2, Aristocrate, Lajya Compound, Mogra Road, Andheri (E),Mumbai - 400069, Maharashtra, India 
Telephone No. +91 8898059812, Email: info@dcinfotech.com website : www.dcinfotech.com 
CIN: L74999MH2019PLC319622 
 
Date: 08th June, 2026 
 
To, 
Compliance Department. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051.
To, 
Compliance Department. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Symbol: DCI/543636  
ISIN:  INE0A1101019 
Subject: Transcript for Audio Recording of Earnings Conference Call of DC 
Infotech & Communications Limited – Q4 & FY26 Financial Results  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
We wish to inform you that, pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
below transcript for audio recording of Earnings Conference Call of DC Infotech & 
Communications Limited held on 04th June 2026 at 04:00 pm to discuss the Company’s 
business and financial performance for Q4 & FY26. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you  
For DC Infotech & Communication Limited 
 
 
 
_______________________  
 
 
 
Chetankumar Timbadia 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director  
 
 
 
 
DIN: 06731478 
 
CHETANKUMAR 
HASMUKHLAL 
TIMBADIA
Digitally signed by 
CHETANKUMAR 
HASMUKHLAL TIMBADIA 
Date: 2026.06.08 
16:42:41 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
DC Infotech and Communication Limited 
Q4 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call 
June 04, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the DC Infotech and Communications Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
Today, from the Management side, we have with us Mr. Chetankumar Timbadia – Managing 
Director, Mr. Devendra Sayani – Whole-Time Director and Mr. Piyush Shah – Chief Financial 
Officer. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Chetankumar Timbadia – Managing 
Director from DC Infotech and Communications Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to DC Infotech and 
Communications Limited's Earnings Conference Call for the 4th Quarter and the full year ended 
31st March 2026. 
I would like to thank you all, our Investors, Analysts and stakeholders, for joining us today and 
for your continued support and trust in us. 
Since our inception in 1998, DC Infotech has continuously evolved alongside the technology 
landscape. What began as a product focused technology business has transformed into a 
diversified solution-led technology platform serving enterprises, government organizations, 
system integrators and service providers, channel partners across India and international 
markets. Today, DC Infotech operates through three complementary technology pillars. 
Mainly networking, which contributes approximately 30% of our revenue, unified 
communication and collaboration tools, which is another 36%, and cyber security solutions, 

 
Page 2 of 12 
which is 27% of our revenue. These pillars remain the foundation of our business. However, 
our growth strategy is increasingly focused on four high-priority technology themes. 
Artificial intelligence, cyber security, cloud transformation and digital infrastructure. Through 
our ecosystem of global technology partners, we participate across AI-ready networking, cloud 
connectivity, cyber security, managed services, data center infrastructure, observability, 
collaboration platforms and AI-enabled software solutions. We believe one of the most 
significant opportunities emerging globally is rapidly built out of AI infrastructure. 
AI adoption is accelerating demand for AI-ready data centers. High-speed networking, cloud 
infrastructure, cyber security solutions, observative platforms, intelligent automation and 
advanced data management solutions. Importantly, through our technology ecosystem, we 
possess the capability to participate across a large portion of the infrastructure stack required 
to build a modern AI-ready digital environment and data centers. 
Cyber security has evolved from technology requirements into a board-level strategic priority. 
Cloud transformation remains a major growth catalyst as organizations are increasingly 
adopting hybrid or multi-cloud environments. Customers are increasingly seeking partners 
capable of integrating best-of-the-breed technologies across AI, cyber security, cloud 
networking, communication and data center environments, while providing ongoing 
management and support. 
This shift aligns directly with DC infotech strength. During the Financial Year 2026, CRISIL 
upgraded our long-term credit rating from BBB- to BBB with a stable outlook. Our UAE 
subsidiary has become operational and achieved a global local content partner status with 
Etihad Aviation Group. 
We also formalized a three-year procurement arrangement with Tata Communications 
Limited, and we are recognized for third consecutive year by Financial Times Statista as the 
high-growth company across Asia-Pacific. 
In our financial performance: 
Revenue for FY26 stood at Rs. 736.97 crores, representing a growth of 32.6% year-on-year. Our 
PAT stood at Rs. 21.21 crores, growing 46.3% year-on-year. The business continues to benefit 
from stronger operating leverage, improved profitability and increasing contributions from 
higher-value solutions and services. 
As we enter FY27 with strong momentum and a clearly defined strategic roadmap: 
 
Our first strategic priority is increasing the contribution of services, software 
subscription, managed offerings and recurring revenue streams. We view managed 
services as a major strategic growth engine that complements our technology 
portfolio and deepens our customer engagement. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Our second strategic priority is expanding our participation in AI, cloud and digital 
infrastructure opportunities. 
As enterprises and governments accelerate AI adoption and cloud modernization initiatives, 
demand for secure networking, cybersecurity, communication platforms and observatory 
tools, cloud infrastructure, managed services and data center solutions is expected to continue 
growing. Our UAE subsidiary continues to build a meaningful customer relationship across GCC 
regions. While business activities experience temporary moderation due to geopolitical 
developments, engagement levels remain encouraging and our opportunity pipeline continues 
to strengthen. 
Our channel ecosystem has expanded to more than 2,000 touchpoints across India, enabling 
rapid scaling of new technologies nationwide. Lastly, we believe that the technology sector is 
entering a new multi-year investment cycle driven by artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, cloud 
transformation and digital infrastructure. And we at DC Infotech is positioned at this 
intersection of all these four. 
Thank you. With this, we can open the floor for questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  
Your first question comes from the line of Yash Vishwanath with Prasoon Exponentials. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir, you 
have highlighted that AI infrastructure will be a key growth pillar for us. Beyond the current 
opportunities, where do you see the enterprise AI spending evolving in India, maybe over the 
next three to five years? And where do we exactly fit within the AI value chain? Are we 
positioning primarily as a networking enabler, as a cybersecurity partner, or a broader AI 
infrastructure solution provider? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Thank you for the question. I think we will take it into two parts. First, I think what I understand 
is you are asking me how this AI will roll out, right? 
Yash Vishwanath: 
Yes. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So, from what we have been interacting with large enterprises, government, everybody is in 
two-phase, developing some meaningful AI application for that purpose. And to use that 
application, they are developing the infrastructure required to run that kind of AI application. 
Still, some have figured out, some are developing their own AI tools. That is still a nascent stage. 
And over a year or two, the picture will get more clearer in terms of how and what each 
organization will adopt AI as well. 

 
Page 4 of 12 
And once that picture gets clear, coming to your second portion of the question, to run that AI 
model or application or technology, whatever you call it, you will need an infrastructure to 
support it. Current infrastructures are not built for running a high-power AI application. So, 
everything needs to be changed, the server, or the network, or the data center, which is 
required, or the endpoint, in terms of that product. 
And in terms of the usability, once that AI comes in, the security, the cloud adoption also plays 
a wider role. So, everything will go through a transformation. Here, from what products and 
solutions we were carrying, now we are trying to cover 360 degrees of what an AI-ready 
company or AI data center or AI infrastructure may need. 
But mainly, the components are high-speed, reliable networking, a cloud adoption, a 
cybersecurity solution. And what we were missing in terms of the compute and the compute 
storage, and second was power cooling and rack and stack. So, we are slowly getting into that 
facade of business also. 
As we go to a customer, we should be able to give the complete 360-degree solution when 
they are in their journey or helping them to adapt to AI, however they plan to be, be it a data 
center or be it an endpoint application. So, we have some tools which go into it. And going 
forward, we will add the complete tools and try to give a complete basket of solutions to 
organizations in terms of their requirement to adapt to AI. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
So, another question is from customer conversations. Over the last 12 months, what are the 
biggest cybersecurity concerns that enterprises are currently prioritizing? And has any 
spending shifted more towards cloud security? Is it zero trust? Is it managed detection or like 
a DDoS protection? Where is the trend going now? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
For the organizations which have adapted to cloud or a hybrid model, cloud security still 
remains the paramount. So, that is zero trust or ZTN, whatever you want to call it, has been 
there for around now for a year and adoption is increasing every day forward. But with AI and 
AI data centers and AI infrastructure coming on, managed services with DDoS and 
manageability in terms of data center security is something which has seen currently a major 
traction with hyperscalers who are using it or data centers which are created by the capital 
banks or some organizations who are creating their own data centers for them. So, managed 
security and DDoS, in the last 6 or 12 months, I have seen a lot of people showing interest. 
There are a lot of quotations or RFPs going around in this domain where in network 
performance and DDoS is something which every organization is looking at making their infra-
AI ready. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
And also, we are doing really well in terms of growth, and we are on our way to reach the 1000 
crore aspiration. From an investor point of view, how should we think at working capital 
intensity? Is there a scope to improve the receivable days and inventory terms? And does 
growth in enterprise projects naturally require higher working capital requirements? 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
See, improvement is always there. There is room for improvement at any moment of time. So, 
if you say, is there scope? Yes, there is scope. How much can we do it is something which we 
have to be realistic about since as our journey continues towards that 1000 crore desired 
landmark which we have projected over the last couple of calls. So, we are on track to doing it. 
We are entering bigger and larger project size. And since we get of that AI infrastructure pie, 
we are trying to contribute and collaborate in multiple technologies and multiple larger 
projects. This requires a little higher capacity because if you have one small slice, you go in 
clear and come out. 
When you are executing multiple things on one project, obviously, the involvement of the 
operating cost or the cost of money or the amount of money required is much bigger, larger. 
But we can try to optimize it as much as possible. Our endeavors are also on both the fronts. 
Look for the top line and see how much we can improve on what we are doing. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
Correct. So, if time permits, can I ask another question as well? Could you elaborate on the 
rationale behind choosing UAE as the first international market? Are we targeting distribution-
led opportunities initially or do we see a larger opportunity to export our cybersecurity and 
infrastructure capabilities into the GCC markets? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
There are two markets in the Middle East, Singapore and this kind of market and one is the 
GCC market. We chose GCC, mainly Dubai, to be a base out of that to address that Gulf and 
African market, which we see that we have cloud adoption or security. They are still laggards 
in terms of African market, obviously not the Gulf market. 
The Gulf market overall, the way, for example, Saudi or GCC are adopting AI and building 
infrastructure around it, the kind of money they are putting in, we see that there is a potential 
if we are able to get some slice of it, it will be a high growth for us and there we are not planning 
to carry forward our distribution. There we are trying to be more of a service-oriented 
approach, more of an integrator and services are the skill set in the consultancy and services 
which we have here. We are trying to be there rather than a distribution led. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
Thank you so much. If I have any other questions, I will join the queue again. Thank you for 
patiently answering the questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Participants, if you wish to register for a question, please press star and then one. Your next 
question comes from Vikrant Sahu with RK advisory. Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Yes So my question is, so as I know that Samsung is basically the significant contributor to our 
revenue, right? So how does the company evaluate and manage the vendor concentration risk 
and what initiatives are underway to further diversify our revenue base? 

 
Page 6 of 12 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Samsung is one of the key technologies provided into our solution. We do exclusively Samsung 
LEDs, active LEDs. 
Active LEDs are what you see in boardrooms, meeting rooms, auditoriums, etc., which are an 
adoption. So we are an exclusive partner for them across India, where we have a team who 
can do pre, post, sales installation, even in the support. We have our in-house service center, 
Samsung Authorized Service Center to the back, the only one in India outside the Samsung 
factory. 
And in any boardroom solution or meeting room solution or any digital sign-in solution, display 
contributes the major cost involved, rather than the audios and the controllers, mixer, 
keyboards, etc. So in terms of revenue, if you see overall pie, you will see Samsung being a 
major contributor to that revenue pie. But other products which are involved are not very that 
costly. 
So Samsung, yes. In terms of balancing the OEM, we do it exclusively and the strength of 
expertise, as I shared, in terms of pre-sales installation service, which we carry, I don't think 
there is any threat or risk there. And even if it is there, our team is capable of enough of 
handling and diversifying to any other brand or technology if demand requires at that time. 
Currently, the relationships are really good, so I don't see any threat as such. 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Okay. Sir, is it possible for you to quantify in the numbers, like how much it will be from 
Samsung, sir? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Overall, our exposure to Samsung, it should be approximately, not exact figures, but around Rs  
150-175 crores. 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Okay. And my second question is, what is the progress on the Arbor and NETSCOUT partnership 
and how the company is positioned to capitalize on the growing demand for the cybersecurity 
and DDoS mitigation solutions, sir? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
For NETSCOUT and Arbor, we are the most preferred partner in this geography. Approximately 
60 to 70% business is driven by DC Infotech of whatever they do, including some direct 
customer like Reliance they have, which is served directly by the OEM itself. Even after that 
direct contribution, we do the 60 to 70% of the business and the relationship is very strong. 
With the DDoS and performance management tool, which NETSCOUT and Arbus carry, again, 
we have a strong strength in terms of engineers who are there to sniff an inquiry, to understand 
the customer pain point, demonstrate a solution, give a POC, and then, obviously, supply, 
support, implement. And if required, we have a team of people who can do the support for 
them also. So, technically, I would call it one of the best in this category. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Okay. I have one more question on our partnership. So, we have a partnership with Sangfor as 
well, right? So, what is the contribution to the company's expansion strategy for Sangfor and 
across basically the Middle East and Africa region? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So, Vikrant in my opening remarks I had told. Sangfor, we have signed for Middle East, but 
Middle East, as we started going around December, January, you know, from February 
onwards, the situation out there has changed. So, there are a lot of engagement which has 
happened, but accumulating that to order and that has become on a slow track. 
And currently, the overall that market, all organization, all everything, all the views and 
everything is on a very slow burner. Priorities of organization and government out there 
currently is not buying anything new. So, our relationship with Sangfor, we have signed up, but 
we are not able to get something very notable on table till now. 
Hopefully, once the situation stabilizes, whatever good work we have been doing, we have 
been talking to people, they are interested, we will start converting into POs. 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Okay. And I have one last question. So, like we have a 2000 plus channel partners, right? So, 
how is the company aligned with, you know, to support our transition for higher values and 
solution-led offerings? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Our operations are spread nationally. We have people team across 13-14 locations across the 
high league. We have offices from Delhi, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Mumbai, which is our head 
office. 
And rest all location in tier two cities, we have one or two sales people. And our warehousing 
is obviously Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Delhi, where the some other warehouse are 
there to support that kind of geography. And since we have been doing this over a couple of 
decades, the network and the operations are already in line. 
So, that system has been developed. So, everything is going in a little auto mode types of thing. 
Vikrant Sahu: 
Okay. Okay, sir. That's all from my side. Best of luck for the future. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Thank you, Vikrant. 
Moderator: 
Yes. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Shravan Modi with Syndicate family 
office. 
Shravan Modi: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks so much for the opportunity. So, my first question to the 
management is regarding what are the top three priorities for FY27? If so, from the 
management's point of view. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Thank you, Shravan. Top three priorities. Yes. Top three priorities is, as I was asking, replying 
earlier to Yash, complete our AI infrastructure basket. That's one priority which would add to 
our product and technologies which would need by any organization to build their AI 
infrastructure. We should have the complete bouquet of solutions for us. That will be the key 
priority for this year. So, once we are there, we can gather a larger pie of any order. So, that's 
priority number one. 
Priority number two is getting into larger projects and more solution-driven orders which can 
help us to obviously with consolidate on the top line and better margins also. So, that will be 
the second priority. Try to see how much we can pick up on the larger cases. 
The third which we will see, I would like to keep an eye on the emerging technologies because 
with AI adoption, there will be a lot of security threats which is unknown as of today. So, we 
have been studying and talking and reading and meeting people, understanding how the 
landscape post-AI adoption will turn out in terms of security which will become the second 
biggest driver in a couple of years. So, if we are able to get that trend and bring a solution to 
that, that will be helpful for the next couple of years as a growth driver. 
So, these are the three main things out of all other couple of things. I will call these three main 
as our priority. 
Shravan Modi: 
Right, sir. My next question to you is, what is the management's long-term EBITDA margin 
aspiration as the company is going to shift towards solution-led offerings? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Obviously, better than this. We have been improving over the last years and our management 
effort and endeavor is always; we are able to keep this trajectory on. So, if you want to quantify 
in terms of numbers, I may not be able to do that. But yes, what we have been bettering over 
the last few years, we will try and continue that same journey or put our efforts that the same 
journey continues over the next couple of years. 
Shravan Modi: 
Right, sir. Another question is So, the move towards subscription management managed 
service models, how is that going to affect your revenue and margins and quality of earnings 
over the period of time? If you could give me some input on that, that would be great. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Yes. So, see, doing one transaction and getting to what 700 odd crores we have done, it 
becomes difficult every day. You go around and start every financial year on 1st April, start with 
zero and then ramp up to your last year, previous year numbers and grow beyond that. 
The ideal situation is the recurring business, and recurring business comes from subscriptions 
and services where it's a yearly cycle. So, whatever products or solutions which we are carrying, 
we are trying to see that we carry a product or solution which has some recurring revenue, 
maybe the subscription revenue or a renewal or a services revenue and slowly, slowly. So, on 

 
Page 9 of 12 
1st of April, we know, okay, if we do anything new, we are out of our whole pie, X will be auto 
mode for the next coming year. 
And that every year, that little, little add, it becomes a bigger auto mode pie of that. That's why 
we are focusing on something which is subscription-based slash renewal slash services portion. 
So, certain portion of our business is sure or granted to come and we hunt for the next portion 
of it. 
Shravan Modi: 
Thank you so much, sir. That's it from my end. And if I have any further questions, I will just 
turn back to queue. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Nimesh Pandya with NP Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Okay, thanks. First of all, thanks for giving me this opportunity. I have a few questions. Sir, as 
we see that as the business scales, how does the management expect the product to services 
revenue mix to evolve? And what would be the target contribution from services over the 
medium term? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Okay, as the business scales, obviously, that portion of the pie will increase. See, if you go a 
couple of years back and check our records, our networking was to contribute more than 50% 
of our business. And while the other two pillars in terms of UCN security used to contribute 
another 50%. But over the years, that networking has shrunk to 37 and others to have grown. 
So, this is the trend which we'd like to contribute to where our security and services portion is 
something which we are keen on growing in the pie. So, we have an equal portion of maybe 
30-30-30 and something odd of that ratio. So, we are not much dependent on one thing. If 
eventually something goes wrong, our boat is not rocked in terms of that. And second portion 
of your question, can you repeat that for me? 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Yes. So, the targeted contribution from services over the medium. Okay. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
If you miss seeing our pie, we are approximately 20% comes from software and services. 80% 
of our revenue comes from products and solutions. Our aspiration is to take from that 20% to 
25% in years to come, in a couple of years to come, in the medium term as you asked. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
So, my next question is, as we see that in Q4, FY 26, there is a significant increase in bidding  
expenses. So, I wanted to know the primary factors contributing to this increase and should 
investors view these expenses as recurring investments to support future growth or largely as 
non-recurring returns? I mean, if you could explain. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So, it is mostly a non-recurring since there are a lot of imports which have happened. The big 
portion is unrealized for its loss with the bills were out open, which was closed, that will not 
happen. But as a book entry, the dollar shot up and as what we have to accordingly market into 
our books is for 31st March position. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
So, it is unrealized that forex exchange is one of the major contributors to that. And since it's a 
quarter and a lot of payouts are there, something like that. So, it's nothing very recurring and 
something to as the management is something not to major worry about. 
It's a one-time thing, which generally at the year-end subscription and other closures are there. 
So, I will not be much worried about this. It's a regular financial bookkeeping entry. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
So, my next question is, as you can see that India's data center capacity may expand and is 
expanding rapidly. So, what is the potential for the size for DC infotech? And what competitive 
advantages position the company to capitalize on this growth trend? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
So, India data center story is everywhere in the country, across the world. So, it's going to be 
humungous what is happening with the government giving data center relaxation, taxation 
holiday. We will be seeing over the next 10-20 years, a huge boom in what data centers 
landscape will have from some hyperscalers like AWS, Google and followed up by Reliance and 
Adani. So, we will be putting in lots and lots of money into them. With that, will come also an 
opportunity of Colo and private data center or captive data centers, that is something which 
we are looking at to target for, because the bigger ones will have their own set of people who 
will be doing it. But the captive ones or the Colo ones are something which DC Infotech type 
organization can be looking at. And that also with AI adoption, organizations building their own 
tools around the AI, on the AI platforms, they will need that data center. And as I was answering 
to other gentlemen earlier, we are trying to build a bouquet or a solution bouquet, which will 
hover around this whatever you need to build one. And if any organization is planning, we 
should have every component of that technology with us to service that order. That's 
something which we are looking at. And with the trend, I am very pretty sure, pretty confident. 
We are in for some good times. 
Nimesh Pandya: 
Got it, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next follow up question comes from Yash Vishwanath from Prasoon 
Exponentials. Please go ahead. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
Hi, sir. I have an industry question, to be honest. So as enterprises are, the customers are 
increasingly preferring strategic technology partners, you know, that have end-to-end 
solutions. How is the customer buying behavior evolved over the past couple of quarters? And 
since you have a broad portfolio across networking, cybersecurity, data center solutions, what 
percentage of customers are currently engaged with you across multiple solution categories? 
So what cross-selling opportunities do we have from the existing customer base? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
We get into customers, obviously, with one product or one painpoint or one requirement. And 
then understanding the ecosystem. Obviously, there is an effort to try and cross-sell another 
thing. There are two different ones. One is some green field where the new infrastructure is 
coming up or the customer is planning to do something new. Then we are ready to position 

 
Page 11 of 12 
multiple products or multiple solutions which we have with alignment with the brand or 
technology we have. Then if a customer would choose that brand or technology comes a 
second line of discussion because everybody would not like to go in for one depending on that 
requirement. But if it's an existing customer or a brownfield project, then it is already the 
infrastructure is there or has some components and there are some missing link or pain points 
which we have and we try to address to that. So it is depending on the situation or the project 
case, it's a greenfield or a brownfield. 
Accordingly, the opportunity or the multiple technologies being pitching into account depends. 
Nowadays, if it is a new data center type of requirement, then you have a chance to pitch for 
multiple things which currently is on a rise. Otherwise, there are more brownfields because 
people already have something and their network is growing, operators are growing, endpoints 
are growing. 
They will face some kind of challenges and they will plug in that they would like to have some 
solution to that. But with AI adoption more, we will see a lot of new greenfield setup coming 
up and that will help us to sell more than one product or technology to one project. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
As we are transitioning towards high value solutions and services, which business segment do 
you feel has the greatest potential to improve our overall profitability over the medium term? 
I mean, our margins are above the industry right now. Are these sustainable or can we expect 
an increase in them in the near future? 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
100% our endeavor is to be successful and it is sustainable. And surely, there is always a room 
to improve it. And as a managing director and our team and the whole team of DC infotech, 
we are all working towards the same goal to improve it every year on year. And I am pretty 
sure, very confident there is a room for improvement. And we are working towards it day in 
and day out. 
Yash Vishwanath: 
Right. Thank you. Thank you so much for patiently answering my questions. Thank you. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Chetankumar Timbadia from DC Infotech and Communications Limited for closing comments. 
Chetankumar Timbadia: 
Thank you. So, as India's digital transformation journey is entering its next phase, as we 
discussed, one increasingly defined by AI intelligence, cyber resilience, cloud-first 
architectures, AI-ready data sectors, managed services, and intelligent communications. 
Today, we are evolving from a technology distributor into a technology solution, managed 
services, and a digital infrastructure platform. While our revenue growth remains important, 
our focus as discussed increasingly on improving revenue quality, expanding recurring revenue 
streams, enhancing operating leverage, improving return on capital employed, and driving 
sustainable earnings growth. We remain committed to discipline execution, profitable growth, 

 
Page 12 of 12 
recurring revenue expansion, and long-term value creation for all our shareholders. Thank you 
all for your continued trust and support. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DC Infotech and Communications Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
