 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113 
www.sbilife.co.in 
 
April 28, 2026                                                                     
SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2627/22 
 
Vice President                      
 
                                 General Manager 
Listing Department,  
 
 
 
                      Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
 
           BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
 
 
 
                      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
 
 
 
           Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051                                            Mumbai 400001 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE                                                             BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q4 of FY 2025-26 
 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2627/15 dated 
April 16, 2026 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with  
Schedule III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on Wednesday, April 22, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and institutional investors is 
also hosted on the Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
Girish Manik 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 26391  
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
Girish 
Mahesh 
Manik
Digitally signed 
by Girish 
Mahesh Manik 
Date: 2026.04.28 
20:32:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 26 
 
 
“SBI Life Insurance Company Limited Q4 FY '26  
Earnings Conference Call” 
April 22, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Amit Jhingran – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi – President and Chief Financial Officer  
Mr. Subhendu Bal – President and Chief Risk Officer 
Mr. Prithesh Chaubey – President and Appointed Actuary  
Mr. Santosh Chacko – President, Business Strategy  
Ms. Smita Verma – Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBI Life Insurance 
Company Limited Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing the 
star key followed by zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran, Managing Director and 
CEO, SBI Life, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Amit Jhingran: 
Good afternoon, everyone. It is a pleasure to welcome you all for the results 
update call of SBI Life Insurance for the year ended March 31, 2026. We 
appreciate and thank you for your valuable time and efforts in analyzing the 
results and participating in the earnings call. Updates on our financial results 
are available on our website as well as on the websites of both the stock 
exchanges. 
 
Along with me, Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi, President and CFO; Mr. Santosh 
Chacko, President, Business Strategy; Mr. Subhendu Bal, President and Chief 
Risk Officer; Mr. Prithesh Chaubey, President and Appointed Actuary; and Ms. 
Smita Verma, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations are 
present here. 
 
SBI Life delivered a strong performance during the year, demonstrating 
resilience in a dynamic operating environment. This was supported by a 
balanced approach to both product and distribution mix. The company 
maintained an optimal blend of protection and savings products aligned with 
the evolving customer needs, while leveraging a well-diversified multichannel 
distribution strategy, spanning bancassurance, agency and digital platforms. 
This enabled consistent and broad-based growth across segments. 
 
The year marked a significant pace for the life insurance industry, driven by 
key regulatory developments, including GST exemptions, measures 
supporting long-term sectoral growth and the regulators' announcement on 
transitioning to the Indian Accounting Standards framework aimed at 
enhancing transparency and quality of financial information. The company has 
adopted a phased and well-governed approach to Ind AS transition and 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
proposes to seek regulatory forbearance for an adoption from April 1, 2027, 
with comprehensive preparatory measures already initiated. 
 
Looking ahead, the company remains confident in the long-term growth 
potential of the life insurance sector in India and its ability to navigate the 
evolving landscape with continued focus on profitable and sustainable growth. 
Now let me give some key highlights for the year ended 31st March 2026. 
 
New business premium stands at INR425.5 billion with a growth of 20% and 
private market share of 21.4%. Individual rated new business premium stands 
at INR219 billion, with a growth of 13% and private market share of 22.9%. 
Gross written premium stands at INR1,012.9 billion, with a growth of 19%. 
 
Profit after tax for the current year grew by 2%, standing at INR24.7 billion as 
compared to the previous year. Value of new business stands at INR66.7 
billion with a growth of 12%. VoNB margin stands at 27.5% for the year ended 
March 31, 2026. 
 
Indian embedded value for the company as on March 31, 2026, stands at 
INR807.9 billion. Our assets under management stands at INR4.9 trillion with 
a growth of 9% over last year. Solvency ratio of 1.90 as against the regulatory 
requirement of 1.50. We will now update you on each of the key parameters in 
detail. 
 
Let me start with the premium Individual rated premium stands at INR219 
billion with a year-on-year growth of 13%, while retaining our leadership 
position with a 22.9% private market share and 16.5% total market share. It 
grew by 12.9%, 3-year CAGR, outperforming the industry average of 8.5%. 
Total new business premium is INR425.5 billion with private market share 
standing at 21.4% and total market share standing at 9.3%. Group new 
business premium stands at INR127.7 billion with a contribution of 30% in new 
business premium and year-on-year growth of 39%. 
 
Renewal premium grew by 19% to INR587.3 billion, which accounts for 58% 
of the gross written premium. To sum up, gross written premium stands at 
INR1,012.9 billion with a growth of 19% over corresponding previous year. 
Annualized premium equivalent APE stands at INR242.7 billion, registering a 
growth of 13%. Out of this, individual APE stands at INR221.1 billion with a 
growth of 13%. 
 
During the year, a total of 22.2 lakh new policies were sold covering 22.7 million 
lives. The growth in sum assured reflects strong consumer confidence and 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
increasing awareness of financial protection. Individual and Group new 
business sum assured grew by 61% and 34%, respectively, year-on-year, 
while rider sum assured continued to expand, now accounting for 31% of 
individual sum assured. 
 
The company continues to advance its product diversification strategy through 
focused and well-sequenced initiatives. During the year, product launches 
were aligned to key customer needs across child plans, protection solution and 
the non-par guaranteed segment, resulting in encouraging traction. For the 
year ended March 2026, guaranteed non-par savings have garnered business 
of INR42.7 billion with a contribution of 19% on individual APE basis. 
 
ULIP stands at INR144.2 billion, contributing 65% vis-a-vis 70% last year. 
Protection business contributes 9% of APE and stands at INR22.4 billion. We 
continue to maintain a strong focus on protection business, which remains a 
key pillar of our growth strategy. 
 
The Protection segment recorded a year-on-year growth of 10% on APE basis. 
Individual protection APE is at INR10.3 billion with a growth of 24% as 
compared to the previous year ended March 2025. It is noteworthy that the 
pure protection category saw a strong growth of 122% on an individual APE 
basis, reflecting rising awareness and demand for comprehensive financial 
protection, while the individual sum assured in the protection segment grew by 
62%. 
 
Group protection APE stands at INR12.1 billion. Credit life APE has grown by 
14% and stands at INR2.9 billion. Individual APE for participating products 
stands at INR17.3 billion with an exceptional growth of 133% Y-o-Y. Also, Par 
segment sum assured has shown a strong growth of 166%. Retirement plans 
assist customers in building a substantial corpus of funds to maintain the 
desired lifestyle and manage expenses in their golden years. Total annuity and 
pension new business underwritten by the company is INR86.5 billion. 
 
Moving to update on our distribution partners. With strength of more than 
59,000 CIFs, the bancassurance business of SBI and RRBs contribute 60% of 
the total APE business. On an individual APE basis, it stands at INR141.2 
billion, reflecting growth of 11%. SBI branch productivity on individual APE 
terms stands at INR6.0 million for the year, registering a growth of 10%. 
 
As on 31st March 2026, agency individual APE stood at INR68.6 billion, 
growing 15% with agent productivity at INR2.6 lakhs. The channel witnessed 
a shift in product mix. Non-ULIP share increased from 34% to 39% for FY '26, 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
supported by robust 76% growth in agency individuals sum assured. The 
company added more than 1,20,000 agents on a gross basis. We opened 120 
new branches this year. This expansion is aligned with our vision to create 
infrastructure that supports the long-term development of our agency channel. 
 
The other channels, direct, corporate agents, other bank brokers, online and 
web aggregators grew by 22% and contributed 11% of total APE. Banks other 
than SBI Group are also growing at 22% on total APE basis. We are investing 
in building our online business channel. For the current year, this channel has 
grown by 47% on APE basis. 
 
Moving to updates on profitability. Our financial performance reflects the 
impact of GST and the revised Labour Law. Taking these factors into account, 
the company's profit after tax for the year ended 31st March, 2026, stands at 
INR24.7 billion. Excluding this impact, profit after tax for the year ended 31st 
March 2026 would have stood at INR31.2 billion with a growth of 29%. 
 
Our solvency ratio remains strong at 1.90 as against regulatory requirement of 
1.50. Value of new business stands at INR66.7 billion, reflecting 12% growth 
driven by both volume growth and favorable shift in product mix. Despite the 
impact of GST, we have sustained a healthy margin of 27.5% for the year 
ended 31st March 2026. 
 
Excluding GST impact, VoNB would have been INR70.3 billion, representing 
18% growth with a VoNB margin of 29%, an improvement of 150 basis points. 
Embedded value for the company as on March 31, 2026, stands at INR807.9 
billion with a growth of 15% over previous year. Excluding the onetime impact, 
EV stands at INR813.6 billion with a growth of 16%. Return on embedded value 
stands at 19.7% with embedded value operating profit standing at INR138.6 
billion. 
 
Coming to operational efficiencies. Our opex ratio stands at 6.1%, and total 
cost ratio stands at 10.6% for the year ended March 31, 2026, as compared to 
5.3% and 9.7%, respectively, for the year ended March 31, 2025. With respect 
to persistency of individual regular premium, 13th and 49th month persistency 
stands at 87.9% and 69.1%, showing an improvement of 53 and 107 basis 
points, respectively. 
 
As mentioned in my opening remarks, asset under management stand at 
INR4.9 trillion as at March 31, having growth at 9%. Death claim settlement 
ratio stands at 99.4% for the year ended March 31, 2026. Our misselling ratio 
stands at 0.02%, which is one of the lowest in the private industry, and this is 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
achieved through our consistent approach adopted at the company to ensure 
right selling to the customers. 
 
Digitalization is transforming the life insurance industry, enabling us to deliver 
enhanced services and a more seamless experience to our customers. As we 
embrace the digital transformation, we remain committed to innovation and 
excellence, ensuring that we stay ahead in an increasingly competitive 
landscape. 
 
The company continues efficient usage of technology for simplification of 
processes with 99.7% of the individual proposals being submitted digitally. 
57% of the individual policies are processed through automated underwriting. 
In conclusion, by embedding resilience and continuous improvement at the 
core of our culture, and by strategically strengthening our key channels, we are 
well positioned for sustained growth. 
 
Our unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional customer service not 
only deepens client relationships but also enforces our reputation as a trusted 
and leading force in the market. 
 
Thank you all. And now we are happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Our first question comes from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. A 
couple of questions. The first one, if I see persistency has done well across the 
cohort, barring 61st month where it has seen a drop, likely it would be coming 
out of some ULIP during the COVID time, the policies sold. And possibly, that 
is the explanation. 
 
But in that context, I wanted to know, is that operating assumption changes 
that are kind of a negative in the VNB walk. Are they kind of leading to some 
bit of a reset in persistency assumptions or there are other factors behind this 
marginal operating changes? So that's one. 
 
Second, again, if I look back how kind of you have delivered over the last 10 
years and you have presented in the slide, I mean, in terms of your APE market 
share or individual APE market share or embedded value compounding. But if 
we were to look back those 10 years and break it into 5 and 5, possibly the first 
5, of course, coming from a lower base, had a very, very strong growth on all 
parameters, including the kind of a margin expansion and all. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
 
Now if we look back, when the margin is more or less stable, but expansion 
part is difficult. And of course, the base of growth and everything is coming into 
picture, the growth is also going to be measured. In this backdrop, if I kind of -
- I were to ask, I mean, what would be your experience over the next 5 years? 
 
Again, I'm not coming off to quarterly volatility. But if I'm saying that, okay, what 
would be the number in terms of your retail APE growth or kind of where the 
VNB or margins will come down for the next 5 years, what would you have to 
say? 
Management: 
On the first question to persistency, you're right that there is a persistency drop 
on account of the business done in the COVID period, so we know that. As far 
as assumption is concerned, we always said that we keep this exceptional item 
separately and looking into the long-term view. 
 
So, as we always keep mentioning that year-end, we keep refine our 
assumption looking to reflect the current experience. So, there are some 
changes in the mortality, some on the persistency. We've also seen some 
improvement coming on account of the long-term protection improvement on 
the persistency. 
 
So that does reflect in the VNB assumption. But in this 50-basis point is not a 
significant point. So, I will say there's no significant change in assumption. It's 
a combination of all minor refinement across all the assumptions, including 
demographic as well as expenses and other parameters. 
Management: 
Coming to growth prospects, you are aware that the company 3-year CAGR is 
at 12.9%. And last financial year, we have grown by 13.2%. Going forward 
also, we intend to maintain the growth rate at around 14%, which has been our 
CAGR for the last 3 to 5 years. And we will continue to maintain this kind of 
growth rate in coming year also. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. And lastly if I can ask one more. I mean in this par, of course, in your 
mix it is still a smaller portion. But typically, you have been more like a ULIP 
protection and guaranteed non-Par. What I mean is, it is kind of intent or what 
is the demand factor that is kind of bringing this strong growth in par? 
Management: 
The par product portfolio growth of this year has come on a lower base of the 
last year. Last year, we had just a couple of products. This year, we launched 
new products in the par category and we got very good customer response in 
this category. That has resulted in a very robust growth in the par segment in 
the current year.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
We have been a company which had dominant sales of ULIP in the past. But 
as you are aware, you have been attending these analyst meet for the last 
couple of years, our focus has been to improve the product mix in favor of non-
ULIP products also. And if you look at the product launches in the last couple 
of years we have very good product launches in all three, non-par segment, 
par segment and also in the Protection segment. So this is our effort to improve 
the profitability of the company also by having a healthy product mix. And we 
are happy that our strategy and our product launches are helping achieve this 
objective. 
Avinash Singh: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Supratim Datta from 
Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Yes. So thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question is on what are you 
seeing with respect to customer behavior over the last 2 months, given you 
have been typically a ULIP-heavy company and last 2 months we have seen 
pretty significant volatility in the equity markets. Just wanted to understand how 
are customers reacting to that volatility?  
And how is that shaping ULIP demand? And how in this environment hence, 
looking into FY27, how are you thinking about the product mix and product 
strategy, given you have a growth aspiration of 14% like you highlighted. So 
that's the first question. Second, again, like you rightly pointed out at the start 
that you have been looking at changing the product mix for the last 2 years in 
favor of non-par products. Just wanted to understand what is the share of 
protection now within SBI Bank versus 2 years back? And what proportion of 
these policies overall in the SBI channel are being sourced through Yono? If 
you could give us some color there, that would be very helpful? 
Management: 
So talking about the customer behavior in the last couple of months, you are 
aware, the geopolitical events that are taking place. And that definitely is 
having some impact on the market, on the performance of the equity market 
also and there are effects seen on the fixed income side also.  
But at the same time, if you look at the equity market, there are robust inflows 
into the mutual funds also. And overall, people wherever they are seeing value, 
they are investing. That is what we have seen in the company. Our growth in 
February and March has been decent enough and we have been able to meet 
our guidance for the year despite these events.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
So going forward also, we expect to continue to have good sales growth in the 
coming quarter and coming year as well depending, of course, upon month-to-
month variation, and we do not pay much attention to month-to-month and we 
like to keep our focus on our yearly goals and midterm goals. So that is 
regarding your first question. 
Management: 
SBI, our share is 4% for pure protection, credit life is over and above that. And 
broadly that number has been flat, but the mix has changed favorably from 
TROP towards higher proportion of pure protection. So the premium numbers 
are not seen as a proportion. Obviously, absolute numbers have grown, but 
share has remained broadly constant, but sum assured we have seen 
significantly higher growth in the SBI. 
Management: 
Number of policies also. 
Management: 
Number of policies and sum assured also basically because pure protection 
have significantly higher sum assured. 
Supratim Datta: 
Understood. And if I could ask one last question. So on the ULIP side, are you 
selling the higher sum assured ULIPs as well, the 20x, 30x sum assured 
products or you're selling only the vanilla 10x cover products? If you could give 
us some clarity there? 
Management: 
No, as of now, we do not have higher sum assured ULIPs. 
Supratim Datta: 
Okay. But do you plan to launch that this year? 
Management: 
We will look at the opportunity and decide in due course. 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions. First is on the banca 
channel sales in the last quarter, in the fourth quarter. It's actually degrown     
Y-o-Y. Is it to do with the fact that March may have been slower month for us. 
Was it coming from that or was there any other reason?  
Second question is there was a media interview by the Department of Financial 
Services Secretary, where he yet again raised the topic of banks should be 
open architecture, etcetera.  Is there anything you can share with us because 
obviously, it's a big part of our distribution mix and also what is our strategy on 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
the distribution channel in case such a decision is finally taken by or mandated 
by the government? 
Management: 
First, talking about the Q4, there you would have noticed that the entire 
insurance sector had a sluggish kind of Q4 and that may be related to various 
events taking place geopolitically across the globe. And coming to our growth 
in Q4, as I already said that instead of looking month-to-month and quarter-to-
quarter growth we like to focus on the annual numbers and we are happy that 
we have been able to meet more or less our annual guidance of 13%.  
We have maintained our 3-year CAGR slightly higher than that, in fact. And 
banca channel also has been able to meet our internal budget set for the year. 
Regarding your other query, I would like to emphasize that SBI Life is now a 
25-year-old company. And in this long journey, we have established various -- 
very robust system and procedure.  
And we have seen various regulatory changes coming at different point of 
times. You will appreciate that the company has been able to navigate all these 
regulatory changes with ease and we have been growing at a consistent rate. 
We are not aware about this particular topic as of now. But we are very sure 
that any regulatory changes, we will be able to meet with a robust response. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Right. And sir, strategy on other channels. I know you've added a lot of agents 
and new branches. But on the other line item, what are the channels we would 
incrementally be focused on irrespective of what happens with the banca 
channel? 
Management: 
So agency channel, for the last 2 years we have been strengthening a lot. And 
in fact, the contribution of agency channel in our distribution mix has improved 
in last couple of years. In addition to the agency channel, where we are opening 
more number of branches, adding more agents, having better productivity. 
We are also focusing upon our emerging business channel, although as of 
now, it is a small channel, but the growth rate and the investment being made 
in this particular channel are giving us good results. We will continue to invest 
in our direct channel on our website and direct channel sales. And we are sure 
that this is also going to be a good formidable force in coming future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. A few questions. Firstly, just extending the previous question. Has 
there been any communication from RBI in any form about open architecture 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
or in form of offering more products at the bancassurance channel because 
the interview kind of stated that there has been some communication or 
request gone to the banks to adopt an open architecture. 
Second is, if I look at your cost ratio, right, from FY24 your opex was at 4.9, 
has gone up to 6.1. Total was 8.9 and gone up to 10.6. And within that main 
thing, I think the product mix shift possibly to a certain extent, but also you have 
opened more branches and the agency channel has seen a really stronger 
growth. 
So how do you see the cost ratios moving from here on, do you think that you 
would be capped at 10.6 or this ratio will kind of keep moving higher? And 
thirdly earlier, while you talk about a 14% kind of APE growth, what would be 
your thoughts on margins going ahead with VNB margins going ahead? Those 
are my three questions. Thanks. 
Management: 
So RBI guidelines are draft guidelines, in fact, are in public domain for last 
couple of months and they are supposed to come in force from 1st of July. It 
does not talk of open architecture. And we do not have any additional 
information other than what is in the public domain. As far as cost ratio is 
concerned, the impact on cost in this particular year, last financial year is 
substantially coming from the GST impact. As I already talked in my opening 
remarks. 
The other factors regarding opening more number of branches, having higher 
IT spend for customer ease and the other processes and spends on training 
our agency force and our CIFs, etcetera. Those are the reasons which have 
resulted in slightly higher cost ratios. But going forward, I think these things 
have already panned out. And other than strengthening IT, there is no other 
major expense planned in the near future. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Sir, just extending that question. So GST is not onetime, right? GST is going 
to be there for some time, it's a permanent thing, right, unless we kind of really 
do some cost savings, which will bring down our costs, right? So from that 
perspective, how do you see the cost ratio? And my last question was on VNB 
margin trajectory going ahead? 
Management: 
So that is what I said that now the GST is already in this cost of 10.8%. So that 
has already been built in. We do not see costs going higher on account of this 
particular thing. Prithesh, would you like to talk about the margin? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
Management: 
So I think the margin also, if you see we have reflected the 27.5 margin that 
already accounted for all the impact of GST. And last time also, we mentioned 
that we're working to enhance the product mix and profile mix. And we are very 
sure that enhancement in the profile mix will able to absorb this impact of GST. 
So even if you see the VNB walk, closely, we have offset. So the better product 
mix and some benefits coming from the interest movement has able to offset 
this impact of GST. So that's the reason 27.5 we're reflecting into. 
As MD sir also mentioned that expenses are reflected and we are looking to 
better product mix from current level with a growth of 14%. So we expect that 
our margin will continue to be a similar range that we maintain about 26% to 
28% range that we are seeing. And our endeavor is to report the margin above 
27% kind of things. 
Management: 
You will appreciate that despite the GST impact and other onetime impacts, 
we have been able to report VoNB margin at the higher end of the range of 
26% to 28% that we had set at the start of the financial year. So we stuck to 
our range and we will continue to maintain that kind of margin in coming years 
also.  
Prayesh Jain: 
Absolutely commendable sir there. But with all the costs and with all the 
onetime impacts in the margins in this year and now we're moving more 
favorably to move our product mix more favorably, should we shift our 
guidance to '27 to '29 versus '26 to '28? 
Management: 
So I think we said '27 to '28, and we will stick to that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Hi. Good evening. Congratulations on good numbers in a sort of difficult 
operating environment. So first question, in the EV walk, we see a very strong 
positive operating variance. If you can quantify how much is expenses, 
persistency and mortality. And if we have such a strong positive variance, then 
why are we strengthening our assumptions in the VNB? So I wanted to get a 
better sense of why are we seeing this divergence in EV and then in VNB? 
And second, sir, our solvency is now at about 190%. We work at 180% 
solvency. So in terms of capital, what are your thoughts? Any additional need? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
And how will you sort of bridge that gap if required? Yes, those would be my 
two questions. Thanks. 
Management: 
First on your question on the EV walk that we always mentioned that as a 
company, we set our assumption, we always have the longer term view and 
we ensure that it is sustainable in longer term. That always give us a very 
positive variance. And if you see year-on-year, we keep reporting the positive 
variance we have quality of businesses. 
And this is not coming because we are using different conservative or prudent 
assumption. This is because our quality of business is reflecting much better 
than what we look into. So if I say most of the positive variance coming on 
account of mortality profit and persistency and lesser on the expenses. So 
that's where it's coming from. 
If I link with the VNB assumption, 0.2% is not significant. And we appreciate 
that the products that we are currently looking in, selling in the new business. 
And what has been reflected in our existing book, both are significantly slightly 
different. It's not exactly same. So it may not be fair to correlate the 
assumptions in the VNB with that of operating variance in EV, generally 
reflective. 
So there are maybe one or two product lines which we have tried to increase 
or promote their minor refinement we did in the assumption for VNB. And that's  
also, I will say, it is very emerging trends. And as a company, we always look 
into and adopt this assumption. So that's you see the VNB and EV. 
Management: 
As far as solvency is concerned, you see the company is generating good cash 
accruals and strengthening its capital base through internal accruals. So we 
have not raised any fresh capital for strengthening our margin. And this is 
efficient use of capital that is resulting in solvency of 1.90 against the regulatory 
requirement of 1.50.  
Going forward, we are assessing the impact of the Ind AS and RBC also that 
is being discussed at the regulatory level for introduction in near future. So we 
are keeping a very sharp eye and we will take appropriate call at appropriate 
time. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just one final follow-up. Can you split the economic variance between your 
debt and equity? 
Management: 
So see, our economic variance is more or less the sensitivity that we spend in 
EV. So majorly, you see the equity fall, and so major share coming from the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
equity and other part is coming from the bond. So if you total 3.66%, if you say 
around 2.15% is coming from the equity and balance is from the bond. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus Spark. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, you said that our growth most likely will be in the range of 14-odd 
percentage for the next few years. But if I look at your banca growth, maybe 
for last 3 years, it has been stuck in the range of 9 to 11-odd percentage. So 
just wanted to understand if the 14% growth has to be delivered, then there 
should be a heavy lifting of the growth from the other channels, either agency 
or other relationships? Sir, just wanted to understand if you want to give a color 
of that 11% trend to continue in banca and it will be largely driven by the other 
channels in a way to drive the growth? That's my first question, sir. 
Management: 
As already being guided for last 2 years, we have been telling that we are 
strengthening our agency channel by opening more number of branches, by 
having more agents, by improving agent's productivity, etcetera. So the clear 
focus is on further strengthening the agency channel and tapping all the 
opportunities that are available in this particular channel.  
We already have a robust share of agency business in the industry, and we 
want to further strengthen it. We have also guided that in the distribution mix 
also, we would like to have greater share of agency channel, and that is already 
taking place if you look at the distribution mix in the last couple of years. So 
this 14% will be an optimum mix of the agency growth and the banca growth. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, then is it fair to say that the banca growth in that range of 10% to 11% is a 
realistic number going ahead for us? 
Management: 
I mean, we do not diverge the different channels growth targets as such. But 
this is the kind of base that we have been growing in despite all the 
circumstances and all, and you can say that... 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sir, the reason I'm asking this question is that if I assume the nominal GDP 
growth or inflation-led growth with the natural increase in the ticket size, that 
will be in the range of 8 to 10 percentage, which means that a penetration in 
the banca channel largely being achieved, the growth in banca will be 
predominantly driven by the ticket size increase. That's the reason I was asking 
that more realistic growth penetration being largely achieved, it's more ticket 
size led growth like 8 to 10 percentage or 10 to 11 percentage kind of a 
number? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
Management: 
No. Our focus is also on the protection side. So I will not say that the growth is 
coming only from the ticket size increase. If you look at the number of policies 
also, the protection segment is growing, where the ticket size is very small. 
And there, also, we are getting substantial number of policies that has resulted 
in good protection growth also. So we do not look at from quarter-to-quarter 
and month-to-month number, but we set our annual targets and medium-term 
targets and go around doing business on those lines. 
Management: 
And Sanketh, my endeavor remains to further strengthen the penetration of 
customer base of bank. We are not saying we have facilitated the customer 
base of bank. 
Management: 
Yes, the opportunities are there and we are tapping all the available 
opportunities in the best possible manner. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And my second question is again on the margin. Sir, at the 
start of the year, you guided 26 to 28, but at the start of the year, you did not 
have a GST impact. But if I negate the GST impact, you actually ended up 
reporting 29 instead of 27.5, which means you under-guided probably on the 
margin. So just wanted to understand this 27 to 28, what you're trying to guide 
now has an upside either because of the product mix or cost levers to play out 
in the next year? 
Management: 
So this is a matter of perception. You can say under-guided or you can say 
over-delivered. This is a matter of perception only. 
Sanketh Godha: 
So the realistic margins may be better than 28 is what I wanted to check rather 
than being a little conservative in that sense. 
Management: 
So no, it is not about the conservativeness. You see the only reason to deliver 
this margin despite the GST impact is, as a company, we are working to 
improve the product mix, right? That's the reason we are able to absorb almost 
the heat on the margin. Why we're giving the higher range is, as you said, with 
the higher base, we have tried to grow with the 14%. And at the same time, we 
are also trying to achieve the better product mix.  
So making a combination that product mix would give a better margin and a 
better value, as well as maintain that 14% growth is such a high value, it's not 
a very easier task, and that's the range what we give, it gives us some flexibility 
to play around, to maintain the good growth rate as well as maintain the margin. 
That's the reason we are trying to do that. It's not about that we are giving a 
prudent or conservative guidance. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Management: 
So both growth and profitability, we keep a very sharp eye and we adjust 
accordingly. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And lastly, sir, two things. One is, in protection, can you give 
your premium mix or IP mix, individual protection I mean to say, broken down 
into pure term and RWRP, and whether RWRP as a product has seen a natural 
lower demand because of the GST benefit, which is available in pure term 
compared to RWRP? That's one thing. 
 
And second, last time in the call, you said that you were working on deferred 
annuity plan. If you can give a bit of guidance or a color of how far you have 
come with the product, whether you are okay to launch that particular product 
in the current year or not? 
Management: 
So our endeavor is to launch this deferred annuity product in this quarter itself. 
So we are aiming to go live by June, we should launch the deferred annuity. 
Otherwise, we'll go to the next quarter. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood, sir. And on the protection side, sir? 
Management: 
Protection side, the number we'll give offline to you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shobhit Sharma from HDFC Securities 
Limited. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Sir, my first question is on your agency 
channel. That channel has consistently grown year-on-year for the last 2, 3 
years and have provided stability to your overall growth. So what gives you the 
confidence? I understand you mentioned about the new agent additions and 
the new opening of the branches. So can you give us some color around these 
agents who have been recruited? Are these from the industry or are these new 
to the insurance business?  
And secondly, if you can give us some qualitative comments about the 
branches, which has been opened in last 2, 3 years, what is the business 
contributed by them? Or if you can give some color around the contribution of 
these newly hired agents over the last 2, 3 years? 
Management: 
Since we are new to the insurance industry, there is no open architecture on 
the agency side. So we have a very robust system of hiring and training agents, 
and we are happy that the agent increase is also being equally met with the 
agent productivity. So the good growth number is coming both from the side of 
increased number of agents as well as increased productivity.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
So as I already said that we want to tap the opportunities available on the 
agency side. We are happy that today we have one of the strongest agency 
force in the market, in the private industry and the largest player also. A 
substantial portion of the industry mobilization is coming through SBI Life. We'll 
continue to focus on this particular channel and our training methods to our 
agents to further tap the opportunities that are available here. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Sir, any number around the business contribution from the branches which you 
opened in the last 2, 3 years or the contribution of agents whose vintage is less 
than 3 years? 
Management: 
We do not disclose those kind of numbers. And you will appreciate that of 
course, any branch which is newly opened, it takes some time to breakeven. 
But these branches are well on track. We are satisfied with the contribution 
that is coming through these branches. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And sir, second question is on your NOP count. So over the last 3 
years we have not seen the NOP count growing on the individual side. We had 
seen a very strong growth in Q3 beyond the NOP side. But in Q4 again it has 
turned negative. So when can we expect our growth to be led by NOP instead 
of the growth in the ticket sizes? And last question is on the GST impact. So I 
believe that the GST impact which we have seen during this year was actually 
a permanent -- it was actually permanent in nature? 
And we would have made changes in our acturial assumptions. So how should 
we think about the impact from next year onwards? Should we see a similar 
kind of impact of 1.5% on our overall margins? Or it would be on a higher side 
because this year we had an impact for only the second half primarily. 
Management: 
So see GST impact has already accounted for in the margin the 27.5% is 
reflected. Only this is for the business done after 2nd September. So maybe 
next another half year we'll see some impact. But I think this is more or less 
similar level for the 6 months. Overall and that we have adjusted. And we are 
working to do that product mix profile so that offset that. 
So that's the reason we're saying with the GST impact considering into 
reflecting our cost and all we are able to deliver the margin that we've just given 
the guidance of 26% to 28% range. So there was no adverse impact going to 
be reflected on account of GST. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
So that's the part. And acturial assumption on GST basically a sense of the 
input cost. We are absorbing the commission -- GST payable on commission 
of agents and distributors. So that's already reflected in that. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And on the NOP side? 
Management: 
I think NOP we are giving this thing. And we are hoping that once we come 
with the deferred annuity product that also will help us to increase some of the 
NOP because we appreciate the single premium annuity. Most of the high 
ticket size, but when you come to the deferred regular annuity. 
I think, ticket size will be much lower than single premium and more earning 
people will buy these things. So we expect that will help us not only to grow the 
annuity business, but also increase the number of annuitants who will buy the 
policy from us. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
So you mean to say NOP growth next year would be driven by the annuity 
products, which we'll be launching in this quarter or the next quarter. 
Management: 
No, we are not saying that. We are saying that will help us to increase the 
overall annuity business. Not specific that only we'll do that. I see we have the 
complete suite of the annuity. We have a deferred annuity in single premium. 
We we have the immediate annuity. And where we have the NPS annuity. 
And within the annuity, we offer certain options. Now we are lagging only on 
the regular pay a different annuity. So by launching that annuity, we'll have a 
complete suite of annuity product available to the customer. And we expect 
that complete suite will help us to grow the base line of business. 
Management: 
I think the confusion is he is talking about NOP not only annuity. So overall 
NOP will also increase through other products and protection products will 
especially help in increasing the number of NOP. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sir, my first question on the VNB mix. I know that you don't give the margins 
across channels and every channel has a different product mix. But let's say if 
you were to take FY23 for the last 2 years and assume a similar product mix, 
channel mix, cost structure. What would be the VNB contribution across some 
of these channels or some qualitative color in terms of divergence between 
APE mix and VNB mix across channels, at least qualitatively? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
The second question is on the Credit Protect  business for FY26. The growth 
seems to be a little bit on the softer side. So going into next year I just wanted 
to get some color on what are the attachment rates at SBI? Or what are the 
efforts that you're really undertaking to grow this business because it's a 
relatively high-margin business, I would assume. 
And finally, the third question is on the operating release. Now if I look at the 
last 10 years, ex of COVID I mean in almost all the years, you would have 
delivered a positive release. So just in terms of the assumptions that you have 
built in the back book transition into IFRS. And I understand you are taking the 
forbearance. 
But does this sort of robust risk management or prudent underwriting that you 
would have done give you any sort of benefit relative to any other company, 
who should have probably taken a differentiated strategy on these 
assumptions? And one question on the data keeping question, if you can break 
the operating variance into mortality, persistency and expense and others? 
Management: 
So I will start with the last question. I think as I explained that most of the 
operating variance is coming on account of the mortality and persistency and 
lesser is coming on the expenses. So this is the thing. Second, on your 
question to the channel-wise margin, I think we don't disclose that and we don't 
look into the specific, we don't drive particularly the product mix with the 
particular channel. 
We offer the products to all the channels. We pay the similar commission to 
the different channel and do that. And that's the reason we don't disclose this 
and even don't look into those on a margin perspective for which channel we're 
driving this. Because we look into the longer term and company-level margin 
accretion on that. 
Third question, if I remember correctly. Your actuarial assumptions and 
positive variance. I think that I mentioned earlier, most of the operating positive 
variance over the years, including the COVID periods, reflect the two set of 
things. One is the quality of business the company is writing and underwriting 
in one of the parts. So if you write a better quality of business, you expect the 
experience will be much better. 
Secondly, also look into how you see your sustainability in the longer term. So 
when we set the assumption, we take a longer-term view. And each and every 
time, we will see that whenever we see the credible experience emerging and 
thus mandate to review our assumption and modify, we give that. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
So even the last year we have capitalized quite a few -- particularly for the 
persistency side, we capitalized some of the assumption. And that's the reason 
this year, the persistency variance is slightly lower to that. And we will continue 
to do that. Our view is to report the numbers and view is to -- not only the 
pricing and reporting as well, keep a longer-term sustainable view on that 
perspective. 
So this is the third question. I don't want to comment how this will play out in 
the IFRS 17 to us and how the others in the market. We normally avoid 
comparing our performance versus others. But definitely, if company is having 
the longer-term sustainable assumptions that will have the better place. And 
that will also reflect in IFRS regime as well. 
Management: 
And the banca Credit Life, we think 14% is reasonable growth is faster than 
the bank's loan growth. We have increased our attachment in home loans by 
substantial amount. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it. Just one small follow-up. If I heard correctly, you mentioned that your 
persistency variance this year is a little lower than last year. And I think last 
year, you were around INR2.5 billion to INR3 billion. So that basically means 
that for this year you almost had like INR8 million, INR9 million of positive 
mortality variance. I mean, is that the right understanding? 
Management: 
No, no. I'm not saying that. What I tried to tell you that each and every time 
whenever we see the credible experience and continuous positive variance 
coming into that will revise and do that. And when you revise you will get certain 
gaap on that perspective, nothing else. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS. Please 
go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Yes. Hi, just a follow-up on the Credit Life. This quarter, we see a big impact 
on the group credit. It's largely coming from GTI. Is the right understanding or 
how is the Credit Life ending quarter-on-quarter and Y-o-Y this quarter? 
Management: 
No, this quarter, the GTI business has reduced as compared to the Credit Life. 
So that is the reason the quarter 4 growth in the group, credit group business 
has actually gone up. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Okay. And do we have numbers on how much is Credit Life and how much is 
group? 
Management: 
No, quarterly I don't have a number. We will give you separately. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Okay. And on the product mix, I think we have mentioned that we will be likely 
around 60-40; 60 ULIP and 40 for non-ULIP. I think we've only kind of achieved 
that. The mix will largely remain stable in terms of ULIP and non-ULIP will turn 
around between non-par and par is a fair understanding or we can further see 
ULIP in different types? 
Management: 
No, we are driving at already in the initial remarks, MD has commented that 
we are driving for a right product mix in the longer run perspective. So today, 
we are at 66-34. So depending upon the market, depending the customer's 
choice, we are offering the products across geographies. So we will continue 
to drive the better productivity or a balanced product mix rather going forward. 
So we will see how the experience will evolve. But yes, we are looking into the 
better product mix going forward. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Okay. I was coming from APE perspective. I think it's already 59% ULIP and 
that's coming from non-ULIP 
Management: 
Yes, IRP basis, it is 66%. 
Management: 
We are talking on individual APE basis. So you are talking about the APE.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
That is 66-34. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
And non-par savings, are you taking or not taking any increase in IRR 
dependence like others have been recouping some of the GST impact or what 
is our strategy here because growth, while everybody has seen a decline, our 
decline has been a little moderate compared to peers? Any commentary here 
or the strategy going forward? 
Management: 
So I think non-par, if I understand correctly your question on the non-par IRR 
perspective. So I think we continue to look into the interest rate movement and 
re-price the product. Currently, if you see there is a lot of volatility in the yield 
curve and this yield is not sustainable, that's holding up.  
But in the meantime, we have launched a new non-par products that replace 
our existing non-par product and that reflects the current yield. So to some 
extent, we have passed some benefit to the customer by launching this new 
product, but we'll continue monitoring and regular monitoring that I keep saying 
that the company will keep doing this adopting the dynamic approach as per 
interest rate sensitive product is concerned. And whenever we see this is a 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
sustainable thing, we'll re-price and pass on to the benefit to the customer. So 
we try to balance between those. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: 
Sure. Thank you. That is it and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity and question is on VNB margin. So if you look at 
the full year VNB margin, there is a 150 basis point impact of GST. So that is 
for half year. So does it mean that for the full year the impact would be around 
300 basis points and our starting margin, let's say, on a like-to-like basis, it's 
26% if the GST would have been implemented for the full year, which means 
that we have to show VNB margin expansion from 26% in FY27. So that is the 
first question? 
Management: 
No, this is not the case. So if you see the business written post September is 
much higher than the H1. Secondly, that we mentioned is that when we 
declared the result on September of every year, we have already incorporated 
the GST impact in terms of the commissions and the renewal commission for 
the business written prior to the 22nd September as all.  
So if I summarize, I say that all the business written after 22nd September, the 
GST impact on commission reflected both first year commission and renewal. 
And for the business written prior to 22nd September, the GST impact on 
commission and renewal has been. Thirdly, we have incorporated the 
expenses, actual expenses including GST when we report these things. 
So most of the part of the impact of GST in terms of renewal commission, 
commission of new business and expenses is included, only we are left with 
the first half first year commission for the business written until 22nd. So it will 
not be and if I remember correctly, we quantified this number. We're expecting 
the annual impact, maybe around 1.8, 1.9 kind of things, if GST would have 
been implemented from the beginning itself. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure. And second, sir, as we move towards non-banca channels over the next 
2 to 3 years or the share of non-banca channel increases in our overall mix. 
On a Ceteris paribus basis will that have a negative impact on margins 
because we believe that banca would be a slightly higher margin with channel 
versus non-banca. So if we don't do anything on the product mix side, will that 
have a negative impact on our overall margins? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Management: 
No, I don't think and we don't think there will be any negative impact. In fact, 
any channel addition will bring value to the table by way of the fixed expenses 
get amortized and quality will happen. I think that is going to aid the value to 
the company and there would not be any negative impact on the margins. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sure, sir. Thank you, sir. That’s it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshal Mehta from Asian 
Market Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Two quick questions from my end. So firstly as 
you know like we are in the earlier days in those IFRS. 
Management: 
Please, be louder. 
Harshal Mehta: 
Yes. So my first question was that we know that we are in the initial days of 
IFRS, but if you can give some initial thoughts on how the KPIs will be for SBI 
Life under the IFRS, so that was one. And secondly, like our strategy has been 
to focus on additional products and within that, we have seen par growing 
significantly higher than non-par, but given the backdrop that we have recently 
launched a non-par product in Jan, how do you expect non-par as a category 
to move from here on? 
Management: 
See, as far as the IFRS is concerned, we are prepared. And as you know, we 
have submitted the pro forma to the regulator for the last two financial years. 
And as already mentioned in the initial remarks we are going to have a 
forbearance for this fiscal. And next year onwards we will be prepared to launch 
into the IFRS regime.  
And we don't see anything as of now to bring in on a KPI into the company's 
performance or to disclose at any point of time during this financial year. So 
we will see first how it will evolve over the next 2 to 3 years' time and then to 
bring in because it has got implications into the business, because we cannot 
just bring the KPIs to the business, which will be definitely look into different 
aspects as far as IFRS is concerned. Second part, you asked about product. 
Management: 
I think if I heard you correctly how we're going to see par product, still the 
contribution is around 7% almost in this perspective and non-par we have 
launched. So we do believe that the new launch in non-par will see a lot of 
traction on that, that will also bring the movement in the non-par. And again, if 
interest rate is going to be established at current level, we will re-price and we 
better return. So that also help us to improve the growth of the non-par 
business as such. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Harshal Mehta: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Samant Singh from Phillip 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Samant Singh: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. I hope you can hear me. Am I audible? 
Management: 
Sir, you are audible. 
Samant Singh: 
Yes, okay. So just at the two data keeping questions. One was on online 
channel growth that was very strong until 9 months, so like 45% Y-o-Y basis. 
So anything on the discrete Q4 number or the full year number that will be 
helpful. And the second is on attachment rate on the Credit Life portion. So 
what is attachment rate on home loans? So if you can just give two data points? 
Management: 
So as far as our online business, which is purely on our own website, it is 
almost in a similar range of 48% to 50% growth, which we have done for the 
full financial year and that we will continue to focus more on this channel on 
our road. And as far as the attachment ratio of Credit Life, I think it is going in 
the similar what we have been doing it for the previous years around 50% of 
reported year. 
Samant Singh: 
Okay. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav from MLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Gaurav: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, the question was 
with regards to the cost ratio. So if I look at the operating expense ratio has 
moved up from 5.3% to 6.1% in FY26 versus last year. And you explained that 
this is due to GST, the impact of GST embedded in the cost now.  
So is it only from September to March the cost impact that we are looking at 
here? So, let's say, for FY27, given that the entire year will have GST impact. 
So hypothetically, I mean, is this 6.1 million only reflective of 6 months of GST 
or this includes the full year impact of GST? 
Management: 
So this is obviously the second half of this year, half year of this fiscal impact 
of this GST. Next year, it will be full year. The other one-off item, I think you 
must have heard in the last call that it is a new item, which is the Labor Code. 
So that has also this year is impacting this increase in the operating expenses. 
But we are confident that it will not go under our radar rather in the way we are 
managing the expenses of the company will continue to be in that range. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
Gaurav: 
Sure. So sir, if you can just quantify the deviation from 5.3% to 6.1% that we 
see, how much of that is attributable to GST? And how much of that is 
attributable to new Labor Code, if you can just quantify that? 
Management: 
Yes, I can just tell you that if the Labor Code or the GST would have not been 
there, then the opex ratio would have been around 5.5 against 5.3. 
Gaurav: 
Okay. Understood, sir. Got it. So safe to say that next year, it may go up slightly 
given that this only has 6 months of GST, but it won't go materially up from 
here. Is that the right thing to read it? 
Management: 
It's not necessarily because the opex is not only a one-off item of the GST, 
which will impact. There are other measures which we take. So that will also 
help to rationalize the cost. And then we also look into the economics of the 
expenses where we want to do whether we want to do or not. But yes, as far 
as the growth is concerned, we are very focused that we will spend our money 
on the investments, particularly on the branches, IT infrastructure that will 
continue. But it will not have much impact as far as the opex is concerned for 
the company. 
Gaurav: 
Understood. And sir, the next question is on the channel mix. While this year, 
we saw other channels contribution share improving. For next year also, do 
you expect the other channel contribution shares to improve? And let's say, 
from a 2 to 3 year perspective, what would be the, let's say, SBI contribution 
or any target sort of you are maintaining to reduce the contribution from SBI 
going forward? 
Management: 
So we are not targeting any reduction from SBI. What we are targeting is 
tapping additional opportunity on the agency and the emerging business 
channel. And in line with that, the higher growth coming from these two 
segments will improve their contribution in the overall distribution mix. We are 
not targeting any reduction from SBI. 
Gaurav: 
Understood. So with the effect of diversification, where would you see the 
overall mix, let's say, ex banca and within banca maybe ex SBI? What would 
be, let's say, target share of these other segments that you would want to 
keep? 
Management: 
So in last 2 years, we have seen approximately 3% to 4% shift from banca to 
agency and emerging businesses and all. And we expect the similar trend in 
coming years. 
Gaurav: 
Understood. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
April 22, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran for closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Jhingran: 
Thank you, everyone, for your time and queries. You may get in touch with our 
Investor Relations team in case you have any follow-up questions and we will 
be happy to respond to that. Thanks again. God bless everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except 
for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or 
phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the Company and 
its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the 
future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the 
economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-
looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in 
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results 
could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 
