IMART HOTEL INVESTMENTS — 
SAMHI Hotels Ltd. 
Correspondence: 
wiww.samhi coin 
27% May 2026 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Maharashtra, India 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 543984 
Scrip Code: SAMHI 
Sub: Transcripts of Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call with the 
Investors or Analysts held on Friday, 22"¢ May 2026 at 09:00 a.m. (IST). 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Sanjay Jain 
Senior Director - Corporate Affairs, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above
SANJAY 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
SANJAY JAIN 
Date: 2026.05.27 
16:33:26 +05'30'

SAMHI 
—SALART HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 22,2026 
“E&OE -This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded 
on the stock exchange on 22" May 2026 will prevail.” 
ST 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHISH JAKHANWALA — MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. RAJAT MEHRA — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GYANA DAS — EVP AND HEAD OF INVESTMENTS 
MR. NAKUL MANAKTALA — SVP, INVESTMENTS 
Page 1 0f 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 and FY26 Eamings Conference Call 
of SAMHI Hotels Limited. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about 
the company, which are based on the belicfs, opinions and cxpectations of the company as on 
date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertaintics that are difficult 
to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashish Jakhanwala, MD and CEO of SAMHI Hotels 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good moming, everyone, and welcome to SAMHI Hotels' Q4 and Full Year 
Financial Year 2026 Earnings Call. Thank you for taking out the time to join us today. T am 
joined by our CFO, Rajat Mehra; EVP and Head of Investments, Gyana Das; and Nakul, our 
SVP of Investments. Our Investor Relations partner, Strategic Growth Advisors are also on the 
aall. 
We have uploaded our Q4 FY26 financial results and investor presentations on the exchanges 
and on our website, and I hope everyone has had a chance to go through them. FY2026 was a 
year of tangible performance in the midst of real headwinds, and I'm pleased to share our 
progress with you. 
T would like to start by informing you that the company delivered a profit before tax of circa 
INR 165 crores, which was 89% growth over last year. This was before any one-time or 
cxceptional items and actually demonstrates how far we have come since we went public. 
At the start of FY26, we sct 2 specific commitments to our sharcholders. A, delivered revenue 
growth in the range of 9% to 11% and two, bring the balance shect to a net debt-to-EBITDA of 
approximately 3x. 
Despite revenue disruptions and active future growth, we have delivered both as revemue growth 
came in at 12.3% for the year, anchored to commercial demand in our core market, total income 
at INR 1,279 crores. And we ended the year with a net debt at INR 1,450 crores, translating to a 
net debt-to-EBITDA of about 3x. 
What makes these outcomes meaningful is the operating environment they were delivered in 
FY26 absorbed the sequence of disruptions that bracketed almost every quarter. The India- 
Pakistan conflict in May and unusually severe monsoons and flooding in our core markets in 
August, the airline disruption in December and the Middle East conflict in March, which 
continues. 
These onctime events compressed our full year revenue by approximately INR 45 crores to INR 
52 crores, leading to revenue growth being diluted from a potential of 16% to 17% to an actual 
Page 2 0f 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Rajat Mehra: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
reported number of 12.3%. FY26 was also the year we set up the next decade of SAMHI's 
growth. 
We formally launched our GIC platform for upscale hotels in India committing approximately 
INR 750 crores for a 35% minority stake in a 1,000-room platform. Of this INR 600 crores has 
already been received with the balance to come over the next 2-odd years to find capex for the 
‘Westin - Tribute Bangalore development. 
We signed a partnership with Ingka Centers, which is a part of the IKEA Group for a 162-room 
upscale hotel at Sector 51 Noida structured as a long-term variable lease. It's a landmark addition 
that strengthens our presence in Delhi NCR through a capital efficient model. 
We also sceured a lease in a marquee undet-development project in Hyderabad, named One 
Financial District for a 260-room hotel, which will redefine the precinct through a combination 
of lifestyle retail, office and hotel. 
We also resolved the Navi Mumbai litigation and announced the development of our largest 
hotel project to date, a 700-room combination of Westin and Fairficld by Marriott with a 
potential revenue of almost INR 325 crores on current market RevPAR. 
We have yesterday sought approval ffom our Board to add a 135-room Marriott Hotel in 
Stiperumbudur, where we already have an operating Fairficld by Marriott and has achieved an 
asset level ROCE of more than 30%. 
This year, we also entered the experiential leisure segment through an acquisition of 
a 70% stake 
in RARE India, which is a curated platform of 73 hotcls and 1,000 rooms. This is under 
discussion for an affiliation with Outdoor Collection by Marriott Bomvoy. 
Tl now pass over the mic to Rajat, who will take you through the detailed financial performance. 
Over to you, Rajat. 
Thank you, Ashish. Good morning, everybody. Starting with our full year FY26 resuilts. The 
total income stood at INR 1,279 crores, with a same-store RevPAR growth of 9.5%, in line with 
our long-term guidance of 9% to 11%. The 4 core markets, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and 
Delhi NCR contributed approximately 76% of the asset income in line with our office absorption 
concentration. 
Consolidated EBITDA for FY26 was INR 463 crores, up 8.8% on a year-on-year reported basis 
with an EBITDA margin at 36.2%. Adjusted for the impact on account of the GST changes, this 
would have been circa 13% year-on-year growth. For the fourth quarter, the total income was 
approximately 
INR 354 crores, a year-on-year growth of9.3% with a same-store revemue growth 
of 6.4%. 
The quatter held a revenue growth trajectory of approximately 12% through the end of February 
before the Middle East disturbance reduced the March revenue to sub-minus 1%, thus diluting 
the full quarter revenue growth. 
Page 3 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Consolidated EBITDA for Q4 was approximately INR 120 crores, while this was 6% below the 
same quarter last year. It was largely on account of expanded GST impact as more rooms were 
sold for less than INR 7,500 , some FF&E expense through the P&L and the preopening 
expenses for the naw inventory. 
The impact of the Gulf crisis added to these factors. For the full year, the key developments, 
which impacted our performance includes: first, the GST regulatory change, moving the hotel 
slab from 12% with input credit to 5% without the input tax credit, which impacted the H2 FY26 
consolidated EBITDA by approximately INR 14 crores. 
Second, approximately INR 5 crores was funded for the FF&E product upgrade. The year-end 
reconciliation, some actuarial valuation, which is done at the end of the year, which are all routed 
through the P&L. 
Third, the four onetime disturbances that Ashish mentioned carlier, starting with the India- 
Pakistan conflict in May and ending with the Middle East conflict, which is still continue. 
Adjusted for these items, FY26 EBITDA growth would have come in line of 19% to 20% with 
margins of 38% plus. 
Q4 FY26 consolidated EBITDA would have been approximately INR 149 crores, representing 
ayear-on-year growth of approximately 16.8% in line with the trajectory we have held before 
the distusbance. Moving below the EBITDA. Depreciation and amortization for FY26 was INR 
127 crores versus INR 116 crores in FY26. 
Finance costs for the year was INR 171 crores, sharply down from INR 225 crores in FY25, 
reflecting the impact of the GIC capital infusion starting in June 25, and consequent 
deleveraging and the reduction in the cost of borrowing. PBT before exceptional items almost 
doubled to INR 165 crotes for the year, up from about INR 87 crores in FY25. 
We also booked deferred 
tax income of approximately 
INR 330 crores recognized in the fourth 
quarter on account of formal recognition of brought forward losses and unabsorbed depreciation 
that will have recognized in our balance shect as a deferred tax asset, reflecting management's 
increased confidence in the continuous utilization of this shield. This is a noncash accounting 
driven income line. 
FY26 reported PAT, included the Q4 deferred tax recognition, the Navi Mumbai and other 
impairment reversal of closc to about INR 83 crores and a gain on sale of discontinued operations 
in Caspia — Delhi, was approximately INR 567 crores. 
On the balance sheet, the net debt as on 31st of March 2026 stood at INR 1,450 crores, a 
reduction of approximately INR 516 crores from INR 1967 crores as of March 31, 2025, 
translating the GIC infusion deployed for deleveraging. The Net Debt-to-EBITDA at the end of 
the year is approximately 3x. Total Equity stood at approximately INR 2,286 crores at the year- 
end versus INR 1,142 crores at the end of FY25. 
Page 4 0f 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
The effective interest rate for the group is now 7.9% as on May 21, 2026, and an annualized 
interest cost run rate has actually come down to about INR 130 crores to INR 135 crores. Our 
Credit rating has been upgraded to A+ Stable by both CARE and ICRA during the year. 
The combination of consistent same-store revemmie growth, further levers for improved margins, 
decline in finance costs and fully capitalized growth pipeline gave us a fiee cash flow generation 
of approximately INR 300 crores in FY26, after both interest and Lease Minimum Guarantee 
payments. This is the number that we underwrite for the next phase, and Ashish will speak on 
how this will compound. 
With this, T now request Ashish to take you through the growth projects and concluding 
statements. Over to you, Ashish. 
Thanks, Rajat. So FY26 was a year that SAMHI free cash flow generation became real and FY27 
onwards is the year that free cash compounds. Let me lay this out to you. Our FY26 free cash 
flow of approximately INR 300 crores became approximately INR 315 crores on a run rate basis 
once the additional interest savings we have secured is factored in. 
Orera S-year horizon from FY27 to the current fiscal 
to FY31, that base alone held flat produces 
approximately INR 1,550 crores of free cash. Layering on the same-store revenue growth, even 
at the lower end of 
a 9% to 11% range, adds approximately additional INR 1,000 crores of 
incremental free cash over the 5-year period. 
And on top of this, we have a fully committed pipeline of new openings, beginning in HITEC 
City Hyderabad at the end of FY27, the Tribute portfolio at Bangalore Whitefield at the end of 
FY28, Westin at Bangalore Whitefield, the upscale hotel at Ingka Noida and the new Marriott 
Stiperumbudur Chennai in FY29, FY30 together, adding the increment that takes a cumulative 
free cash post interest over the FY27 to '31 window to more than INR 3,000 crores. 
Our future frce cash flow is further complemented by demonstrated capital recycling track 
record. Over the past 3 years, SAMHI has recycled approximately INR 960 crores of capital - 
INR 210 crores realized by monctizing 
4 non-core hotels at an average 20x EV-to-EBITDA and 
approximately INR 750 crores for the GIC capital infision into the subsidiary platform. 
Of this, approximately INR 650 crores was deployed to reduce debt and the balance funding 
acerctive new acquisitions. So therefore, capital recycling is an established part of our playbook. 
It's not an opportunistic tool. We have identified further candidates within the portfolio, and we 
will exceute selcetively to maximize return from capital employed, accelerate our deleveraging 
and find growth. 
Going forward, the INR 3,000-plus crores of cumulative free cash over the FY27 to FY31, 
coupled with established capital recycling program is allocated against a structured framework. 
First, continue deleveraging towards a medium to long-term net debt-to-EBITDA target 
approximately 
2.5x. Second, the commitment to fully fnd the INR 2,200 crores of capex across 
the existing pipeline, including Navi Mumbai. 
Page 5 0f 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
Karan Khanna: 
Karan Khanna: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Third, refain investable surplus for tactical mergers and acquisitions and adding long-term 
variable leases where retums are very accrctive, And fourth, as free cash flow compounds 
beyond ow committed growth requirements, the Board intends to evaluate disciplined 
mechanism to retum capital dircetly to sharcholders in a manner consistent with long-term value 
creation. 
Looking ahead, FY27 builds from the FY26 base, we are confident of delivering 9 to 11% same- 
store revenue growth with healthy margin expansion on top of the ongoing contribution of the 
assets that opened during FY2026. The GST impact being normalized from quarterly 3 FY27 as 
ayear ago basis rescts. We are also confident of contributions coming from 
W Hyderabad in the 
near-tem. 
With the GIC platform giving us institutional capital fircpower, the Ingka partnership giving us 
amarquee and Delhi NCR addition on variable lease, the RARE India platform giving us capital 
cfficient entry into a rapidly expanding experiential leisure segment, SAMHI is now positioned 
to compound frce cash, expand the portfolio in core markets, transform the P&L through 
multiple big-box assets in our pipeline without taking incremental leverage and without diluting 
equity. 
Thanks for your time today, and we'll now open the floor for questions. 
Thank you very much. We will take the first question from the line of Karan Khanna from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahcad. 
Firstly, Ashish, can you provide some color on how April and May have trended so far? And 
how s 1Q FY27 looking so in terms of booking and MICE activitics? And as a follow-up, given 
you have had the bencit of a favorable base in FY26, how should we think about the like-for- 
like growth expectations for FY27? 
So Karan, cumulative QTD quarter-tll-date is tracking double-digit revenue growth. And bear 
in mind, April was flattish, May is strong. And that kind of answers your sccond part that we 
also inherited a very weak base in May of last year. 
SoT think given the fact that we almost lost a quarter last year, 1 month every quarter because 
of some issues, we think that even though the Gulf crisis will continue to impact absolute 
mumbers through the first quarter, the year-on-year growth will easily be maintained in double 
digits, Karan. 
Sure. And just on the GST impact, it scems like GST is more like a permanent reduction in 
‘margin since the rules are unlikely to change. So in light of this, what margins are you expecting 
in FY27, 28 and how would those margins look like prior to the GST implication? 
So Karan, the margins we expect to be around 38% or so. There is an impact of GST for sure, 
which is permanent in terms of absolute basis. But even then, we should maintain a 38% margin 
through the year. And don't forget, a lot of our pipeline is all upscale where we don't have many 
rooms selling for less than INR 7,500. So we should maintain a 38%-plus margin at a group 
level. 
Page 6 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Karan Khanna: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Viraj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Sure. And then secondly, if 
1 ook at Slide 32, given the kind of pipeline that you have in FY27 
and beyond, is there a spillover risk in terms of construction delay in any of these project in 
pipeline? And given that you have had 4 major hotel development announcements during the 
year. 
For FY27, should we continue to see more acquisition or capacity expansion announcement as 
well as the asset recycling continuing? Or will the focus now be towards stabilizing the existing 
pipcline first before pushing the ancillaries towards growth? 
So Karan, I think you know SAMHI for a while, we are a very well sct management team with 
specific responsibilitics to cach group. We have a very strong operating team, largely led 
by our 
operating partners. They will focus on ensuring that we deliver on the same-store or the operating 
assets without being distracted by what's been happening on the M&A space. 
That's one that 
I think at all times, we have scparated our operating teams from our growth team. 
The second question about acquisition versus capital recycling. Capital recycling, I just stated 
that is something that we'll continue to look at. We have identified a fow more candidates within 
our portfolio which we think where we can extract our capital from. 
And as we extract capital from those assets, we constantly look to redeploying them so that the 
return ratios can be improved for the company and for our sharcholders. Acquisitions arc always 
opportunistic, Karan. We want to maintain discipline of discount-to-replacement cost. We want 
to maintain the discipline of underwriting mid-teens ROCE. We want to maintain the discipline 
of not investing in long-lead greenfield asscts. 
And we have some because of adding inventory and so on and so forth. So we have very strong 
guardrails, but capital recycling is something that we contine to cvaluate through the year and 
next year, including also redeploying their capital for more interesting opportunitics. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Viraj Mahadevia from MoneyGrow 
India. Please go ahead. 
Congratulations on excellent results and on the deleveraging. A very quick question, given the 
new projects coming up this year, what s likely to be the revenue growth as a percent for FY27? 
So Viraj - sorry, the line is cracking a little bit. Hello? 
Sorry to interrupt in between. Ashish, I would you request you to please -- I'm sorry, Viraj, I 
would request to please mute your line. Sir, you may procced. 
Yes, I think the question was about what's the revenue growth we expect with the new openings. 
Tthink let's just break it up year-by-year. So what do we have in FY27. So FY27, first of all, we 
have the same-store of hotels. This portfolio grew in the ZIP code about 6% to 7% last year with 
alot of interruption. Without that, this would have grown comfortably in the ZIP code 10% to 
11%. 
Page 7 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
aj Mahadevia: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Given the base has been reset, as Karan mentioned on the carlier question, we expect the same- 
store hotels to comfortably grow in the ZIP code about 9% to 10% year-on-year for FY27. Two, 
we had undertaken a fair bit of renovation and additions during FY26. Just to mention a few, we 
have added inventory almost 20% inventory to our Sheraton in Hyderabad. 
We have added inventory to our Hyatt Regency, Punc, We have added inventory to one of our 
Holiday Inn Express hotels. We obviously opened to more Holiday Inn Express hotels during 
the year. We also undertook significant work in our Hyatt Place, Gurgaon, where a significant 
inventory was shut for renovation has reopencd, there's a new ballrooms and so on and so forth. 
So we do cxpeet that the capital and the cfforts get invested in FY26 in these assets will add on 
to the same store for FY27. And if not, they give us cnough cushion and hedge if the current 
crisis was to continue longer. And therefore, being conservative, we fecl that while, if there was 
o be no crisis, same-store would have grown at about 9% to 10% and incremental impact would 
have been about 3% to 4%. 
Total revenue growth would be about 14%-odd. But I think at this point, we like to guide with 
an clement of caution that the current crisis may continue. And thercfore, the overall revenue 
growth should be underwritten in the ZIP code of about 10% to 11% Y-o-Y. 
So that we expect FY27. FY28 is a big year for us because we open the W in Hyderabad. And 
notwithstanding what we are seeing as the current crisis, the location of that hotel, the brand and 
the product positioning is extremely strong. So we do expeet the W Hyderabad to bring on the 
current revenue run rate basis, almost 6% or 7% growth. 
So for FY28, is extremely well set to add that 6%, 7% Y-o-Y growth because of that new hotel 
opening And then beyond that, of course, we have larger openings like the Tribute in Bangalore, 
then the Westin in Bangalore, then the Noida development. So I think starting FY27, we arc in 
avery scoured space because of the investments that we have made since we went public. 
Understood. Thank you. And Ashish, would you like to guide us towards the interest cost outgo 
likely for FY27? 
So for FY27, on a pure Excel sheet, the interest expense comes to about INR 127 crores, but we 
would again caution. The news that we are hearing in the market is that the interest rate cycle 
may see an upward revision because of the currency weakness. We have already factored in a 
25 bps of increase to indicate a total interest cost in the range of about 
INR 135-0dd crores. 
Sowe have factored in what we expect could be the interest rate hardening this year. Otherwise, 
as of today, the cash interest expense will 
be about INR 127 crores, but we are guiding towards 
INR 135 crores, INR 140 crores only because of the fact that we will factor in a 15 to 20 bps 
increase in the interest rate. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the linc of Jinesh Joshi PL Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Page 8 of 23

S/ 
I 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
DIAYAAY 
Y £ 
May 22,2026 
Jinesh Joshit 
Sir, I was just trying to adjust the EBITDA margin in 4Q for the crisis. So if I have a look at our 
reported EBITDA, which includes ofher income, the figure stated is about INR 149 crores. And 
if T exclude other income of about INR 8 crores to INR 9 crores to the reported EBITDA and 
add about INR 22 crores of revenue loss that we have seen in the month of March. 
Our EBITDA margin is at about 38.4%, which in the base quarter was about 38.7% while the 
declin is not meaningful, but we haven' seen any improvement come through in the EBITDA 
margins. So are we kind of facing any operational headwinds on the cost side? If you can talk a 
bit about that? 
And also in that context, our full year guidance of 38% because 3Q and 4Q our margins typically 
tend to be higher, so if in 1Q and 2Q, we are slightly lower. So how should we think about that 
guidance as well? 
Jinesh, very good question. Let me break it up for you actually. So when you do the math in 
terms of adjusting for other income and then adding back the impact of, let's say, GST and the 
whole prices that you've seen, youire absolutely right, i's a flattish margin. 
But when you drill down our asset level performance this year, one of our larger assets have 
picked 
up almost INR 13 crores to INR 14 crores of what s called corporate catering and outdoor 
catering. That one business came at very low margins, okay. And that kind of impacted a bit of 
what would have been a slight increase in the margins to what we've delivered. 
So as we rationalize the revenue mix of FY27, that dilutive impact ofnot a very large, but still 
a reasonably sized business that was picked this year, which reported very low margin will 
disappear starting May. So I think there was one assct, one particular contract, a slight dilutive 
impact, which we will not see through FY27. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. Andsir, one accounting question. The variable lease hotls that we have announced 
in Hyderabad and Noida, now given these are long-term leases, will the rent get capitalized on 
the balance sheet? Or will it be expensed into the P&L? That s one. 
And just one small follow-up. While in the PPT, we have given a S-year capex guidance of INR 
2,200 crores. Can you just help us break it down for the next 2 years, which is 27 and 287 Yes, 
so thats the last question from my side. 
Rajat Mehra: 
Jinesh, this is Rajat here. Sce, as far as the lease which are paid till the time the development of 
the hotelis happening, all leases will get capitalized. So whatever we are paying for the W today 
on a regular basis is getting capitalized till the time we open the hotel. After that, it will be a 
state to the P&L as soon as we start generating revenue. 
Ashish Jakhanwala:Yes. So just to reconfirm, all leases have a 3- to 5-year minimal guarantee that is really a part of. 
Rajat Mehra 
For that, we will actually create a separate ROU and the lease liability, which has a separate 
accounting treatment, but the variable part of that is a cost which straightway goes as a part of 
P&L. 
Page 9 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Even today, Jinesh, about almost 1.5% to 2% of our revenue is on account of the variable lease 
payments we make on our existing leaschold asscts. So when you compare the EBITDA margins 
like-to-like, actually, our EBITDA would be in the ZIP code higher by about 150 to 170 basis 
points only on account of the lease treatment. 
Coming to your second question, for FY27, we have allocated about INR 250 crores to INR 270 
crores of capital, capex. Large part of this is actually towards the W in Hyderabad. Almost INR 
150 crores is for W, Hyderabad for it to be opening towards the end of the year. 
The balance is for the work going on in the Westin Bangalore. Then we are allocating some 
capital towards maintenance, and we've scen that the for P&L, there is some maintenance 
requirement. Then we are doing minor renovations in Four Poits, Pune and Jaipur. So we have 
allocated about INR 15 crores to INR 20 crores there and then some bit of investment in leisure. 
For FY28, we cxpect to maintain a similar ZIP code of capex and which then will be 
directedmajority of that will be directed towards the Westin in Bangalore, because W would 
have been largely fully invested so far. So that's how we see the capex plan for the next two 
years, ZIP code of INR 250 crores to INR 270 crores per year run rate as of today. 
Can 1 ask fust one more question, small clarification. So sir, in the presentation, we have 
mentioned that duc to the GST change, the number of room nights sold for less than INR 7,500 
have increased quite a bit. But if 
1 look at the oceupancy of the upper mid-scale and mid-scale 
assets that we have given in the PPT, that figure is more or less constant. So I was just trying to 
think through what has happened exactly? 
The funmy part about the GST regulation is it has nothing to do with segment. It has nothing to 
do with the average rate of 
a hotel also. It is applied to cach room, which is sold for less than 
INR 7,500. So even in a hotel where we have reported an average rate of INR 9,000, if during 
the month of March, because of the Gulf prices, they saw a cancellation of 
a group or an event 
and they replaced it by another group, which came at a mte lower than INR 7,500, On that 
proportionate income, we would have lost the GST input tax credit. 
So this will not be visible from segment performance. Actually, even if you look at our best- 
performing hotel like a Courtyard Fairfield Bangalore, in the month of March, they would have 
ended up selling a few rooms, let's say, it's less than INR 7,500, right? So the impact s of every 
room, which is sold for less than INR 7,500. 
And as the revenue management logic would unfortunately tell you that when you go through a 
period of erisis, you tend to secure market share and volumes and some of that comes at a slightly 
discounted price than you would have otherwise planned for. 
So that's why if you see in the last 6 months, 
the total GST impact ona Y-o-Y basis in the quarter 
3 was about INR 7.5 crotes actually. right? And the same amount expanded to about INR 10 
crores in quarter 4, even then that's not proportionate to the revenue growth we've seen Q-on-Q 
actually, right? So that demonstrates that more rooms were sold at less than INR 7,500. That's 
standard revenue management. 
Page 10 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Moderator: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vikas Ahuja from Antique 
Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Ashish, my first question s regarding this INR 153 million impact because of the West Asia 
disruption. And in our presentation, we have written that inbound FIT cancellation, near Land 
Cruise and MENA. So I mean, is there any residual impact also, which is going info April and 
May? Or this is just purely a one-off and we may not see this recurring in Q17 
So Vikas, we have seen that continue through April. May started secing a solid recovery. Well 
May two things are happening, to be honest. One is last year, base was very poor, Vikas, because 
we had Operation Sindoor in May. Operations Sindoor started around 9th of May or 1st of May. 
So clearly, you inherited a very extremely poor base. 
But even if 
I ignore it, constantly tracking this current quarter over the same quarter in FY25, 
actually, okay? Because comparing it to FY26 is kind of blindsiding ourselves for future. So 
whatever we delivered in FY26, while for management, its very casy to use that as a base to 
look like heroes in FY27, but it clearly doesn't set them for success in the long term, right? 
So when we look at quarter 1 performance, we are actually comparing it to the quarter 1 of FY25, 
because that didn't have an incident like Operation, Sindoor which was actually as severe an 
incident as what we are sceing currently, right? 
But adjusting for all of that, what we've realized is that even long-haul international travel has 
resumed, okay? Even the customers from U.S. have started flying. Don't forget the flying time 
has now increased 
to 20 hours. It clearly impacts the number of people who would like to come 
for a small mecting. But we have clearly seen a very encouraging resumption of business from 
all core markets. 
The oceupancics are not a problem. We're running really strong capacity utilization across the 
group. But as the business rebalances we will give us the convietion to restart repricing. So I 
think as of today, that's why we fecl reasonably confident. Okay, listen, these operators give you 
a calendar year number. We report a fiscal year number. 
Tn a typical year, the ratio fiscal year to calendar year is about 1.04, 1.05, right? So about 4% 
ahead of the calendar year is the fiscal year ending. Last year, that dropped 
to about just barely 
2%. Soit was 1.02, okay? If  ake the numbers that have been delivered from Jan till now, which 
is a very period full of turmoil, to be honest with you. We actually think that the carly double- 
digit growth rates are fairly secured. 
But when I say fairly sccured to be very vigilant and keep monitoring what's happening to the 
current situation. But as of today, we fecl that double-digit revenue growth is not something that 
is at an alarming threat. But the world is volatile, we need to keep watching where we are 
heading. 
That's helpful. So roughly, we should build in a similar kind of impact at around INR 150 million 
for maybe Q1 as well, which will hit the margin. And as you rightly said, FY25 is the base we 
should look at. So Ijust want to clarify on that. So if  look atthe GST impact, which was largely 
Page 11 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Vikas Ahuja: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
for the second half, INR 180 million, if 
I anualize it, it would be roughly INR 300 million for 
the year. 
And if T compare it with FY25 base, so there is a 2.5%, 3% drag. So when we say 38%, which 
is 50 to 70 basis points higher than FY28. So roughly, if 
T exclude that, our margin would have 
improved more than 3 percentage points. Is that the right understanding? 
Absolutely correct. The group level would have been upwards of 40% minus the GST impact. 
Our upscale is already upwards of 42%, 43%. Our ACIC has now moved in line 41%, 42% 
actually, our Holiday Inn Express portfolio has done really well. So you're absolutely right, GST 
has a permanent impact on the margins, and that's why for this year, we're guiding to be 38%. 
The good news, Vikas, cach year, our reported margins will keep going up on a normalized 
basis, because most of our incremental immventory s upscale, where we don't expect to scll many 
rooms for less than INR 7,500, right. So I think structurally, the company will secure its place 
at 40%-plus reported margins. Only given the fact that our incremental investments and openings 
are all upscals, actually and in strong markets. 
I mean, let me be cautious. An upscale in Ahmedabad has the risk of sclling rooms at less than 
INR 7,500. A mid-scale in Hyderabad and Bangalore has lesser risk of being sold at that price. 
So our inventory is opening in upscale and in markets lie Bangalore and Hyderabad, which 
gives us a reasonable security about not selling rooms below that price point. 
Right. And Ashish, is that fair to understand once things normalize, so there would be some 
upward bias on this 9% to 11%. The target we have on income is there because of the GST 
introduction, there should some upward bias there. 
And finally, anything on this NCR where RevPAR declined minus 9%. So is the renovation of 
Hyatt Place is largely over and we should start secing growth coming back there from a RevPAR 
growth coming back from this fiscal year? Thank you. That's my last question and thanks a lot, 
Absolutely. So Hyatt Place, Gurgaon renovation got concluded actually by end of quarter 3, 
right? And if you see, Jan till now we've scen fabulous growth in that asset. So we do expect 
NCR to come back to mid-teens in the current fiscal year. There's no doubt in our minds about 
that because the base was very low. 
Sonotwithstanding what we are seeing as crisis, we're not worried about some of the asscts they 
have taken on interventions because the base was doubly impacted: A, because of the renovation 
and; B, because when they opencd the market was really, really bad. 
So absolutely no need to be concerned about NCR. Hyatt Place Gurgaon is fully renovated and 
open, and it's set to deliver, at least, in our opinion, mid-teen revenue growth, if not more. 
Ashish, we missed on that 9% to 11%, if there is any upward bias towards that because of the 
GST reduction and all? 
Page 12 0f 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Ashish Jakhanwal: 
Moderator: 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
So listen, just look at the last year number Vikas, last year, the total revenue growth in the 
portfolio was about 12%, okay? If I look both at the external environment and internal issue so 
such as renovation at Hyatt Place and ballrooms in the Hyatt Regency and Sheraton, and we've 
spoken about this in the first half, Unfortunately, we all forget in public markets. 
But this year, we had undertaken certain capital investments for product improvement, which 
did impact our revenue run rates, right? FY26 should have casily been a 15%, 16% revenue 
growth for SAMHI okay? If we see the Gulf prices settle down, even if it takes another 3 months 
to settle down, right? I think this year has a fair bit of an upside potential 
But that's the potential, right? Our current plan on EBITDA growth, cash flow gencration, our 
targeted leverage, all of that is dependent on just that 9% to 11% revenue growth. Anything we 
get on top of that, we'll do a couple of things. 
Number one, it will substantially improve our EBITDA growth plus margins. So all of that 
incremental EBITDA will go straight to our frec cash and that, of course, has a snowball effect 
of what that can do to the company. And that's why cvery management, just like every equity 
investor tends to be cautious of the downside, but clearly works hard for the upside. 
And that's why we have articulated our capital allocation plan because we do fecl over the next 
3 to4 years, there's a lot more upside built into our business that allows us to do all the 4 things, 
which is quickly deleverage, clearly continue our capex plan which s not being impacted by 
anything, continue to look for growth opportunitics and last but not the least, has the optionality, 
and I don't want to speak ahead of time, have the optionality to start considering any sort of 
sharcholder return. 
So Ithink there is an upside in the business plan, but we need to be very cautious, especially in 
fimes when bombs are flying around the world really. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the linc of Shrinjana Mittal from MS Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
I have two questions. One s if 
I look at Slide 28, the income bridge that we share, the same- 
store EBITDA shows a negative impact even if 
I look at the ex-GST number. So in this, s this 
drag largely because of that one asset that this margins were structurally lower? If yes, can you 
qualify that further? 
And then a sccond one is, just our understanding is that the incremental flow-through from 
incremental revenu s about 50%-0dd, right? That's generally the case for us. But given the 
GST impact, how should we think about this going forward? 
Yes. So that's a good question. So when you look at Slide 28 and the quarter FY26 same-store, 
you're absolutely right, but the GST has been separated from this. It does include what Rajat 
‘mentioned about the FF&E expense and some of the year-end reconciliation and two, of course, 
the impact of the outdoor catering and group corporate catering business taken at in Hyatt 
Regency, Pune. So both of those things impacted the revenue growth. 
Page 13 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Rajat Mehra: 
Moderator: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
One thing we need to be aware of is that typically, we sec a very significant jump between 
quarter 3 and quarter 4 revenues, historically. And most of them coming actually post 20th 
January until end of March. So we've always scen the first 10, 15 days of January, mirroring the 
last 20 days of December, which is a year indication period. Post 20th Jamuary, we see a very 
strong growth in revenue and typically, hotels arc geared to deal with that. 
And that's the case this time also. And then in that situation you get a sudden loss of income of 
growth and so on and so forth, the ability to control cost is not immediate. So if you sec the same 
thing in April, for instance, you'll see an improved number because the management had a month 
to respond to outsourced labor, fixed contracts and stuff like that. 
So when you hitwith the crisis ina quarter when you're prepared for a significant revenue jump, 
it's sometimes difficult to maintain the flow through the recovery. So what you see is minus 
3.7% s on account of the FF&E expense through the P&L. 
You will sce the impact of year-end reconciliations, factorial costs, all of that and then of course 
some impact from their outdoor catering and corporate catering business that was taken,so, yes, 
that's the combination. Can you repeat your second question, please? 
No, I think that roughly answers. Our second question was just the that flow through that 50% 
flow through, that we do, this is a onc-off thing that is what 
I meant, that 50% flow through what 
we usually expect and that has not changed even after the GST change? 
So we do expect a 55%-plus flow-through. 50% is underwhelming, 60% is where we arc happy. 
We have seen amedian to be around 55% flow through across the business, and that structurally 
has not changed. 
Understood. Very clear. Just one more question. The depreciation number has also increased a 
fair bit sequentially as well. So can you help me understand what has led to that? 
Sce, this is actually on account of onetime revaluation of the balance life of the asscts. So we 
after every 3 years do a reassessment. So whichever assct that we fecl that actually have almost 
lived its life, so we've taken a onetime hit of that, And subsequent to this, I don' think there’s 
going to be any material change in the depreciation numbers that we have been reporting. 
Thank you. We will take the next question ffom the line of Achal Kumar from HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
The first question is about your long-term targets, which you have just spoken about. So 2 things 
here. So one, you have shown the path for FY27, 28, but L just want to understand where do you 
sce in terms of your;with all these assumptions you're put in and the growth you have put in, 
where do you see in terms of your ROCE target in FY31 and your net debt-to-EBITDA? And 
how are you going to fund this INR 2,200 crores of capex over the next 5 years? If you could 
give a bitof 
a color. 
Page 14 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
And obviously, what kind of assumptions do you have in terms of your ARR growth over the 
next 5 years? And when we do you -- how do you sce these hotels to generate the group level 
EBITDA margins. So if you could also give a bit of color on that, please? Thanks. 
Okay. So I think I'l summarize what 3 or 4 questions you've had, One was the expected ROCE. 
Second was net debt-to-EBITDA target. Third was how do we find our capex and fourth was 
the assct level RevPAR growth, right? So let me take the casier question first, and then I'l come 
to the more difficult ones. 
Soin terms of net debt-to-EBITDA, so I think Il repeat. Since we've gone public, there arc only 
2 guidance we have given, one in terms of what we expect the revene growth to be in the long 
term. And I'm kind of proud of the fact that we've held on to our 9% to 11% guidance pretty 
much from the day of IPO till today, and we've scen lots of highs and lots of lows in markets. 
And 1 think what we have learned is that when you give a long-tem guidance, it should remain 
long-temm stable and should factor in the cvents. So we had factored in event and we stay 
absolutely confident of maintaining a 9% to 11% total revenue growth from same-store hotels, 
tight? That's number one. 
Second guidance we have given s the fact that this company is committing to bring the leverage 
to 2.5x net debt-to-EBITDA, right? We are currently at 3x net debt to EBITDA. If we had not 
scen the intemruptions that we saw during the year, these number would have already gone to a 
2 ZIP code right? 
It could have been 2.8, could have been 2.9. But we would have been at 2.8. So typically when 
we guide our investors, we keep a margin of arror. So we were thinking and hoping we'll be at 
2.8x net debt-to-EBITDA at the end of the year. That s to circa 3.0. We are preciscly at 3.07 as 
when we reported our numbrs. 
As of today, we maintain our guidance that the company will stabilize its net debt-to-EBITDA 
at 2.5%. And I think giveus another 12 to 18 months, we should 
be in that ZIP code. Third thing 
is in terms of capex funding, and I think we've articulated that our last year's free cash flow 
production which is nothing but EBITDA minus interest xpense and lease MG is approximately 
INR 300 crores. 
When we looked at the recent interest rate reductions that we've been able to achieve, that 
umber without changing the EBITDA number would have been about INR 310-0dd erores. So 
now there are 3 things which will happen. We are underwriting, Achal, that this INR 310 crores 
is largely seoured. Only this is on the back of 
a really one could say a tough year, right? 
So the INR 310 crores is really available to us for the next 4 to 5 years, because the base is tested 
on a really tough year. The second thing that we are underwriting clearly is that 9% to 11% 
revenue growth, Now when we looked at revemmie growth, EBITDA growth, what could be the 
future value of this company, we are obviously put in a lens of optimism and growth. 
Page 15 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
When we underwrite cash flows and leverage, we put a lens of pessimism. So therefore, what 
we do is we assume no operating leverage, and we pretty much apply the same RevPAR or 
revenue growth to EBITDA growth. 
So if we only get about 9% to 10% EBITDA growth, that will give us an incremental INR 700 
crores of free cash from our existing pool of assets in a S-year period. And then starting FY28, 
when the W opens and then subsequently, we open other hotels. As said from now till FY31 we 
will contribute incremental about INR 400 crores to INR 500 crores of EBITDA. 
Now as we've articulated, we arc not taking incremental debt, and thercfore, the EBITDA from 
those assets have a real flow-through to our free cash. So we have reasonable source and 
visibility of financing for finding that approximately INR 2,200 crores of capex. 
Norw again, to be cautious, we have done 2 things. When we arc considering the revenue and 
EBITDA, we have ignored Navi Mumbai and One Financial District, Hyderabad. We've 
assumed 0 contribution from those because these arc quasi greenficld, and we know what 
happens to greenficld, right? 
But when we are considering the capex, we are assuming these hotels are going as per plan, and 
therefore, we've taken the full capex for this S-year period. So we have built in some margin of 
aror hopefilly, in the way we've laid out our cash flow forccast. So that's the 3 casy questions, 
okay. 
Now let me come to the more difficult question, which is the ROCE part. So if you see our 
current pool of assets are really well geared to get to the targeted 14% to 15% ROCE. We think 
there is very little risk to that. So the current pool of assets we could underwrite to be at 14%, 
15% ROCE. 
Now let's target the new openings. Now the new openings will be a mixed bag, okay. There will 
be hotels like Ingka, there will be hotels like W Hyderabad. These hotels are on variable leases. 
And unlike the frechold assets, they tend to deliv 
very good ROCES early on. 
So if the group level, ROCES in the ZIP code of 14%-15%, the W, Hyderabad opening, let's say, 
in FY28, when that assct gets fully capitalized. First of all, we don't carry the depreciation of the 
building in our books because we leased it, right? 
We expect the ROCE to be not dilutive to where we are targeting the group to be, right? 
Similarly, when we get the delivery ofthe IKEA the Ingka Center hotel, our investment is largely 
in FSME and hard finishes and tobe a strong market. So again, this is an asset which will not be 
very dilutive. 
Third thing, which I think we've not spoken about cnough today is this Martiott in 
Stiperumbudur, Chennai. Now this is not very often that a company can add a whole Marriott 
hotel to s existing portfolio withoutinvesting a rupee on real estate. So the current Fairficld by 
Marriott on that picce of land is at about 30% return on capital employed. 
Page 16 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Moderator: 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
So if you take the total capital cmployed in that asset and the current EBIT, we should be at 
about 28% to 32% return on capital employed. On that picce of land, we arc adding a whole 
130-room Marriott hotel. So as that hotel opens, we expect the ROCE to be extremely high for 
that hotel because there's no underlying real cstate expense. 
So generally, we expect our ROCE profile to be maintained in that mid-teens ZIP code, even 
though we are opening a lot of new hotels and classical wisdom will caution you that new 
openings could be dilutive to your ROCE, but a combination of variable leases and the fact that 
we are on a piece of land that the underlying value of land has already been accounted for, gives 
us a reasonable protection. So I'm sorry I took long to answer this, but 
I think it neded a bit of 
an explanation. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vaibhav Muley from Haitong India 
Securitics. Please go ahead. 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question was, I wanted 
to delve a bit more 
on asset recycling that you mentioned, you want to evaluate more opportunities. I believe you 
have alrcady done assct recycling of north of INR 200 crores. And as per our carlier target, only 
INR 100-0dd crores recycling is to be done. So are you planning to go beyond this INR 300 
crores targeted number in ferms of recycling? 
And in terms of the nature of the reeycling, is it the complete sale of assct like saw in case of 
Abmedabad o Chennai or for our Caspia asset? Or will it be similar to what GIC did of minority 
dilution at asset level? Thats my first question. 
So Vaibhav, first. Ithink assct recycling is a part of our long-term strategy and the driving factor 
behind assct recycling is nothing but ensuring that we deliver a higher return on capital employed 
and higher growth. 
So constantly, the investment committce first and then the Board evaluate that all of our assets 
gear to a, deliver higher ROCE; b, protect ROCE and ¢, continue to deliver camings growth 
from the contribution of the carnings growth from that particular asset, right? 
Two, we are constantly looking at opportunity costs that what is the, for instance, the market 
value of that asset? And what could be our ROCE on the market value? So one thing is the 
ROCE on our book value, which has been depreciated. Second, what is the retum on capital 
employed on the opportunity cost or the underlying market value of that asset? 
And if we feel that the market value is really high. And therefore, on the current income, the 
ROCE wil be really low. But at the same time, we have the ability to acquire a hotel where our 
ROCES will be mid-tecns to high teens, we are often compelled to evaluate that candidate for an 
asset recycling. 
So this is something just as our investment committee and Board needs often in a year to evaluate 
where should we deploy our capital and the same Board mestings we have debates about is our 
current portfolio behaving well? And are there candidates within our portfolio, which would be 
Page 17 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
better recycled than held on the book? So that's really a capital discipline that we carry as a 
byproduet of an institutional investor group, right? 
So therefore, you're absolutely right. We think our target on assct recycling is bigger than our 
residual INR 100 crores. We expect that in the next 2 years, it should be about INR 200 crores, 
INR 250 crores, largely through salc of assets, okay? 
In terms of minority dilution, that is a larger strategic goal and often is done when cither we 
expect to monetize a value created in an asset just as we did in Courtyard, Fairficld, Bangalore, 
where we created tremendous value for our shareholders. And then we kind of, in your language 
public market booked a profit by diluting 35%, and it secures the base for perpetuity cffcctively, 
right? 
That's a more longer-term strategic decision, which I would not like to comment because it will 
be totally speculative, right? But in terms of asset recycling, I can confirm that our current target 
is more than INR 100 crores. 
I would put that number to be in the ZIP code of about INR 200 crores, right, INR 200 crores to 
INR 250 crores, largely in form of single assets, where we think our money should 
be redeployed 
in more high-growth opportunities. Vaibhar, I hope I've answered your question. 
Yes, sir, clear. Just a quick follow-up on this, actually. Isn't there a risk to invest the money that 
you generate from the sale of asscts into a newer venture? Is there a significant delta that you 
can capture in terms of ROCE to take that risk, lets say, if your existing assctis delivering 12%, 
13% ROCE. And if you are generating 15% ROCE in a new venture, with the risk that it may 
or may ot be successful. Isn' there a trade-off 
in terms of taking that risk? 
So Vaibhav, I'l give you some of the examples. So last year, for instance, we sold Caspia Delhi. 
And we sold Caspia Delhi for a consideration of INR 63 crores. And well, on that day, the 
EBITDA contiibution was just about INR 1.5 crores, INR 2 crores. But even if we had fully 
renovated, rebranded, capitalized on the current value of that asset, we would have not solved 
for high ROCES for that assct, right? 
Interestingly, what are we doing with that capital? With that the capital we arc using to do 
something like a W Hyderabad, for instance, just to give you an example, right? Money is 
fungible, so hard to say it went from A pocket to a B pocket, but the same money, which was 
delivering INR 1.5 crores, INR 2 crores of EBITDA against a INR 60 crores value, it's 
guaranteed 
to deliver you a double-digit ROCE in an asset like W Hyderabad. 
I'm using a word that I nomally hesitate to which is guaranteed, but I'n using that word because 
the margin of error is very, very large in that assct, right? So I can be a slight bullish on that. So 
you're absolutely right. Asset recycling needs to come with a very, very large margin of safety 
and unless that margin of safety is not there, you're absolutely right, Vaibhar, it is not worth 
considering assct recycle. 
Page 18 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS— 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
So all of our asset recycling have carricd that significant margin of safety. So even if your new 
deployment goes wrong on your underwriting, you would still outperform your existing assets, 
and that's the basic thesis. 
Parfectly understand, sir. Second question typically on Bangalore market. Bangalore market is 
expected to see good pickup in terms of the upeoming supply, especially into upscale, upper 
upscale markets, where our majority our portfolio lies. Again, another competitor of yours 
actually yesterday announced that they arc planning to sct up a Westin brand in Bangalore with 
Marriott. 
So is there a risk that you see for a Bangalore market, especially given the market has run up 
quite a lot. And over the last couple of quarters, we have started to sceing oceupancy taking a 
hit, though ADRs are still sustaining at higher levels. So longer term, is there a saturation risk 
for Bangalore? 
So Vaibhav this question needs to be answered at the market level, okay? If you look at our 
presence in Bangalore is Outer Ring Road, and clearly, we are secing new hotels open through 
this year in Outer Ring Road in Bangalore. And we have, thercfore, in our own underwriting 
when you give a guidance 9% to 11% for the group level 
In that asset, we've kind of moderated our cxpansion on growth, given the fact we have a large 
opening over the next 12 months in Outer Ring Road. Our second investment is in Whiteficld, 
which is where we have the Tribute and the Westin. And I think more -- Westin has absorbed a 
lot of supply over the last decade and now is coming to that tum where the new supply is not 
material over the cxisting base. 
So supply growth percentage is not sitting in Whiteficld, Bangalore. The new supply in 
Bangalore is concentrated between aitport and Hebbal, okay, which is really where the land is 
available, new office growth is happening. We have zero presence in that precinct. 
So if you were to take the list of future supply in Bangalore, and I don't want to put a number to 
it because I don't have the data. But more than half 
of that future supply is concentrated in that 
25-kilometer corridor starts at the Bangalore Intemational Airport and would end at Hebbal, 
which is where you have the Manyata Tech Park and all. 
So I think it's a business of micro market. Its not a business where supply and demand could be 
evaluated at a city level, to be honest with you. And the same thing will apply to Hyderabad 
also, Vaibhav. If you look at Hyderabad, there's a lot of announcements of new supply. But a lot 
of those announcements are ot in the precinct to the micro market where we have a current 
inventory or proposed inventory. 
So all of this needs to be evaluated at a micro market level, that's one. Second, is Bangalore as 
amarket today is a total inventory of about 17,000 rooms, 18,000 rooms, right. Bangalore needs 
to add 1,000 rooms more every year for it to be growing at 5% a year, right? And if supply is 
growing at 5%, which doesn't seem the case by the way in Bangalore, which means 1,000 rooms 
ayear every year for the next 5 years, right? 
Page 19 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
‘Vaibhav Muley: 
Moderator: 
Prashant Biyani: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
So the supply CAGR in Bangalore, maybe in the ZIP code 5%, 5.5%, we need to make sure that 
demand continues to grow ahead of that, right, which obviously is a factor of GDP growth rate, 
growth of office, airlines, ancillary business, so on and so forth. 
1 think the demand environment, the current supply base, the percentage supply growth in Tier 
1 market s not a threat. But again, Lwill completely agtee with you, We need to be cautious and 
evaluated it at a micro market level. 
Understand, sir. Can 
[ squeeze in last bookkeeping question, if 
I may? 
Sure, please. 
Just on 
W Hyderabad, you have said opening will be in'27. Can you specify the quarter in which 
it will be opening? And related to that, Hyatt Regency, Pun has been in preopening for last 
quarter as well. Any particular reason that we are still mentioning the status as preopening on 
that? 
These are 22 apartments, which are ready and waiting for the final approvals, Vaibhar, right? 
So these are, sorry, this s not a hotel. The hotel is operating completely. These are 22 new 
apartments, We have completed, but we are waiting for the final regulatory approvals. That's 
why unless we don't get that, it will unfortunately be seen as preopening. 
Okay. And on the revenue growth that you mentioned, 9% to 11%, we had mentioned the same- 
store revenue growth... 
Sorry to interrupt, Vaibhav. I would request you to please rejoin to queue again for more 
questions. Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahcad. 
Sir, I had a follow-up question on the capital recycling that you answered to previous 
participants. So you arc recycling hotels which arc struggling? And if the ROCE based on the 
market value of any of your hotels is less than what you desire because of increase in the market 
value of the hotel, then you're willing to recycle that capital also if the understanding is right. 
Then in a way, sir, you are trying to operate a hotel, which has kind of mediocre ROCE, looking 
o scale it up and offload it. In that case, sir, aren't we kind of digressing our business model 
o 
trading of hotels also and ot just running the hotels? 
No, Prashant. I don't think we are trading hotels. In the last 3 years, we have sold 3 hotels or 4 
hotels, right? Number two, let me clarify, the hotcls that we scll often are non-core hotels. We 
often have bought portfolios and when you buy a portfolio, 
you get hotels. Otherwise, on a stand- 
alone basis, you would have not bought. 
And therefore, they better be recycled and that money deployed in markets and assets that you 
are core to you. So I'll give you an example, Caspia Delki in North Delhi. Tknow it looks like a 
Delhi ZIP code, but non-Delki business is very different to the business we arc used to operating 
in. 
Page 20 of 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Prashant Biyani: 
Moderator: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
So I would want to clarify that it is not trading of hotels really. Our job is to build a very large 
portfolio of operating hotels. But if you look to any large income-producing hard assct business 
elobally, right? The way to protect sharcholder value in the long-term is to ask yourself hard 
questions, right? About is asset creating future value? 
Now, ot every year, you'll get an answer that 
2 hotels are not. But every 2, 3 years, you will 
clearly getan asset or two where you feel that you're better of disposing of the assct to redeploy 
that in a higher return segment. So it's not active trading, but it is a tradition that we evaluate the 
value of each hotel. 
We make sure that the hotels we own are geared to provide long-term value creation for our 
sharcholders. And if there s friction to that, I think its a fiduciary responsibility to make sure 
that we do the right things to redeploy that capital. 
But it does not make it as a trading of hotel and the percentage of that remains to be miniscule. 
The impact, by the way, could be substantial, but the actual monetization program ifsclf is a 
miniscule of what the value that we carry. So just to clarify that. 
Sosir, hotels which are struggling, we recycling that capital is understandable. But if the market 
value of any, I mean, the property prices of any micro market increases and based on the market 
price, we are not able to supposedly, the ROCE profile is not as per what we are targeting. 
In that case, sir, I mean, that is a bit confusing. I mean, in that case, I would be a bit confused. 
If you are going to sell off your marquee hotels also may not be so frequently, but 
I mean, that 
sort of creates... 
Prashant, I used the word non-core hotels, even in the presentation if you sce we have use of our 
non-core hotels. So we are not going to sell a Courtyard Bangalore or a Sheraton Hyderabad, 
Hyatt Regency, Pune, right? I think this s about some of the smaller hotels that we acquired 
sometimes as a part of our portfolio acquisitions. 
So I don't think anybody needs to be worried about us tomorrow saying, "Oh, the value of 
Courtyard Bangalore has become INR 3,000 crores in the market, and thercfore, our EBITDA 
is only INR 100 crores, should we sell it, right?" 
So if you see the Slide mmber 10, we have used the word our non-core hotel sold, right? So it 
will always be applied to non-core hotels where their EBITDA contribution is negligible, their 
future EBITDA contribution to the group is cven less than negligible. 
So you don't see the needle moving in terms of revenue growth, EBITDA growth, absolute 
revenue, absolute EBITDA, because these are non-core hotels, which are not material 
contribution to the portfolio. 
Thank you, We will take the next question from the line of Karan Kamdar from Choice 
Institutional Equity. Please go ahead. 
Page 21 of 23

SAMHI 
ik 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS = 
Karan Kamdar 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Karan Kamdar 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
Sir, so GIC, I belicve, has committed around INR 750-0dd crores and we have received about 
INR 550 crores. And there's some conditions precedent which are pending. Could you sort of 
clucidate on what are we expecting? And when are we xpecting the rest of the money? 
We've received INR 600 crores so far. The balance investment is INR 150 crores. That could 
come over the next two year period because that's coming in line with the capex spending on the 
‘Westin - Tribute Bangalore. 
Got It. Got it, sir. And are we expecting further such investments in a subsidiary platform? Or 
are we only expecting sales of entire asscts? 
No. So we, as I said mentioned earlier, in the short-term, we've identified a few of hotels, which 
tofal value should be about INR 200-0dd crores. So clearly, these are small hotels. At a 
subsidiary level, there is no plan as of date. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Viraj Mahadevia from MoneyGrow 
India. Please go ahead. 
Ashish, a big congratulations to you and the team on doing a fantastic job of managing the ship. 
Just a very quick question. Given your performance and ramps in carnings trading at a massive 
discount to sector, and maybe that's partly because of the leverage on the books and the fact that 
we've just become profitable 2 years ago. 
Given the - where the stock is trading, and I understand the growth and deleveraging our 
priorities, but would it make sense for management to consider carving out a small amount of 
capital for buybacks on a sustained basis? 
So Viraj, okay. So Viraj, I11 address it into 3 things. Number one, multiples are decided by all 
of you, EBITDA is decided by us. We arc fairly confident that notwithstanding the multiples, 
this company s a compounding machine when it comes to growth of revenue, EBITDA and 
cash flow and that itself will create phenomenal sharcholder value, okay? 
Number two, your question about would achicve stock attract us towards looking at things like 
buybacks? And 
I would take everybody to that slide number, just a second, I think Slide number 
16. And this is an evolving discussion at a Board level. Notwithstanding the share price or the 
discount Viraj, we are under a fiduciary obligation to create sharcholder value and allocate 
capital 
And I think our waterfall has already been stated on Slide number 16. And the waterfall states 
that the first commitment that we have is to maintaining a strong balance sheet because that 
preserves all of our wealthViraj, you have to mute yourself 
So first s the deleveraging, 2. 5x net debt-to-EBITDA. And the reason we are comfortable with 
2.5x because a, all of our deb is cirea around 12 years. We have very little principal repayment 
for the first 3 to 5 years. Our financing cost is now down to almost 7.9%. So when you have the 
ability to camry such high-quality long-term debt with no repayment pressure, 2.5x cleatly is a 
very acerctive position to create sharcholder value. 
Page 22 0f 23

SAMHI 
AT 
HOTEL INVESTMENTS 
Moderator: 
Ashish Jakhanwala: 
Moderator: 
= 
SAMHI Hotels Limited 
May 22, 2026 
So I just wanted to articulate why 2.5x net debt-to-EBITDA and why not lower? Sccond is, 
clearly, we need to make sure that the company has not just adequate, but slightly more than 
adequate capex to fund its growth because when you're developing hotels, there's always a risk, 
as T have scen Karan articulated about cost overruns, inflation and so on and so forth. So the 
company needs to create reasonable buffer for no swpriss. 
Third s we continue to feel that India provides tremendous growth opportunities, in terms of 
continue to look at leases, so on and so forth. Having said that, we've become very cfficient. If 
you sce last year, all of our deals were leaschold or asset-light and RARE. And thercfore, we 
have moved more rapidly than we would have imagined ourselves to be in a more capital 
cfficient growth model, right? 
And after all of that, if there is surplus capital, we have already committed that the Board will 
consider a disciplined mechanism to return capital directly to the shareholders' side. So you're 
absolutely right. Any good company globally will have a capital allocation discipline. We have 
tried to set that discipline on Slide number 16. 
It is going to be a continued discussion at a Board investment committee level. But I think the 
discipline will decide what we do in future. But you're absolutely right. I think we will - to 
making sure that we do everything in our means without disturbing long-term prospects for the 
company, but yet create sharcholder value. 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as our last 
question for today. Inow hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Thank you so much for a very engaging conversation. As Id mentioned carlier, FY26 was 12% 
revenue growth, while some may say it's good, some may say bad. From our perspective, we are 
excited because in spite of severe interruption, the company and the scctor largely held on to a 
long-stated conviction that the demand/supply is in our favor. 
1 think as we start seeing normalization of many disruptions we've seen during the past 1 year, 
the upside continues to be ahead of what we have delivered so far in the past. And that upside 
obviously gocs straight towards bottom line and allows us to have a lot of flexibility to grow the 
SAMHI and also shareholder valuc. Thank you so much for all of your confidence and 
participation, and we look forward to speaking to you soon. Have a good day. 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of SAMHI Hotels Limited, we conclude 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconneet your lines. Thank 
you. 
Page 23 0f 23
