 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 21st May, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 15th May, 2026 
 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 29th April, 2026 
 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 15th May, 2026. 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
MANISHA 
SARAF
Digitally signed by 
MANISHA SARAF 
Date: 2026.05.21 
15:18:59 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. G. KRISHNAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
 
MS. ISHA LAMBA – HEAD, CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
AND INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have with us today Mr. Pranav Amin, Managing Director; Mr. 
G. Krishnan, CFO; Mr. Ajay Kumar Desai, Senior Vice President, 
Finance; and Ms. Isha Lamba, General Manager, Corporate 
Development and Investor Relations. As a reminder, this 
conference call is only for analysts and institutional investors. 
 
As a reminder, this conference call is only for analysts and 
institutional investors. All participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pranav Amin, Managing 
Director. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us 
at the Alembic Pharmaceuticals Q4 and FY '26 Investor Call. I'm 
joined with Mr. Krishnan, the CFO, as well as members of the 
management team. 
 
I will begin with a brief perspective on the environment, 
performance across our businesses and strategic actions and a 
directional view for FY '27. And then Krishnan will take you 
through the financial performance for the quarter and the full year 
ahead. 
 
The external environment continues to remain dynamic across 
the markets, pricing pressure, competitive intensity, regulatory 
expectation and supply chain volatility, continue to shape the 
performance. In this backdrop, outcomes are being driven less by 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
market tailwinds and more by execution, quality, portfolio choices, 
cost discipline and capital allocation. 
 
Our approach through the financial year has remained anchored 
on 4 clear priorities, which is maintaining our gross margin, 
protecting the core business, improving operating leverage, and 
investing selectively in future growth platforms, while sharpening 
operation excellence across all the businesses. 
 
So while FY '26 included strategic investments and quarters and 
some quarter-specific impacts, the broader direction remains 
clear. We are working to build a stronger and more execution-led 
platform for the medium term. 
 
Starting with the India business. The business delivered 4% year-
on-year growth. The quarter was supported by price-led growth 
and new launches. While within the portfolio, Specialty Therapies 
and animal healthcare continued to perform relatively better. 
 
Specialty growth was supported by Gynecology, Gastrology and 
Ophthalmology, while animal healthcare grew strongly and 
remained an important growth driver. Focus brands also 
continued to grow ahead of the broader portfolio, which is 
important from a quality of growth standpoint. 
 
The Indore facility is fully operational. Capacity utilization is 
improving, and this gives us a better base for supply reliability, 
logistics, operating efficiency and future scaling. We also 
continued the portfolio refresh with new product launches during 
the quarter, and that should support better growth quality moving 
forward. 
 
For the full year, India business delivered a growth of 5%. 
Operationally in the India business on a firmer footing, and we 
continue to strengthen the field operations and productivity 
metrics, focused governance to drive performance. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
The Q4 international business growth remained positive with U.S. 
showing growth led by volumes and new launches. The  ex U.S. 
markets also continued doing well and grew 20% for the year, 
whilst the quarter was muted, but the full year grew 20%. The 
quarterly performance of ex U.S. is mainly muted due to a higher 
base and one-off variances. We're confident of continuing this 
growth in the ensuing quarters. 
 
We continue to build the pipeline and launch platform. During the 
quarter, we had 6 new launches in the U.S. further ANDA filings 
and approvals and progress on partnership-led opportunities. Our 
new facilities are getting better utilized, and we foresee much 
greater volumes coming out of these facilities in the current year. 
 
The broader international business remains a key growth engine. 
But the business will require sharper product selection, 
disciplined launch and tighter control. On a yearly basis,  we are 
pretty happy with the operational outcomes and the way the 
business has panned out, and I'm confident that moving forward 
this year will show some of these results. 
 
The API business delivered a modest growth in Q4, driven 
primarily by volumes, while pricing remained a headwind. This is 
consistent with the broader market environment we have 
discussed in earlier calls as well. Our response continues to be 
on 
cost 
improvement, 
portfolio 
choices 
and 
capturing 
opportunities, where our development and manufacturing 
strengths provide a better economic profile. 
 
At a broader level, we are consciously moving towards a more 
execution-led strategic model. This means higher focus on quality 
of portfolio and launches with asset utilization, stronger cost and 
working capital discipline and selective investments in platforms. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
One part of the strategic pivot is our U.S. branded business 
approach. We view this as calibrated strategic entry with a 
focused go-to-market model and measured investment. The 
objective is not rapid scale, but to build a credible and sustainable 
specialty platform over a period of time. While  there may be a 
short-term impact on profitability, which should get offset from 
improved operating leverage in the core business. 
 
In terms of the FY '27 directional outlook, we are planning a 
pragmatic view of the external environment. We are not assuming 
any major easing in pricing pressure, competition or supply chain 
volatility. At the same time, we do see room for performance 
through internal levers. On the international business, we expect 
product launches to be phased through the year with a few 
meaningful day 1 launches in the first couple of quarters and 
better volumes in the existing portfolio. 
 
We also expect the U.S. branded business to scale up, supported 
by selective product additions to strengthen the franchise. New 
product additions, deeper collaborations and expansion into new 
territories across Europe and Asia will also support the ex U.S. 
markets. 
 
We expect the India business to improve and growth momentum 
and hope to be closer to market growth with a renewed approach 
to strengthen focused brands.  
The international generic business are also likely to grow at a 
decent amount by low to mid-teen range and the API business to 
grow in the high single or low double-digit growth. This will 
translate into an overall top line consolidated growth to be in the 
low double-digit range . 
 
R&D investments are likely to be around INR750 crores to 
INR800 crores as we calibrate our portfolio and structurally move 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
towards higher value opportunities, focusing on NCE-1, First-to-
File and Day 1 molecules.  
While being cautious in global geopolitics and related 
developments, the focus will be not only on growth, but on the 
quality of growth, better capacity utilization, focused cost savings, 
working capital and investing in a differentiated product portfolio. 
 
With that, let me hand over to Krishnan, who will take you through 
the financial performance for the quarter and full year. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you, Pranav. Good evening, everyone. Let me take you 
through the financial performance for quarter 4 and then the full 
year of 2026, and give you all some flavor of FY '27 as well. 
 
For the quarter, revenue from operations stood at INR1,838 
crores, up by 4% year-on-year. The quarter reflected a resilient 
performance in the top line, supported by new launches in the 
U.S., volume-led growth in API and Animal Health, partly offset 
by pricing pressure in certain segments. 
 
On the operating front, EBITDA before R&D stood at INR455 
crores, up by about 8% year-on-year with core margins at almost 
at 25% compared to 24% in the previous year, same quarter. This 
reflects better business mix with slightly better gross margins at 
71%, but staying in the previously mentioned range of about 70% 
to 75%. 
 
The EBITDA is after net operating expenses of the U.S. branded 
business, which started operations in quarter 4. Going forward, 
we continue to expect the operating leverage improvement to 
offset the new -- offset the launch phase margin impact of the U.S. 
branded business. 
 
R&D spending for the quarter was at INR209 crores compared 
with INR151 crores in the same quarter last year, representing 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
11% of revenue versus 9% last year. The increase was driven by 
peptide-related development activities that we did during the 
quarter and higher filings in U.S. and ex U.S. markets compared 
to the previous year. This we believe will help us position for 
growth in the subsequent periods. 
 
At the profit level, the reported profit after tax for the quarter stood 
at INR203 crores. The quarter included an exceptional item of 
INR24 crores as well as onetime tax adjustments of INR101 
crores, which is a positive impact relating to MAT Credit and tax 
regime related adjustments. 
 
From a balance sheet perspective, net working capital stood at -- 
almost close to INR3,000 crores, an increase of about INR50 
crores versus the December levels, mainly driven by receivables 
that are not at due. Gross debt was at INR1,361 crores broadly in 
line with the December levels. For the full year, revenue grew by 
about 
10% 
year-on-year, 
supported 
by 
growth 
across 
businesses, while absorbing a higher level of investment in R&D 
and strategic growth initiatives. 
 
For FY '26, EBITDA before R&D and exceptional items stood at 
INR1,846 crores, representing 25% of revenue and a 20% year-
on-year growth. This reflects growth in the business with better 
operating leverage across facilities. EBITDA after R&D was at 
17% of revenue. Profit before tax and before exceptional items 
grew at 10%, broadly reflecting the revenue growth that we had 
during the year. Reported profit after tax grew at 16% to INR675 
crores. 
 
Overall, FY '26 was a year of steady core operating delivery 
alongside higher investment in the pipeline and future growth 
platforms. While some of these investments have a near-term 
impact on reported profitability, they are very well aligned to 
improving medium-term growth quality and strategic positioning. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
As Pranav mentioned earlier, our current view for FY '27 is 
directional and based on current visibility. At a consolidated level, 
we are targeting a low double-digit growth, top line growth. 
Alongside  growth, our focus will remain on margin protection, 
working capital management and capital efficient execution. We 
expect margin improvement from core business to give enough 
headroom to support the launch phase of U.S. branded business. 
 
With the launch of Pivya, we expect the branded business 
franchise to scale up to a meaningful revenue profile in the next 
few quarters.  
We expect capital expenditure for the year to be in the range of 
INR300 crores to INR350 crores, primarily towards capacity, 
debottlenecking and replacement capex. In summary, FY '26 
reinforced resilience, while FY '27, we believe, is focused on 
maintaining the momentum and winning through execution. 
 
With that, we can now open the floor for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. Your first question comes from the line of Jahnvi Mishra 
from Green Portfolio Private Limited. 
Jahnvi Mishra: 
Sir, actually, I would like to ask about the F2 and F3 facilities that 
remain underutilized, pending FDA approvals. Like could you tell 
us roughly how much cost these facilities are adding to the P&L 
every year without corresponding revenue? And at what point, 
whether through our own product approval or the contract 
manufacturing deals that we have signed, do these facilities start 
covering their own cost? And what is our internal time line for 
that? 
Pranav Amin: 
We don't give facility-wise breakup, but I can just give you a flavor 
of what's happening. Both F2 and F3 are working at a much 
higher occupancy level than they used to. We're seeing more 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
meaningful contribution from these. If you see F3 has multiple 
lines, and  the ophthalmic line is already chock-a-block. 
 
In fact, we're doing an expansion of the ophthalmic line, because 
it's already at full capacity in terms of the other 2 lines. And 
actually, those are also about 40% and 60% capacity utilization 
for both. 
 
In terms of F2, the injectable line and OSD, they are both working 
at a decent amount. We have a few limited competition 
opportunities coming, which is what is going to enable them and 
use these facilities. So  the unabsorbed OSD of both these is not 
as much of an issue for us. 
 
They may be -- it's too small a drag in the whole scheme of things. 
But it's more important for us to keep some headway in these 
facilities as we have some important day 1 launches coming from 
these facilities as well as we're seeing a lot of opportunities for 
product launches in the next couple of quarters. 
Jahnvi Mishra: 
Okay, sir. And sir, of the contract manufacturing deals that are 
already signed for F2, F3, like are any of them expected to 
generate meaningful revenue in '27 itself? Or like is it more of a 
FY '28 story? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, it's already started. Some of the licensing and some of the 
contract manufacturing is in progress. So we'll see part 
contribution from that in FY '27 itself. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Rahul Jeewani from 
IIFL. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sir, can you call out what kind of an impact you saw in the quarter 
from the investment into the U.S. Specialty business? So, is there 
any drag sitting on the current quarter's margins, because of 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Pivya? And how do you see that going forward as well into FY 
'27? So that's my first question. 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes. Yes. Thanks, Rahul. Yes there was a drag in the quarter due 
to the Alembic Therapeutics business, which is a sub that has 
launched the Pivya product.  I'll give a direction and Krishnan will 
give you further details.  
 
There was a drag on the business because of that. The product 
just got launched in February. So we have taken up some of the 
costs.  I expect another quarter or two of the drag coming,  by the 
end of the year, we should start seeing a decent contribution. And   
last quarter is when we see it starting to turn around. 
 
It's an interesting area. The only thing it's branded. So it does take 
more time to get the doctor habits to change. So we're quite 
confident. The initial trend is quite healthy. So  there will be a drag 
for another quarter or two. Krishnan, do you want to? 
G. Krishnan: 
Yes. So on the specific drag, I don't want to put a number to this, 
then it becomes a continuous discussion on what's the product 
level margins that we're going to disclose. Directionally, if you see 
for the full year, we have been able to maintain the margins. For 
the quarter, there is a bit of drag coming in from the higher R&D 
spend as well.  
 
So,   from a modeling point of view, I would take about 100 to 150 
basis points of impact coming from Pivya, from the branded 
business in U.S. And we believe that the margin trajectory for FY 
'27, the core EBITDA margins that comes from the generic 
formulations and API business should be more than sufficient to 
offset this impact. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And sir, on R&D, this quarter, we saw an increase. You 
said that the increase was on account of peptide development. 
But can you talk about in terms of how do you measure the R&D 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
productivity, particularly for the U.S. business? And -- why I say 
so is because when we were benefiting from Sartan opportunity 
in the U.S., at that point in time, our annual R&D spend was 
around INR650 crores, which we had moderated over last couple 
of years to, let's say, closer to INR550 crores kind of an annual 
number. 
 
Now for next year as well, we are again guiding for increase in 
R&D spend to INR750 crores to INR800 crores. So just in terms 
of how do you measure productivity of this R&D investment, 
because the high R&D investments are, in fact, dragging your 
reported EBITDA margin? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, Rahul, good question, actually. So a few things. So first of 
all, the Q4 was a little bit of an outlier at 11% of sales is a little 
higher than we would have liked to be. You're right. Historically, 
we have gone up to about 14%, 15% of revenue as R&D spend,  
we have tapered it down last couple of years. 
 
The quality of the filings that we're doing is also going up, which 
has caused some higher spend. But moving forward for the year, 
I don't expect it to be at 11%. It will come back down to about 9% 
again. And on an absolute amount, we'll be at that INR750-odd 
crores level. 
 
The reason why this last quarter was a little higher is because we 
have a few selective complex and peptide developments, which 
were a little more expensive. That's what created a bump. But  in 
terms of how we measure it,  we generally have an IRR for each 
of our R&D projects. That's what we base our calculations on and 
what  makes sense.  
 
As it's getting more competitive, development cost is also getting 
more expensive. So the threshold IRR has come down, but we 
still see some opportunities, and that's how we're measuring. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
We're measuring it by opportunity-to-opportunity. The only way 
we can grow is that we do have products in the market. And 
hence, we will not go up to the 15% levels, but  it's 8% to 9% of 
revenues where we'll be at. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And you said you measure R&D productivity through 
IRR. So, let's say, over FY '22, '23 or '24, the R&D spend, which 
we would have done at that point in time, what kind of an IRR 
would those spends would be generating as of now, if you can 
share some numbers? 
Pranav Amin: 
So, Rahul, it's a little tough to say, because  what's happening is 
a lot of the filings that happened there, especially from the new 
facilities, let's say, the Peptides and everything, they're all late 
expiry. The whole point of the Peptides facility was that it's -- we 
are locking in some of the day 1. 
 
 You will see one of them, 1 launch happening in the end of this 
quarter. So, it's still tough to put it all together.  As I mentioned, 
the returns came down compared to the returns that we were 
seeing pre-2020.  That's one of the reasons why we tapered down 
some of the R&D costs as well. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. And last question from my end before I join back the 
queue. You talked about FY '27 guidance from a top line growth 
perspective. Can you provide some color in terms of EBITDA 
margins as well, given that we will have the drag of Pivya this 
year, while on the base business, F2, F3 we'll see an improving 
utilization by the end of the year. So do you think you can improve 
margins over FY '26 levels? Or we should be baking in flat 
margins versus... 
Pranav Amin: 
It's a good question, Rahul.  The way I see the business is that 
the Pivya drag, as I mentioned, by the end of the year it will not 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
be a drag anymore. And for the rest of it will be covered up by the 
core business and the business growth that we're seeing. 
 
We have a few interesting opportunities in the U.S. I expect the 
U.S. business to grow between 10% to 15% at least. The ROW 
will continue the growth at 15-plus percent. API will be closer to 
the 10% growth. And India, we hope with some changes, we will 
get to market growth.  
 
So with all this, we'll have a high contribution. In terms of capex 
also we don't have too much this year. We will see -- definitely 
see an improvement in the margins this year. As I mentioned, at 
some point, we would go back up to the 20% kind of EBITDA 
margins over a 2, 3 year period. And I expect that this year, it's 
going to be a good year that we will start seeing improvement in 
the margins as well. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure, sir. Are we quantifying any number for FY '27? 
Pranav Amin: 
No, no, I'm not giving any guidance. Let's see how the first couple 
of quarters go and then we'll get an idea. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Tushar Manudhane from 
Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on your U.S. guidance of 10% to 15% is INR terms, 
right? So 5%, 6% depreciation is what is -- currency depreciation 
is what is baked in. So effectively 7%, 8% growth in constant 
currency terms. Is that the way to think about? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes.  again, it's not a guidance, but just the way I see the business 
right now, we'll definitely have growth in the market. Yes, that's 
one way of looking at it. I'm saying, yes, in terms of INR terms, I 
mentioned 10% to 15%. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And sir, on peptide side, like what kind of investment we 
are envisaging in terms of R&D and in terms of capex separately? 
Pranav Amin: 
So capex is all done. We've already completed the capex of the 
peptides. This was a filing that had to happen, some of the 
batches and it's important, it's a big filing. So hence, we had some 
costs related to that. Moving forward, we will not have as many 
such costs,  as and when a product comes into development. But 
this was an outlier because the batches were conducted, and 
there was an NCE-1, 5. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So how many filings are we sort of thinking on peptide? 
Maybe over next 12 months? 
Pranav Amin: 
We've got a couple. The portfolio is about 5 to 6 that we had.  Two 
of them are filed already and the rest are going on. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And sorry for my ignorance, but how much capex you have 
already done for peptide? 
Pranav Amin: 
We haven't given a disclosure because it's a part of an already 
ongoing and existing API facility and that's why we've done the 
peptide API investment. In terms of the formulation, it gets taken 
care of by our regular formulation capacity that we have. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Okay. So this is not a dedicated capex for peptide 
business? 
Pranav Amin: 
No. It is part of a facility I mean, an ongoing facility where we've 
fine-tuned on block. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, on the API side at a portfolio level, have we seen like 
sort of price increases given the crude-linked derivatives, so to 
say, solvents have seen sharp increase in prices. So 
subsequently, have you seen API prices moving up for us? API 
prices still do... 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Pranav Amin: 
Good question, Tushar. So I'll just give you a background.  Just 
as you said, I'll give you background about our API business. Our 
API business, we generally -- it's a pretty high-margin business 
and a pretty high -- it's quite a profitable business for us. Because 
one of the reasons is we do sell APIs at a much higher price.  We 
don't compete at the bottom level whether -- for lack of a better -- 
whether Chinese or the are dropping prices. So we do have 
premium prices on the markets. That's one.  
 
And our business values the compliance and the supply chain 
resilience, right? So we have good prices on the API side in the 
market. Secondly, in terms of -- are we seeing increase in some 
solvents? Yes, we're seeing it. Have we passed it on? No, it's still 
not a materially big issue for us. As you know, we generally do 
carry a higher bit of inventory, and that's helped us out right now. 
We're okay we're utilizing the inventory. We do have higher 
prices. So that's not as much of a concern for us at this stage. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Understood. So probably considering the current inventory 
is at least for next year? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes.  It's not impacting any margins for us. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And as far as branded business, so post launch, of course, 
it's too shorter time period. But any sort of either in terms of 
increasing prescription or any color you would like to... 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, I don't have any data that I can share with all of you, but I 
can just say it's just been only February end right that we 
launched. So it's only been a couple of months. And  this is where 
we're visiting the doctors, we've started off with a smaller field 
force, reaching out to doctors only in high prescription territory for 
UTIs. So we're seeing a good trend. We're seeing good feedback.  
it will be another quarter or two until we are more comfortable 
giving out more metrics on this. 

 
 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And lastly, just on a broader question, sir, like in terms of 
capital allocation, like the peptide is one area where you've done 
reasonable investment over the last 1 to 2 years. Now this 
branded business is there. So, likewise, any other areas where 
the capital allocation would happen in, let's say, FY '27, '28? Or 
these are the key areas to focus on? 
Pranav Amin: 
 So  what's going to happen is in terms of capital allocation, if you 
see in terms of capex, we are broadly done with all our capex, 
even the branded business, it doesn't entail any capex. The only 
investment was in-licensing of the product. So on the branded 
side, we will in-license few more products. We're seeing some 
opportunities that we can build into Alembic Therapeutics to grow 
the branded business. So that is one part. 
 
Second is the R&D investments will continue, though is in a 
measured manner to see where it happens. And that's it,  these 
are the 2 broad areas and complex products is where still -- 
basically it will be R&D and the branded business. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. G. Krishnan for closing comments. 
G. Krishnan: 
Thank you for joining us on the quarter 4 and full year conference 
call. If you have got any follow-up questions, please reach out to 
the Investor Relations team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Alembic 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you, every one, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
