 
Website: www.tvsmotor.com Email: contactus@tvsmotor.com CIN: L35921TN1992PLC022845 
 
 
19th May 2026 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip code: 532343 
NCRPS Scrip code: 717506  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051. 
Scrip code: TVSMOTOR 
NCRPS Scrip code: TVSMNCRPS 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam, 
 
Reg 
: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our intimations dated 6th May 2026 and 13th May 2026 with respect to the 
schedule of a conference call with 360 ONE Capital Market Private Limited (Formerly Batlivala & 
Karani Securities India Pvt Ltd) post results for the quarter ended 31st March 2026 and intimation 
on the audio recording, respectively, we wish to inform that the transcript of the said recording 
is enclosed and the same has been hosted on the website of the Company and is available at: 
https://www.tvsmotor.com/en/Investors/Communication  
 
We also enclose the said transcript for your reference. 
Kindly acknowledge the receipt. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
 
K S Srinivasan 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.:a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KELLIYA SUBRAMANIAN 
SRINIVASAN
Digitally signed by KELLIYA 
SUBRAMANIAN SRINIVASAN 
Date: 2026.05.19 18:52:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“TVS Motor Company Limited 
4Q FY '26 Post Results Earnings Conference Call” 
May 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. K.N. RADHAKRISHNAN – DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY 
LIMITED 
 
MR. K. GOPALA DESIKAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TVS MOTOR COMPANY LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – 360 ONE CAPITAL 
MARKETS PRIVATE LIMITED 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to TVS Motor Company Limited 4Q FY '26 Post 
Results Earnings Con Call hosted by 360 ONE Capital Markets Private Limited. This conference 
call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not 
the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj from 360 ONE Capital. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you, Iqra, welcome to TVS Motor Company Limited 4Q FY '26 Post Results Conference 
Call. From TVS Motor management, we have with us today Mr. K.N. Radhakrishnan, Director 
and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. K. Gopala Desikan, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr. K.N. Radhakrishnan for the opening remarks to be followed 
by question and answer session. Over to you, sir. 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Good evening, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We are delighted to share that during 
this financial -- last financial year '25-'26, TVS Motor Company surpassed all its previous highs 
and achieved an all-round record performance, achieved the highest ever sales volume, revenue 
and profit. 
 
Our sales volume grew from 4.7 million units to 5.9 million units, a 24% growth. Revenue grew 
from INR36,251 crores to INR47,270 crores, a 30% growth and operating PBT grew from 
INR3,563 crores to INR4,975 crores, a 40% growth. When you look at the 2-wheeler ICE 
growth, it grew by 19% over the previous year and the industry growth during the same time 
was about 10%. 
 
2-wheeler international market, company sales grew by 31% over last year as against the 
industry growth of 23%. Total 2-wheeler ICE sales grew by 22% compared to last year as against 
industry growth of 12%. 
 
EV 2-wheeler sales grew by 33% and it is at 3.7 lakh units as against last year's 2.8 lakh units. 
Total sales of 3-wheeler grew by 63% to 220,000 as against 135,000 units during last year. On 
financial performance, during the year, company's EBITDA grew by 37%. Last year was 
INR4,450 crores and this financial year, it is INR6,079 crores. EBITDA margin improved by 60 
basis points, 12.9% this year vis-a-vis last year's 12.3%. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Operating PBT grew by 40%. During this year, the company generated an operating free cash 
flow of INR3,805 crores as against INR2,586 crores, a growth of 47%. Now when we look at 
Q4 sales, company achieved the highest ever revenue of INR12,808 crores, a growth of 36% of 
last year, is the highest. 
 
2-wheeler domestic ICE sales grew by 26% compared to Q4 of last year as against an industry 
growth of 24%. International market, company sales grew by 23%, total 2-wheeler ICE sales 
grew by 26% in Q4. EV 2-wheeler sales grew by 51%, 115,000 as against last year 76,000. Total 
sales of 3-wheeler grew by 65% 60,000 units as against last year's 37,000 units. On financial 
performance in the quarter of Q4, sales revenue was INR12,808 crores and we achieved the 
highest EBITDA of 13.1%. 
 
During the quarter, company's operating EBITDA was at INR1,679 crores as against last year 
INR1,172 crores. Company registered a PBT of INR1,358 crores during this quarter as against 
INR851 crores in Q4 last year. Now let me talk about TVS Credit performance. The TVS Credit 
services during the financial year '25-'26 again has achieved a record level of PBT, INR1,248 
crores. 
 
The book size is now INR30,631 crores. Q4 TVS credit reported sustained growth in 
disbursements supported by improved consumption sentiment and traction across all retail 
financing segments. The 2-wheeler category witnessed strong demand during this quarter, aided 
by steady recovery across urban, semi-urban markets. 
 
And definitely, you know we have seen the increasing adoption of electric vehicles, of course, 
supported by the broad affordability and good finance penetration in the market. Consumer 
durable financing remains steady driven by seasonal purchases and increased discretionary 
spending. 
 
Company continued to maintain its focus on risk calibrated growth across all product categories. 
TVS Credit has adopted a prudent and proactive approach to underwriting and risk through 
calibrated credit policy restrictions and sharper credit matrices. 
 
Overall, the portfolio quality has improved through reduction in total credit cost and GNPA. 
Financial year 2026, the TVS Credit disbursed loans to over 53 lakh new customers. Overall, 
the customer base is almost 2.4 crores now. TVS Credit continues to focus on leveraging 
technology, innovation through digital transformation, deeper customer relationships and while 
maintaining strong risk management practices with external credit rating of AA+. The book size 
has grown by 15%. 
 
Now it is at INR30,631 crores as against last year's INR26,647 crores. PBT has grown by 22%, 
INR1,248 crores as against INR1,027 crores during last year. And for this quarter, PBT has 
grown by 15%, INR348 crores as against INR302 crores during the Q4 of last year. 
 
On TVS Motor International business performance, we have recorded highest ever international 
business sales of 15.8 lakhs in the financial year 2026, a growth of 33% year-on-year. This 
performance was driven by very good demand for all our products, excellent range and sustained 
and continued strengthening of our distribution in this market. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Africa, Asia, LatAm remains our key countries. Africa has done extremely well. Now we are 
focusing in LatAm region, and we have seen very encouraging traction in many markets, and 
there is an opportunity for further leveraging this market for TVS. 
 
As you know, Asia is also doing well. Sri Lanka is fully back on track. Nepal is doing extremely 
well. Bangladesh, there are some changes we have brought in, and the exports will start soon. 
 
Q4 exports performance reflects sustained momentum, and we are able to improve our product 
mix. And 3-wheeler segment has started showing improvement now and we are confident that 
going forward in this financial year, we will keep up the same momentum for TVS Motor 
growth. On new products, I'm very sure all of you would have seen Orbiter V1. It has done well 
with 1.8 kilowatt battery. And this is for a different set of customers, now it is available in 2 
ranges. 
 
V1 1.8 kilowatt and V2 3.1 kilowatt. We have also started BaaS across EV portfolio. This will 
also give an opportunity for customers to subscribe through battery usage instead of paying for 
the full battery upfront. 
 
We also launched the TVS King Kargo Heavy Duty CNG. As you know the cargo vehicle EV 
is also giving very good response from the customers. The recently launched CNG cargo is going 
to give us very good response. Initial month have been very promising. Built on durability, ease 
of operation, the vehicle comes with robust leaf spring suspension. 
 
It offers very good ergonomic cabin with top speed of 62 kilometers per hour, excellent ground 
clearance and turning radius. I'm very sure that these 2 launches of cargo EV and cargo CNG, 
they will take a very prominent position in the cargo category in 3-wheeler. 
 
On Norton, all of you know that the company has done -- we started sometime in 2021 and we 
have invested behind building new products and this year it's very, very key. We've unveiled our 
product in EICMA, Milan. We got excellent feedback and we are going to soon come up with 
new models of Norton. Manx, Manx R, Atlas and Atlas GT. 
 
More details of that I will give you closer to the launch. And I'm very sure this will be available 
in Europe and some of them will be available in India. So '26-'27 is going to be very, very 
important year, especially the Q2 of '26-'27. On domestic ICE business, I'm now looking at this 
quarter and going forward. Last year, you saw very good growth in Q4. 
 
Urban was slightly better than rural. And '25-26, we saw very good GDP growth. Now coming 
to this financial year, we are looking at continuation of the GST benefits. There are some 
headwinds in terms of the ongoing West Asia conflict. There are challenges in terms of 
commodity prices, steel, aluminum, crude oil derivatives, and there are pressures on input costs, 
also some supply chain disruption. 
 
We have also gone through similar situation in the past. Company has also taken many initiatives 
to further strengthen our cost reduction, improving the product mix, also taking price increases 
wherever we are able to look at. And this is a continuous journey of closely monitoring the 
economy and constantly looking at correcting the contribution through various initiatives. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
What is most important is our demand both in domestic and international for all our models are 
extremely good. As I said in the April press news, we had some challenges in the supply chain, 
with respect to labor availability, gas and also some challenges in terms of on-time availability 
of some raw material. 
 
Things are becoming better. This month is going to be better. And we are confident that Q1, we 
will post a very good growth better than the industry. On EV, actually, the industry is growing 
better. Last quarter of Q4 last year, we saw 38% growth. 
 
And just to give you some data, the overall -- the penetration in Q4 was almost 7.8% vis-a-vis 
7.1%. If you look at year as a whole, the penetration has moved from 6.2% to 6.6%. I'm very 
sure that EV 2-wheeler will continue to increase the penetration and the momentum will continue 
this year. 
 
As you know, we have recently launched TVS iQube S with 4.7 kilowatt and this is definitely 
going to be a favorite EV for families. We have more than 900,000 Indian customers and families 
are enjoying this product. TVS iQube has played a key role in driving electric mobility adoption 
in India, which is the new launch of TVS iQube S. It offers range of 175. It comes with new 
color graphics and enabling families to go further with greater ease and confidence. 
 
On commercial mobility, we are consistently improving our EV 3-wheeler. Now the VAHAN 
share is continuously increasing for our 3-wheeler EV. And we are confident that in this financial 
year, we will reach a very prominent place with overall the EV passenger, EV cargo. In addition 
to the cargo, CNG what we have launched. Also you know that TVS Motor has recently signed 
a joint development agreement with Hyundai Motor Company to commercialize an electric 3-
wheeler. 
 
This is going to be redefining the mobility and as you know Hyundai Motor will lead the design 
and co-develop the EV 3-wheeler by leveraging its research and development expertise, 
advanced mobility technologies and human-centric design approach. 
 
TVS Motor will co-develop the project using our leading edge electric platform, extensive 3-
wheeler engineering expertise, deep local market understanding and I'm very sure with our long 
legacy of trust, quality focus, we will be able to come up with a product which is grand success 
in the market. 
 
On International business, what we have seen is Q4, I'm very sure that this year also you will 
see the momentum. We are also closely monitoring the effects of the war situation, but as I speak 
every International market we are seeing very good pull for TVS range of products. We are also 
constantly monitoring. 
 
There are some challenges, especially in the lead time for delivery of some of the logistics issues. 
But I'm confident that with our close monitoring and working with our distributor, we will be 
able to overcome this and to conclude during Q4, you have seen our EBITDA has gone to 13.1%. 
 
We will continue to leverage scale benefits, better product mix and sustained efforts on cost 
reduction, which will definitely enable us. While there are challenges on geopolitical issues, I 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
think our -- thanks to our customers and our product portfolio, we are confident we put every 
effort to further improve our cost and we will definitely look at leveraging our growth 
momentum on top line better than the industry growth. 
 
This quarter and next quarter, we will be very, very cautious. We will make sure that we will 
not -- we will continue to invest in technology, R&D, innovation and brand building. We will 
very closely look at every cost element to make sure that we grow ahead of the industry. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Sir, shall we open the floor for question and answer? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. 
Kapil Singh:  
Good Evening Sir! Thanks for the opportunity and Congratulations on the strong performance. 
My first question is just on your growth outlook for domestic and international for FY '27. What 
kind of growth are you expecting? And any color in-between motorcycles, ICE scooters and EV 
scooters directionally, what do you expect there? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, we are expecting a good single-digit growth on the industry this year. And we are seeing 
good growth momentum. Of course, there are some challenges in terms of the prices going up, 
especially on gases and inflation little bit going up. But thanks to our product range, the demand 
situation is very good for us. On Particularly, if you look at -- let me start with overall, I already 
highlighted that the EV is doing extremely well, and we have 2 good brands, iQube and Orbiter. 
 
On scooter, if you look at Jupiter 110 -- Jupiter 110 and 125, it's doing extremely well in the 
market. And as a category, according to me, '26, '27, the growth momentum will continue on 
scooter. 
 
EV will be very good. Scooters will be very good, okay? And also super premium category is 
also likely to do very well. The challenge will continue in the economy category, okay? 
Economy category, the challenge will be a little higher because that is where most of the 
customers who have challenges in terms of higher inflation, fuel prices are likely to resume. 
 
Fortunately for TVS we have, for example, currently SSP, including EV, the scooter category 
share is almost 38%. And according to me, that is likely to go over 40%, which means scooters 
are likely to grow faster. And we have very strong brands of Jupiter, Ntorq, 125, 150 and the 
response of 150 is outstanding in the market, which was recently launched. 
 
And on the EV side, Orbiter, again, outstanding response in the market. iQube continues to do 
very well, especially the new variant, whatever we have launched. So scooters, we are strong 
and we will continue to grow ahead of the industry. And you know last 3 years, we have done 
extremely well on our premium Apache and Ronin is doing extremely well. Super premium 
Ronin is also doing extremely well. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
 
So overall, we have a very good portfolio. EV will grow well, scooters will grow well. Premium 
and super premium will grow well. Then the challenge will be on the economy category and our 
proportion in that category is very small. 
 
Of course, the new moped with alloy wheel is doing extremely well in the market. So what we 
have seen is if you add value to the customer, still customers are willing to look at even if there 
are challenges in demand. This is on the domestic market. Now coming to international market, 
as we see the demand for us is extremely good. And I'm very sure that the momentum whatever 
we have seen in Q4 will continue this year. 
 
We'll be very closely watching the situation related to the geopolitical challenges. There are 
delays in terms of transit time, which we need to support our distributors, we're working very 
closely with them. But as long as the demand is very good, we are very confident that we will 
do better than the Industry. 
Kapil Singh:  
Thankyou so much for the detailed answer on the commodity side also, I just wanted to know 
how much is the commodity inflation that we are expecting in the first quarter and how much 
price hike we have taken and also for similar numbers for Q4 FY '26? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
See the commodity, I think this is unprecedented. I think it is around 3% to 5% because as we 
speak, there are challenges, but we were able to increase prices 35% of the price increases we 
were able to offset by increasing prices. We are closely monitoring the situation, both in 
domestic and international, we have passed on price increases. We'll also keep a close watch on 
that, and you know this is something which we will look at it very, very closely. 
 
And second, I think the product mix is going to definitely help us. The leverage in the top line 
is going to help us. So it will be a combination of cost reduction, product mix, growing the scale 
benefit and looking at appropriate price increases in the right model. So it's a combination of all 
strategies put together. We have seen similar situation in the past, maybe just a little higher 
everything happening in 1 quarter this time. So, we will closely monitor that. 
Kapil Singh:  
So just to clarify, this 3 to 5 percentages is-- as a percentage of the revenue, right? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Revenue, revenue, revenue. Yes, yes, yes. 
Kapil Singh:  
How much was PLI for the quarter? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
PLI is about 0.9%. 
Moderator: 
Thankyou We will take the next question from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Hai good evening My first question is around production capacity. So in FY '26, we've 
manufactured and sold close to 5.9 million vehicles. I just want to understand at this stage, what 
is the rough range of our 2-wheeler production capacity and 3-wheeler production capacity. And 
then you have announced recently that you plan to expand capacity to service demand. Just want 
to understand what proportion of addition we can expect over the next 12 to 24 months as well? 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Immediately, we are looking at increasing the capacity by another 1.5 million, to go to 
somewhere around 8.3 million because the demand is good and first time we have to add 
significant capacity in the next 12 months. Work has already started in the last quarter of last 
year -- last financial year. This financial year is going to be very important. Quarter after quarter, 
we are reviewing. 
 
And possibly for '28 and '29, we are also thinking about which -- what kind of capacity additions 
we need to add. But one thing we are very clear, we want to be ahead of the industry growth. 
And for that, we will make sure that capacity will not be a constraint, and we will be investing 
behind us. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. Second question is just around some of the supply chain challenges that 
globally the automotive industry is facing. So you did call out gas, you did call out certain raw 
materials for production beyond that. Rare earth has been sort of up and down over the past 12 
months and EVs are also picking up where rare earth might be important. 
 
So I just want to understand across some of your key materials, where are some of the challenges 
presently in manpower included? And then how do you see that progressing over the next few 
months? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, supply chain was something unique we had in the last April and end of March. Primarily, I 
think it all started post the geopolitical unrest. I think the gas prices going up and other energy 
costs going up. One, it affected the commodity, commodity prices, but sometimes the 
commodity availability. As you know, we don't keep more than 30 days of stock with our dealers 
in India. 
 
So normally, it is 21 to 30 days maximum, and they are all cash and carry. What happens is, you 
know you have to -- and our retails are extremely good, which you would have seen from our 
VAHAN. And also international, the demand is very good and the retails are extremely good. 
 
So very critical that we are able to ramp up and produce material and give it to them. And our 
supply chain because of these delays in energy and sometimes raw material, A couple of delays 
can also affect sometimes production. This is one. Second, across India, we are seeing some 
challenges with respect to labor. It is not only unique to South, but many, many areas, especially 
the Tier 2 suppliers. 
 
Tier 1 is able to manage, but many of the Tier 2, they have serious problems. So we are 
supporting them. And for example, month of May, we are much better than April. Hopefully, 
this month -- end of this month, we will come out of it. 
 
That's why I'm confident about Q1, we will be very, very confidently growing ahead of the 
industry in totality, both in retail and in dispatches. But this we have to closely monitor and see 
appropriate countermeasures, very, very important. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. And just my last question is bookkeeping question. Just related to the point 
you made around the channel stock you maintain. If you could just give us at this point in time, 
where the channel stock is for domestic versus the normal channel stock and for international 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
business as well versus the normal channel stock you maintain? And also if you could share the 
exports and spares revenues for the quarter? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Channel stock has started improving this month because we were able to produce much better 
in the first 10 days of May. And I'm very sure by end of this month and first week of June, it 
will come to that -- we always operate between the 21 days to 30 days kind of that range. 
Fortunately, for us, every product is under high pool. So we have to make sure that we deliver 
that, which we will do. The revenue from international business for Q4, you're asking, right? 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Right. 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Q4, we're at almost INR3,000 crores -- INR2,999 crores. And spare parts, total spare parts is -- 
overall spare parts is about INR1,122 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question is just going back to the comments you made 
that for the next 1 or 2 quarters, we'll be cautious. I'm just trying to understand, is it more the 
cost headwinds that worry you? Is it the supply disruption or maybe to some extent, the sort of 
price increases that the industry is taking to offset the commodity? Do you see that there could 
be some risk to the demand as well, which is pretty strong at the moment? So some more clarity 
on the comment you made around the next 2 quarters cautiousness? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
We are confident about the demand. I think there is absolutely -- thanks to the customer delight, 
the products and the product range what we have delivered. We are very confident on the demand 
side. I'm talking about TVS. The uncertainty is on raw material availability, timely availability, 
okay? 
 
The costs are high, but a couple of days delay here and there is one worry. Another worry which 
we are getting over completely is the supply chain tier 2 disruption, but that we are coming out 
of it fully. So I'm very confident by end of a couple of weeks' time, we will be completely out 
of it. 
 
And we are closely monitoring the overall situation in terms of what is happening on the 
geopolitical situation because this is not only for us, it is for the entire industry. So we have to 
be very cautious about that. And I say cautious, we have to closely monitor what is happening, 
how the segments are doing well. 
 
And please note that for the distributor also material has to reach on time. And if there is a 10%, 
15% delay in terms of the extra lead time for transit okay ? again, when you have high pools, 
that is also -- we cannot lose any opportunity. Otherwise, we are pretty confident. So maybe in 
2, 3 weeks, we will come out of it. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. And the second question is if you can share a bit more color on the investments 
that we made in this quarter of INR700 crores. And the losses also from subsidiary were a bit 
higher this quarter. So any color on that? And if you can share a guide for fiscal '27 for 
investments in capex? 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, the overall -- let me tell you, it is more for the overseas subsidiary. We spent about 
investments about INR2,400 crores total. I'm saying for the year. And predominately it is for 
Norton, okay? And Norton, products are getting ready and many of the products are going to be 
seen in Q2 of this year. 
 
And I'm pretty confident I've seen the product. They are all extremely good and it is going to 
really redefine the super-premium class globally. About INR200 crores is in TVS Credit 
Services. And we also have put a strategic investment in Dubai to have significant focus on 
international markets. 
 
So we have established a total infrastructure and we have invested -- this we said about a couple 
of quarters back about INR300 crores we have invested. So all put together this quarter, this 
year, last financial year was INR2,400 crores. 
 
Next year, the investments will be much lower. It will be maybe another INR500 crores, INR600 
crores lower than this INR2,400 because we are very confident that many of the investments 
whatever we have made is going to start yielding better revenues and start getting results for us. 
 
Now coming to capex, our focus on the product development and new products will continue 
from TVS Motor side. That will be around – like this year, around close to INR2,000 crores. 
Another additional investment is we are -- I told you we are adding another 1.5 million of 
capacity. 
 
So we are expanding in a significant way on all 2-wheeler and 3-wheeler, that will be about 
INR1,000 crores plus, okay? And we are also expanding our R&D because we believe in 
investing in R&D, capability, testing. So all put together, the capex for next year for TVS Motor 
will be likely to be around INR3,500 crores. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. Got it. And last question, sir, is on the EV capacity. Like you mentioned you're upping 
the capacity. Can you talk about what is the EV capacity on a monthly basis right now? And 
where do you see that capacity unlocking happening? To what level are we planning to take it 
given the demand is rising on the EV side? 
 
And any plans to sort of also leverage on these EV products that you have in the international 
markets because the similar trend that we're seeing in India is also playing out in some of the 
Asian countries on higher E 2-wheeler demand? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
You’re absolutely right See, Asian market, the response to iQube is very good. We are now 
starting our Orbiter. So Asian markets have started a good proportion of our EVs. Currently, we 
are doing about -- last year, if you look at our average was about 32,000. Around 30,000 to 
32,000. We have now moved maybe around 40,000 and we will soon move to 50,000 per month. 
 
So that is the kind of direction we are looking at in EV. We will definitely be ahead of the 
industry that I can promise you. We are constantly looking at our capacity versus demand and 
expansion in the network. And also you have seen the variants in iQube, you have seen the 
variants in Orbiter, and we will grow ahead of the industry. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Hi Sir thanks for your opportunity, my first question was on exports. You mentioned you know  
that we are seeing a lot of strength, but in the near term, there can be some challenges. As of 
now, if you look at Africa, LatAm and South Asia, are we seeing any signs of any challenges 
regarding inflation or the same issues that we're seeing in India in terms of gas availability and 
fuel prices emerging in any of these geographies because some of these geographies have 
announced work from home, rationing of fuel. So any worries or any concerns you are hearing 
from the ground here? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, these are things we have to constantly look at it. But the strength is we have a very strong 
product range of HLX series 100, 125, 150. Actually, the demand is so high for us, we are not 
able to meet the demand today. So country by country, people are loving our products in African 
markets and many other markets. 
 
So our endeavor is to significantly and proportionately increase, okay? The challenge according 
to me, what we are seeing is a delay in terms of the container availability and making sure that 
there is a 15% increase in the lead times now, okay? 
 
And as you know, when the distributor plans with whatever the money he is putting and he has 
got certain dealers and sub dealers, they need to have this plan. And 15% is like another 10 days 
delay, 10 days delay or 8 days delay or 1 week delay. 
 
So this is something we need to plan and we need to also support them in terms of possibly 
higher capacity, higher production okay, better planning. So this is something we have to look 
at. But the inflation, prices of energy, local challenges, this we always constantly look at it 
because we are now talking about this war situation. 
 
But last year or year before that, we have seen Ukraine, Russia war also created certain problems 
in this region. So this is something we have been very closely monitoring and I'm very confident 
that we will come over it. We will get over these challenges. We have come up with a very clear 
solution. What is more delighting is every market TVS products are sought after, and we are 
very confident that momentum is going to help us to grow faster than the industry. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Great. That's good to know. And we can see that in your monthly run rate improvement as well. 
Sir, my second question is on the domestic market. We've seen in the last 12 months, EV 3-
wheeler and even CNG 3-wheeler launch as well as 2-wheeler EV scooter launches. 
 
In the motorcycle category, is there anything that -- any category launches that we can look 
forward to in the next 12 months? Any specific category motorcycles that you are targeting for 
launches? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
TVS always believes in investing behind technology, coming up with models which delights the 
customer. This has been our focus for our growth ahead of the industry. And that momentum 
will continue. Last year, you have seen iQube, you have seen RTX, you have seen Orbiter, now 
V1 version, and you have seen 3-wheeler. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
We started with the passenger EV, then we started cargo, then CNG cargo. So we completely 
believe in investing behind products and our strength is R&D. Our strength is software. Our 
strength is digital. Our strength is connected services. So this is something we will continuously 
invest and we will drive. That's also the reason our capex is pretty high because we don't stop in 
investing. 
 
We always say that these are all medium to long-term strategy of the company, to grow 
aspirationally in every market on top of it, you know Super Premium Norton ok? There are 
models which we are investing. Products are getting ready in our Hosur plant and Solihull. So 
we are very excited about '26, '27. I think it is going to be a key turnaround year for the next 
phase of growth for TVS and Norton. 
Amyn Pirani: 
That's great to know, sir. Just a clarification. Will you be manufacturing these initial Norton 
products in India as well? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Yes, yes, yes. Solihull is looking at one model, which is in the high end where we will be making 
there, okay? The other models are going to be made here. And we will also look at what type of 
models in Solihull, what type of models in India. But we are leveraging India, especially the 
Hosur plant in a big way. 
Amyn Pirani: 
That’s good sir, thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Hiranandani from PhillipCapital India. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, as per your earlier years assessment, what has been the impact on rural sales due to El Nino? 
And my second question is related to looking at the elevated and extended cost inflation, how 
much more price increase you are planning to take to sustain the FY '26 level margins? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
See, one is monsoon. As we open this year, when we look at the reservoir water level, as of now, 
it is 16% higher, okay? So it is definitely good for the Kharif season. However, what the point 
what you said is El Nino risk could moderate the rainfall, okay? So we have to be constantly 
watching that. 
 
And we have to make sure that the reservoir water levels are very, very critical going forward. 
So that is very critical for looking at, in my opinion, Q3 and Q4, which we will very closely look 
at it, very closely look at it. What was your second question? 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Sir, looking at the elevated and extended cost inflation, so how much more price increases you 
are planning to take to sustain your FY '26 level margins? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Normally, I don't give you any guidance on margin, okay? Because we don't look at -- pricing 
is a strategy. We look at -- and I always believe that pricing is only one element. We always 
look at the value what we are giving to the customer in terms of TCO, in terms of attractiveness, 
in terms of technology, in terms of connectivity. So pricing is only one element. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
And we also have used the varianting strategy. There are different type of customers. So we 
continue to leverage these methods. And when you grow the top line ahead of the industry, that 
is also going to give you many benefits. 
 
And in terms of cost inflation, this 3% to 5%, according to me, it is quite significant, okay? So 
we have to closely monitor. And we constantly look at what type of opportunity is given to us 
in terms of looking at variant, what kind of pricing we can look at. So it's a continuous journey, 
okay? And our endeavor is to grow the top line and continue the momentum. 
 
Again, we don't look for one quarter another quarter. Many a times, we become very anxious 
about what happens in Q1, what happens in Q2. We always look at trajectory. When we started 
the growth momentum, we -- all of you know that we were at 6.5% in EBITDA. This quarter, 
we are closing at 13.1%. 
 
So we always look at the direction. And definitely with our product portfolio, the focus what we 
have on product mix and both the combination of 3-wheeler, premium, international business, 
all these are going to strengthen our realization per vehicle. That is very important. When you 
have the realization per vehicle going up, I think you can always leverage cost. 
 
And we can also amortize our fixed cost over a larger base. So the growth momentum and the 
EBITDA journey will continue, okay? We should not be so much worried about one quarter, 
two quarter. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Raghu Nandhan from Nuvama Research 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Good evening sir thank you so much for the opportunity and Congratulations on strong results. 
Firstly, sir, in the export market, would you expect the growth to be higher than domestic market 
in FY '27? And within exports, would you -- in terms of packing order, would you say growth 
will be higher in Latin America followed by Africa and Asia? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think if you look at many of these markets, international markets, India, you know I always 
believe that India has got a huge opportunity and the type of investments what government has 
done on the infrastructure side, especially on the roads, and thanks to the consumer class of 1.4 
billion who definitely looks at 2-wheeler as a great category for their own income generation 
and commuting. 
 
I'm very sure the growth momentum will continue. And thanks to GST, I think the entire scenario 
got changed when government reduced 28% to 18%. It's not only on 2-wheeler overall, okay? 
 
This war situation has put a little bit of challenges, but I'm very sure that the need for commuting, 
the need for especially 50% of the class is self-income kind of customer, rural customers, that 
momentum will continue in India. 
 
Now growth, I said about a strong single digit, okay? It could even -- if things go better in the 
second half, you can see something becoming better also. But we have to be cautious and saying 
from the industry point of view. And from our point of view, we are optimistic about product 
range and what we are going to deliver to the market. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
 
Coming to international, international last -- if you look at '21, '22, '23, we saw a lot of challenges 
and it went to the bottom. Now all these international markets are coming back. Last year, we 
saw a good growth. I'm very sure this year also, you will see a similar growth and the momentum 
will continue, okay? And LatAm, you have seen it went down. 
 
Africa went down. So -- and we have seen it in Asia. So we are pretty confident that the 
momentum, whatever you have seen will continue in the international market. And especially 
for TVS, the product pool is very good in the market. 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Noted sir very helpful sir, Ronin model has done extremely well and monthly volume has 
crossed 8,000 in domestic market. How do you see the potential for this product in domestic and 
exports? And how do you see this helping your play on premiumization? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Ronin is a great brand. If you recollect in last 3 years, I always say that. We started with 2,000, 
went to 4,000, 8,000, okay? I'm telling you shortly, we will cross 10,000, and it is great pool in 
India in every state. And thanks to all those customers who love Ronin. 
 
It is yet another brand like Apache, I can tell you. I don't want to give you any guidance on the 
volume because we are building it and thanks to every customer of Ronin and pull has started 
already in the Indonesia -- in the international markets, every market wherever we operate. So it 
is going to be a long-standing, very good brand for the super-premium customers. And once 
again, thanks to all the customers. 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Wonderful, sir. Just a housekeeping question. Can you share the EV revenue for FY '26? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
EV Revenue. You have to give me a minute. Just let me look at it. About 5,000 crores. 
Raghu Nandhan: 
Got it sir thankyou very much sir and wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashish Jain from Macquarie India please go ahead. 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, firstly, on investments, you said that fiscal '27 investments will be INR500 crores, INR600 
crores lower. But I thought bulk of the Norton investment is behind us. So can you give some 
color on where that INR2,000 crores investment will be spent in fiscal '27? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
No, the investments will be lower, but it will not be zero. I think please understand product 
development is still continuing because we can't have only a few models. We have to have in all 
segment models for Norton, but it will be lower than this year. And other investment where we 
are investing this year, some of them will continue. Some new investments will be there, which 
closer to the investment, we will let you know. 
 
It may not be in Norton and the current investment because we constantly look at the 
opportunities and we will be doing that. But overall, at this point of time, it will be 70% of the 
current year, somewhere around that. 
Ashish Jain: 
Right. But sir, when you say new, will it be something outside Norton plus Dubai plus previous 
credit services? Can it be something outside these 3 as well? 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
We always look at new opportunities, and we want to see these opportunities. So closer to -- 
when we decide, we will let you... 
Ashish Jain: 
Sir, secondly, if I look at our export volumes, while we have done a phenomenal job in terms of 
going ahead of the industry, our volumes are still more skewed to Africa. So like let's say, from 
the next 2, 3 years point of view, do we see an opportunity to gain substantially in LatAm? How 
has the experience been in LatAm? Can you speak a bit about that? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
Africa, we invested long back, and I'm extremely happy the way TVS brand is preferred in 
Africa. In this, please understand it takes time to establish your brand, and you know the HLX 
series, HLX 100, 125, 155 is the most preferred brand in this market. Asia is very strong for us. 
Africa is very strong for us. And I completely agree with you, LatAm, we are growing ahead of 
the industry, which means we are gaining market share year after year. 
 
And LatAm is going to be the focus for TVS definitely. But you have to give 2, 3 years' time 
because we need good distributors. We need very good investment behind brands. We need to 
have visibility of this brand in the market. So our full focus will be, of course, there is huge 
headroom in the Africa and Middle East, okay? 
 
Huge opportunity even for TVS. So we want to further strengthen Africa and Middle East and 
strengthen -- put a strong foundation in LatAm, growing, okay? So that journey will continue 
and LatAm will be the focus. 
Ashish Jain:  
Sir, just an extension of that. So shall we think that LatAm journey will be more through Apache 
and Ronin or it will be much wider, including entry-level products as well? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
All products. See, every country I have seen, there are proportion of premium, super-premium 
and executives and entry-level. So every -- these are all developing countries. So we have to 
play with the portfolio even for the distributor and dealer productivity and their profitability. So 
we will play in the portfolio. And sometimes you can also design and develop something unique 
for this market. 
 
And please remember, the Indonesia products are also doing extremely well. Quietly we are 
doing now about last year, we did average of 17,000 per month. Now we are getting into almost 
20,000 plus. And the Bebek & Skubek  are also in many of these markets doing very well. So, 
the portfolio what we have, we will leverage that. 
 
And country-specific certain products also we will design and develop. So it's a combination of 
investment behind some new products, leveraging existing models and we will take it up in a 
great way. Can we get into the last question, please? 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Yash Agrawal from Nirmal Bang Securities. 
Yash Agrawal: 
Hi sir thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand the strategic rationale behind 
the Hyundai TVS partnership in the 3-wheeler EV segment. And what is the expected timeline 
for commercialization and product launches under this partnership? 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think all of you know about Hyundai, their capability in terms of their ability to design, look 
at their R&D capability, advanced mobility technology, very clear understanding of human-
centric approach country by country. We want to completely leverage that. Equally, on the other 
side, we have excellent leading edge electric platform. We have the 3-wheeler engineering 
expertise, deep local understanding of Indian market, international market. 
 
So we will look at how do we use this -- both companies leveraging the strength and how we 
come with a redefined mobility in the 3-wheeler category. I can give you so much now. I think 
closer to the launch, I can give you more details, including the lead time. 
Yash Agrawal: 
And extension to this question, how should we think about revenue contribution and profitability 
potential from this partnership over the medium term? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think what we have to look at is, overall how the company is moving, and we have done 
extremely well, how we moved from 6.5% to 13.1%. So whenever we look at, we look at 
portfolio, we look at every product and every project. And overall, we look at the performance 
of the company, and I'm very confident this also is going to help us in improving our EBITDA 
journey. 
Yash Agrawal: 
And last question, sir, how do you think about international growth potential for the EV scooters? 
K.N. Radhakrishnan: 
I think that started well, especially in the Asia market. We are also entering into many markets 
where we are present. I'm very positive because whether it is iQube or Orbiter, it is loved by the 
customer. But each country is specific, each country is unique. We need to be very closer to the 
customer in understanding and what needs they are expecting. 
 
Sometimes we may have to also come up with a new model, even in electric because the 
customer preferences, we have to understand, and that is the strength of TVS. We invest behind 
-- for example, HLX whatever we are selling in Africa and LatAm, we don't sell even one 
number in India. So we have to -- we constantly believe in looking at the customers, coming up 
with the models which are unique to the customer and the usage. 
 
Overall, thanks, everyone. I think last year -- last financial year is a great year. The TVS Motor 
company posted the highest ever revenue of INR47,270 crores, highest ever net profit of 
INR3,615 crores with best-class quality, our focus on the consumer, strong portfolio of brands, 
starting from Apache, Jupiter, iQube, Orbiter, Raider, Ntorq HLX, Radeon, Ronin, TVS King 
Kargo, EV, ICE I'm pretty confident and all the products from Indonesia, the company will 
leverage growing ahead of the industry. 
 
We will definitely use scale benefits. We will use the focus premiumization journey. We will 
focus on the sustained material cost reduction. We will look at model mix, okay? While there 
are challenges, as I said, we are cautiously optimistic, and we will continuously looking at 
improving the top line and continue to grow our EBITDA margin going forward. 
 
Q1, Q2, we will closely look at it, and we will take appropriate counter measure and we will 
continue to grow the top line and do best for the industry and the customers. Thank you. 

       
TVS Motor Company Limited 
 
 
May 13, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of 360 ONE Capital Markets Private Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us today, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
