                                                                                                                          
 
 
TRANSRAIL LIGHTING LIMITED 
 
Corporate & Registered Office:  
 
501 A, B, C, E, Fortune 2000, Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051, Maharashtra, India 
Tel: +91 22 61979600 | Web: www.transrail.in | CIN: L31506MH2008PLC179012  
 
 
June 02, 2026 
 
 
 
To  
Sr. General Manager 
Department of Corporate Services  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 544317 
To 
Sr. General Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: TRANSRAILL 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call post approval of the Audited Financial Results for quarter 
and year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI LODR 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on Wednesday, May 27, 2026, post approval of 
Audited Financial Results for quarter and year ended March 31, 2026.   
 
You are requested to take the aforementioned on your records. 
 
 
For Transrail Lighting Limited 
 
 
 
Monica Gandhi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer   
 
Encl: As above 
MONICA 
TANAY GANDHI
Digitally signed by 
MONICA TANAY GANDHI 
Date: 2026.06.02 16:59:23 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
   
“Transrail Lighting Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2026 
E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual and Grammatical errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on 
the stock exchange and company website on May 27th , 2026, will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RANDEEP NARANG – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TRANSRAIL LIGHTING 
LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK KHANDELWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – TRANSRAIL LIGHTING LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIL SHAH – PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Transrail Lighting Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by PhillipCapital India Private Limited. 
Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantee of future performance of 
the company and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Harshil Shah from PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Harshil Shah:  
Thank you. Good day, and a very warm welcome to everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital India, 
I am pleased to welcome you all for the earnings call of Transrail Lighting Limited. We are 
happy to have the management with us here today for a Q&A session with the investment 
community.  
The management is represented by Mr. Randeep Narang, MD and CEO; and Mr. Deepak 
Khandelwal, CFO. Now we will begin the call with opening comments from the management 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. With this, now I hand over the call to management for 
their opening comments. Over to you, sir. 
Randeep Narang:  
Thank you, and welcome, everybody. With me I have our CFO, Mr. Deepak Khandelwal. I am 
Randeep Narang. So, as you see the year gone by FY'26, Transrail in terms of performance, this 
is our best ever since we got listed. As we reflect the year gone by, I am pleased to share that we 
have delivered strongly on the commitments we made to our stakeholders and strengthening the 
foundation of our business for future growth.  
At the beginning of year FY'26, we guided approximately 25% growth over previous year, 
supported by healthy order inflows, strong execution momentum, and disciplined project 
delivery. Based on our overall performance H1, we further revised the guidance from 25% to 
27%. But eventually at the end of the year, we exceeded the guidance delivering 30% revenue 
growth for the year finishing March '26. 
More importantly, this growth is achieved while maintaining strong profitability, improving our 
balance sheet, and enhancing our operating capabilities. This reflects the quality of our order 
book, the strength of our execution, and disciplined approach. For the year '26, record year for 
Transrail, we achieved the highest revenue, EBITDA, and profit after tax. Revenue stood at 
INR6,880 crores while EBITDA and PAT also reached record levels. These milestones reflect 
the efforts of our team and trust of our customers, our ability to execute large-scale and complex 
projects in different geographies. 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Alongside the operational performance, we had significant progress in strengthening our 
financial position. During the year, we reduced our net debt substantially, enhancing working 
capital efficiency, improved leverage metrics, and generally a healthy operating cash flow. We 
believe that these improvements are particularly important as they provide us with a greater 
financial flexibility to pursue future growth opportunities while maintaining discipline on capital 
allocation.  
Our order inflows for year FY'26 remain healthy at INR8,520 crores and we have been very 
careful and focused and selective in disciplined bidding. More importantly, we ended the year 
with an unexecuted order book including L1 of approximately INR16,361 crores from a level of 
INR14,551 crores last year. This clearly gives us a runway for more than two years in terms of 
order booking to revenue. 
The order book remains diversified across both domestic and international markets and provides 
strong revenue visibility over the years. We want to focus not only on quantum of orders but the 
quality of orders, ensuring growth is aligned with profitability with a clear risk management 
objective.  
For the year FY'26, we had significant capacity enhancement in our factories. One of the key 
highlights during the year was successful completion of our tower manufacturing expansion both 
brownfield and greenfield, which resulted in installed tower manufacturing capacity to be more 
than doubled. We continue to invest in expansion of conductor manufacturing facilities as per 
our capex plan as we have shared with you.  
By end of H1 this year, we will finish both Phase 1 of capex which was announced in IPO in 
May '25. This would further lead to increase in tower capacity to 1,96,000 metric tons and 
conductor capacity will double. Further, we are looking at growth, Our Board has approved 
additional capex of INR203 crores in our Board meeting on 26 May 2026, that is yesterday, 
towards looking at improving our construction productivity, construction equipment. 
The investments are not merely capacity additions; they represent our commitment to building 
capabilities required to execute the current growth phase of our company. On execution front, 
we continue to demonstrate our ability to deliver critical infrastructure projects across India and 
international.  
During the year, we successfully completed seven 765 kV transmission projects in India, 
supplied more than 1,50,000 metric tons of towers and 4,000 kilometres of conductors. 
Internationally, we completed Phase 1 of Bangladesh-river crossing transmission line and made 
substantial progress in Phase 2. We also expanded our international footprint across new markets 
such as Abu Dhabi, Tunisia, Djibouti, Botswana, further strengthening our global presence. 
As we look at the opportunity landscape, it remains highly attractive. We have entered a multi-
year transmission infrastructure investment cycle driven by renewable energy, the rising power 
demand, grid modernization, and upcoming HVDC projects. The scale of investment being 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
planned across transformation infrastructure provides a strong runway for growth for EPC 
companies.  
With more than 2,00,000 kilometres of transmission lines to be added and investment outlook 
of more than INR9,00,000 crores being envisaged, this sector has very good tailwinds  going 
forward in the next five years. At the same time, we continue to see encouraging opportunities 
across international markets in Africa, SAARC, GCC regions, where investments in 
electrification, transmission, infrastructure, and grid expansion continue to gain momentum. Our 
focus is to secure more multilateral development bank funded projects, very clearly part of our 
strict risk management perspective. 
Over the years, Transrail has built capabilities that differentiate us in the marketplace. With 3x 
growth in revenue for last five years, we are stronger than ever. We have large manufacturing 
base, strong balance sheet, diversified geographical presence, robust order book to provide a 
very proven execution record. These strengths position us well to capitalize on the opportunities 
both domestic and international markets.  
As we enter year FY'27, we do so from  a position of strength and confidence in opportunities 
ahead. We will continue to manage the issues coming from the geopolitical scenarios which 
continue contribution in inflation including fuel prices, shipment, insurance cost, etc.  
Lastly, our Board of Directors recommended a dividend of 100% on equity share capital. That 
is INR2 per equity share for the financial ended 31st March 2026. I would like to thank our 
customers, employees, shareholders, lenders, business partners, and all stakeholders in their 
continued trust and support to achieve these results.  
Now I request our CFO, Mr. Deepak Khandelwal, to take you through the financial performance 
for the quarter and the year going forward. Handing over to you, Deepak. 
Deepak Khandelwal:  
Thank you very much, sir. I will now take you through financial performance for fourth quarter 
and full year FY'26. FY'26 was a year of strong financial performance and disciplined execution 
for the company. We delivered robust growth across key financial metrics while maintaining 
margin, improving working capital efficiency, strengthening our balance sheet, and generating 
healthy cash flows.  
Let me take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter and the full year.  
For Q4 FY26, revenue from operations stood at INR1,863 crores. For the full year, revenue 
reached INR6,880 crores, representing a strong year-on-year growth of 30%. EBITDA for 
Q4FY26 stood at INR207 crores, while full year EBITDA reached INR820 crores, reflecting a 
year-on-year growth of 21%. EBITDA margin stood at 11.08% in Q4FY26 and 11.92% for 
FY26. 
Profit before tax for Q4FY26 stood at INR143 crores, while for FY26, the PBT stood at INR584 
crores, an increase of 25%. Profit after tax stood at INR96 crores for Q4, while for FY26, 
operational PAT stood at INR421 crores, an increase of 28%. The board of directors have 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
recommended a dividend of 100% on equity share capital, that is INR2 per equity share capital 
for the financial year ended 31st March 2026.  
Our focus on working capital management continue to deliver positive results. Working capital 
days improved to 81 days in FY26 from 91 days in FY25, reflecting improved collections, 
efficient project execution and tighter control over working capital. Our operating cash flow 
more than doubled to INR817 crores in FY26.  
Net debt reduced by INR80 crores, that is 30% reduction year-on-year. Our finance cost to 
operating revenue ratio has improved by 55 bps during the year. Our capital efficiency metrics 
also remain healthy. Return on capital employed or ROCE has remained consistently over 24% 
over the last three years and for the year, it is an impressive 25.79%, reflecting efficient capital 
allocation and strength of our operating model.  
With this, I would now hand the call back to the host to start the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take 
the first question from the line of Deep Sanghavi from Dalal & Broacha Stock Broking. 
Deep Sanghavi: 
So as Phase 1 of tower capacity is completed now and the current capacity is 1,72,000 MTPA. 
Now with the higher capacity, should we expect any improvement in project execution timelines 
and if yes, is it possible for you to quantify by how much? 
Randeep Narang: 
As you know, we have a INR16,000 plus crores order book and most of it is T&D. So, the towers 
supplies will support our execution speed and productivity and from our point of view of 
commitment to customer and L2, we will be meeting projects on time.  
So, the key for us is delivering project timelines and executions as per the contract we have 
agreed on. So, this will definitely hasten the progress for execution timelines and I think we will 
better it by at least a month or two within the contractual period of 24 months or 30 months, 
depending on where we are supplying. 
Deep Sanghavi: 
Just to follow up to that, so does the current order book of as you said INR16,000 round crores, 
so does that provide sufficient visibility to achieve the guided revenue growth of as you said 
20% to 22%? 
Randeep Narang: 
Substation is a smaller part of our business, not more than 5%. So mostly it is transmission. So, 
this tower business, tower supplies will help our tower execution of transmission projects. 
Deep Sanghavi: 
I wanted to ask, so is the visibility there for the guided revenue growth of 20% to 22% with 
current order book? 
Randeep Narang:  
Yes, we have visibility of revenue for 20% to 22%. Our order intake growth plan is more than 
25%. So, both are in line with our strategic growth plan. 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Deep Sanghavi: 
My second question was that could you share how was the Q1 ordering activity been so far, both 
in terms of fresh tendering and conversion into final orders? 
Randeep Narang:  
So, we are in the first phase of Q1. We are bidding jobs, we would have bid jobs worth 
INR10,000 crores in Q1 and we are awaiting results going forward. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ishita Lodha from SVAN Investment. 
Ishita Lodha: 
I have a bookkeeping question on trade acceptances. What is the value of trade acceptances as 
on 31st March 2026? 
Deepak Khandelwal:  
It is around INR1,200 crores roughly. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay and how do we see this going forward over the next one to two years? 
Deepak Khandelwal:  
This is going to remain by and large the same level and any requirement of credit, we will use 
other credit period forms like RXIL, VFS for making the payments and we are promoting the 
same inside our company. 
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Gursidak Singh from Prudent Equity. 
Gursidak Singh: 
I wanted to know what was the reason for de-growth in our strongest quarter? This quarter the 
revenue de-growth? 
Randeep Narang:  
So, if you would recall and if you know the last quarter call, Q3 call, we had improved our 
guidance for the year from 25% to 27%. Now we actually have achieved 30%. So, we knew 
what would Q4 look like because almost 20 projects we completed in December and all the new 
projects are in startup phase of design, engineering, approvals.  
So, this was known. We have met our annual guidance of 30%. We met our EBITDA guidance 
of between 11.5% to 12%. So Q4 was known to us because we had a very positive and heavy 
Q2 and Q3. See, every project is different, the cycle of execution is different and some are in the 
execution phase, some are in the closure phase. So, knowing this, we kept our guidance at 25% 
but bettered it to 30%. Of course, there were some supply chain disruptions and global economic 
changes and disruptions in February and in March, which also hampered some revenue which 
got delayed and postponed to this year. 
Gursidak Singh: 
So, do we expect better revenue performance from this point onwards and better execution 
considering all of the issues that are coming in? 
Randeep Narang: 
So, we believe that full year we will do 20% to 22% growth, which is good and we are confident 
that the execution cycle will remain. The first quarter will be stable too. That's what we expect. 
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Raj Sarraf from Finvestors.  

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Raj Sarraf:  
My question is on the EBITDA margin only. What we can see that we are growing at the revenue 
front and even we have now the capex online in coming months, while our margins are dropping 
from 13% to 12% or 11.9% and now you are guiding for 11%. So how to look at that? 
Randeep Narang:  
Sir, firstly we gave a guidance of 11.5% to 12% last year. There was no 13% guidance and 
within the 11.5% to 12%, we achieved 11.9%. Therefore, we met our commitment and guidance. 
Now for the year FY27, as you yourself know, there are changes in the geopolitical environment, 
the Gulf situation and there are cost escalations globally.  
Keeping due prudence and caution, we have given a guidance around 11% and if things stabilize 
and situation changes, we see an upside going forward. So, we have not changed our guidance 
since we looked at 1.5 years ago. In fact, we are the best in terms of the margins in the industry 
or one of the best, and therefore you should look at it from that perspective. 
Raj Sarraf: 
Okay you've not given guidance, sir. I was going through the presentation. So, in FY25, we are 
having 12.7% and FY26 is 11.9%. The trajectory is going down  
Randeep Narang: 
Don’t look at the quarter numbers but look at the annual numbers. 
Raj Sarraf: 
Sir, annual, I'm talking about annual numbers only, sir? 
Randeep Narang: 
So last year's guidance was 11.5% to 12% and that's what we have done. If it is higher than that, 
that's an upside. 
Raj Sarraf: 
I am going through the presentation, the consolidated figure on presentation, page number 14. 
Randeep Narang: 
Yes, I am aware of that but last year's guidance, if you see, was 11.5% to 12%. It depends on the 
nature of the project, the kind of project, the geography of the project, the margin of the project. 
So, it cannot be treated apple-to-apple, year-to-year. 
Raj Sarraf: 
Okay, so we take that 11% margin for FY27. 
Randeep Narang: 
Yes. Which is again one of the good margin profiles in the industry. 
Raj Sarraf: 
On 20% growth, sir, there is hardly any PAT growth if I can just calculate around? 
Randeep Narang: 
I mean, the growth on 20% revenue, the PAT growth will proportionately go up. You're saying 
from this year in terms of the margin profile and the next year versus the margin profile. Yes, it 
will be in proportion. Obviously, it will be growing for sure and if things improve globally and 
situation improves, we will look at better margin profiles. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors.  
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Hi, good evening, sir. First of all, congratulations on good numbers. 
Randeep Narang: 
Thank you.  

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Even we are achieving that 13% margin in few quarters, but you insisted on sticking to 11.5% 
to 12% from the Q1 itself, you achieved that one. And also, revenue guidance achieved. So, for 
coming to this FY27, sir, so you guided for 20% growth and 11% EBITDA margins. And one 
thing I think we slightly missed is the order intake in the FY26. We were expecting INR10,000 
crores to around INR10,000 crores but we slightly missed that one. So how do you think this 
order inflow and is there any potential for revenue and margins uptick rather in addition to the 
guidance which you given? 
Randeep Narang: 
Okay, so that's a good question. So, against INR10,000 crores, we did INR8,520 crores new 
order intake. There were some orders which we had bid which the orders have not opened and 
gotten postponed to quarter one. So, we are very close to our guidance and definitely we'll catch 
up. This year guidance is INR10,000 crores to INR11,000 crores for new orders to come in, 
which we are confident that within domestic, international, and all our four business verticals, 
we will achieve that. 
 
So from our order intake, we have a two-year visibility of order book to revenue and we are 
comfortable that our guidance on revenue growth of 20% to 22% will happen because we have 
those orders in hand and we have a full 11.5 months, I would say, or 10.5 months of runway to 
book new orders. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay, good, sir. So lastly on this Bangladesh project, I think maybe we would have completed 
or we are at the end of the completion. If you can share that status and one more thing is this 
downside in the Q4 numbers, is it a structural or you told that it's project completion, so how do 
we see going forward this quarterly uptick and downtick? So, is it a good way to look at it 
annually or how do we see? 
Randeep Narang: 
So, you're right, I'll answer your second question first. Please look at the annual growth. We 
promised 25% last year, we did 30%. This year we're talking about 20% to 22% and definitely 
look at annualized growth commitments and guidance. On Bangladesh, we have done very well. 
Phase 1 is completed; Phase 2 will get completed in the next three to four months and we are 
very confident on the execution piece. 
 
The Bangladesh project we will try to close in the next six months. So that is positive. On overall 
quarter-on-quarter basis, we will try to achieve based on the project life cycle, project ability in 
terms of which phase it is, startup phase, middle phase, or execution phase, we will deliver the 
Q-on-Q numbers. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mangesh Bhadang from Avvashya 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Couple of questions from my side. First is bookkeeping question. So out of the total interest cost, 
how much was the LC discounting charges and with the reduction in working capital, can we 
see some decline in that going forward? 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Deepak Khandelwal:  
Yes, LC discounting charges overall including the interest they remain around 8.5% to 9%. But 
industry is maturing a lot and we are expecting there is going to be a reduction of 50 basis point 
to 100 basis point during the next year. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
If you can quantify how much was it in this year, FY '26, out of the INR210 odd crores of finance 
cost? 
Deepak Khandelwal:  
It is roughly INR40 crores to INR50 crores. Exact figures you can collect from my investor 
relations team. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay. The second question was basically largely on the order inflow expectation that we have. 
So, we have seen lot of road EPC companies also participating in T&D contracts. So, have you 
seen any increase in competition which may impact our margins going forward? 
Randeep Narang: 
So of course, when there is opportunity and the way the market potential and the government 
expansion plans are there, that will attract more competition for sure. But please understand that 
we are in the top three, four EPC players in this business. We have all the PQs, we have backup 
of our factories, backward integration, our own conductors, which most of our new competition 
doesn't have. 
 
So, we are well placed in PQs globally. Yes, there will be competition intensity, but we are not 
looking at revenue growth without perfectly good margins. The market is big enough for us to 
pick and choose our spots. So, to answer your question, we will not compromise on margin if 
we are having new competitors. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Thanks a lot and a very well done on the balance sheet as well as cash flow side this year. 
Randeep Narang: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
We take the next question from the line of Anshul Jethi from LKP Securities Limited. 
Anshul Jethi: 
First of all, congratulations on meeting the numbers pretty much you had guided in the last 
quarters. So, my first question is there is a reduction in our margin guidance for FY'27 owing to 
the situations on the globe and commodity prices acting higher as well. Just wanted a bit of 
clarity. Could you quantify the bid pipeline internationally and the domestic part as well, with 
the ongoing situation around the globe, has there been any delays in the bidding process? 
Randeep Narang: 
So actually, you have asked a very good question. The bidding pipeline has actually not 
diminished and we are very happy at least the India bidding pipeline as per government 
announcement is very good. We're looking at INR80,000 crores to INR1,00,000 crores of new 
opportunity potential where we can participate. Even internationally, the bid pipeline, though 
less, is around INR50,000 odd crores has not diminished and therefore, the demand part of the 
global economy and Indian economy is good. 
 
The part which you yourself mentioned, the supply chain today because of global disruption is 
in a, I can't call it a disarray, but there have been delays in supplies and therefore everything 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
does get delayed because of the disruption in supply chain, whether it's logistics or it is backward 
integration, supply chain, material management, etc. So, demand is strong. Now how do we 
manage this supply balance and make it stable is the manner in which we are working on. 
Anshul Jethi: 
Next, it's a bit bookkeeping question. Could you quantify the figure of Africa orders as of March 
31st, 2026 and Bangladesh orders as well? 
Randeep Narang: 
So, I can answer this right away. We have Bangladesh orders which is approximately 3% to 4% 
of our INR16,000 crores order book. We've executed most of it and Africa orders will be 
approximately 20% of the global order book. 
Anshul Jethi: 
What's the segmental revenue breakup for the whole year in your segments? 
Randeep Narang: 
Come again, please. 
Anshul Jethi: 
The segmental revenue breakup for FY26 in power, civil, and railways? 
Randeep Narang: 
Domestic  is approximately 50% and our international revenue is also close to 50%. So that is 
the pretty much close split we have. 
Anshul Jethi: 
I am asking for the breakup between power segment revenue and civil and railway segment 
revenues for FY26. 
Randeep Narang: 
Oh, it is around 90% is Power T&D and the rest 10% is our other businesses? 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Varun Bahl from Ploutos Investment. 
Varun Bahl: 
I know you have been sticking with your guidance of around 20% to 22%. Historically, we've 
been growing at 30% plus and we have a clear order book. Why the slight slowdown?  We really 
appreciate the growth that we have seen over the last five years, but why this year a reduced 
guidance? 
Randeep Narang: 
See, guidance depends on the kind of project you have, the geography you have, and when you 
are a EPC company (engineering, procurement and construction) your procurement and 
construction plays a huge role in execution and the growth. If your procurement pipeline which 
is supply chain pipeline gets delayed or disrupted, there will be an impact on the execution 
construction. 
 
So, as I've been mentioning on the call, that today the geopolitical situation is delaying things, it 
is uncertain and our guidance therefore is 20% and if things improve, we will definitely improve 
it to 22% and more. But at this point of time, a prudent and practical company, we would prefer 
to be fair and clear about our guidance. 
Varun Bahl: 
Understood and appreciated, sir. Would you see a rebound in growth levels in the next year if 
things tend to fall back to normal? 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Randeep Narang: 
Of course, even H2 of next year, obviously we have a order book, we want to garner new orders 
worth INR10,000 crores to INR12,000 crores. So, we are definitely looking at growth and our 
three-year horizon vision and our planning exercise is complete and definitely we would like to 
grow at a trot of 20% to 25%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Firstly just in continuation to the earlier participant, taking into account the current geopolitical 
setup, the vagaries of the industries as a whole, what is it in the likelihood that Transrail would 
be exhibiting in terms of revenue growth and how should we model in our EBITDA margin 
trajectory for the current financial year? 
Randeep Narang: 
So as already mentioned in our earlier questions, we're looking at order book of INR16,000 plus 
crores and new orders of another INR10,000 crores to INR11,000 crores. So therefore, we are 
also hopeful that some of these orders come in early part of this year. 20% to 22% growth and 
the base has become bigger now at INR6,880 crores is a good number to grow, which is again 
as a guidance one of the better guidance’s or top-level guidance within the T&D industry. 
 
EBITDA, as I mentioned, we have promised a level of 11.5% to 12% last year and we can't 
compare it to the previous year because the nature and the type of projects is different. Today, 
as I explained, with the supply chain disruptions, delays in supply chain, understanding the 
financial energy price increases, inflation, we believe that around 11% is a good number to go 
forward and if things improve, obviously this will improve. So, I hope that answers your 
question. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, revenue growth of 20% and EBITDA margin trajectory of 11%. That is what the summary 
substance which you hold? 
Randeep Narang: 
Yes, yes. Which is again in the line of very let's say top profile of guidance amongst other leading 
companies. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Now to coming to some of the pain points particularly with the availability of labour and now 
with labour issues also affecting performance for many companies who are dependent on them. 
Sir, how are you pencilling in the availability and the employee cost ranging going ahead? And 
secondly, sir, with reference to the metal prices, how are we protecting our margins on that front? 
Randeep Narang: 
So, as we mentioned to you, the labour piece we are diversified in four, five verticals between 
domestic and international and T&D is our major growth driver with civil and poles and 
railways. Now each segment has a different labour profile. Obviously, there is a demand and 
supply issue, there could be delays in labour coming and going depending on their requirement 
and need. 
 
So, we are managing it prudently. We feel that we will be able to execute the revenue growth 
and the labour management we have separate teams and focus, so we are confident that this will 
not be a impediment in execution for us. Your second question on managing the inflation on the 
cost increases in different facets including commodities, the guidance given also has kept that 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
in mind as to what could be the trends and therefore the guidance has been pruned down to make 
it more practical and doable. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Evacuation has been a major headwind for EPC players in terms of laying down of transmission 
lines have not been matched with the work done in terms of laying of poles and other ecosystem. 
 
So how are we coping up with now a supply of our tower and erection going ahead wherein the 
transmission lines are still not set up? I'm talking about the renewable space which has faced the 
headwind over the last financial year. 
Randeep Narang: 
We'll simplify this question. Transmission towers are required for erection, stringing, and 
completion of line. We have jobs from renewable companies and from other central utilities. So, 
we have a fixed timeline to execute and they support us in managing the right of way. So, there 
could be delays if right of ways are not handled on time, but we as a company are committed to 
support our central utilities and all our private clients in India and to expedite the project based 
on their requirement. 
 
So, we see that this is a natural way of a EPC company in this business and we've been here for 
42 years. So, it is not something new and which we get worried about. And obviously when 
there is a need to move faster when there is opportunity to do more productivity, we do that. So, 
we don't see as a impediment, it's a way of life in our DNA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ishita Lodha from SVAN Investments.  
Ishita Lodha: 
Are we looking at any opportunity from the State Electricity Board that they are going to get 
into TBCB awarding now? 
Randeep Narang: 
We know that State Electricity Boards are looking at the TBCB route. We have so far not used 
that as opportunity. Our percentage of jobs with state utilities is fairly low, 3% to 4%. We 
therefore will look at the opportunity, look at the risk matrix, and then decide. So far, we have 
not bid. 
Ishita Lodha: 
Okay. So, in the upcoming bid pipeline of INR1,00,000 crores in domestic market, so the portion 
of SEBs is only 3% to 4%? 
Randeep Narang: 
No. My share of revenue today is 3% to 4%. There could be 20% opportunity, but we are or we 
may participate, we will decide based on the risk matrix of that job, that geography, the terrain, 
and how can we achieve the timelines of execution of that job. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pratham Sharma from Choice Equity Broking. 
Pratham Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question was when the original INR520 crores Phase 1 
and Phase 2 capex was announced, it was presented that it would take our tower capacity to 
1,96,000 metric tons and conductor to 49,500 kilometres. 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
And now since the new additional INR203 crores capex has been announced, so is any portion 
of this new capex going towards the completion of original guided manufacturing capacity 
targets or is it purely for site construction equipment? 
Randeep Narang: 
So good, you have asked this question, I'd love to clarify. The capex for FY27-28 is only for 
construction equipment and some old machinery. Whatever capex was approved earlier, we are 
using that for the new Butibori plant and the brownfield expansion, which will happen to 
1,96,000 by Q2 of this year. And for the conductor plant, we will double the capacity by Q2 or 
Q3 of this financial year. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Jeet Jhaveri from Waya Financial Technologies 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jeet Jhaveri: 
Can you guide us on how cash flows would look like for the next year? What kind of CFO/ 
EBITDA or CFO/PAT conversion can you expect? 
Deepak Khandelwal: 
So, cash flow will continue to improve. This year cash flow from operation is INR816 crores 
compared to last year of INR415 crores. So, we are working very tight on the working capital 
and we will see the further improvement in the same. 
Jeet Jhaveri: 
Do you have any guidance on revenue or EBITDA for Q1? 
Randeep Narang: 
See, we normally don't give a breakup of guidance, we give it annualized. So, if you look at the 
annualized guidance, you can assume the similar thing happening for Q1. But as I mentioned to 
you, you can't look at it quarter-on-quarter. So, we would not like to give a guidance, but please 
look at the annual guidance of 20% to 22% growth and the EBITDA of 11%. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Atharva, an Individual Investor. 
Atharva: 
So, in this quarter, the rise in cost of materials consumed as a percentage of revenue from 
operations was sharp. So just wanted to know how are our contracts for raw materials 
procurement and with customers or projects structured with respect to price escalations? Will 
we be able to pass these costs to our customers to protect our margins eventually if current 
geopolitical scenario persists longer? 
Randeep Narang: 
So, it's a good question in line with what I've been answering. So around 30% to 35% of our 
customers are with price variation, which means that we can pass through these price increases. 
We also have looked at the overall order execution pipeline, the revenue pipeline, and the cost 
thereof and if you see, we've been very prudent and practical in our guidance on EBITDA. So, 
all this has been planned and wherever we see escalation has been covered up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, as you mentioned that quarter-on-quarter numbers are not the right representation, but when 
we look at our March quarter performance on a consolidated level in comparison to the 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
December quarter, if you could just explain to us what are the factors that has led to the lower 
profitability on a consolidated basis from December '25 to March '26? 
Randeep Narang: 
See, as I mentioned to you, if you remember in the first part of that call, we finished 20 projects 
by December and the balance projects were in mid-execution phase and startup phase. Some of 
the good margin projects we finished. So, our business depends on the project cycle, the margin 
cycle, and therefore there has been some closure of projects and some in startup phase. 
So, we knew that, therefore the guidance was given accordingly at 25% and 27% growth, but 
we still did 30%, which means that we bettered our internal planning for Q4. That's an automatic 
corollary to what we showed as guidance. So please appreciate that. 
The second part is, that global disruption and delay in supply chain, the manner in which it has 
happened in March, has delayed things for the execution in March itself and therefore, if revenue 
does not happen, margin doesn't happen. So, there are two factors which I mentioned, the first 
factor being predominantly more important for us. I hope it answers your question. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir, it does. Just a small understanding, then there is deferment of execution that has 
happened for this quarter, and that would be getting executed in the ensuing quarter. And that 
has led to cost overrun also? 
Randeep Narang: 
No, So please understand that there are two parts to it. There is one piece, which is deferment, 
and deferment depends on the delay in supply chain or there could be an issue on the ground in 
terms of right of way not being there and delay in execution at construction level. 
We are very clear that when these delays happen, it may go into a next quarter or the next month, 
we don't know. So therefore, the revenue is not lost, it is postponed. That is the key question you 
should know in an EPC industry. So, I hope you got the answer there. So, it is all deferred and 
it goes forward. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir and last point is on the capital work in progress closing balance of INR65 crores for 
March '26. If you could explain where are the requirement for -- I mean, how will it get 
capitalized and what are the assets where we are investing? The closing balance for FY'25 was 
INR12 crores, so there is a significant increase year-on-year basis. 
Deepak Khandelwal: 
 So basically, this CWIP is pending for capitalization of 1,72,000 to 1,96,000 capacity expansion 
in tower, and similarly the part of execution at site is taking place for the conductor expansion, 
which is from 24,000 kilometres to 49,500 kilometres. So once those are going to be at site, this 
CWIP will be capitalized. 
Saket Kapoor: 
When are we expecting that? 
Deepak Khandelwal: 
So, we are expecting in Q2 FY27, both the pending capex will be completed. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arun Kharbanda with ABDS Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Arun Kharbanda: 
So, as you have said and as it is, in the presentation, you've grown 3x in the last five years. Do 
you think that's the trajectory that we can expect for the next five years as well? 
Randeep Narang:  
Well, the market potential is there. The growth percentage is difficult to predict, but definitely 
20% to 25% is what we feel is a doable number as we as our market revenue grows and our 
order intake grows.  
We are building capability, we are building in the teams, and we building in strengths as we go 
along to look at the next three-year growth plans and we have already made our annual operating 
plan and vision plan for three years. 
Arun Kharbanda:  
Okay, fair point. For the three-year plan that you're mentioning, do you see the profitability 
maintained at the 11% to 12% percentage that you have? 
Randeep Narang:  
On a steady state, yes, definitely around 11% is what we target and of course, depends on how 
the global market and geopolitical situation and supply chain emerges. But in the near term, one 
to two years, yes, absolutely possible. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from Pratham Sharma with Choice Equity Broking.  
Pratham Sharma:  
It is a bookkeeping question, In other current financial liabilities, there is a line item for 
employee liabilities. Could you please understand what it comprises of?  
Deepak Khandelwal:  
I’ll come back to this question, give me a moment. We will respond through the investor 
relations team about it. So, you may send a question to the team.  
Pratham Sharma:  
Sure. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gursidak Singh from Prudent Equity.  
Gursidak Singh:  
I wanted to know are you facing any issues in terms of labour and any cost escalation from there 
or in terms of any disruption in your work from shortage of labour or anything else? 
Randeep Narang:  
So, this question is a demand-supply question. With the infrastructure boom in India and the 
number of jobs and the government expenditure planned, obviously labour is in X amount 
available and therefore you have to have the loyal incentive programs for such labour to make 
sure that they stick with you.  
So, we have set up training and loyalty programs to keep our labour with us. Yes, it's a challenge, 
I cannot deny that. But we have to make sure that with the size and scale of the number of jobs 
you have, you have to have adequate labour available. We are doing that effectively. Yes, there 
is a challenge on more demand and less supply, but we are managing it.  
Gursidak Singh:  
Okay and you've mentioned that, you can pass through whatever price variation that comes 
along, but there must be a time delay in the contracts as well, right? What is the time delay type?  

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Randeep Narang:  
No, no. Pass-throughs are for price variation contracts. Time delays on account of the client for 
managing right of way, forest clearances, statutory clearances always is on account of the client.  
And if there is a client delay, he will give you extension, EOT, extension of time. So therefore, 
we are not worried about that and we are there with our equipment, tools, tackles, and people to 
execute. But if there are delays which the client is handling, then he will give us time extension. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prit Nagersheth with Wealth Finvisor.  
Prit Nagersheth:  
I had one question on the debt- that your net debt— what would be your net deb? I just joined 
the call, I may have missed an update.  
Deepak Khandelwal:  
So, it is INR274.16 crores. If we exclude the IPO fund, then it comes down to INR181.37 crores. 
Prit Nagersheth:  
But your interest payment for the full year is close to INR220 crores. So that kind of seems that 
the capital on which you're paying this interest would be at least INR2,000 crores odd, right? So 
where is that rest of the amount? Is that all working capital tied up?  
Deepak Khandelwal:  
Basically, we have the WCDL loans and other loans for whole of the year to the range of INR500 
crores to INR550 crores and then our exposure to LC is around INR1,200 crores to INR1,300 
crores on an average.  
So, on LC payment and including this WCDL exposure with CC, it comes to the INR200 crores 
odd. Plus, we are having exposure to RXIL. So, this net debt also has come down from INR502 
crores to INR274 crores.  
Prit Nagersheth:  
The other question I had was on the tax payment, sir. There is a 29% tax payment done this year. 
Normal tax rate is 25%. So why is there a higher amount here? 
Deepak Khandelwal:  
It is the timing difference of the expenditure and because of that this it is higher and next year it 
may be lower. 
Prit Nagersheth:  
Given the commodity cost inflation that is out there and clearly that's where the margins may 
come down for this year at least, your coming year. Do you have pass-throughs built into your 
system? How does that work?  
Randeep Narang:  
A pass-through you mean price variation clauses? Yes, we have around 35% odd of our jobs 
have pass-through. 
Prit Nagersheth:  
I see. Okay. So hence you're saying that your margins will come down from 12 % odd to 11 % 
for this next year because you have a pass-through of 35%. That's why, otherwise it would have 
been lower. 
Randeep Narang:  
Yes, that also and we have anticipated what would be the demand-supply situation, the 
disruption situation, and we have prudent and practically, I think you were not on the call when 
I mentioned this, that we've been practical and given a fair guidance in terms of the margin 
profile for this coming year FY'27. 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Prit Nagersheth:  
Right. Got it. Because this 11% profile that you're giving goes back now to the March '22, one 
of your lower profiles, and it's clearly based on commodity inflation. So, and it's prudent for sure 
for now and we would hope that over time this improves. 
Randeep Narang:  
It will improve if the geopolitical global situation and supply chain improves, definitely will and 
can be done. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The last question comes from the line of Khusboo Gandhi from Ambit Wealth. 
Khusboo Gandhi:  
Thank you for giving me the opportunity. So just two questions from my side. One is that you 
said that in the March because we know that geopolitical tensions and everything is going on, 
do we see the situation being the same right now? Do we see that any of the projects being 
slowed down in the current quarter or two?  
Randeep Narang:  
So, see, as I mentioned to you if you were on the call, the supply chain disruption means there 
are delays in supplies also as we source material from various sub-suppliers, there are delays. 
So that will impact the overall project management cycle. Having said that, the revenue will get 
deferred but there is no loss of revenue or opportunity.  
Khusboo Gandhi:  
What is the current bid pipeline as in the projects which you've bided but we are yet to get the 
result of the same? 
Randeep Narang:  
So, we bid around INR6,000 crores odd in the last year last quarter and we are done around 
planning to do and done around INR10,000 crores in this quarter. So, the bid pipeline is strong 
and we're hoping that we get at least 10% to 12% market share from here. 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Randeep Narang:  
I think it is prudent to summarize some of the factors. With a INR16,000 crores unexecuted 
order book plus a new order intake plan of INR10,000 crores to INR11,000 crores, we feel that 
we have a strong order book to execute our revenue guidance.  
As we mentioned, our EBITDA profile and what we are giving guidance is one of the best in the 
industry and definitely we will endeavour to see that the supply chain disruption reduces and we 
can match and better this.  
Our ROCE, which nobody mentioned on the call, is at 25%, which is one of the best in the 
industry and we'd like to maintain. Our working capital days which we worked very strongly at 
bringing from 91 days to 81 days, we want to further bring it down sub-80.  
So therefore, healthy cash flow, good order bid pipeline, good backward integration, and a good 
order book definitely sees Transrail doing better and guidance being met in the next few years. 
So, thank you very much for your time and that's all from our side. 

 
 
Transrail Lighting Limited 
May 27, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited, that concludes this conference 
call.  
