Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website www.motherson.com 
 
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
 BSE Limited 
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 Dalal Street,  
 Mumbai – 400001, Maharashtra, India  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 517334
Symbol: MOTHERSON 
 
 Ref.:  Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and financial year ended March 
31, 2026 
 
 Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
the Transcript of the earnings call for the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026, for your 
information and records. 
 
The transcript of earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at www.motherson.com. 
 
The above is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com   
 
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed 
by ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2026.05.27 
16:54:46 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited” 
Q4 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 20, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
      
 
 
Management:  
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal,  
Chairman  
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal,  
Director  
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital,  
Whole Time Director and President- SAMIL   
 
Mr. Gandharv Tongia  
Group Chief Financial Officer  
 
Mr. Rajat Jain  
Chief Operating Officer, Vision Systems Business Division 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY26 Results Conference Call, 
hosted by Samvardhana Motherson International Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. V.C. Sehgal from Motherson. Thank you, and 
over to you, Mr. Sehgal. 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and Thank you for joining us in the Quarter 4 and the 
Full Year '26 Financial Year Earnings call of Samvardhana Motherson International 
Limited. FY 26 has been a year of strong execution and steady progress. We delivered our 
highest ever quarterly and annual revenues alongside steady profitability and further 
strengthening of our balance sheet.  
Our performance reflects the resilience of our diversified business model and disciplined 
execution across businesses. These results were achieved despite elevated commodity 
prices, especially copper, inflationary pressures and ongoing geopolitical uncertainties. 
Our continued focus on execution, cost discipline and operational excellence helped us 
navigate these headwinds effectively.  
For the full year FY'26, we maintained capex discipline in line with the guidance, with 
investments largely directed towards future growth and new capabilities. I am pleased 
with further improvement in our leverage position, which now stands at its lowest level. 
Even as we continue to invest in our growth, these provide us with flexibility to support 
future expansion.  
Our book business value of USD 96 billion remains strong and diversified, providing a good 
visibility for the coming year. We are making steady progress on our Vision 2030 road map. 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks. For in-depth details on results, I would request 
and would hand over to Vaaman and team for a walk-through of the business insights. 
Thank you, and over to you, Vaaman. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you, Papa. FY 26 has been another defining year for Motherson. We continue to 
demonstrate the strength of our diversified business model, the resilience of our operating 
structure and our ability to consistently outperform underlying industry growth despite an 
increasingly volatile macroeconomic environment.  
I'm pleased to share that we achieved our highest ever quarterly as well as annual 
revenues during the fourth quarter and the year. These milestones are not only a reflection 
of the strong execution across our businesses, but also validates the strategic direction 
that we have taken over the last several years, building a globally diversified, multi-
technology and increasingly non-automotive platform through our 3CX10 strategy and 
D.E.M.A.L. capabilities.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Starting with the quarterly performance, Q4 FY 26 was our highest ever revenue quarter 
with revenues growing 17% year-on-year. Growth was broad-based across businesses 
and geographies and was further supported by the successful integration and scale-up of 
Atsumitec. What is encouraging for us is that the growth was not dependent on any single 
customer geography platform or technology, but came from the strength of our diversified 
portfolio. 
EBITDA for the quarter grew by 42%. EBITDA margins improved by 200 basis points year-
on-year in the fourth quarter. Margin expansion was supported by improving profitability 
in our emerging businesses, particularly lighting and electronics and also aerospace. Over 
the years, we have consistently communicated that several of our newer businesses 
initially investment heavy, but once scale is achieved, they begin to meaningfully 
contribute to our profitability. FY26 is another example of that strategy translating into 
results. Normalized PAT for Q4 FY 26 grew by 66%, driven primarily by scale-up in 
operations, operating leverage and improving business mix. 
As you are aware, the reported PAT includes exceptional adjustments pertaining to 
provisions made in respect of business transformative measures in Central and Western 
Europe, which amounted to INR 177 Crores post-tax. These measures are aligned with our 
ongoing efforts to optimize our footprint, improve our competitiveness and structurally 
strengthen operations in the region over the medium term. 
For the full year, we crossed another major milestone with annual revenues exceeding INR 
1.25 Lakh Crores, growing by 11% year-on-year. Growth was driven by strong momentum 
in emerging businesses, complemented by resilient performance across our core 
automotive businesses as well. 
FY 26 EBITDA grew by 11%, while margins remained resilient at 9.5% despite significant 
inflationary pressures in the commodities during the year. This demonstrates the 
effectiveness of our operational excellence initiatives, cost optimization programs and 
improving efficiencies across plants, particularly within the modules and polymer 
business. 
Normalized PAT for FY 26 grew by 17%, supported by improved operating performance and 
lower finance costs. The reported PAT for the year includes adjustments related to 
transformative measures in Europe, amounting to INR 328 Crores post tax, the impact of 
the new Labor Code of approximately INR 25 Crores post-tax and accelerated 
amortization of certain intangible assets amounting to around INR 45 Crores post tax. 
Importantly, these results were delivered in a reasonably supportive external 
environment. Passenger vehicle industry growth globally FY 26 is estimated to be around 
2%, primarily driven by emerging markets such as India and China. We also expect 
planned European OEM launches in FY 27 to support passenger vehicle growth going 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
forward. On the commercial vehicle side, the developed markets ended FY 26 positively 
with an estimated annual growth of 5.4%. We continue to remain constructive and bullish 
on the CV outlook for FY 27.  
However, the operating environment was far from easy. Copper prices increased sharply 
by about 16% sequentially during the fourth quarter and were nearly up 38% year-on-year. 
In addition, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East led to crude-linked inflationary 
pressures towards the end of the quarter. Polymer prices in Germany also increased 
significantly following the escalation of the conflict while global freight and container 
costs also moved up meaningfully. 
That said, Motherson’s business model is designed to navigate such cycles. We have long-
term pass-through arrangements with our major customers for raw material price 
variations. While there may be a timing lag of one or two quarters before settlements are 
realized, these mechanisms provide structural protection over the medium term. 
Similarly, our globally local manufacturing strategy continues to be one of our biggest 
strengths. We manufacture in or near the markets we serve, which substantially reduces 
dependence on long-distance supply chains. As a result, disruptions arising from Red Sea 
shipping challenges and broader geopolitical tensions have had minimal impact on our 
operations. For customer nominated components, we also maintain back-to-back supply 
arrangements to mitigate cost escalation risks.  
Coming to the businesses highlights for the year. Our Automotive business division 
achieved an all-time high in revenues supported by strong execution across divisions. 
Detailed divisional performance has been covered in the presentation. But what is 
particularly exciting is the accelerating contribution from businesses built using our 
D.E.M.A.L. platform and capabilities.  
Our consumer electronics business scaled up significantly during the year with revenues 
increasing approximately 7.5x year-on-year. Q4 revenues further grew around 46% 
sequentially, supported by operationalization of the second facility in Q3 FY 26. During Q4, 
we achieved production run rates in line with our targeted annual guidance of 14 million 
to 16 million units. Importantly, the business achieved EBITDA profitability during FY 26, a 
major milestone in our scale-up journey. The third facility remains on track for 
commissioning in the Q3FY27 and will include additional upstream integration 
capabilities, which should support both growth and the margin enhancement.  
Similarly, our Aerospace business continued to demonstrate strong momentum. 
Revenues grew 40% year-on-year, taking the top-line expansion to nearly 10x over the last 
3 years. The order book increased by over 20% to USD1.6 Billion, providing strong term -- 
strong long-term visibilityWe also expanded our product portfolio across multiple 
platforms, securing orders for metallic parts, subassemblies and wire harness across 
business jets and rotary wing aircraft programs. Aerospace remains an excellent example 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
of how our core manufacturing, engineering and system integration capabilities can be 
leveraged beyond automotive into high-value adjacencies.  
On the inorganic growth front, we continue to deepen our relationships with global OEMs 
and strategic partners. FY 26 marked the full first year of Atsumitec integration and we are 
pleased with the progress. We also completed the acquisition of another Honda San 
asset, further strengthening our strategic relationship with that customer group. The 
acquisition of Yutaka Giken will mark our third Honda San related acquisition and remains 
on track for completion by the end of first half FY 27.  
The proposed acquisition of Nexon’s automotive harness business will also significantly 
enhance our passenger vehicle and commercial vehicle wiring harness capabilities 
globally, deepen relationships with large OEMs and create meaningful cross-selling 
opportunities for the group. 
In logistics, our partnership with Hellmann represents another big strategic step allowing 
us to evolve from 3PL to 4PL capabilities and provide increasingly integrated solutions to 
customers. Before we move ahead, I would now like to invite Gandharv to take you through 
some of the key financial highlights and performance metrics for the quarter and the year. 
Over to you, Gandharv. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you, Vaaman. Another major highlight for the year was our all-time high book 
business of USD 96 Billion. This gives us strong visibility for future growth. Around 22% of 
the book business comes from EV programs, while non-automotive contributes around 
3% and continues to grow steadily.  
Importantly, the book business remains highly diversified across passenger vehicles, 
commercial vehicles, off-highway, rolling stock, 2-wheelers and other segments. It is also 
diversified across geographies and business divisions with a growing share of higher-
margin businesses expected over time.  
Emerging economies continue to increase their contribution within the order book. These 
geographies not only offer superior growth potential, but also provide efficient 
manufacturing ecosystem that can support exports to adjacent developed markets under 
our globally local strategy.  
Another key enabler of our long-term growth continues to be sustained investment in 
capex. Fiscal '26 capex stood at INR 5,911 Crores, representing 49% of yearly EBITDA. 
Investments were directed towards growth projects, backward integration and 
maintenance initiatives aimed at supporting future expansion and improving profitability. 
For FY27, we expect capex of approximately INR 6,000 Crores plus/minus 10%, of this 50% 
will be growth capex and 50% maintenance capex. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Within growth capex, we will continue to allocate disproportionately higher investment 
towards emerging businesses, especially consumer electronics, where we see 
substantial long-term opportunity. Currently, 16 facilities are at various stages of 
development globally, with 13 scheduled to come on stream during fiscal '27.  
We also announced 4 new facilities post last update, 2 for wiring harness and 2 for 
logistics business. Notably, all 16 facilities currently under development are located in 
emerging markets, reflecting our continued focus on these fast-growing manufacturing 
and consumption hubs. 
Despite continuous investment in growth, our leverage ratio improved further and reached 
an all-time low of 0.8x. This remains well within our long-standing financial policy of 
maintaining leverage below 2.5x and our internal aspiration of staying below 1.5x. This 
reflects the financial discipline embedded within the organization.  
ROCE, return on capital employed moderated slightly to 16.1% this year from 17.2% in the 
previous year, largely reflecting record capex investments towards capacity creation and 
future growth platforms. As scale improves, synergies from acquisitions are realized, 
backward integration increases and operational efficiencies continue to strengthen, we 
expect ROCE to progressively improve.  
We remain committed to our Vision 2030 aspiration of achieving 40% ROCE across 
businesses over time. Our diversification strategy under 3CX10 also continues to 
strengthen risk management capabilities. Diversification across customers, geographies 
and components remains one of the biggest structural strengths of Motherson.  
Overall, FY26 has been a very strong year for the Company. Gross revenues stood at USD 
22.9 Billion. As FY 26 marks the first year under Vision 2030, FY 25 revenue have been 
reinstated to USD 21.2 Billion using a constant exchange rate of INR 84.55 by per USD in 
line with the Vision 2030 reporting methodology to ensure better comparability across 
periods. 
We continue to move steadily towards our Vision 2030 aspiration of reaching USD 108 
billion in gross revenues, while simultaneously improving diversification, strengthening 
returns and maintaining financial discipline. In line with this progress, the Board has 
approved a final dividend of INR 0.25 per share, taking the total FY 26 dividend to INR 0.60 
per share.  
This translates into a payout ratio of 16.4%, an improvement of approximately 1% over 
fiscal '25 and reflects our commitment towards progressively moving closer to our Vision 
2030 dividend payout aspiration of up to 40%. As we look ahead, we remain very positive 
about Motherson's growth prospects, supported by increasing content per vehicle, 
electrification, electronic integration and supply chain localization trends.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Backed by our deep OEM relationships, diversified technology portfolio, global footprint 
and our proven D.E.M.A.L. capabilities, we will continue scaling both automotive and non-
automotive businesses, while maintaining strong financial discipline and operational 
excellence. We are fully charged up and excited about the opportunities ahead as we 
continue building a stronger, more diversified and future-ready Motherson. Thank you and 
we will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take 
our first question from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Congratulations on strong numbers to the entire team and thank you so much for sharing 
the segment-wise geography breakup along with the results. My first question was on 
integrated assemblies. Can you talk a bit directionally about the outlook for FY 27? You 
have highlighted 2x new program launches in comparison to '26, would that mean that this 
segment can have a strong growth in double-digits, high-teens for next year? 
V.C. Sehgal: 
Go ahead, Vaaman. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. Look, I think it was very important year for MSAS. I think you've seen that Motherson 
has very strong capability in integrating large sized acquisitions and, of course, you can 
see the hard work done by the entire MSAS team and how they've been able to, of course, 
leverage on Motherson ecosystem and our customer relationships , our purchasing and 
the entire ability to look into more opportunities of growth within the customer group. 
So look, we are extremely pleased. I think Frederic and the team have done a fantastic job 
over there. They have really looked at all the places where we had leakages in terms of 
small red units and converted those, work closely with the customers winning new 
programs and also diversifying the base and bringing different product groups also in with 
meaningful discussions.  
So definitely, we see growth to happen this year as well. Of course, it all depends on how 
many cars the customers sell. That's not in our control. But I think in terms of program 
wins and where we are looking at in terms of diversification of the things that they are doing 
and the growth opportunities, we should definitely see meaningful growth come in MSAS. 
Of course, I can't guide you exactly on the numbers because, like I said, a lot depends on 
the customer sales that happens since they are completely correlated to that. But we're 
extremely hopeful and positive that they will continue to grow from here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Joseph George from IIFL Capital. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Joseph George: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I had three questions. I'll take them one by one. The first 
question is on the cost increases that you highlighted. So, for example, overheads going 
up, energy costs, polymer prices going up, etcetera. So from the past, I recall that during 
the Russia-Ukraine crisis, when the same thing had happened, gas prices, polymer prices, 
etcetera, had shot up, there was a lag in getting the pass-throughs from the customers. 
And if I recall right, while copper is contractually arranged in terms of the pass-through 
overheads and costs such as polymers etcetera, are negotiated. Can you please help us 
understand what the situation is now? Is it contractual with respect to these overheads 
and polymer or is it negotiated? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, it depends on customer to customer. There is a mix of both, because all customers 
follow their own styles. And definitely, the partnership with the customers is only getting 
stronger with the volatility and everything that there is in the market because they want 
meaningful supplier partnerships and no one is really looking to pull each other under the 
table just because of one macroeconomic event, which benefits one over the other.  
So, I think in times like this, the partnership and the things that are the relationships that 
we have with our customers really comes to the front. As you know, we have done 
numerous acquisitions, turned around companies for them, entered new products and 
they also understand that there are some things that are out of our control.  
So yes, in some customers, there definitely is a lag. Some customers follow the contracted 
approach. But there are always meaningful conversations to be had, and there is definitely 
a lag also that happens depending on the commodity. But if you remember, even through 
the entire year, we were also putting a lot of reorganization kind of measures in and driving 
operational efficiencies and also trying to reduce some of our red units. 
And we've also had a very strong order book win. So, a lot of those things are all playing 
off. Some of the new units have also launched, which are now taking businesses. So those 
fixed costs are being covered. So, it's a combination of all those things that you're seeing 
that strong performance has led to and definitely a lot is to do with close communication 
and relationship management with our customers. 
Joseph George: 
A couple of other questions. One is when is the Nexon’s deal going to be completed and 
when will we start booking revenues? 
Pankaj Mital: 
This is Pankaj here. We expect the closure sometime in the end of June, beginning of July. 
And that's the time when it should get consolidated with the regulatory approvals being in 
place. Some of them are currently in progress, so that's our expected timing. 
Joseph George: 
Sure. Thanks. And the last one that I had was when we look world over, we are seeing that 
yields are going up across the board. So want to understand your debt, is it protected from 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
short-term spike in yields or will we - or should we account for higher interest costs going 
forward? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, we have a combination of both fixed and floating. It's a diversified portfolio. To a certain 
extent, it's protected and for the balance, it's a conscious call which we have exercised. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
But I think Gandharv at the same time, the net debt to EBITDA is probably at the lowest 
level that we have seen, even though we have had the strongest capex outflow. So, I think 
we will continue to reduce this number going in the year. So, wherever it is unfavorable or 
moving in that direction, with the cash flow generation that we are doing, we will have a 
significant opportunity to actually pay that out through our positive cash flow. 
Joseph George: 
Thank you. That’s all I had. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kapil Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Kapil Singh: 
Good evening, sir and congratulations on a very good performance. My question was on 
consumer electronics division. I think the next plant will open in  Q3FY27. So just wanted 
to understand what is the utilization level currently and how the revenues will pace here? 
Also, when I look at the top customers, consumer electronics customers are not reflecting 
in that list. So, have we included those customers also or where are they? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. So I'll take some of it and Gandharv will probably support me on this. Look, the third 
plant utilization is zero right now because it's in start-up phase and then you will do the 
testing prototypes and all of that and that's when it will really come up, like I said. And once 
it comes up, actually, the timing is - it goes very fast. So, unlike automotive, which takes a 
couple of quarters to ramp up or a year or so also to reach the highest volumes, on the 
consumer electronics side, when the order starts, it really comes at full-fledged levels. So, 
the timing that we've given you, that's when it will come up and the utilization will go 
significantly higher at that time. 
Right now, it's the smaller units, GF1 and GF2 which we are using, which are almost 
practically fully used up in what we are doing. So, the meaningful kick will come as soon 
as the third plant is operational and takes on revenues. And then you will see those 
numbers as they come because the order book for that only comes immediately before 
the program kicks off. That's when we get the full visibility. But we think that it will be at 
very, very good levels better than or as we budgeted for it for what the construction that 
we have made. So overall, extremely positive on that aspect. And I think that this will really 
contribute significantly and on the orders, on the customer split, Gandharv, this still fits in 
other segment. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
That's right. This particular customer is included in others and just to support what 
Vaaman rightly mentioned, between GF1 and GF2, our annualized production guidance 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
was around 14 million to 16 million units and which is what we have already achieved in 
the fourth quarter of the year gone by. And from third quarter of the current fiscal, we 
should be able to see GF3 going into the stream. And from there, we should be able to take 
the growth level to the next level as far as this particular business is concerned. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure. Sir this top 20 customers includes all divisions or it includes only automotive? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
All divisions. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. So, there is no consumer electronics customer in top 20? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
And we are not also allowed to talk about a few of those customers and those names have 
not been included in the reporting. 
Kapil Singh: 
Secondly, just on the restructuring, can you give us an update what percentage of the 
restructuring is complete? Should we expect more benefits to come through going ahead 
or are we already seeing most of the benefits? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Are you talking about the European one that we spoke about. Is that the one that you're 
talking about? 
Kapil Singh: 
Yes. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. Look, I think a big chunk of it is done. Of course, you're seeing the situation that is 
happening in Europe and a lot of macroeconomic issues continue to plague the region 
where volumes growth are not as meaningful as we have expected in the past, but yet 
Motherson continues to grow through acquisitions and increase in, let's say, the value 
content that is going up.  
But yes, I think we definitely do see more possibility for us to restructure operations. And I 
think we will also continue to acquire operations and resize them to make them perfect. 
So, as you can see, we have significant headroom for acquisitions. All the acquisitions that 
we have done have been integrated really well. You can see the performance of that.  
That is what's leading to record top line for us and also the holding of the margins because 
we brought this diversification and all the businesses in. And I think the customers will 
continue to look at us for solutions. And at that time, more resizing will be required 
because that is why those assets have come into problems, right?  
So, from that sense, I think we are operating at a fairly strong base. We will further drive 
efficiencies in our business, but the more meaningful volume growth will definitely come 
from acquisitions that we envisage will comejust like they have in the last few years. And 
when they come, they will come in quite a bundled manner. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And finally, just one question on EVs. It's 22% of order book. Can we also get an idea 
of what percentage of revenues are EVs currently and will most of the ramp-up in revenues 
now come from EVs given the scale of order book? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
No, not at all. I think the revenue component is 11% around that. But look, the split - well 
first, I want to say that, look, we are engine agnostic in the sense that we are not really 
doing too much parts, which is directly impacted. We are able to support those variants 
that are both EV and non-EV.  
That's the majority of the business, even though we have done some strategic acquisitions 
to start looking at that, but the majority of the business is still hugely agnostic to what the 
powertrain is. The customers moving forward into only an electric kind of a mindset,  have 
now shifted and said that they will move in all kind of powertrains. I'm generalizing, but 
they will offer all solutions. They will also offer ICE. They will also offer electric and they 
will also offer hybrid -- really to tell you what models get picked up, that's really dependent 
on the customer preference, how much the governments are supporting, what is being 
sold by the dealerships. 
But we are fully capable to supply the variants of our interiors, exteriors, wiring harness, 
plastic parts, mirrors. I mean all of these relatively can be picked up depending on what 
the customer pulls from us. So that will only be determined when the volumes is actually 
picked up  by the customers.  
But we do not envisage a huge shift happening in a short period of time. Surely, electric is 
growing in the portfolio, although it keeps moving up and down and has volatility. But we 
believe that the market will never be so that it will only be electric or something like that. 
There are horses for courses.  
Different markets will have ICE dominated different markets will move towards hybrids, 
different markets for example, China are already dominating electric. So, there's no 
generalization to be had. It will all depend on how the market pulls and what the 
government support is and again what the customers' preferences are. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you Sir, for all the detailed answers and best wishes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes. Hi, good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Just a few clarifications. In your 
breakup of emerging businesses, if I look at lighting and electronics and I'm assuming that 
consumer electronics is part of that. Despite the very sharp uptick in consumer 
electronics, the revenue growth in lighting and electronics is just about, say, 30%. So, is it 
fair to say that the lighting business has had a fairly tepid year or am I over estimating the 
impact of consumer electronics here? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
I think lighting and electronics definitely had a very strong year. I mean, I think, again, 
you're not seeing that meaningful rise because GF3 is still to come up. As soon as GF3 
comes up, you have to understand that GF1 and GF2 are minute size compared to what 
we are building at GF3. GF3 is the largest facility that we will have in Motherson. It's a size 
of 33 football fields that is going to come into commission. So that -- I think you should 
really look at this number next year. And then you will see the real impact of the electronics 
business that comes on stream. On top of that, I think we are doing numerous more 
initiatives.  
You've seen some releases also about Motherson Electronics, where we are looking to do 
our own PCBAs, our SMT lines. We are building a lot of strength on that, even on the wiring 
harness side, a lot of focus is going into electronics with the new technology that is coming 
over there and the EVs and things like that. And I think, again, with the Nexans integration, 
a lot of stuff will more happen towards electronics field. I think it's a wait and watch. Please 
see what happens in a year or two. We are driving extremely strong in semi-conductors 
and in consumer electronics. All of these will become really meaningful in a couple of 
years to come. 
Please just be patient and understand that in a very short period of time, we are already 
supplying to some of the world's biggest names and scaling quite fast, although the 
automotive business continues to scale itself. So, this growth comes -- becomes a bit 
minute because you're comparing to what has already been in automotive for the last 50 
years and all of this has just come up in the last couple of years. So just be patient, I think 
we'll be having a very different discussion next year. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Sure. We look forward to that. And just for context, GF1 and GF2, you mentioned that in 
Q4, you're hitting the annualized run rate of 14 million to 16 million units. So GF3 will be a 
multiple of this or like any broad indication are you giving right now that GF1 and GF2 is 
14% to 16%. So GF3 will be like of 2 to 3x or 5x of this, something like that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
I can't give you, I can't give you, but yes, it will be multiple of it a because that's how 
designed to be. It was us to prove to the customers that we are capable. And now we are 
building a big plant to come in. So, wait for a couple of quarters to really see that number 
because, like I said, I think the most exceptional part of this business is that the order book 
only runs for that 1 year, right? The next year, you get the next order. 
It's not like automotive where it's a gradual increase, then moves into high, then the thing 
starts to decline. It goes straight 0 to 100 because you have to produce as much as you 
can as soon as you win the order for the selling season. And then you move a little bit lower 
into spares and all that, and you already start working on the next program.  
So, it's a very difficult different sort of industry, a difficult one because we are obviously 
more used to be automotive side, but I think the team has done a wonderful job to adapt 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
and challenge this new industry. And the work you will see in a couple of quarter’s time 
and see how the team has wonderfully adapted and taken on this challenge and you'll see 
that reflecting in the numbers in a very sharp way. So I'm quite excited to report that to you 
in coming quarters. 
Amyn Pirani: 
And just on the aerospace business, would it be fair to say that out of the INR 2,400 Crores 
odd revenue, a large part of this would still be a business which is still being done in 
Europe, but your expansion is mainly India. So, there should be a large scope for 
expanding margins here as these revenues go up? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
I mean you always hit the nail on the head. Actually, we were looking at the order books 
and the Indian order book is perhaps even larger than what we have in the European side. 
So, the growth is coming in a tremendous fashion. I think you all saw on our Investor Day 
that we had the customers there and how they're looking at Motherson to partner and grow 
their order book share in India. 
So, it's extremely exciting what's happening on the aerospace side. Not only are we looking 
at that, we're also looking meaningfully to penetrate the semi conductor business through 
the capabilities in aerospace because they are complementary and ther is also some 
seeds which we have started, although extremely small right now, but hopefully in coming 
years that would also scale up in a meaningful size. 
But we are extremely pleased with the growth that's come in the aerospace and this is just 
the first -- this is really the first step, more meaningful acquisitions, more global growth 
and of course, India being the center of growth in aviation with what's happening with the 
infrastructure development around it and the Indian consumers growing rapidly, 
preferring to take more and more airplane routes and more airports being built in India with 
their infrastructure, we believe it's going to be a lot of many years of growth to come and 
we are in great shape to take advantage of that growth. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Great. Thanks for answering the questions and I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Binay Singh from Morgan Stanley. 
Binay Singh: 
Hi, team thanks for the opportunity. Just starting with the consumer electronics Earlier, 
we had talked about INR 2,600 Crores capex in that business. Where are we on that 
number and in this capex guidance of next year -- is that -- are we -- have we increased it 
or is it just that is already included in this? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thanks, Binay. You're right. That was the guidance which we gave last year. For the current 
year, we are in the process of finalizing the numbers. It should be broadly in the range of 
what we guided in the last year, but allow us a quarter to come back to you with the firmed 
up numbers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Binay Singh: 
And secondly, the 16 million exit number that we talked about, that is unit number. Any 
guidance on what is the revenue per unit? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, we can't guide on that yet. I think, again, let it become meaningful by GF3 and I think 
that's the time where we will start to talk more about the exact numbers once it's a 
meaningful size. Right now, again, just GF1, GF2 are too small to be able to disclose those 
numbers in a meaningful way. Let GF3 come out, and you will see a much clearer picture 
and that will have the meaningful impact for you as well. 
Binay Singh: 
So even then the lighting and electronics EBITDA that we see. So currently the contribution 
of this business will be fairly small in that, right? That's a fair way to understand, right? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
That's right.  
Binay Singh: 
And then just moving to aerospace. We have two facilities coming up in the first quarter of 
FY 27, both in India. We had a very strong FY 26. What kind of growth do you see in the 
coming year? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, the order book for the aerospace is at record number for us. I think we are allowed 
to disclose order book. I think, yes. So that is some number that we have already 
disclosed, 1.6 Billion is the order book. So, with these two facilities, we'll cater to that 
additional demand. 
 I think it doesn't stop there. I think this year, again, we are hungry for more growth and 
perhaps if we are able to secure some big orders, and also look at some acquisitions, that 
number will continue to grow. But these two plants are for the new capacity and order 
book that we already have in hand, which is about 1.6 Billion. 
Binay Singh: 
And what year because your current revenue is USD 250 Million or so in aerospace. So, 1.6 
Billion is over how many years? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So usually, in aerospace, it's about 5 to 8 years around that, depending again how much 
customer pulls. But usually, we have seen that, that gets front ended because like I said, I 
think the demand in India is extremely strong at the moment. And this will not stop there. 
I think we are aiming to grow even further from here and have bigger wins this year and 
hopefully, we'll come back to you in subsequent quarters to tell you how that order book 
is growing. It has consistently grown. It was at 1.2 Billion, I think, the last time we reported 
it. So, 1.6 Billion is a meaningful jump on that just in a few quarters. So, as you can see, 
there is exponential growth happening now. And hopefully, these numbers will only 
continue to go in that direction. 
Binay Singh: 
Thanks and just last, going back to the auto business. We have this one comment on Slide 
number 2, where we are saying that European OEM launches in FY 27 expected to support 
growth. And we know that Europe is it seems like Europe is having a weak summer for auto 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
production. These launches that you talk about, are they the usual course of business or 
this year, you have an exceptional number of new launches coming through, which can 
help you offset the industry weakness? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, it's a very good point. I think, I guess, one, our restructured footprint is going to help 
us because we are definitely leaner in these locations. And definitely, the new order wins 
are coming with exciting new attributes in the car. All of them are content heavy and value 
increasing.  
As you can see, a lot of the new EVs are coming with a lot of feature-rich content. So, a lot 
of the new cars are coming with exciting new technologies, exciting new materials and the 
way that we are going after these with the content heavy kind of stuff, we definitely believe 
that these launches will help both meaningfully in top line and bottom line for us. 
V. C. Sehgal: 
Also, I think it's important for people to understand that the customers in Europe are not 
always the same. Even the new customers in Europe are coming in from outside Europe 
and they're producing in Europe and the customers have realized , our customers have 
realized that they thought they could get the mirrors from the normal source in XYZ 
country, but in Europe, they are doing local manufacturing and then that's where our 
opportunity is huge. And that's what is there. So, it's a huge mix of new customers, old 
customers, old models, new models, everything is happening at this time. And we're 
always at the edge of our capacity? What should I say? 
Binay Singh: 
Great. Thanks team. Thanks for the detailed response.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Sir, for the opportunity again. In wiring harness division, there is an extremely 
strong margin expansion of 170 bps Q-o-Q, and this is despite the copper price increase 
and also some contraction in margin in Motherson Wiring India. So, what is the driving 
factor for this margin expansion? Is it mainly operating leverage across the global entities 
like PKC, Stoneridge? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, it's mainly because of the operational improvements. And since it's a global business, 
so there were some entities in some parts of the world, which had not performed well 
earlier, which have done better in this quarter. And you're right, there is an impact of 
copper, which is a lag, which we should be recovering in the coming quarters.  
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you. Thank you for that.  
Pankaj Mital: 
And as we move forward, we see also that markets recovery in the North American side 
will also come in, which should also help us to become even much better. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Well noted on that point. One clarification, input cost inflation like commodity, there is an 
automatic pass-through with some lag. On energy gas price, freight cost, there has been 
some increase in the recent months? Would these higher cost reflect in Q1, is there an 
automatic pass-through here with customers or would that happen through negotiation? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, all these costs in the quarter gone by, the impact was there only for a few weeks, which 
was not necessarily very significant. But you are right, in the current quarter, most of the 
industries have incurred these additional costs. In our businesses, generally these are 
matter of negotiations. We have very strong relationship with our OEM customers and over 
the period, albeit with the lag, we should be able to recover most of these increase in the 
cost from the customers. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Noted, sir. Just a last question. Leverage position is very strong at 0.8x. And there was one 
comment where you indicated that debt will continue to reduce. Given the uncertainty, 
wouldn't you be looking at more inorganic opportunities or would there be debt reduction? 
How do you -- how should we look at that? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
At Motherson, we continue to evaluate inorganic opportunities. Whenever we come 
across any inorganic opportunity in line with our philosophy, generally, at the behest of the 
customer, will certainly explore. But as Vaaman mentioned as a response to earlier 
question, we'll continue to generate healthy cash flows, and we will use these cash flows 
for supporting our organic growth in the form of capex and wherever required or possible 
we will also retire debt to ensure that we utilize these cash flows in the meaningful 
manner. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thanks, Gandharv. It's a Gandharv's job to return the debt and my job to spend more 
money. So look, I think you all know, our targets for 108, I think Gandharv and team are 
doing a superb job to keep tight control on the finances and keep that operating leverage 
very much favorable.  
But we definitely have to keep headroom, if we want to go after that 108 target and we 
definitely, whenever we are speaking to the customers, we know that there are a lot of 
issues still out there, a lot of suppliers that are still in trouble. And a lot of factors that are 
still very much creating chaos in the supply chain and will require investment, will require 
capex, will require upgradation and we are keeping headroom for that.  
So, I think that's something that's around the corner. Of course, we will be disciplined as 
we always have been. We will wait for the customer to approach us. But our thinking is 
that, that is around the corner. And that's why keeping this healthy headroom where our 
operations can continue to grow. 
As Gandharv already said, we're looking to spend a considerable amount of capex this 
year as well to meaningfully grow our top line, but we want to keep money for the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
acquisitions that will become a game changer for us, both in terms of products and the 
customers and the product segments that we serve.  
On top of that, the new businesses all are doing extremely well. The customer's 
confidence is growing on us. And we know that those acquisitions are also around the 
corner because once you solve the customer's problem and then they're happy with you 
and the trust goes up, you're the first person they think of when they have the next 
problem. 
So, we're inundated by that. Honestly, our pipeline for possible acquisitions is probably 
also at quite a high in those terms. And we are patiently waiting. And all we have to do is 
continue to deliver to these high levels of quality that the customer expects. We are 
extremely cost conscious and we will be high in their ratings and the opportunity will 
present themselves and customers are definitely calling us.  
And as we talk, we're looking at opportunities of course, we can't disclose. We will only do 
that once they are meaningful and all the things are sorted out with the customer. But as 
we speak, we are looking at meaningful opportunities to again change the trajectory of 
Motherson and get closer to our Vision 2030. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Sir for sharing that thought process and looking forward to the announcement. 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aditya Ladhad from Stallion Asset. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Ladhad: 
Good evening Sir. Firstly, Congratulations on a great set of number. So we're doing a capex 
of INR 2,600 Crores in a consumer electronic business, that's probably larger than most 
of the EMS companies in India. And the kind of growth that we've done 7.5x of this of                      
Y-o-Y is also incredible. It's like we found a new TAM to deploy our D.E.M.A.L. capabilities. 
So, going forward, this year also, can we expect maybe not 7.5x, at least to 5x growth                   
Y-o-Y for the consumer electronics business? 
V. C. Sehgal: 
Why not 7.5? 
Aditya Ladhad: 
That would be great Sir. That would be great. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, this is a very key point for Motherson. We have realized electronics is core to a lot of 
the products, not only touching the automotive side, but of course, as an independent 
segment as well. And that's why we are deploying more and more capital to it, building 
more competency, adding on to the team.  
You'll also hear about potential new joint ventures that we are forming, of course, 
acquisition opportunities that are strategic and inorganic growth. So, all of this will 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
definitely lead to meaningful multiples of growth in the Electronics division. Now of 
course, a lot depends on again, our ability to execute and the customers' confidence in 
us, but we are completely committed to having a lot of growth in this division. 
Aditya Ladhad: 
And secondly Sir, during the Q2 PPT, you had mentioned that our order book for the 
consumer electronics and aerospace business was close to USD 3 Billion. And today, you 
mentioned that our aerospace business is close to USD 1.6 Billion order book. So, is it fair 
to assume that the rest of it is consumer electronics and to be executed in 6 to 12 months? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
It's safe to assume that next time I have to be more careful with my words because you are 
-- but yes, look I think overall and it's not just that one plant that we're looking at. It's 
complete electronics, like we are buying a lot of our own PCBAs, from our SMTs and things 
like that as well. 
So all of that will meaningfully contribute in this coming year because our own Electronics 
Company, which is going to be doing a lot of SMT lines that we are setting up that will 
contribute. And we're going to bring a lot of that purchasing in-house. So that, along with 
the consumer electronics, along with our increasing focus on electronics and the other 
segments. That's something that we are targeting. Now it may come plus/minus 10% to 
that number. But yes, we are hopeful that it is on the positive side and continues to grow 
from here. 
Aditya Ladhad: 
And Sir, broadly, this consumer electronic business JV, even though it's JV, it'll to be 
consolidated, right? And what margins are we looking at it close to 20% margins for this 
business? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, I would want even more, but -- look, all I can say right now is that with GF3 scale, I 
think it's definitely better than what our group is doing at the moment. Of course, I cannot 
give you an exact because we don't guide on margins, but this should be helping to 
increase our ROCE because the investments have been done and the returns will start to 
come.  
And like I said, give us some time, I think we are very excited about the business. This is 
our first step into a business like this. Will we ever hit the number that you're talking about 
goes to see how things pan out and how much we can build our strength internally. None 
of these businesses ever start out at that those kind of margins. You have to build up the 
capability to reach those kind of margins. But like I said, I think the first fundamental step 
has been made, and it will be in the positive direction and hitting EBITDA positive already 
at this stage is a wonderful sign. Where it reaches, I think you'll have to wait and see. And 
like I said, we are more focused on the ROCE rather than just the EBITDA number because 
that's what's more meaningful to us. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Aditya Ladhad: 
And Sir, last question is, so you mentioned that order books also we get orders when the 
facilities are live or something. So, the order book that we have right now, taking out the 
aerospace, do we expect it to increase by Q3 FY 27. And would the entire execution come 
in FY 28 for the order book given the order cycles for 6 months to 12 months, as you 
mentioned? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
No. So, for consumer electronics is that much. But the automotive, it's more 2 to 3 years 
depending on how we have won it and that will go on for the next 5 years. So aerospace is 
even longer than that. It will come within, again, 2 years or a little bit less than that, but 
that will go on for maybe 10 years, maybe even longer than that because as you know, the 
airplane platforms last for sometimes 20 years, even longer than that. 
But the order books are generally around that level, there's, of course, upgrades, changes, 
a lot of those things kind of happen. So now you see that the complete strength of 
Motherson, the D.E.M.A.L, you have the fast-moving consumer electronics space where 
everything is already decided in 1 year, the new product, the order win, the order execution 
it is all within 1 year to move towards the medical devices, which is perhaps a little bit 
longer towards more automotive, which is even longer towards aerospace, which is the 
longest and goes all the way up to order execution of 10 years' time. So again, the whole 
idea is to diversify the business, to be able to reduce the dependency on any one industry 
and be able to grow even times of high volatility. And I think that's what's playing out, as 
you can see, we are in severe macroeconomic turmoil, but the diversification in our 
business is what's helping us to grow. 
Aditya Ladhad: 
So broadly, I would say it's safe to say USD 1.4 Billion of consumer electronics to be 
executed in FY 28. And so there's a new CEO that has come at Apple, quite a big change. 
So first of all, they may be our customers and does that have any impact on our business? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So that's your assumptions. Again, we're not here to talk about our customers or any 
customers out there. I think that is, again, your assumption of what's going to happen. I 
think the best person to answer those questions is the customer that you are talking 
about. We are here to answer questions about our business. 
Aditya Ladhad: 
Got it. So, 1.4 Billion for FY 28, consumer electronics? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
With God's grace, we'll do more than that. I hope so, but again it depends on what the 
customer pulls and what happens. 
Aditya Ladhad: 
Got it. 
V. C. Sehgal: 
I think it was one quarter ago or something like that, we think that’s how, that has to 
happen.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Let’s see what happens.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Aditya Ladhad: 
Sure. Okay. Thank you Sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Neel Shah from Purnartha Investment 
Advisers. Please go ahead. 
Neel Shah: 
I just wanted to understand that in terms of net revenue, what would you say your 2030 
Vision would be? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
The net revenue? 
Neel Shah: 
Yes. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
It's gross revenues, it's a gross target because it's a vision for the entire group, and that's 
a 108 Billion gross revenue target, not net. 
Neel Shah: 
So that would imply a CAGR of 47% over the 4 years? Am I understanding that right? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. And I think that is something that we have done over the last 50 years as well. 
Neel Shah: 
Thank you. 
V. C. Sehgal: 
This is the seventh 5-year plan.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
We have very high ambitions. So the idea is to think, to think out of the box to get ourselves 
out of the comfort zone and to live our purpose, which we have defined for the Company. 
So in fact, you might be holding on to that 108 and thinking that, that's the only thing that's 
driving us. That's not. 
For us, top line is vanity, bottom line is sanity, cash in the bank is reality. That's our dream. 
That's our ambition. But we will be opportunistic. At the same time, we will be financially 
disciplined and we will only go after opportunities that the customer wants us to be. So, 
we are preparing ourselves for 108 and we will be ready for 108. The opportunities have to 
present themselves. 
Neel Shah: 
All right. That’s helpful.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jay Kale from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jay Kale: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great set of numbers. My first 
question is regarding our global OEMs or our customers, they have recently kind of given 
write-downs on their EV investments. And also in recent quarters, they've mentioned of 
supplier compensation regarding that? 
V. C. Sehgal: 
I'll tell you. So I've been saying that for the past 20 years, but you guys were not listening. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Jay Kale: 
Right. No, absolutely. But just that they were also, they've also mentioned of supplier 
compensations in the current quarter that they've given which has hit their margins. So 
have we received some of that in this quarter as per some compensations on that side? 
V. C. Sehgal: 
We don't know what you're talking about. I don't know which guy has given compensation 
to this in the past for the investments and all that. We were never on that. We were always 
on the right side of the thinking that everything is not going to become EV. So we were 
agnostic to the engine right from the beginning. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. And again, like my father saying, we contractually are bound to a contract to supply 
something. So out of that contract, things happen, that's within the compensation, not 
because EV didn't really pan out. So that is the customer's prerogative on who they want 
to give to , who they want to make sure that they survive or not. That's up to them. 
Motherson is a financially strong Company. We have, that's why they're winning business 
from our customers. They have a deep relationship with them. On our products, whatever 
our contracts work, that is what we have rightfully taken from our customers and given 
them what they expected from us, the product and the quality that they expected. 
Jay Kale: 
Great. And second question is on the emerging business. So if you see the precision metal 
and modules segment. That has seen a stellar growth of 2.7x. If you could just talk a little 
bit about how is what is driving that and what is the outlook going forward for that 
segment? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Great question. I think that's another key area for us to grow. I think machining is a core 
focus for us. You've also seen the growth happen meaningfully there because of 
Atsumitec acquisition will reflect over there. So, a large part of the growth over there. And 
I think, again, the team has done a wonderful job to integrate these acquisitions that we 
have said add meaningfully to the top line and bottom line. 
While maintaining all the other ratios and improving them for the rest of the group. So 
that's what you're seeing. The business itself is also growing. We have done a couple more 
acquisitions in this also in the past, like Rollon etc, that we had announced. And all of them 
are firing really well and machining continues to be an area that has growth and has 
meaningful contribution and something that we are extremely focused on because that 
does not just pan on the automotive side, but also on the aerospace and potentially 
consumer electronics in the future when we win those kinds of businesses as well. So, 
we're looking at machining and precision machining as real core focus moving forward for 
all our segments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand over the call to Mr. V.C. Sehgal for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
V. C. Sehgal: 
I think all of you have been advised a lot about what we are doing and how we are 
performing. But important for you all to understand that we are a fast-moving Company on 
to where we want to be. And thank you for your support and thank you for your questions. 
Thank you very much, and have a great week and months ahead till the next time. Take 
Care. Bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimers: This transcript for the Investors’ call has been made for compliance under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. No part of this document shall be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (“Company”). This transcript has been edited for the purpose of factual accuracy, better reading and 
clarity. Best efforts have been made while editing the translated audio recording to ensure grammatical, punctuation, and formatting are correct, so 
that it does not result in any edits to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript is available at the website of the Company, viz. 
www.motherson.com . The statements of the participants as captured in this document are dependent on currently held beliefs and assumptions of 
the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and may include forward-looking 
statements. Forward-looking statements inter-alia involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions, certain 
assumptions and expectations of future events, economic conditions affecting demand/supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas 
markets in which the Company operates, changes in or due to the environment, government regulations, tariffs, geopolitical conflicts, laws, statutes, 
judicial pronouncements and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company 
or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements, directly or indirectly expressed or implied 
by such forward-looking statements. The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-looking statements, 
on the basis of any subsequent developments, information, events or otherwise. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for 
any loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause and in no event shall be liable for 
any liabilities arising therefrom. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the 
relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other examination as they deem necessary. 
 
 
