KPIT Technologies Limited  
Registered & Corporate Office: Plot No. 17, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, MIDC-SEZ, 
Phase-III, Maan, Taluka-Mulshi, Hinjawadi, Pune-411057, India. 
CIN: L74999PN2018PLC174192
O   +91 20 6770 6000 
E    info@kpit.com 
W   kpit.com 
May 13, 2026 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip ID: KPITTECH 
Scrip Code: 542651 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
Symbol: KPITTECH 
Series: EQ 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Listing Department 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: -  
Transcript of the Post Earnings Investor Meet for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2026. 
In terms of Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Post Earnings Investor Meet for 
the quarter ended March 31, 2026, conducted on May 7, 2026. 
The transcript of Post Earnings Investor Meet is also made available on the website 
of the Company. The link to access the same is as below: 
https://www.kpit.com/investor-financials/ 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For KPIT Technologies Limited 
Ashish Malhotra 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
KP 11· 
ASHISH 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH MALHOTRA 
Date: 2026.05.13 
22:17:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 30 
 
Sunil Phansalkar: 
Hello and a very warm welcome to everybody for this KPIT Technologies Analyst Meet. As we do 
always, we will have the presentations by the KPIT leadership team and then we will have this 
open for Q&A from all of you.  So, since today we have an extended management team present, 
we will do a small introduction of who is present here from KPIT leadership, which would be done 
by Priya Hardikar. Priya herself is a part of the leadership team. She's our CFO and a part of the 
executive board And she handles, obviously, as being a CFO, all the accounting, auditing, legal, 
taxation, investor relations, compliance, all of these are under her. So now I would request Priya 
to please come over and introduce the leadership team. And once again, thank you for joining us 
on this meeting. 
 Priya Hardikar: Thank you, Sunil, and very warm welcome, all of you. I'm happy to introduce my 
colleagues with you. I mean, I'm sure you know most of them. Mr. Kishore Patil, co-founder, CEO, 
and managing director. Kishore, as you know, has led the company's transformation into global 
mobility technology partner. He has been and continues to shape KPIT's long-term strategy 
across mobility, software, and automotive innovation. Mr. Sachin Tikekar, President and Joint 
Managing Director. Sachin drives KPIT's growth agenda and client relationships. He plays a key 
role in scaling KPIT's presence across the markets and strengthening strategic OEM partnerships. 
Mr. Anup Sable, whole-time director and chief operating oƯicer. Anup oversees KPIT's technology 
visioning, execution, delivery excellence, and execution rigor. He focuses on full-stack tech that 
will help OEM transform their roadmaps  and bring excellence in their performance. Mr. Chinmay 
Pandit, whole time director and head of Americas. Chinmay leads KPIT America's business and 
strengthening OEM relationship and expanding regional growth. He focuses on market 
development, client trust, and strategic execution. Mr. Pushpahas Joshi, Head of Strategy and 
Growth OƯice, Member of Executive Board Pushpahas has led KPIT strategy growth initiatives and 
new mobility businesses. He drives portfolio expansion across the connected products, digital 
mobility, and strategic market development. Mr. Omkar Panse, CTO, Chief Technology OƯicer. 
Omkar leads KPIT's global technology vision software-deﬁned vehicle strategy. He also drives 
next-generation EE architecture, SDV platforms, and mobility technologies across the domains. 
Mr. Gaurav Kakati, Chief Technology OƯicer, AI. The buzzword, Gaurav heads KPIT's AI strategy 
focusing on generative AI, agentic solutions, and AI-led transformation of automotive software 
lifecycle. He brings deep expertise in enterprise AI automation and innovation. Thank you, 
everybody, and welcome once again. Over to you, Kishor. 
Kishor Patil: 
Good afternoon, and very happy to really welcome you. After a long time, we are having this 
gathering, and I really missed it for the last few years, and I'm so happy that we are doing it at a 
time when there are many questions we need to answer I think so great to have you all here. So 
This is basically as we call it the next phase of transformation and growth. KPIT is always trying to 
consolidate and grow and further its thought leadership as well as the market leadership in the 
areas in which we operate, basically mobility And that's why I will start… I think I'll give you some 
overview about this. First, I will very quickly, for you all have seen the results, but You know, I would 
gequickly take you to FY26 performance market trends and KPIT response. I think this is the part 
I will cover. Anup will talk about technology moat. What is the diƯerentiation of KPIT in multiple 
ways For Today and future. Sachin will talk about the resilient growth There are many questions 
about the industry. This that, how we are expanding the overall market, how we, would like to do 
this in spite of disruptions in, industries or, beyond, global, global environment. And then of 
course I will come and talk about mid-term outlook I know some of you want to do it the other 

Page 2 of 30 
 
way, but I think it is best this way. So I think you have seen it has been A bit of a muted growth year, 
but ultimately, we had a good Q4. I think we had a growth of 1.8% in constant currency 1.9% 
quarter-on-quarter growth in terms of dollar. In terms of rupee, it, basically it's a growth of 12% 
and quarter-on-quarter it is 5.8%.  The key highlight, if you want to ask me, is the 349 million worth 
increments closed during the quarter. It basically says that the number of deals, the number of 
engagements we have signed, and we have, of course, announced a couple of themSpeciﬁcally, 
I will cover them later So, that is very important. Pipeline continues to be satisfactory. Important 
part is the solution and products. That's our next pivot. And we'll talk about it, what does it actually 
mean, what it means to us, what it means to our client, how do we diƯerentiate it? It's a 21% of 
the total pipeline is already into products and solutions, so it will, It basically gives us a very 
encouraging sign I mean, cash generation has been very good for the company over many years. 
It continues to be that dividend payout after dividend payout, it is 9.6 billion cash at the quarter 
end, and we have the ﬁnal dividend, which is 5.25 per share. DSO stood at 47 days. Dividend is 
about 33% Kind of a payout  If you look at the revenue, the little going little down, 18% year-on-
year growth in trucks and oƯ-highway So, as you know, last year we decided that we will expand 
into truck and oƯ-highway as a segment. And now it is 18% growth year-on-year in trucks and oƯ-
highway. And the Q4 growth was also led by trucks and oƯ-highway 11.6% and the second was 
cloud-based connected services. So these are some of the areas Where we saw that, detailed 
part about the growth, Sachin will talk, I'm just talking about the highlight of this quarter and 
overall And, EBITDA growth margin is for the year 20.8%. And for this quarter, 20.6%. I must tell 
you that what we have never compromised is on the investments in technology, because we 
believe that is the core of KPIT, that's the core of future, and that's what we will continue to do it. 
Most of the companies have less than 1% investment into technology We have done more than 
3% for many years. We have upped the investments more than 5%. And I think that is a very 
important part, I would say that after doing that, we continue to have one of the best EBITDA 
number in the industry Let's talk about Tailwinds as well as the headwinds So, the growth is driven 
by connected vehicle, powertrain, vehicle engineering, and after sales. I wanted to say this a little 
bit here. This is how the actual thing is. This year, it is driven by all the four segments. So, 
connected vehicles will see in terms of technology, but it is, of course, this is an area of the highest 
growth in the industry, one of the highest growth in the industry. powertrain also continues to 
grow. Now, the powertrain is not… is electriﬁcation, it's conventional, it's a hybrid, and there are 
also pilots we are doing in terms of hydrogen-based systems. So I think it's a more broader than 
pure electric But nevertheless, we continue to do that, grow, even though naturally the growth is 
not the highest in that part, but we have grown in that. The vehicle engineering, this, I wanted to 
bring it out. This is a diƯerent part of the acquisition we did in the Caresoft You know, last year. 
That actually we doubled down on that, beyond software, the reason is We wanted to make sure 
that we are in a position to address one of the key point of pain for our OEMs, which is cost 
reduction And if you… when you look at the cost reduction, it is not about software, but it is about 
overall cost of the vehicle. And that's where Caresoft has, you know, certain competencies, some 
platforms With that, we are in a better position to deliver that, but more importantly In the 
industry, typically people have been doing the benchmarking, which has been a more hardware 
benchmarking. We bring to it now software benchmarking, which is really one of its kind, which 
tells them in terms of how the performance is going to be there, how the security is going to be 
there. So these are some of the things which we are adding. So these are the areas which continue 
to grow and last but not the least is after sales. This is one of the fast-growing areas for KPIT. And 
after-sales is very important, because OEMs are looking for sources of revenue for them going 
forward, and not at the point of sales, but throughout the life of the vehicle And after sales has 
become a big area. And I think that's the area where we have built a very strong solutions. And I 

Page 3 of 30 
 
think you will hear about it It's a 9% year-on-year growth with OEM clients, which has been our 
strategy. We did have drop in certain part which just to tell you on it, Tier 1 revenues, which has 
never been a focus, but whatever we had, I think we… actually, there was A drop in that We have 
strengthened the China presence And two new engagements with Chinese OEM. This is very 
important. It's a very small part of our revenue, but it is important for us because China is a big 
market. The second thing is it has diƯerent type of OEMs than the traditional Later, there is a 
possibility that Chinese OEMs already are, you know, entering into the other markets and can take 
the market share also in other markets. So we want to make sure that we are successful in China. 
It's not the easiest market, it will take time, but Let me tell you, we have spent time and eƯort, and 
now we have two clear Chinese OEM engagements, which even though the revenues are not that 
great, I'm very proud about it. And 18% year-on-year growth in Trucks & oƯ highway, I mentioned, 
and accelerated pipe generation in AI-infused solutions and products. So, that is, this is the focus 
area, and this is how we did last year In terms of headwinds, AI-led transformation led to near-
term cannibalization in some areas. In some cases, but over the period, not over the period, we 
see a larger opportunity with AI-based solution But sometimes in the short term, in a particular 
case, it can cannibalize a particular part. But over the long term, we see that we are in a position 
to take end-to-end, and that's why we are moving towards the solution, taking the full ownership 
of the solution, and actually it adds to the revenues And lower than expected growth in 
middleware and autonomous driving. And one of the important reason for this is Many New 
architecture programs have been delayed. And that's why some of the middleware or the Qorix or 
some of those companies, actually that got pushed out, many of these programs and our 
revenues have come down on that area And autonomous driving, the game has a little bit 
changed, and I will show you. It is one of the high growth area going forward. And there is a better 
adoption of this area. The only thing is, the way it is there, earlier, all OEMs wanted to develop 
their own stack, and they realized that they failed in that, and they could not do it. So, it is more 
about really integration, it is more about how do you really train that, and how do you build on the 
stack. So these are some of the things which we need to do. So, there is a diƯerent approach, and 
there are some demos you can see laterYou will see it. So, I think that is there. And last but not 
least, there were In few accounts, there was a program cancellation and delays in few accounts, 
and I will talk about it later So, it challenged near-term growth, but expanded foundation for 
substantial future expansion. I must tell you that what we have achieved last year is one of the 
best we have achieved in the last many years in terms of qualitative progress Both in terms of 
changing the complexion of services, taking the lead in terms of AI, the products journey, you 
know, apart from solutions, the products journey, and also the markets where we have expanded. 
So I think I'm very proud about what we achieved And, of course, the leadership development 
which we have been in a position to achieve, which is going to be a base for the future growth, not 
only for a year or two, but going forward. We talked about, the reason I wanted to talk about is the 
many vehicle programs got pushed out, as I talked about, but that is more in passenger car area 
But oƯ highway and commercial now are looking to adopt into SDV or AI-based software 
development, right? AIDV. So I think This is one of the, I would say, one very important engagement 
which we have won, and that's why strategic value is more than only the value, ﬁnancial value. It's 
a long-term partnership in excess of 50 million, focus on large-scale software-deﬁned 
transformation. It is, for this. And for the next generation machine platform So this is called SDV, 
generally we call it here it is called SDM software deﬁned machines. So that and it is shipped from 
legacy architecture to modular platform that electronics and software architecture So I think this 
is important from that aspect. This is the second thing is leading Japanese tier one and to deliver 
the next generation of digital cockpit. This is important because the way we are changing our way 
of delivering to the client And the solutioning. It is a platform which is ours, and we are delivering 

Page 4 of 30 
 
to multiple OEMs of the tier one Through this platform And right now, we are engaged for 3 OEMs, 
and it will go to 5 OEMs. So I think that is how we are delivering. And these two engagements are 
important, sorry, two OEM programs underwent more to SAST shortly. So this is a very important 
part, and Again, here we have used all our experience of so many years and so many production 
programs in digital cockpit area, and also, of course, we have used AI in terms of accelerated 
development. I had some chat in 4 million people were asking about where the spend is and etc. 
So ﬁrst thing I must tell you, that this is the only limited part. I've just picked up a data for only 
automotive part and also outside China because that is the data which is available Beyond this, 
there is a Chinese data spend. There is also, of course, this does not include oƯ-highway 
commercial. This does not include micromobility, but still there is at least You know, the good 
representation of automotive spend And this is from the McKinsey Jan 26 their internal data which 
they collected. If you really look at Which are the pockets? They're talking about 2x growth by 2030 
into the R&D spend  However, I will bring to your notice two things. If you look at the areas where 
they are going to spend, one is The AD/ADAS, which is becoming three times the spend from now 
till 2030. AD/ADAS is the largest spent area from that perspective. In terms of growth. And the 
second area, if you look at it, is the infotainment and digital services that is there And e-
architecture, it's a relatively small part, but that is again moving in a big way. Integration validation 
is existing across many times it is across many spent area. It's the largest area of spend anyway, 
otherwise. So these are some of the spent areas. Now We… this will spend on gen 3 and Gen 4 
programs. These are the architecture type you can look at. Now, automotive software spend 
remains strong. That's the one thing I wanted to say. Second thing I wanted to say that this is only, 
as I again repeating, it is only automotive part. This does not have OƯ Highway commercial, this 
does not have a Chinese data, and other things And beyond electriﬁcation, there is a high growth 
in other domains. So, electriﬁcation is not the highest spender. I just wanted to bring, while I 
mentioned to you last year also we have grown into powertrain or propulsion area. There are 
multiple sheds. It is not only electriﬁcation which drives it, but Beyond that, actually, the spend 
is here, and as you could see in the earlier, our highest growth was in infotainment connected and 
security. The second part I wanted to cover is in case of AD/ADAS Even though this spend is 3x, I 
must also say that this is not necessarily something to be available market to us fully Because of 
two reasons. Because this is where the companies may source platforms from the companies 
who have built up platforms and there are very few now because this includes billions and billions 
of dollars to really build a platform and, you know. So I think, but As you know, always, actually 
the validation simulation is a very, very big part of it. And that is always a very big part of any 
implementation, and that is what is available to us. I just wanted to explain to you from your 
understanding how this looks like. e-architecture I talked about it, it will go when the new vehicle 
programs will come, e-architecture will become important. It is important for all of our oƯ-
highway and commercial vehicles segment Now, you all know about the trends, but for a very 
quick TariƯ and geopolitical conﬂicts  EV policy changes in US and Europe supply chain 
disruption, rapid maturity of AI technology, impact on OEMs, multi-billion dollar write-oƯ. One of 
the questions people ask is earlier We had much more clearer view of how the growth will be in 
the next year and then little bit we have said that this is where there will be growth and this is 
where there may be the programs will come to One of the thing is For one of our clients, and I'll 
tell you it is a public news, Honda, they basically cancelled all their new platform programs And 
that had an impact on us, and it was very recently, because it happened in the April month, and 
for us to understand the impact, it took us some time. So, there are some things which happen, 
and that's why we also decided that we'll have a more broad-based strategy, which we have been 
working. It's not that we will work from now Last two years, Sachin will, of course, talk about it 
Then loss of market share in China and growing Chinese presence in other market. Many of 

Page 5 of 30 
 
European OEMs lost their Chinese market drastically. And this is where they were making money 
also earlier luxury OEMs. But I must tell you that they are coming back to some extent, even 
though their margins are less. Last few quarters, there is a recovery in many of those. But this is 
what happened for most of the part last couple of quarters, it has come. The pressure of margins. 
So even though they have grown, the margins have gone down And an R&D budget I told you about 
how it changes. Again, I must tell you that AI budgets is not considered in some terms of your AI 
technology. Naturally, AI into those domains is considered there, but AI by itself is not naturally 
considered part of it And impact Delay in vehicle programs, I talked about it. Most of the 
programs, most of the programs are delayed. It has two impacts on it. One impact is architecture 
part is something which got postponed, which we have really positions as well, which will come 
to, which is very important. We will come handy. And as I said, it is also important for highway 
commercial. Then the second part is Integration revenues will increase, actually. I must tell you 
that whatever we have a visibility, my experience tells me that there will be in the next two years 
a demand which we don't see today, which will come when the vehicle will get into actually the 
market, because the integration problems comes when actually the vehicle is launched. Right 
now, many of these programs are delayed, and at that point of time, they need something which 
is a proven partner and a solution. So, that is the… they both are the impact of delay in vehicle 
programs. Near-term revenue moderation, but robust outlook in medium term. Early move in 
software-deﬁned machines for trucks and oƯ-highway. I talked to you about that. And traction in 
autonomous L3, L4 programs, digital cockpit and after-sales And we made some see earlier we 
had made an investment in after sales. We made one investment into another company in 
California, right, Helm last year. I mean, it's a small investment, but the idea is actually to build 
this kind of expertise. So when we go for the integration, we go for the, you know, implementation, 
so I think we… we are in a better position. And also, when oƯ-highway commercial, when we are 
building the solution We can have a little better preferred relationship with some of them. While 
we work with all the stack provider, it is not exclusive. We work with any stack provider So, these 
chips are there But mid-term outlook remains strong So what has been the KPIT response So This 
is something which we have been working already for two years. It's not something we are looking 
at it right now First is faster growth with solution products. We believe this growth, we expect to 
be 30% on this, even though it's a small part, as we said, initially we start with 20 25%. We'll grow 
with 30% plus growth rate in these solutions and products Expand into adjacencies and new 
geographies and I don't want to talk everything about it here, but we are looking… we already had 
oƯ-highway Commercial, which has been pretty successful for us. We also have built a 
micromobility, and I don't have a clear data, but I can tell you that by 2032, it will be a very big part 
of the business. Micro mobility. And the new geographies, so we believe that we believe in India, 
India growth story, which will be number 3 market, and I truly believe in the next 10 years, it could 
be number 2 market in the world if, you know, we are on track So I think then Middle East and 
other market is there are of course Asia, Vietnam, China, all these markets are there. So new 
geographies We have made strategic external investment of$ 400 million in M&AS, and I will tell 
you later how it actually stacks, create the full stack story, and how the technology investment is. 
So this is beyond the 5% I talk about This is… so if you really… these are not included into the 
investments we have made into technology, and that makes us really the most preferred partner, 
and I'm sure you have seen the quote from Carriat CFO about this. I mean, he talks about that 
they really know the game. So I think this kind of experience, this kind of a thing is based on this 
kind of investments. Continued investment in R&D, 5%, which I said, which is on top of this. And 
this is a very, very important part. As Gaurav is here, when we started Our journey about few years 
about AI, we actually had a separate organization build this technology And then take it in the 
company. But so ﬁrst is we build a core technology, core stack, and we'll talk about it. So the 

Page 6 of 30 
 
product, this is what we call automotive mobility or mobility intelligence product, Beacon for AI 
ﬁrst development, integration validation This we use for two things. One is AI-infused solution and 
also as a product Because when a client will adopt it, his employees will also use that So, we will 
be in a position to license also the product. We will also use it wherever we are delivering services. 
So there are multiple ﬂexibility in which we are doing it. Here we have tied up with some of the 
tech companies. I think we had one announcement from Microsoft part of this at the time of CES, 
but there are a few others. So I think it's a very, very important part for us. And the last but is 
ecosystem of complementary partners. Because if you have to take the full ownership We don't 
do everything, but we have to build an ecosystem. Now, if you know the China beneﬁt over many 
other companies is basically the ecosystem which they have built So, if you drive your ecosystem, 
your innovation is fast, you can give the full solution, which is very important. So we have a clear-
cut focus on ecosystem of complementary partners, whether it is semiconductor companies, it 
is specialized tier ones or specialized software stack providers. So I think that's the kind of 
ecosystem which we are building. So continuous rigor on what this will mean is continuous rigor 
on wallet share expansion and expansion into new geographies and adjacencies We have about 
10-11% market share. I mean, I talked about it earlier And we believe there is a much more 
headroom for us In terms of growing in the existing account. Beyond that, there are new accounts. 
There, beyond that, there are adjacencies. So I think these are the areas where we can really 
make. But these are the investments we have made. That's what I wanted to come out. These are 
the signiﬁcant investments we have made As much important is people. Why I will tell you, 
because the disruption is not Only one time. It will happen. So we want to build a really agile 
organization. And This agile leadership is going to be very important in the mindset. And whether 
it is even the AI adoption in the how you will use the AI for the client, apart from that, overall, how 
will you phase diƯerent parts of the issues which may come, whether it is geopolitical or technical 
disruptions So it's a very important part, and we identiﬁed about 60 roles which are going to be 
critical. Very broadbands which are going to drive the organization. And this is the ﬁrst batch 
where We had looked at about 40 people, 40 roles where we went through an exceptional 
program. This is completely designed by us with some partners, where we took all the team to 
China. They actually drove the vehicles, they actually went to all the OEMs, they went to the, you 
know, they had interactions with the government. Then they went to California. Then they saw, 
they went to NVIDIA, they went to the university, they went to the AI startups. They looked at it. 
And then we went to France and there we had the university interaction. So this is from INSEAD 
campus where we had some this Also, McKinsey has been our partners for these two. So a very, 
very rich program to really change the mindset and look at the world diƯerently. My one thing I will 
tell you, my one take on that, and which is very important for our industry, for KPIT and for India 
And that's why it is very important is If you take class 150 years, 200 years history, there's a direct 
correlation between investment you make into technology and the growth you will have in future 
sustainable. So KPIT, that's why it continues to make that investment, which is very important to 
drive the growth for today and tomorrow and for future. So, that is what it is, and I think this is, as 
I talked about with the AI engineers, AI champions, engineers, research partnership, upscaling. 
We have basically building MTEC PhD combined programs with premier institute for research I 
think this is all going to be very important for us going forward. So we are making a lot of 
investment into this area. This is one area where we probably must be investing highest in this 
industry again, as much as the technology So, this has this investment we talk about proactive 
investment across chip to cloud as we talk about. So I mean, it doesn't mean that we are only 
doing an acquisition and investing into this area, but we have some work, and then we actually 
complement it with some of the specialist player. So this chip, it was a Pathpartner EA 
architecture, it's a Technica middleware is a Qorix.  Application is helm.ai. Cloud, you can say in 

Page 7 of 30 
 
dream and Summit solution. And these are the horizontal which go across. It is a caresoft 
technical validation, as I said, validation is a large part of the spend today, and it's also something 
which is continuous And it is going to be very important because one part, if you ask for a 
diƯerence, that why China can deliver a program in two years or less than two years versus four 
years, what people take is one of the things where you can really reduce is time, is the validation. 
And that's where we have some very, very special oƯerings, which you can see it later. And recent 
is the cybersecurity Cymotive. Again, it's a… we believe that what was important to us is having a 
cybersecurity solution in the vehicle which is being used, multiple vehicles, millions of vehicles. 
As you know, the Cariad is an investor into this company, so in Volkswagen Group, there's millions 
of vehicles where cymotive solution is there So proactive strategic investment across all red chip 
to cloud stack So now I come to Anup for the technology moat, as we call. What is that 
diƯerentiation? What is that KPIT doing in this area? Okay. 
Anup Sable: 
Hi, good afternoon Can you hear me? Okay, so  You know, every time we talk about KPIT, we talk 
about Software integration And, you know, many people might have question of what really is that 
integration, why is KPIT keeps on talking about it. So, I'm going to talk more about that In terms of 
your understanding, so You know, if you just focus on this part You know, look at each car as a 
software component, right? So if each car is a software component What happens is software 
developers Design these components, that means they have a car, and they start riding on a very 
open, free, just freshly opened highway, you know, straight patch, missing link road. And they go 
at 100 kilometers per hour and they think their component works because it rides at100 kmph, 
and then this happens. You know, they come to a junction Largely unruly problem. Many software 
components come into picture Each software component, the driver is diƯerent The attitude is 
diƯerent, the car capacity is diƯerent, the condition of the car is diƯerent, and then this typically 
happens. So This typically happens in any context in an automotive. Automotive is a very complex 
machine It has got about 100 to 120 computers 5 or 6 diƯerent types of networks And all of these 
have to handshake with each other in real time because sometimes, obviously when you press a 
break, you want the brake braking to happen when you turn the steering, you want the steering to 
turn And so there are real-time issues, there are safety issues. So overall, it's one of the most 
complex machines in the world The second thing is, okay, so If there is a complex machine, what 
is the problem, right? We can scale up and solve all the problems When you look at the latest 
semiconductor technologies, all of you must have heard about GPUs that are used in AI. You 
heard about NVIDIA, Blackwell latest SoCs Do you have an idea of how much it costs for that one 
single big chip? Approximately $ 35,000 That is probably more than the cost of the car Now, when 
you talk about giving inﬁnite bandwidth in car that is not possible because you know I give you an 
example, the second bullet point talks about a $ 300 billion company, let us say the sales are 300 
billion dollars Margins are very small, 2.5%, 3%, sometimes maybe 4%. So, 7.5 billion of net 
margins. And then Let us say there is an opportunity of saving $ 10 per car And that you multiply 
by 10 million vehicles, that becomes suddenly $ 100 million saving So, a car company cannot 
think about Even spending $ 1 more Or even 50 cents more. Negotiations are done for that per 
car. So, if you can reduce even $ 1 per car, that is a great opportunity for extracting that money in 
the bottom line. And that is why a car is always a constraint environment. Everything inside the 
car is constraint, it is the most optimized version, and when you want to do optimization, you get 
into situations like this. You get into integration issues. And that is the real main work that we do, 
in terms of making sure that the car is optimized very well in terms of what it has to do. So, most 
of the chaos That happens, the programs get delayed. When you hear about delay in programs, it 
is because most of the software engineers start driving at 100 kmph per hour And they soon hit a 

Page 8 of 30 
 
bottleneck like this, and this bottleneck is absolutely unresolvable And that is where we come 
into picture. And of course, there is also complexity. Not only it has to be optimized for that car, it 
is to be optimized for probably 15 diƯerent models of the car, because you can't keep on 
engineering diƯerently for every single car So some large OEMs who have huge number of 
models, every year they launch 10, 15 diƯerent car vehicles, car models is similar, exactly the 
same component needs to exist inside, and then the scalability has to be up, down, sideways, all 
those things are there. So it becomes even more complex because of that. So this is what our real 
work on value addition to the customer is. So what do you do when integration problems 
happens? Of course, you can do something about it before it happens. So what is the proactive 
way of handling it? And then there is, of course, once you get into a problem, what do you do? You 
keep on ﬁnding the problems, you diagnose the problems, you ﬁx the problem. So there is 
something that after it happens. Now, mind you The traƯic jam is very easy to see For very, very, 
very unskilled person to actually observe and ﬁnd out where is the bottleneck, who's the car who's 
actually blocking everything, which truck is blocking it. But in software, you can't see anything. 
So you have to observe by diƯerent ways. And some of the things today, demons today that we 
are talking about is actually talking about these observability. How do we look into something that 
happens so fast It is so critical from a real-time perspective. Microseconds are important, 
milliseconds are important. How do you observe these things? How do you ﬁnd out the problems? 
And that is what we do also Next question you might have, and I had many questions before this 
session started. What is the AI impact? How does AI really help? Of course, AI helps. AI improves 
software productivity You know, worst case, 10 times. Best case, maybe 50 times, 100 times So, 
what do you do? So that means you create a eight-lane highway, here there are six ﬁve And 
everybody drives very fast and again go to the same bottleneck and hit it there So AI is a fantastic 
way for generating a lot of software. So today, if you could generate 10 million lines of software, 
you'll generate 100 million lines of software and then you are left to ﬁnding problems of 100 
million lines of software inside the car So the problem increases tenfold, probably multifold, not 
just 10, because the order of magnitude is not linear here. You are probably talking about power 
equations here, in terms of complexity getting created. Okay, so that is what we do. Now, let me 
get to you again this is You must have heard about software V Okay? And if you look at this outer 
light purple thing, it almost looks like a V. It is looking like a U more than a V now But that is actually 
the software V. But in a vehicle, you come from A requirements V, because even the requirements 
have to be validated. So, you can observe that inside the big V there are these small V's And each 
of these V's, the left-hand side of the V is called a development side, and the right-hand of the 
side of V is called the validation side. Okay? So even the requirements are validated. There is a 
way of validating a requirement. I write something, I validate it. Is it ambiguous? Is it traceable? Is 
it testable? If I write a requirement that is ambiguous, it cannot be implemented. If I write a 
requirement that is not testable, nobody can verify it is whether it is written correctly. Each of 
these V is important. Once I write the requirements, am I actually implementing the right 
platform? Is my network architecture correct? Is my system architecture correct What is my 
requirement And what is my veriﬁcation and validation for that? Then you come to something 
called as a feature development, the purple V's that you have Software developers do these 
features. They write the features, they test the features locally. The highway driving at 100 kmph 
And then you come to integration and regression. When you come to the Roundabout where 
traƯic jams get created. This is the traƯic jam This is how you need to ﬁrst verify whether your 
platform is working, then you keep on adding the features on top of it, and then you every time 
somebody adds a new feature, his feature has to be tested with 300 other features that already 
exist inside the car and they are actually handshaking, discussing, exchanging data with each 
other in real time And sometimes this real time breaks, sometimes something doesn't work So 

Page 9 of 30 
 
you'll see in your modern car, sometimes things don't work And they work they do not work 
intermittently. You are lucky if it does not work consistently. Sometimes it doesn't work 
intermittently. Okay, and these are the integration problems that we are talking about. And once 
everything is done, then again, there is a standard validation cycle. So you have things that are 
tested in labs, and in labs, there are two stages. One is called a domain system hardware and 
loop testing, then you have a multi-domain, testing that happens. So, car infotainment gets tested 
with ADAS and then all of it gets tested with chassis, so it's called multi-domain, but it is in a lab 
And then you have mule vehicles I had tried to simplify this diagram for you. It is not that simple. 
Okay, so it is very, very complex cycle. And then you have a start of production and then you have 
an after sales section. So your car is in the ﬁeld and you need to be serviced and all those things 
need to happen So what at KPIT, we have been doing for so many years, and what we have done 
is you can take a look at diƯerent coverage areas of KPIT, and let me explain. So on the top, the 
orange color or whatever color that is There are many ladies in the room Closer to orange So that 
is actually the platform approach. So there are diƯerent platforms. Platforms are things that do 
most of the dirty work inside The car from a hardware perspective, but they are not as glamorous 
as the applications that you see in the front. So you have… the applications are what serves the 
users, that is you, who drive the car, and the diƯicult part of what the applications should actually 
make happen inside are the platforms Okay, so you have platforms Then, we have beacon. The 
reds are all the AI accelerated work packets that we would call it, I mean, in terms of software. So 
you can see, if you look at this diagram, I had done a left-hand side and a right-hand side. So, 
you'll see the red occurring here. This is the AI that is going to eat up the software development 
part, the digital part. Then there is a little bit of red here also, the AI part here also, because even 
when test veriﬁcation is done Large part of the veriﬁcation to be done is also software Okay, so 
validation also done. And then you have, I talked about what you do before, what do you do 
beforehand? Everything that happens on the left hand side, a good automotive platform, a good 
AI infrastructure, a good virtual validation So if I do not have the hardware for testing, how can I 
emulate the hardware, simulate the hardware, whichever word you feel comfortable with How do 
I actually simulate this hardware so that even if the hardware is not there and I still able to test 
the software that I write? It's called virtual validation. It's because it's virtual. You're doing 
validation virtually Then, you have actually real validation, but you have to do it across the board, 
even on the left-hand side of this bigger V So this is a development cycle and in that development 
cycle you're using AI, you're using virtual validation, you're using real validation, and then you're 
accelerating things using automotive platforms Okay? And then you have an integration Where 
you again have the virtual validation platform playing a big role. The SDV benches playing a big 
role, the one that is in the back, and then AI playing a big role. And then on the actual validation 
side, it's the real validation that comes into picture And then after you get into the sales, you have 
an after-sales products that come into picture. Okay, so this Whatever I have painted here is now 
the portfolio that KPIT has in terms of what Kishor was talking about, product and solutions. This 
is what we've been doing for the last maybe four years or so From a beacon perspective, I think 
Again, there are questions, and I don't think we have enough time to discuss in detail, but if there 
is more interest and Sunil can ﬁnd that out, we can have a separate session on this What is this 
AI? Why is this AI, what is the diƯerence between GPT and Claude and DeepSeek and of course 
there is diƯerence. There are diƯerence, a little bit of diƯerences, nuances here and there And 
then AI gets even more complex whether when you want to use AI as a prototyping tool Well, or 
when you want to use AI as a production tool, production needs consistency, production needs 
repeatability, prototype needs You know, experimentation and fun. So, when do you transform 
from experimentation or having fun to doing some serious work in terms of repeatable and where 
repeatable things in automotive repeatability is also bundled with Concerns for safety, that 

Page 10 of 30 
 
means traceability exists, some regulations exist, like ISO 26262, or functional safety. So how do 
you encompass all of this? And you might hear a few words that are happening, right? Agents. 
Agents are the way of actually organizing a model. A model is an LLM model. Agent is a way of 
organizing this model to do a speciﬁc task. You might also hear about a word called harness. 
Harness is actually used to extract A speciﬁc thing from the agent model combination so that you 
are able to get what you really want to achieve at a scale, at an engineering scale. So what we 
have done is out of our experience that we have in automotive, what we understand, we are 
working across multiple domains And then we took an early lead on AI in terms of how it is 
expressing itself, how the models are progressing, and what is the most optimum that our 
customers need from this in terms of putting up an enterprise together, engineering organizations 
are huge.  KPIT is a 13,000 plus people company doing only engineering for automotive. How do 
you organize 13,000 people together in terms of AI usage? How do you manage it? How do you 
address safety concerns? How do I make sure that my code actually doesn't leave KPIT. How do I 
actually create traceability? How do I track everything together? So all these things bundled 
together are what Beacon has right now. And this is what we are using very eƯectively in terms of 
large-scale implementations that we are doing for our customers are the most complex 
programs. When I talk about the traƯic jams, the traƯic jams are the projects start becoming 
bigger, complex, unpredictable in terms of when they will get complete, and these are the 
problems that we are solving now. And we are becoming, I mean, we have customer Testimonials 
to tell us that we are getting better and better every day in terms of solving those problems. So 
this is what our beacon, I will not get into details of what the features are, etc, because it can get 
more confusing. But this is our way of addressing large-scale problems that need AI intervention. 
And if you noticed The red color is everywhere What it means is there are places where AI can 
solve your software problems, but there are places where there is no software involved. There is 
a lot of electronics involved, hardware involved. How are we actually putting all of this together 
through AI? what is called as a harnessing. I mean making it work for the entire life chain is what 
we are trying to do. And this is what we are getting good at. Kishor mentioned about the inorganic 
eƯort, the companies, the joint ventures that we have. So here we are talking about It's not just 
that. It is also about an investment that we are making, a signiﬁcant investment in terms of 
creating technology. So if you look at the layers These are the things that we have right now 
working in some form or other in terms of customer, and now we are supporting it with AI harness 
that we have. And what it basically means that when we look at Typically, a company that does 
some great work in a speciﬁc area, let's take, for example, Technica, it is usually doing work with 
few customers, and our advantage is that globally we work with many customers. So we basically 
bring that Expansion, we try to understand how it can be expanded. We also try to look at what 
needs to be done more in terms of making it happen. How do you scale it globally, expand it 
globally across the markets that we have? And this is the work that we are currently doing and this 
is This is the one that we intend to expand in the next couple of years Again, same slide looking at 
it from technology perspective, all the purples here are actually a result of all of this work that we 
have done. The black is organic, that KPIT has, for the last many years, invested and actually 
converted them into products or solutions that we are trying to sell. Okay? Thank you very much. 
So I call upon Sachin. 
Sachin Tikekar: 
All right First of all, you can all hear me. I'm sure you can see me. I hope you can hear me too. So 
in our company, we have two functions Marketing and account management there are about 150 
people. Their primary job is to just translate what Anup presented to all of you to all of you the 
purchasing organizations in large OEMs That's what they do, essentially, and to get them to pay 

Page 11 of 30 
 
us money for something they cannot touch and feel So I just wanted to get that out to all of you 
What I'll try and cover is walk you through our story over the last couple of years. And this story is 
about, you know, when you see certain things getting repeated, then you wonder and you try and 
ﬁx them in a systemic way So we realized that these macro problems and micro problems are not 
going to go away. First it was the pandemic and then there was the supply chain disruption and 
then there were tariƯs and wars. And now there is AI, all of that. Two years ago, we said that we 
needed to build our organizations, which will become resilient enough to deal with this, right? At 
some point, you have to say, it is part of life, and you have to build your future based on resilience. 
And that's really our story. And let me cover some of that, you know, what is it that we've been 
trying to do Over the last two years, I think we have made progress, but there were some 
unforeseen punches along the way. We continue to roll with the punches, and we continue to 
make progress. along these. So ﬁrst is You know. Those of you who attend our investor calls, you 
hear us talk about our T25 strategy. 25 clients that we've been working with, and in all fairness, 
bulk of the growth that you saw of KPIT, phenomenal growth the last four years, it was mostly on 
the back of 8 OEMs. And it was mostly with Anup just presented, which was largely in vehicle 
software. Right? But there is a lot more to KPIT. And that means, now, ﬁrst step that we have to 
take that we've been taking is to look at every OEM and their relevant spend to us, and see what 
does that mean, and how do we go deep in every client and expand in a wide way. So we've been 
looking at wallet share for the last couple of years. We know exactly where they spend and where 
they are not likely to spend, and how much they spend on us versus others. And we have been 
doing it very diligently And Kishor mentioned this earlier on. If you take the overall wallet share of 
KPIT among our top 25 clients is about 10% as of last year. That we grew by 10% to 12% year-on-
year Now, the goal for this year is whether we can push that up to more than 15 to 20%. So this is 
number one thing that we've been doing. And essentially, we are doing it through these four, 
points, that are listed out here. One is cross-practice oƯerings. Most of the things that you saw on 
the V cycle, you can imagine that there are diƯerent practices on the KPIT side. There was a 
platform that you saw, and then there are diƯerent domains, whether it's digital cockpit or 
AD/ADAS, or body or chassis, right? So bringing them collectively and solving larger problem of 
the client. So this is one thing that we started to do for every client now, in a very conscious 
manner. The second part is all of The clients have constraints to, they don't have the time and 
they don't have the money that they had a few years ago. Hence, the solutions and products come 
in handy. Doing Business in a linear manner just doesn't make sense anymore, right? So how do 
we really increase nonlinearity for our clients so that we can shorten the timeframe, and secondly, 
also oƯer them, cost-eƯective solutions, without compromising our own margins. That's The 
second part that we've been talking about, and the third thing is, you know, what… when you 
looked at the V cycle, it's a very complex cycle, because there are, from the OEM perspective. 
There are many parties that are involved in this. There is the chip layer at the bottom, then there 
are… there is tier 1, there are cloud players, and so forth. So it's a… it's a complex ecosystem. And 
what we have realized is, if you have to solve the larger problem, we have to work with alliances 
to solve the larger problem. So you heard about some of the conversations that we've been having 
with the chip makers, like Qualcomm, some of the tier ones that we partner with, Kishor talked 
about one of the case studies earlier on. And last but not the least, the The cloud players And this 
has become… this is something that we need to do more of. You know, we've been a company 
that has been doing our own stuƯ and creating value for the clients, working with other partners 
doesn't come naturally to us So that's something that we need to get better at, but that's 
something that we've been very conscious about over the last two years. And, you know, you'll 
hear more and more about KPIT working with some of the other partners to create greater value 
for the OEMs. So we believe that these are the three things that will help us to increase our wallet 

Page 12 of 30 
 
share substantially in the next couple of years. So this is step number one Step number two is to 
take alternate business model, doing the business the same way just doesn't make sense 
anymore for the most of the OEMs. So ﬁrst thing we have done is We had quite a few time and 
material engagements with the clients, and what you'll see in our ﬁnancial results, if you watch 
them quarter on quarter over the last couple of years, there is substantial shift from time and 
material to ﬁxed price. That's something, and this year also we have made, signiﬁcant stride 
towards ﬁxed price. And the reason to get to ﬁxed price was unless it's ﬁxed price or outcome-
based, we cannot really apply our solutions, especially that are infused by AI, in order to create 
value. So, this is the ﬁrst step towards it. What we have done is More than 80% of our new 
contracts are ﬁxed price in nature. That's something that we have driven very diligently over the 
last couple of years. And We are also in the process of converting our existing contracts that are 
time and material into — and this is probably the harder part, winning new programs that are 
outcome-based is easier than something that you've been doing with a client many years. So 
that's something that we have embarked on. We'll be converting four of our largest clients in that 
model in this quarter, and we'll take the next four in the next quarter. And that will pretty much 
take us north of 75% overall, in terms of having outcome-based and ﬁxed price The second part 
is there are ﬁve products that we have and we see tremendous growth in all of these ﬁve products 
in the immediate future. And for those products, we have to look at diƯerent licensing models 
that make sense for the clients as well as for us. So that's something that we are doing And the 
last part I already talked about, you know, the services, they need to be in excess of 80% in terms 
of our contracting, the nature of contracting that we have with the clients. So, step number one, 
go deep and wide in our existing T25 clients. Step two, we've been talking about expanding. We've 
been very careful about adding new clients because we wanted to make sure that we do justice 
to the existing clients, go deep and wide before we can add more clients. We have now built 
enough muscles and AI solutions and products do help us substantially. So unlike any other year 
in the past, we added 13 clients. That's a big thing for a company like KPIT who's been very diligent 
about not adding clients. And they come across the three segments that we talk about. We've 
been talking about, for the last two years, we started to talk a little bit about trucks ﬁrst, and then 
we started to talk about oƯ-highway. I'm very happy to say that we have added 4 truck OEMs to 
our list of clients. Initial engagements, and they take time because we want to get into them in a 
strategic manner rather than getting into a dog-eat-dog kind of a world. So it takes time, but we 
have made the breakthrough in case of four I think the success has been greater, and we've been 
actually pleasantly surprised by the response that we got from some of the oƯ-highway players. 
Unlike the pass car companies and the truck companies Some of the oƯ-highway players are 
doing reasonably well. So, you know, they understand, they have the money, they want to invest 
proactively, and hence the timing is working out for us. We have added 6 oƯ-highway OEMs across 
Four diƯerent countries now. Initial engagement, one of them is the big one that Kishor talked 
about earlier on with one OEM in North America. And for us, I think this OEM is important, and the 
assignment is important. We did consulting assignment for them, and based on that, they, 
awarded us with the current generation program, and also the next generation program of, 
software-deﬁned machine. And this becomes sort of a playbook For all the others to follow in the 
oƯ-highway space. You know, unlike passenger car, we have learned to understand the business 
quite well, not just the technology part, but we really understand their business quite well. It takes 
time to understand the business of oƯ-highway  Because there are diƯerent applications. There 
is mining, there is agriculture, and there is construction, right? The three large components of 
highway. We are learning their business so that instead of going inside out, which is, oh, this is 
what we do for pass car , and this is what we have to give it to you We are going outside in, we are 
trying to understand the business applications of their machines, looking at, you know, what are 

Page 13 of 30 
 
the business KPIs and sort of altering the software-deﬁned Machines template for them. So the 
ﬁrst has created a really good playbook, and it's the same playbook that we are going to replay to 
the other three that are in the pipeline now. The second part is So this is the growth strategy There 
were three Pass car OEMs that are really good OEMs. They were not our clients. I think we have 
made breakthrough in all three of them. They happened to be some of the largest OEMs in the 
world. One of them in a very meaningful manner The other two early days but very promising 
engagements. And once we hit all three of them, we would have covered almost all of the major 
pass car  OEMs outside of China All of them, bar none. Right? So, that creates our Pass car story 
little more comprehensive. The three that we have added, there are a lot more quote-unquote 
resilient To the dramatic changes that are happening in the in the pass car area, right? They're 
feeling less of the pressure as compared to some of the other. So, I think that makes the Pass car 
portfolio a lot more stable, for us. The trucks, they've been going through a slump, just the trucking 
industry. Mostly in North America and Europe has been going through a slum for the last nine 
months. Some of it is just seasonality, some of it is just political uncertainty. There will be a pre-
buying that will happen in the second half of 2026 And we believe that the truck business will pick 
up a little bit. The European market as well as North America market is likely to pick up in the 
second half of 2026. And truck market in a very simple manner, right? As soon as the construction 
and everything starts to pick up, their business picks up, and that's when they start to spend 
money, on companies like us. So we do believe that in the second half of the year, the truck guys 
will also open up their wallets and embark on the software-deﬁned truck journey, for the most 
part So essentially the composition of T25 is changing along with this. A, T25 is not really T25 
anymore, it's a lot more than that. And secondly, T25 had most of the OEMs from passenger cars 
Now, the T40 will look a lot more balanced across the three industry segments. The three industry 
segments usually have three diƯerent cycles, so hopefully you know, we'll be able to reduce the 
variability in our business, and we'll have little more, you know, far more balanced growth going 
forward So this has become sort of our horizon one. Now and here, let's go deep and wide in each 
of these accounts and create tremendous value for them. The Horizon 2 is actually micromobility. 
Micromobility, we started working on it Long time ago, actually. But we sort of decided to park it 
in between for about six years. And now we are reviving micromobility because we do have the 
mindshare and the bandwidth to make investments in micromobility And we're going to start 
micromobility from India. And I'll talk a little bit about what does that entail in the next slide. So, 
and the Horizon 3 is what we'll also cover. You know, this is, Horizon 1 is now in here, Horizon 2 
micromobility basically is for tomorrow. What's in it for us, you know, there were some questions 
before We started this session about whether we'll get into other areas of mobility, like aerospace 
and locomotives and some of the others. So, you know, we do have an answer for that, for you as 
well. The third lever is actually growth markets and focus. This is really important from our 
perspective, and talk ﬁrst about India for India. We are headquartered out of India, but our 
business in India has been very, very low over the last 30 years. This is going to change now 
starting this ﬁnancial year. And there are three things about it Number one, the India OEMs are 
truly becoming competitive, not only in India, but by global standards. You've seen that. Number 
two, the global OEMs have started to take India a lot more seriously, and they want to build India 
for India products here Some of them have started to see substantial loss in their market share in 
China. India is the next big market, so they're looking at for India for India, so that creates an 
opportunity for us. Third is There are There are companies in India, conglomerates in India, that 
want to get into pass car business. And the best way for them, the fastest way for them to get into 
that is to buy platforms from China. This is something that has started to happen. We are involved 
in about 3 diƯerent conversations about the same It also creates an opportunity where we can 
bring a platform from China, a car vehicle platform from China and sort of help the India OEM get 

Page 14 of 30 
 
into production faster. And Software and system integrator for all of them, and validation what 
Anup talked about earlier on to put the vehicle on the road The last but not the least part is, as 
Indian economy grows, trucks and oƯ-highway, as the network of infrastructure improves, trucks 
and oƯ-highway will become more and more relevant, and I think we are ready. The name here is, 
I think, the traditional services that we've been able to sell in markets like Germany, North 
America, and Japan they are not going to be the same here in India, so we'll drive growth through 
solutions and products as well. That's about India. The second part is about China. We've been 
talking about our presence in China. We have had presence for more than 15 years. Two years 
ago, we decided to revamp and refresh the presence that we have with four objectives. Number 
one. Go there to learn from China and bring those learnings to our global OEMs. That's something 
that we've been doing. Omkar, Anup, both of them spend substantial amount of time with our 
team in China to capture those learnings and apply them for the OEMs outside of China. This is 
step number one. Step number two is to work with our global OEMs who have presence in China 
and help them salvage their market share. And I think there are going to be more and more 
opportunities. You see companies like GM, Volkswagen Group making a comeback to some 
extent in China. By launching China for China vehicles, you know, that are market ready. So the 
second thing is to help them remain relevant in Chinese market. The third part, which I talked 
about in context of India, is to take China OEM platforms or help Chinese OEM become 
successful outside of China. You all know there is intense competition. China is a 30 million 
passenger car market And there are close to 100 OEMs. After 50 that have gone bankrupt. So now 
we are left with maybe 99. So it's a crowded space, brutally competitive. So the Chinese OEMs 
have no choice but to look outside of China And, you know, there is a role that KPIT can play to 
help them penetrate into some of the other speciﬁc markets. That takes me to the third part, 
which is Southeast Asia. India, China, now and here. Southeast Asia is for tomorrow. Whatever 
we will build in India in terms of our oƯerings for micro mobility, we are going to take As well as 
our solutions to Southeast Asia. And why do we bring up Southeast Asia? Because there are very 
few OEMs. There are a couple of them in Malaysia, one of them is owned by Chinese, there is one 
in Vietnam, right? It's not just about that. China also is looking at countries like Vietnam and 
Thailand as their gateway towards the rest of the world, right? So you'll see presence of Chinese 
OEMs increasing in Vietnam and Thailand, and that's why, you know, we believe that our learnings 
from India will be a lot more applicable to countries in Southeast Asia Last but not the least, we 
are not just thinking about today and tomorrow, we are also thinking about day after tomorrow. 
And the next market, the next horizon of action and activity is going to be in the Middle East and 
Africa. And we are already thinking, what does it mean The oƯerings that we have for the 
developer are diƯerent than the oƯerings that we have for India and China. Similarly, the oƯerings 
for Africa are going to be very diƯerent, but they're going to be built on the back of the oƯerings 
that we'll create for India So that's something that we'll look into day after tomorrow. So that's 
really from geography perspective, that's really our Horizon 3. This is Looking at adjacencies 
beyond the three segments that we talked about. Number one, Pass car.  More than 75% of our 
business continues to come from Pass car today. Second is oƯ-highway, picking up quite fast for 
us, and we remain quite bullish. However, we started to look at micro-mobility, and we have 
Pushpahas.  He's running micromobility for us. We have sort of revived our focus on micromobility 
after taking a break for, six years, and this is about looking at two-wheelers and three-wheelers 
and the last mile connectivity, where, the real opportunity is not only in terms of creating eƯicient 
propulsion and  A vehicle engineering design, but the after-sale products and solutions become 
very relevant to them. So that's something that we started to work on. We signed a partnership 
with Hero Motors recently, and that's our great way of really getting a ﬁrsthand feel for what does 
this look like and how we can take it to others in India and beyond. The question now is, what is 

Page 15 of 30 
 
deep tech? Deep tech is something that we are sensing and scanning at this point in time, which 
is really our Horizon 3. And this is where the rest of mobility… we are trying to see what are the 
areas where we have core competencies And how they can be made relevant to these new areas. 
Now, deep tech, you can talk about robotics, you can talk about aerospace, you can talk about 
space tech. Any of these areas within the realm of mobility, we believe that many things that we 
do, from technology perspective, are relevant to them, but it takes time to understand what that 
market is all about and what their KPIs are, and most importantly. What is that compelling reason 
that those OEMs would want to work with KPIT? So this is something that we need to ﬁgure out 
during the course of this year and next year, but pretty soon we'll be getting into some of these 
areas. So this is another ﬂavor that we wanted to give you in terms Thinking about three horizons 
in terms of the geographies, as well as the market segments. Now, the next question is, okay, this 
will bring back growth What does that mean to the bottom line of KPIT? And we have provide 
directionally that We'll be able to hold on to our EBITDA in the immediate future. In spite of the 
headwinds, we'll capitalize on the tailwinds that we have, but more importantly, in the midterm, 
we want to increase our margins. We are very clear about that, so that our ability to invest 
continue to make investment in the future technologies, you know remains valid Here are the 
levers by which we are improving our eƯiciency overall. So, let me start with the last one ﬁrst. Over 
the last three years, consistently per person revenue and per person contribution for KPIT has 
gone up And we believe that it will continue to go up in future. That means there can be a 
tremendous cost leverage in terms of overall eƯiciency and improvement. This is going to be one 
of the most important levers in future Now, I'll go in the ﬁrst through four sort of a sequence. 
Number one, I already talked about why it's important to get into outcome-based model, right? 
We want to get into outcome-based model so that we can help our clients get to their production 
program.  faster, cheaper, and in a more reliable manner. And we can also free up their bandwidth 
to do other things that are relevant to them, right? Whereas we take care of delivering entire 
software very well tested, integrated on the road for them Second part is, Anup talked about the 
set of solutions, I forget which color it was on Anup's presentation, but we have a whole bunch of 
solutions that we have built. And essentially They create tremendous value for the clients, and 
they also shorten the timeframes towards production for our clients. So more we do. You know, 
greater beneﬁt the clients get without compromising our margins  The third part is we already 
talked about products. They are sort of the backbone. Anup actually demonstrated the V cycle. 
The V cycle also has AI infrastructure. You know, there are set of tools There are also KPIT tools 
from Technica and KPIT's own tools. So we are not just limiting ourselves in this case to the 
software part, correct? It's a complete V Cycle solution that we take to our clients And then in the 
new markets, whether it's India, China, Southeast Asia and Africa. Unlike the Western world 
where we started with services and then sort of we are in the process of graduating to solutions 
and products, we'll take the products and solutions ﬁrst approach to the new market, starting 
with India, Southeast Asia, and then in Africa Right? And that means, you know, it's going to be a 
lot more cost-eƯective for the buyers, and a lot more proﬁtable for KPIT. So these are the ﬁve 
levers by which we believe that That will give us the ability to continue to make tremendous 
investments in the future of our technologies, at the same time have proﬁtable growth for our 
company. Switching gears a little bit and I wanted to take a couple of minutes to talk about While 
we love to talk about the technology that we bring and the diƯerence that we make to mobility, we 
are also very proud of our vision. When new beginning of KPIT happened in early 2019. It took us 
about 9 months to come up with a vision. We involved about 300 people to come up with the 
vision of the company, and we came up with the vision of reimagining mobility with you. You know, 
all of our stakeholders for cleaner, safer, and smarter world. And one thing that we are 500% 
proud of, among other things, is everything that we do Each one of us, all 13,000 employees 

Page 16 of 30 
 
across the globe, we help our OEMs make their vehicles cleaner, safer, or smarter. So we are very 
proud of making our vision the reality. We live it every day and We are very fortunate position to 
be doing that. However, it's one thing to have the vision and align your business model towards 
the vision. I think that's something that has happened really well From sustainability perspective, 
we needed to do something more. And for that, we launched EcoVoyage two years ago with a very 
speciﬁc ESG related goals. And we have actually signed up with science based targets now And 
we are committed to being a net- zero organization by 2050. But there is an important milestone 
that we will hit in 2030, which is reducing our own carbon footprint by more than 40%. And we are 
already made tremendous progress towards it So this is one part. On the environment side, that's 
what we have signed up for, and that's what we will do, and we are pretty sure When you put in 
science-based target, it's cast in stone. So we just wanted to give ourselves A little more space 
by signing up for 2050. Our internal goal, obviously, is to achieve it before 2040. We'll see how it 
goes. Anup and Gaurav with AI have created new complications for us, so we have to learn to deal 
with that On the social front, I think this is something that we've been doing since the beginning 
of our organization. We've been committed to the social causes, anchored on three E's. It's 
environment, education, energy, with employee engagement. That has been our CSR sort of 
tagline. And all the work that we do has tremendous impact on the environment. We also take a 
lot of initiatives to educate people right from school-going kids to College going to PhD programs. 
And that's something that we continue to do on a large scale. Just having targets related to 
environment and social is not good enough, you need to have solid governance to lead with that, 
and we have created a… A, we have made commitments, and secondly, we have put a stringent 
governance to make sure that we are staying on top of it.  This is what I wanted to share with all of 
you. I would love to talk to you about midterm outlook, but you may want to hear this from Kishor. 
So Kishor Back to you. Thank you. 
 
 Kishor Patil:I will also get claps at the end of this. So this is what we had talked about FY27. It's 
ﬁrst we have to say that it's a positive environment in FY27. I must say that all across we are seeing 
a good traction. I think we have some little bit of a few issues to tackle in the early part of the year, 
but we are seeing a very positive environment FY27. Two of our largest SDV programs coming to 
an end, but the revenue will be largely compensated by growth in newly acquired accounts. So 
that's the second part I want to consider Continuation of this program would have resulted in 4 to 
5 sequential growth for the year. So you can just say we would have been a very, very good 
situation. Little bit now, it will get compromised, but I just wanted to tell you the kind of growth we 
are creating into new accounts Solid growth is expected from trucks and oƯ-highway, USA, India. 
India, we will be Almost doubling, it's a small base, but doubling the revenue and China, which is 
also, again, have grown reasonably well Connected vehicles, after sales, and autonomous driving 
which we are expecting growth, which these are the areas where we will have substantial growth 
We expect 30% year-on-year revenue growth in solution and products, and we hope it will 
increase over the period. This is very important because this will drive the proﬁtability also, as 
Sachin mentioned, it will drive proﬁtability EBITDA 20.5 to 21.2 post increasing investment in AI 
solutions and products competency development and new markets. So, we will increase our 
proﬁtability. We are just given a range because the currency movements, etc. We really don't 
know what happens, and it has a reasonable impact This is about FY27. In midterm, we believe 
the growth is driven by wallet share improvement in the current account, new account wins, 
which we are very, very They are very promising, and expansion across new geography and 
adjacencies. See, I will tell you one thing. We will pick up adjacency, Sachin talked about it, where 
we can really pivot our automotive-like story in next four years And this has to be an area which is 

Page 17 of 30 
 
of a high spend in a really tech-enabled area, very tech-enabled area. And we will only go for 
leadership. We'll only go for the leadership in the medium term. That's what we are used to and 
that's what we will Go for We have opportunity for annualized sustainable double-digit growth. 
And I can tell you that I have been a little We want to be… make sure that we do not want to 
overcommit. We have generally done this. We will be in a position to… we believe that the 
opportunity is big, and if little bit of a help from environment, we can signiﬁcantly grow in years to 
come. Again, go back to the old days 50% revenue share to be achieved from solutions and 
product. This is very important. And See, the revenue part, which is in FY26, which is 85% of our, 
this 15% is solution and product, which will move to 60% in 3 years. And this is in terms of 40%. 
So we expect the EBITDA to be between 22% to 24% from where we are today. So this is what we 
are looking at. We do believe that we can bring back a signiﬁcant proﬁtable growth in the medium 
term. Medium term is year after this next two years, next few years And we can again go back to 
the ways we are more familiar with and build a much larger canvas for us growth, not only for next 
two years, but much longer time. That's what we are looking for And This is what we have. Thank 
you very much for the time and we'll take the questions. Thank you. 
 Moderator: So let's begin with our question and answer session. Can we please begin with you, 
sir? You can introduce yourself.  
 Chandramouli Muthiah: Hi, Chandra Malimutaya from Goldman Sachs. Thank you very much 
for the detailed presentations to all the members of the management who presented Very useful 
insights to understand the journey going forward. I have three questions. The ﬁrst one is just on 
this pivot On your sort of slide on the industry that mostly incremental spend over the next few 
years might be in the AD/ADAS  space. And KPIT in the past has had a reasonably good share of 
its own revenue come from AD/ADASAt this stage, it looks like most of the spend on AD/ADAS, the 
big spend is happening with the new age OEMs. VMO, Tesla Some of the Chinese OEMs, some of 
the Korean OEMs. So just want to understand amongst the legacy players, which is your key 
focus, how AD/ADAS will progress in that context. Majority of the spend be with some of the new 
age OEMs, and how KPIT can leverage itself for that opportunity. Second one is just to understand 
the 4 to 5% sequential growth opportunity through FY27 if there was no ramp down in the two 
large programs you spoke about So at this stage, KPIT is close to a$ 750 million kind of revenue 
organization. So just want to understand on an annual basis, what is the gap in revenue that has 
to be covered with these newly acquired accounts to do the growth aspiration that you might have 
for the year In FY27 And the third bit is just on the 22 to 24% EBITDA margin range What are the 
drivers of that transition from the current sort of mid-20%, 20.5% kind of range to a 22% to 24% 
range? Is that more to do with products and solutions being a larger share What's the diƯerence 
between products and solutions versus what the legacy business is in terms of margin 
opportunity set and what role does AI play in that sort of transition? So those are my three 
questions. Thank you. 
 
 Kishor Patil: So, ﬁrst thing is on autonomous part I will take it from there. So it's for every client. 
For example, any legacy OEMs which they have built the solutions. They have been in a person to 
go to level 2 or 2 plus level, and now they have to move towards that. And there they have realized 
most of them, they have realized that they will have to source from… they will have a diƯerent 
partner Like, for example, if you talk about Chinese, or that part, there's a player called Momenta. 
If you talk about other players, I mean, we talked about Helm, where we had them this, there are 
players in Europe, so You know, these are this. I think we, as I mentioned earlier, the main 
opportunity for us ﬁrst, this is an opportunity across theOEM. That's where the spent I said it will 

Page 18 of 30 
 
accelerate. Last few years, if you know it had slowed oƯ the autonomous area. So it will 
accelerate And our opportunity is in terms of validation and simulation and what we get today. 
There are few things we have demonstrating how things will work also, how we will do it, but that 
will be the big area for us. And also, of course, some of the areas we can add to that The second 
part is oƯ highway or commercial vehicles. They are looking at also autonomy And, so that is 
another area which will be the area of growth. And so I think these are some of the area. In some 
new adjacencies we are talking about, there are also autonomy opportunities. So, these are… this 
is, I hope I have answered the question whether it is this. Just to tell you, we do work with all this 
company, including Momenta Now, we also sell our products to some of these companies. We 
also work in their implementations for other clients. So, we already have that experience and this 
kind That's the ﬁrst question. The second question I will take, and I will come to this is the margin. 
The margin growth will come through As we said, we believe that We will be in a position to 
increase our gross contribution signiﬁcantly through our approach of solutions and products Of 
course, you know the products typically the gross margins will be much higher. The solutions, 
also the margins will be higher because we will have our own I would say we call it PTS. We have 
the assets, reusable assets, along with the AI infused solutions. We will be in a position to really 
improve our margins substantially. And that is really the way we have built our organization within 
the practices we have. So with that, we will be in a position to improve the margins. So that's the 
ﬁrst part. The second part is, of course, the business model change Which we will do and which 
is becoming more ﬁxed price, AI infused solutions. So these are a couple of areas, which I can 
call out. And there may be, I mean, of course, as, Sachin mentioned, we will be Using AI internally 
so we can have eƯiciency in terms of SG&A and all that. But the key drivers are the ﬁrst two I talked 
about. The third area you asked me about 4-5%, I just mentioned this about this year Because 
this was a big program, this is a big drop for us for the ﬁrst half of the year, and that will be a 
signiﬁcant part for us, so you know the calculations, right? If it is a 4%, what, the 3 to 4% if you 
look at our quarter revenue. So that's something kind of an impact we will have, and we will try to 
First cover that and then later on go beyond it.  
 
 Chandramouli Muthiah: That's helpful. Just, just to clarify that, so 4-5% is 4Q to 1Q? And once 
you sort of lap that, then that's sort of behind you for the rest of the year. 
 Kishor Patil:  
I mean, it will be, I mean, we are… so there are two things I want to say is these clients We already 
have more pipeline We are going for some more work. The only thing is there is a gap. It's not that 
this is stopped and then you will get that. Also, at some point of time, they will look at the new 
architecture, new production programs, other parts. So we have those kind of engagement. They 
may not exactly be equal to the kind of a drop we may have, but even these clients, we have more 
business to cover. So, ﬁrst is something we will make up by that, and the second we will make up 
by the newer clients which we 
 
 Chandramouli Muthiah:  Got it, got it, and then just the other follow-up question I had is just on 
the current state of spending, so I think Sachin, you mentioned there's been challenge after 
challenge over the past four or ﬁve years, which you've sort of tried to manage through. And in the 
current environment where there's higher oil prices globally, and then the automotive companies 
in certain geographies might have some shortfall in cash ﬂow. What impact does that have on 

Page 19 of 30 
 
maybe the near term in terms of when they choose to reopen their purses broader futuristic R&D 
and spending. 
 
 Sachin Tikekar: We have not seen the impact on the OEMs yet because of the conﬂict that we 
are seeing at this point in time. We'll see when it gets resolved. I think if it continues beyond three 
to six months, it'll have repercussions, you That will be macro. At that time, we may have to think 
about it, but today we are not in any of our conversation with any of our clients. This is not coming 
up.I think they're solely focused on rationalizing their costs and creating funds. You know, to 
invest into the future programs. I think that's what they're solely focused on. So, those 
conversations are not coming in. It may impact the truck business faster than the Pass car 
business if this continues beyond a period of time. So we are watchful about it. All our clients are 
watchful about it, but nobody's taking any actions as of now. 
 Chandramouli Muthiah: Got it and just lastly, there was an interesting presentation on the India 
opportunity, global for India, India for India. I think you've already announced an engagement with 
JSW Motors, which potentially comes out with their ﬁrst vehicle for India. Later this year. So I just 
want to understand today What is India as a percentage of your revenue and in your journey over 
the next three to ﬁve years, where do you envision this as a contributor, just given that a lot of the 
new EVs, new hybrids that are coming into the Indian market are pretty software intensive? 
 
 Kishor Patil: Right now, we are about 4% of our revenues are from India and they will increase 
substantially. The share will go up and we do believe If it is going to be the third largest market. 
That's why we are doubling down. I mean, if it is going to be, in my view, 10 years, second largest 
market, we would like to really double down and play a very dominant role in this market. All right, 
thank you very much and all the best. 
 Sachin Tikekar: Thank you. 
Question 2 
 Vimal Gohil: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity, sir. This is Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital. 
Sir, my question is around, you mentioned reusable assets and solutions in the presentation. I 
just wanted to ask, how are we compete… how are these solutions competing with the Chinese 
counterparts? Because one, globally we've seen a massive ﬂip ﬂop. So EVs took a backseat last 
year. Now suddenly you're seeing the near term data on EVs growing 50% in some markets 
because of what we are seeing on the oil price. So there could be another ﬂip on that. And the 
OEMs will have to be very, very agile There are certain quick-to-use Chinese products or IPs 
available. Plus, there is the Google and the Apple ecosystem also that's available on the front 
end. So How are our products sort of working over there? That's, that's point number one. And 
lastly, on this R&D aggressive experimentation strategy that we've sort of capitalized over the last 
3, 4, 5 years That is moving towards more disciplined capital eƯiciency, you know, by these OEMs. 
So, how are we looking to maneuver that aspect? That will be helpful. 
 
 Kishor Patil: I'll give you a personal answer you can add if you want to. The second answer I will 
tell you is we talked about is improving our wallet share and coming out, going with a product and 
solution. So, instead of, see, fundamentally the shift in the services business is having Doing a 

Page 20 of 30 
 
work with somebody else in terms of a TNM or then later on in terms of getting work done, then 
whether we can do it ourselves, whether we can do it in GCS versus Having a solution, full-ﬂedged 
solution, somebody ready to take the ownership and doing it faster and with innovation. So that 
is the basically fundamental thing, and that's why we mentioned about how we will increase our 
wallet share, and that is something we measure every time. So, I think that's how we would like to 
increase that. The second thing is, we showed the McKinsey numbers also. There is a shift in the 
spend But actually, the overall spend is increasing. Somewhere else, it will get cut down, but the 
overall spend is… will increase. So this is the answer for the second question. About the Chinese 
OEM, I can tell you that there are Chinese has been very successful in China When you go outside 
China, their ecosystem does not work. One of the best beneﬁt of Chinese OEM is in China, is 
because of their ecosystem And one of the reason this might favor with KPIT is also because of a 
very strong partner and a trusted partner to the OEM outside China. So that's why they are ready 
to partner with us for going outside China. Many of these we ﬁnd more traction than others. To 
answer your question, we believe with AI-based and solutions, our solutions will be as good, if 
not better, because many of these solutions are localized also They need a localizer law, localize 
proven way of working. China is a special market. It works in a diƯerent way. So, having that 
understanding of diƯerent market, working in that market will give us a unique advantage. 
 
 Vimal Gohil: So just one clariﬁcation or one question here, a fresh question is, some of these 
Chinese specialists, automotive ER&D specialists are working at are working with very high gross 
margins. That is, their revenue per employee is Signiﬁcantly higher, but Their investments into 
R&D are far, far above the industry average. And they're working on negative EBITDA margins. In 
that context, and plus we are, you know, sort of… and they're going global as well. They are 
working with some of these larger OEMs. We are sort of… we will be encountering them when we 
sit across the table for most of these OEMs that we work with And To that extent, we are talking of 
expansion of EBITDA margins from the current 20-odd levels to 22 to 24. If you can just maybe 
reconcile the math here, that we are competing with them, plus we are talking about expanding 
EBITDA margins.  
 
 Kishor Patil: So, I mean, you are, I don't know whether you have a speciﬁc example, but we know 
all the Chinese players. I mean, there's some places we have come across some of these, but we 
can compete with them favorably outside China. In China, we are building our capacity to 
basically We talked about in the certain products and solutions, like, I mean, just to give you the 
validation of the products which we have, we are selling it to all the all the top OEMs in China. 
Where also if you look at some solutions like after sales, these are, we are selling, there is a very 
good interest in China to do that. So, I don’t see anything. I'm sure they will be good at some 
places. I'm not saying, you know, everywhere will be the.Sachin Tikekar:  
So, let me add to what Kishore is saying. If you look at China, number one, it's their EV platform 
or their batteries. That's their biggest export as of now. The second part, their hope is they will also 
sell the software platform, right, on top of that So, to us, the EV platform and the batteries 
complement. This is where we can play the integration, validation, production, because they 
don't have that experience, they don't have the local capability. So for some of our OEMs, we are 
already working with Chinese tier ones or tier twos for that matter, to help them go into production 
Right? So that is very complementary to what we are doing. As far as the software stack is 
concerned, that's where the exposure could be Yes, potential threat, but I think we're going to take 

Page 21 of 30 
 
them head on. And that's why, you know, Anup presented the V-Cycle and the solutions that we 
are building. We think that they are a lot more robust, and they are actually localized in diƯerent 
markets where Chinese have not don't have the same kind of experience. So yes, there are going 
to be complementary in some areas. There will be some competition, but I think, you know, I think 
we are on. 
 
 Vimal Gohil: Thank you. Sir, one percentage of revenue is coming from China that will help. 
You've given the number on India. That is 4%.  
Kishor Patil:  
We would not like to talk about that, but it is similar to India 
 Vimal Gohil: Thank you so much, sir, and all the best. Thank you.  
 
Question 3 
 Hiren Ved: Hiren here. I just want a sense of, you know, when I just see the automotive 
landscape, at least also in India, is that somehow over the last few years, the Japanese seem to 
have lost their way Right? I mean, there used to be a lot of new products The Japanese OEMs were 
looked at very favorably in a country like India for reliability of their cars, fuel eƯiciency, etc. Last 
few years, they seem to have lost their mojo. It so happens that also your ramp down seems to be 
from a Japanese OEM, right? And I think  When there was a wave, early wave of electriﬁcation and 
EV, I think they were still batting and rooting for hybrids, maybe hybrids will also, all three will 
coexist But even… what are you seeing? What are these Japanese OEMs thinking? Because they 
are very large players globally Right and not just in India, but I somehow feel that there seem to 
be losing their way even globally What is the thinking? I mean, do you think that… I mean, usually 
they take a lot of time to decide, and then they move, and hopefully that will help us get more 
business from the Japanese OEMs?  
 
 Sachin Tikekar: You know, let's talk about three speciﬁc ones, the biggest one, if you look at 
them, they've done reasonably well as compared to anybody else. The big Japanese OEM, right? 
Toyota. They're still the biggest, the drop in their proﬁtability was comparatively lower. Sales 
actually went up Compared to everybody else. So, they are fairly resilient because they are… they 
have global footprint, and they have been able to localize their products everywhere, right? So, 
they do have a lead of… and they are the ones, if you look at on the SDV journey. They are the most 
backward Right? So that says something about it. So they do have a little bit of a runway. You 
know, before they start to lose market share in the bigger markets. I'm talking about globally, it's 
about India, generally speaking. So, now, I think there is an opportunity For us to help someone 
like Toyota rapidly get on to the SDV journey, and also get into multiple powertrains, right? They're 
still number one when it comes to hybrid, right? They were the ﬁrst ones, and they continue to 
dominate, and I think in some markets, it makes perfect sense. For instance, U.S, right, which is 
the most proﬁtable market for them So, yes, they have taken a little bit longer. They decided to 
double down on hybrid as opposed to web. But if you look at what they have done in China, Toyota 
launched a battery electric vehicle with level two plus autonomy stack from from momenta 
actually, and they're actually gaining slight bit of market share in China, right? So, I think they are 

Page 22 of 30 
 
taking some steps to get there, and to us, it's an opportunity. Nissan has gone through a diƯicult 
period, but they are coming back slowly, right? I think they're cutting costs dramatically, and 
they're trying to ﬁgure out which are the markets that are really important to them, and where 
they'll remain relevant. For Honda, US is the market right now. That's where they make money and 
that's where really well and people believe in Honda cars in the US. However, they've sort of all 
three of them, except for Toyota in the recent past. They have dramatically lost their market share 
in China, right? So that's where they lost the game. And because Chinese presence is also 
expanding in Southeast Asia and Latin America, that's where they're facing competition on the 
battery electric vehicle. However, these markets, it's only 10-15% battery electric vehicle 
penetration. As far as the remaining 80-85%, it's still Toyota, largely, and maybe a bit of Honda 
and Nissan in those. So, to your point, yes, there is a challenge. All three of them are dealing with 
it a little diƯerently But I think in the recent past, there has been a bigger wake-up call, and you 
have started to see actions from Nissan in the last one year, and you'll see similar actions from 
Honda in the next month or two. Right? To really ﬁnd out which market are going to deﬁne them in 
future and what's going to be their diƯerentiator. They're betting big, they've been betting big on 
hydrogen, on sodium cells as well So, I think they're trying to now disrupt the China. They probably 
given up on the pure battery electric part, right? They are saying now how to disrupt China Beyond 
battery electric. That's the thinking. So we'll see how this unfolds, but I think you're spot on. 
Nissan has been in trouble now, Honda is getting in trouble, and if Toyota doesn't change their 
ways, they can potentially get in trouble in a couple of years. 
 
 Moderator: Thank you so much, sir, for the answers. Our next question is by Mr. Arun. I'd like to 
request Arun to kindly introduce himself. Along with his organization's name. 
 Arun:  
 Moderator:  Arun: Hi, my name is Arun, and I am a qualiﬁed chartered accountant. I'm from Syrian 
Alpha. Just having one question. You mentioned about the middleware and the Qorixpart, right? 
When do we expect these things to get normalized, and we can expect some incremental 
contribution on the Qorixpart? 
 
 Kishor Patil:I think I mentioned a bit that when the new architecture programs will start coming 
in, I think that's when that will come. But in oƯ-highway commercial, there is already an 
opportunity for us to introduce. So There are Both on Pass car as well as OƯ Highway Commercial, 
it will take some time, because we're typically With multiple changes, there is a one to two years 
delay in these programs. So, that's when it would come up. Anup, you have any quick.  
 
Sachin Tikekar:  
And, you know, just one clariﬁcation, not all Middleware from KPIT perspective equals to Qorix is 
a platform, so Qorix platform, wherever it goes, KPIT will go in terms of its implementation partner. 
However, the middleware demand will, to Kishor's point, will sort of start to pick up for us in trucks 
and oƯ-highway as we do more and more of their software-deﬁned machine programs. 
 

Page 23 of 30 
 
 Arun: Understood. Just one more thing, these TCV's been this quarter, there is a signiﬁcant jump, 
and, coincidentally, it is at the same time when we are seeing these two big SDVs are coming to 
an end Just trying to understand, like, how we manage the signiﬁcant jump in this TCV region this 
particular quarter, and not in the earlier quarters. And secondly, how do you think, like, what can 
be the, new base for this TCV wins for us, maybe in the, in the upcoming quarters. 
 
 Kishor Patil: The ﬁrst thing is, we are happy that I hope you are also happy that it has come in 
time. It has come on the back of oƯ highway commercial and few other strong wins we had and 
also other our traditional clients also So it's not it's a process, I think it just worked out during this 
quarter. I can't say speciﬁcally what it is, but typically, I think I would say that, I mean, I cannot 
say what is the minimum we will earn every quarter in terms of wins, but I think I… looking at the 
market, I think we see that much stronger wins as compared to the last year required. 
 
 Sachin Tikekar: I think quarter or quarter, there will be variability because they are very diƯerent. 
But if you take a six monthly yearly view, you'll see change year on year quite a bit in a positive 
direction. 
 
 Kishor Patil: And please understand some of these are multi-year, so that's why what Sachin 
mentioned, if you win one largest, it may not happen every quarter, but Typically, we see a stronger 
traction as compared to the last. 
 Arun: Got it, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
 
 Moez Chandani: Hi, good evening. This is Mohe Chandani from Ambit. So my ﬁrst question was, 
in your conversations with European and North American OEMs, how are they responding to all 
the challenges that they're facing? They saw EVs decline signiﬁcantly at two write-oƯ, now they're 
facing competition with China Is the focus right now very ﬁrmly on cost consolidation, where they 
just want to preserve their market share? Or do you see any change in terms of appetite for them 
to maybe even increase or improve their SDV spends? That's the ﬁrst question.  
 Sachin Tikekar: Sure. So, two separate markets, diƯerent strategies, right? If you look at 
generalizing, ﬁrst let's take Europe because that's where the pressure is the highest. You know, 
there are tariƯs and then there is more intense Chinese competition, not only in Europe, but also 
in China for the European OEMs, right? So they are under a lot more pressure than the American 
ones at this point in time. So their strategy is, essentially, they have to dramatically reduce their 
costs. So two things. A, cost of the product and cost of production. That's really their focus. If you 
look at it, there are still, when we look at them, there are still a lot of ineƯiciencies. They've been 
working with… their ecosystem is also it's very localized to Germany and Western Europe, 
sometimes in Eastern Europe. So they're taking a very hard look What was working in their favor 
is going against them now, right? This is what helped them build Through engineering excellence, 
right, and the kind of vehicles that they have built, but now that is getting disrupted because of 
the Chinese OEM. So, A, they have to let go, of that, and then they have to look at New set of 
partners. You know some will come from China, some will come from India. And that's exactly 
what they are going through. And The net-net of that is, A, there is a lot of costs that they can save, 

Page 24 of 30 
 
both on the product side as well as in the production side, by just re-looking at how they do this 
work, right, and with whom they do this work, right? So there is tremendous headroom for them 
To reduce the cost, there. So that's what we are seeing in Europe at this point in time, with all the 
three OEMs. Now, one of them speciﬁcally is already thinking about the future Right? And the 
other two will start to think in pockets they are already thinking about it, but they'll think about it, 
you know, maybe once they get their cost Little bit lot more aligned to the future business, right? 
So that's some color to what we are seeing at… and I'm generalizing this for all of Europe. When I 
say this, it's mostly about Germany. Of course, there is… there are other nuances in UK and 
France In North America, there are two now besides Tesla. And for them, they are in a protected 
market. If you see 80% of their GM and Ford are actually in North America. And that's where they 
don't have Chinese competition Right? And their hope is that they will not have Chinese 
competition in the immediate future. So, their view is very diƯerent. They are actually investing in 
the future, and when it comes to General Motors, they're actually working on the second 
generation of SDV as we speak, correct? The other one has scrapped their next generation, but 
they're working on an intermediate kind of a, so, I think the approaches are very diƯerent. They 
are remaining focused on the vehicles that make money for them in the US, which are largely the 
SUVs And they're doubling down on that, right? If you look at it, there is very little demand for 
electric vehicles in the US, especially now that the beneﬁts have gone away, right? The 
government support has gone away. So, you know, they're scrapping electric programs and 
doubling down on ice as well as hybrid, right? One of them has created a separate company in 
California that they think can compete with the Chinese Right? So, what does that mean, right? 
In Europe, it creates a tremendous opportunity for us to be part of their new ecosystem in a more 
strategic manner. And in the US, we are already part of their future programs that are necessary 
for them to remain relevant and competitive in the US. Now, in the US, for these two OEMs, even 
though they don't have competition from China, but guess who they have competition from? It's 
the other OEMs from Japan, Korea and Europe, correct? Because for them, China is not their 
number one market anymore, it's the US, right? So they still have to remain competitive in their 
own way, and that creates an opportunity forKPIT. 
 Moez Chandani: Got it. Thank you for that very detailed response. Secondly, if I'm just looking at 
the oƯ-highway segment, right, and that's something that you've talked about will be a big growth 
driver. Now, I understand the size of these automotive software market for Pass car, but how big 
do you think is the market for oƯ highway? And is adoption or requirement for software really as 
high to compensate for any decline that you're seeing in the pass car segments? 
 Sachin Tikekar: So, number one, just to get this out of the way, there is no decline that we are 
seeing, you know, if you remember our second slide, we do believe that the spend will go up. There 
is a reset of that spend, but the spend will go up in Pass car. So we are not giving up on passenger 
cars. It's our bread and butter will continue to remain our bread and butter going forward. 
However, as the size of our company grows, we need to also expand our horizon in a very strategic 
manner. That's exactly what we are doing by looking at trucks and oƯ-highway. The spend is very 
diƯerent. A, the number OEMs that exist in trucks outside of China are very limited. There are ﬁve 
that dominate probably 80% of the market share globally right outside of China. So the spend is 
limited to them. OƯ-highway is a diƯerent thing, right? I think there are specialists in diƯerent 
countries. There are ﬁve big ones globally, but then there are a lot of local ones in Europe, in India, 
Southeast Asia, and so forth, right? And in the US as well. Their spend is not quite as much as 
passenger car. I mean, number of vehicles sold, right? We are talking about 90 million versus Less 
than a million, right? So it's not the same. However, their applications are very diƯerent And They 

Page 25 of 30 
 
are 15 years behind when it comes to making investments in software So that creates headroom 
for us to grow for the next several years, along with that If that answers your question.  
 
 Moez Chandani: Thanks for that. And just lastly, trying to understand these ramp downs that 
you're talking about a little bit better. Was it that this was a planned ramp down, where, you know, 
a project basically naturally ended its life cycle, or was there a change in strategy that caused this 
decline, and you also see some of your other large projects also ramping down, say, at the end of 
FY27 or in FY28?  
Sachin Tikekar:  
No, very good question, and I'm glad you asked that question, because it's one was a plan, and 
we are very proud to say that it'll be an SDV hitting the ground running in a more eƯicient manner 
in the next 3 to 6 months. So that's the program that we'll get over. We are already signing up for 
serial life programs with them. The Quantum will not be same as the The large one-time SDV 
program that we did, but it's, you know, it's the future work that we'll continue to do with this OEM. 
The other one was a surprise, not only to us, but to the rest of the world, when that OEM decided 
to stop their EV programs The launch of this, and they decided to take a$ 15 billion hit, one-time 
hit right on their balance sheet. So that was Surprise and You know, very unpleasant one for us 
But that's life The other question is A, in the foreseeable future, we don't see any other programs 
coming to an abrupt end Right? I'm just quickly scanning all our OEM engagement as you asked 
that question. Not likely at this point in time. We don't see it. Deﬁnitely to not deﬁnitely To the tune 
of what we saw with this particular OEM Right? So So that's really the second part. But the reason 
we talked about building resilience growth is we have to be ready for these kinds of surprises. 
Some are pleasant, some are not so pleasant So irrespective of that, we need to learn to grow 
 Moez Chandani: Okay, great. Thank you so much. 
 
 Abhishek Gupta:  
So Abhishek Gupta from Access Mutual Fund. So, just to start it on this quarter, there was a 
decline in the strategic clients, revenue from the strategic clients. So, there's SDV programs which 
has got stopped in the, like, it really stopped in the next two quarters. Does it have an incremental 
impact on the, like Was they our strategic client ﬁrst of all, and that had the impact incremental 
impact in this quarter in that account First on that and second is Yes. And on the Japan markets, 
so basically Honda is declining for us, right? And despite of that, we are seeing growth in the Japan 
market. So is an incrementally, we are seeing is the SDV program for them is stopping and that 
might impact our incoming quarters But the growth which we saw in this Japan market in this 
quarter, is it a more of a one-time thing or it's gonna be like incremental opportunities there over 
there, but it won't be able to backﬁll the Hyundai yet? 
 
 Sachin Tikekar: The ﬁrst question is, the plan rap-down of one OEM that has been happening, 
as it gets to the production. So, some of the strategic business that has gone down with one 
planned OEM, it actually started to impact Not only in Q4, but in Q3 as well, right? So, little bit 
happened in Q3, a little bit happened in Q4, will feel more impact in Q1 now, of that, which has 
been planned, right? No surprises to us, in that The second one was a surprise, which It was a 

Page 26 of 30 
 
program, unfortunately very close to the production, right? Unfortunately. So it was there was a 
little bit of a reduction in Q4 But the dramatic reduction actually happens in Q1. Right? As far as 
the Japan is concerned, yes, it, you know, we've had tremendous growth. What we are going to do 
in future is not have one pony story in Japan, right? You saw a partnership with the Tier 1 now In 
Japan, there are 3 truck and oƯ-highway OEMs that we are targeting, and the remaining two pass 
car OEMs that we talked about earlier on, especially the big one Right? So, hopefully it'll take time, 
but the thing is, you know in the midterm, we'll have lot more You know broader base growth 
coming out of Japan 
 
 Abhishek Gupta: Got it, sir. And secondly, sir, in your second slide on the passenger vehicle 
spends like from 26 to FY30, we saw increases happening over there. But so if I look at the 
European OEMs and their recent commentary as well as presentation, everybody till FY29 seems 
to be cutting down their budgets And if I compare on the Japanese market, we are still very young 
over there, and we are just still growing. So the spends increase which we are seeing over there, 
is it more traction from the Indian market, that is what getting reﬂected over there? And why is 
that spend increasing if the biggest market of our European Europe, all the OEMs are starting to 
cut down on their R&D spends, and they have been very blunt about that in the market. 
 
 Sachin Tikekar: All right. So, the overall people are cutting costs, right, especially in Europe, and 
you know there are it's not necessarily R&D spend. The cost is going down so that they can 
continue to spend money where it matters to them from future perspective. And fortunately for 
us, it is also software. Now, within that, there are ineƯiciencies in which they spend money Right? 
Working with the local ecosystem, you know, where the costs are very high, and the lock-in is a 
lot longer, right? KPIT can provide ﬂexibility, you know, especially given our products and 
solutions, we can do all of this a lot more eƯiciently for them, right? So that's really our 
opportunity. So overall, I think In markets like India, the west coast of the US, China, in parts of 
Korea and Japan, the spend will continue to go up. And that's the reﬂection that you see. It's also 
true in North America, for that matter, right? All the OEMs I talked about West Coast, but I'm also 
talking about Detroit Right? The spend will go up There is a reset that everybody is trying to do in 
the last couple of years. I think Some of it is behind them, so now there is a clear roadmap. If you 
look at the reports from McKinsey earlier on The spend percentage went up even more 
signiﬁcantly, so it's already come down to some extent, and this is the latest one that we have. 
And, you know, we have our own ways of validating this, by having real conversations with the 
clients So we believe that this is roughly what it's going to be. We just have to ﬁgure out how much 
of that we can capture going forward. Got it.  
 
Abhishek Gupta: 
And so lastly, from my side, like, for beyond FY27, we have been very… seems to be very conﬁdent 
on our solutions and product side of the business Like it will be 50% and more so the new 
products which you are taking to our clients, it will be, like, more of a replacement products, like, 
which will be a competitor over there, or it will be a fully net new or more, what do you say? This, 
clients which we have, they don't have that Tech adoption yet in their system, and this will make 
them more eƯicient, more operationally eƯective. Like, what is our, like, target client doing?  

Page 27 of 30 
 
 Anup Sable:  
Yeah, so it's a mix, no No black and white answer on this. It's a mix of it. But even for the 
replacement category, there is obviously new things that we are bringing to the table. And that is 
why the replacement is important. The end-to-end part of it is there There is a AI introduced into 
that and there are a few things that are really the new problems that we are addressing and we've 
been working on this for quite some time. So these are not really new. I mean, the early market 
tests have been done already 
 Sachin Tikekar: Another way to answer that question is, if you look at products, our products, 
they're actually replacing something that has been provided by somebody else, right? So it's 
completely a replacement. When it comes to our solution, it's a little more disruptive. It's not 
replacing like-to-like, but it's replacing an ecosystem to some extent of the OEM, right? So, there 
is a subtle, not subtle, obvious diƯerence between the two 
 
 Soumitra Chatterjee: Hi, Kishor, this is Soumitra from Aventus. Just continuing the question that 
Abhishek just asked Roughly, we are around 727, 730 million in revenues. In three years' time, 
even if we were to reach roughly 950 million to$ 1 billion in revenues We are targeting around 550 
to 600 million from the solutions and products. And we are currently at about 110 odd million. 
Roughly, we will grow 30% this year, but for the next two years or next three years, in that case, the 
number will have to grow up 3 to 4X is the understanding correct? I just wanted to understand the 
back of the envelope calculation.  
 
Kishor Patil:  
Yeah, absolutely. I think there are two things to it. One is Most of the current business, as we said, 
ﬁxed price was the ﬁrst step, but then that will get converted into AI-infused solution. So that is 
the ﬁrst step. So many of these will get converted into AI-infused solution. Which will give us 
better productivity and margins and more ownership, and that's why the scale will grow. That's 
the ﬁrst part. And the second is the product. So I think from that perspective, that number would 
be ﬁne. We believe, actually. That's a nonlinear growth. We just want to 100%, we cannot say, but 
we believe that's a very reasonable number. 
 
 Soumitra Chatterjee: And second question is on this market share thing. When you look yourself 
with your competitors in any deal, especially given the fact that Infosys acquired Intech, SCL 
acquired ASAP When you do a volume-based market share calculation In the last 12 to 18 months 
of all the deals that have happened in the market, has there been any market share loss? I mean, 
you would have ended up winning six deals in a normal scenario Has the competition increased, 
which resulted in 6, maybe coming down to 5 or so 
 
 Kishor Patil: You can look at the revenues of the acquired some entities which you talked about 
or this all what has happened to their revenues, actually. So to answer very quickly, we are not 
seeing any loss to this. Actually. In Europe, speciﬁcally, we are looking, our biggest opportunity is 
consolidation, which is happening and KPIT is certainly a major beneﬁciary of that. 

Page 28 of 30 
 
 Soumitra Chatterjee: Okay, thank you. 
 
 Kawaljeet Saluja: Hi, this is Kawljeet from Kotak Institutional Equities. Can you hear me? Yeah, 
hi, it's Kawaljeet from Kotak Institutional Equities. My question is that in Europe, there are plenty 
of assets available for sale. There's Bertrand, EDAG. Maybe there are a lot of players attached to 
the carrier ecosystem I don't do any of those assets interest you? And second is that in 
mechanical engineering. Are there any parts of the mechanical engineering ecosystem which 
should be of interest to KPIT, or would the focus continue to be on embedded and software? 
 
 Kishor Patil: So coming to your ﬁrst question, I think You look at their performance, most of these 
companies are struggling both in terms of revenue and this, having so many employees in that 
part of the world with the less than 35 hours a week With that kind of a cost is a liability in some 
sense, and even the companies who own it, just to… most of these companies you are talking 
about, some of the OEMs have a stake in these companies, but they are preferring to move away, 
because from their perspective, the value is actually reducing their cost Bringing yeah bringing 
innovation, bringing the best practices from the other organizations, so they are moving. So from 
that, so shortly, we have seen all these assets, and, I think as Anup said, some of the disruptions 
which are coming and the kind of products and solutions we are bringing, they're far superior to 
what these companies have. So that is the ﬁrst question. And of course, they are not cost 
competitive, which is Biggest concern for the OEMs. So that is the ﬁrst. On the mechanical side, 
I think the Caresoft acquisition, when we did, I think there are two things. First is is very important 
in oƯ highwaycommercial, because there is overall mechanical content is high, so in some of 
these areas, you know, it's important. In the pass car cost reduction is a very important part, so 
we are focusing on the cost reduction part, wherever there we can bring the cost reduction. And 
third part Which we are focusing is the manufacturing part, manufacturing eƯiciency, because 
that's where they are trying to reduce the cost of manufacturing, as Sachin mentioned earlier, like 
Europe or other parts. So we are, so we have got some of these capabilities ourselves as well as 
through the acquisition of Caresoft, so that's what we are 
 Kawaljeet Saluja: Just a follow-up question, if you look at the German car manufacturers, they 
have, you know, especially the one whose name starts with V, they have found out multiple 
contracts away from the likes of EDAG and etc to oƯshore players, but there have been massive 
delays, and in some cases, not even ramp-ups. What explains the reluctance for Actually, those 
ramp up in contracts which have been deleted for a really long time 
  
  
  
Kishor Patil:  
Okay, okay. I think I cannot go into details about every OEM, but in this case, if you can check their 
biggest success or the largest part of their success, whatever they have got is with KPIT. So they're 
seeing the success. They have seen the success. 
 

Page 29 of 30 
 
 Rahul: Hello Yeah, hi. This is Rahul from Dolat Capital. So Sachin, you talked about that wallet 
share expansion thought process From, 10% plus now to eventually going to 20 20%. So, is this 
going to come, because of our cost eƯectiveness, solutioning Or some of that AI harness thing 
that you talked about in that Anup's chart. So what are the key drivers for that? 
 
 Sachin Tikekar: All of the above. In all honesty, it's all of the above. Essentially, we just have to 
help them So, what we are trying to do is, we have to help them create eƯiciency Within their own 
system, correct? I think that's the part, and that's why, you know, our solutions are going to be 
helpful. You know use of AI in the programs that we deliver is going to be very useful. And that's 
what is really… that's what is creating diƯerentiators. When we are working on any kind of 
engagements in a competitive scenario, we end up winning not because we oƯer the lowest cost, 
but we oƯer the highest reliability and the greatest return on their investment. Right? So that has 
been sort of the the diƯerentiator for us and we believe that all three things that you mentioned 
are going to help us to go from Let me correct myself. The 10% wallet share, it will increase by 
20%. In the immediate future, right? It will not move from 10% to 20% of their wallet share. It will 
increase by 20% this year. That's really the goal that we are taking in every cell. And we believe 
that this is how we are going to do AI is going to be a big part of that. Our products are going to be 
a good part of that. That's all that I can say.  
Rahul:  
Yeah, just last one for Kishor, you talked about that 30% kind of a growth is a possibility on the 
product solution side.  And the the other maths of it is like some part of our existing services pool 
would Kind of be converted into the product solution bucket, so in that process, do we see some 
kind of shrinkage that might happen to our existing scope of work, or it will not harm that in a short 
term? 
 Kishor Patil: No, it won't harm, in that way. In one or two cases, it can happen, smaller projects, 
but largely the idea is to take a larger responsibility and take the ownership. So, there will be an 
eƯiciency, but you are doing more work. So that's how it will compensate.  
Rahul:  
Sure, thank you. All right 
 
 Moderator: Thank you so much for all the answers and for the questions. We still have time for 
one last question, and after that, we will be ending the session. Do we have any one ﬁnal question 
to be asked? You can raise your hands in case. 
 
Moez Chandani:  Good evening and thanks for taking the follow-up. Just want to understand the 
Cymotive acquisition and also some of the work that it does. So, if I look at the historical revenues, 
there's a sharp gain for the company in the last two years. So, what drove that? And also, can I get 
a sense of, other than Volkswagen, does the company work with some other clients as well? And 
what's the strategy for the company?  
 

Page 30 of 30 
 
 Moderator: So before you answer the question, can we just request him to also introduce 
himself? Could you please also tell your name and organization 
 
  Anup Sable: Thank you. Hello, can you hear me? Yeah, if you look at almost all the acquisitions 
that we have done, or all the partnerships that we have done We are taking a look at an expertise 
which is probably constrained by something, but we know that it is great expertise. And then we 
basically try to look at how to take that expertise to the rest of the customers that we have In 
Cymotive, if you look at it from a cybersecurity perspective, there are, like, loads of oƯerings. I 
mean, we didn't talk about Most of them, but if you look at in-vehicle and outside the vehicle, so 
there is a good portfolio of work that is way ahead of everything else that has been done. And then 
you look at the competency of the people there, what they are capable of doing, especially in the 
context of what is going to happen in the future AI is going to create more cybersecurity 
challenges. Quantum has been advanced, so 2035 has come down to 2029. So if you look at 
these two potential threats that will happen in the future The competency of the people and the 
solutions that they have are extremely relevant, and now we basically would like to take them to 
other customers 
 
 Kishor Patil: I think on the Cariad side, I think it is the same cost issue. They've moved their 
strategies to move to India most of the work. They're already into multi-million vehicles, they ﬁnd 
it a great Win-win because KPIT is their trusted partner. You can see the quote from Cariad . And, 
then the consolidation and that is how the revenue came down because of that, and also of the 
cycle of the Cariad during that time, because Cariad overall business also went was a bit 
impacted during that time. But I think there is a bigger opportunity there, but more importantly, as 
Anup said, I think we can take it to other. The biggest advantage to that is it is in many millions of 
vehicles already Which gives us a conﬁdence or other OEMs will get there. 
 
 Moderator: Thank you so much for all the answers, and with this, we would like to conclude 
today's session. Thank you so much for being with us 
 
