ffllfa 
IMFA Building 
Bhubaneswar - 751010 
Odisha, India 
Corporate Identity No. 
L271010Rl961PLC000428 
TEL +91 674 2611000 
+91 674 2580100
FAX +91674 2580020 
+91 674 2580145
mall@imfa.in 
www.imfa.in 
INDIAN METALS & FERRO ALLOYS LIMITED 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza 
Plot No.C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai-400051 
Stock Symbol & Series: IMFA, EQ 
Sub : Earnings Call Transcripts 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
3rd June 2026 
The Deputy General Manager 
(Corporate Services) 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street , Fort 
Mumbai-400001 
Stock Code : 533047 
Pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the audio call 
recording of the Company's Investor/ Analyst Call held on 27th May, 2026 
on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended 31 st March, 2026 is attached 
herewith. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
For INDIAN METALS & FERRO ALLOYS LTD 
{Sm
<)c_
njan Ray) 
CompfiJny Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F4001 
[ I'\ Ll..,, : 
,,, .5 ,:tl;,0 "'f 

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUBHRAKANT PANDA – MANAGING DIRECTOR   
 
MR. SAUNAK GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. SURESHBABU CHIGURUPALLI – HEAD OF FERRO 
ALLOYS BUSINESS UNIT  
 
MR. BINOY AGARWALLA – HEAD OF POWER BUSINESS 
UNIT  
 
MR. SANDEEP NARADE – HEAD, MINING BUSINESS 
UNIT  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SAVLI MANGLE – ADFACTORS PR 
 
 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Metals and Ferro Alloys Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Adfactors PR. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Savli Mangle from Adfactors PR. 
Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Savli Mangle: 
Thank you Alaric, Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Indian Metals and 
Ferro Alloys Limited Earnings Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended 31st 
March 2026. Today, we have with us Mr. Subhrakant Panda, Managing Director; Mr. Saunak 
Gupta, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sureshbabu Chigurupalli, Head of Ferro Alloys Business 
Unit; Mr. Sandeep Narade, Head of Mining Business Unit; and Mr. Binoy Agarwalla, Head of 
Power Business Unit. 
 
We will start the call with the opening remarks by our MD, Mr. Subhrakant Panda, on the 
business operations, key initiatives and the broad outlook, followed by discussion on financial 
performance by our CFO, Mr. Saunak Gupta, after which we will open the forum for a Q&A 
session. 
 
Before we get started, I would like to point out that some statements made or discussed on today's 
call may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and 
uncertainties that we face. A detailed statement of explanation of this risk is included in our 
earnings presentation, which has been shared with all of you earlier. The company does not 
undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. 
 
I would like to now invite Mr. Subhrakant Panda to make his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you, Savli. And at the outset, I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you who 
have taken time out from your busy schedules to attend today's investor con-call to discuss 
IMFA's Q4 and financial year '26 results. As Savli mentioned, I will start out with a few opening 
remarks, and then we will go into the Q&A section. 
 
I want to, at the outset, point out that we have uploaded an investor presentation to the stock 
exchanges, which has all the relevant data available therein relating to production sales numbers, 
etc. So, we will not be going through those in this con call per se. But of course, any questions 
relating to it, we will certainly do our best to answer. 
 
At the outset, I would like to say that the fourth quarter of FY '26 has been a very good quarter 
operationally. We registered production of about a little 68,500 tons. And broadly, I would say 
it had 2 elements: One, which is as far as the existing facilities at Therubali and Choudwar are 
concerned, the production numbers were by and large the same. But what is interesting in this 
output number is that it has some output from our KNR 2 acquisition. As you would know, we 
closed that deal on February 27. 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
 
We switched on the furnaces in March. So, we have about, I think, 2,200 tons odd production 
included in the quarter. And just as an aside, as far as the ongoing first quarter of FY '27 is 
concerned, all furnaces are running smoothly, and we are getting approximately 6,000 tons a 
month output, but more on that later. 
 
Secondly, realizations as compared to the corresponding quarter last year are substantially 
higher. In fact, in the fourth quarter, broadly about 109,000 tons as compared to roughly 
INR87,000 a ton. So that is why you see a substantial jump in the PAT from about INR47 crores 
in the corresponding quarter to INR103 crores in the current quarter. 
 
Costs are up marginally, primarily on account of royalty on chrome, which has gone up a little 
bit due to elevated ore prices. And thermal coal prices have inched up a little bit. But by and 
large, I would say we have had a tight focus on costs. And in fact, if I were to use this as a segue 
to talk about the West Asia crisis update, I think broadly, direct impact we have seen is in terms 
of higher freight costs and domestic logistics costs because of increase in fuel prices. But other 
than that, in terms of demand, in terms of container availability, shipping space, etc, I think all 
of that is, by and large under control. 
 
Next, I'd like to give you an update on the various projects as well as the additional hybrid 
renewable energy that we have signed up. First, on the renewable energy, as you know, we have 
70 megawatts signed up with JSW Energy, which is expected to flow in July or so of this year. 
And we had another agreement for 40 megawatts, which we cancelled on mutual discussions 
with the developer. 
 
And instead, we have tied up with Enfinity Global for 65 megawatts of hybrid renewable energy, 
which will come online June of 2027. So, 70 and 65 take the hybrid renewable energy portfolio 
to 135 megawatts, which will substantially reduce our carbon footprint through abatement of 
carbon emissions. And of course, we have the benefit of stable prices over the length of these 
agreements. 
 
Now on to the project updates. As far as the greenfield project, KNR 1 is concerned, it is broadly 
on track. We are initiating cold trials and pre-commissioning activities from 30th of May 
onwards, which will continue through June and slight delay of 10 or 15 days in terms of 
switching on the furnaces, and that is on account of two things, which was temporarily, there 
was a partial manpower demobilization because of various reasons, people moving out for 
elections, etc. So that broke the tempo a little bit, but we are now back at full manpower at site 
since last week. And work is continuing, of course, at full speed. 
 
And second, of course, for the last 2 to 3 weeks, the midday temperatures are intense, 44, 45 
degrees, and that is certainly affecting output to an extent. So, I would say a slight delay, but 
nothing significant. And we will broadly switch on around July 10 to 15 is what we're expecting. 
 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
Secondly, as far as the ethanol project is concerned, we had updated earlier that as against the 
target of March or April of 2026 that we are seeing a delay in it due to the geopolitical 
developments and delay in fabrication and supply of some equipment because of related factors. 
So there, I'm happy to report that we are on track. We will be taking up pre-commissioning 
activities in July, as we have mentioned, and commissioning in Q2 of FY '27. We should be able 
to start getting output maybe towards the end of August or something of that sort. 
 
I think beyond that, what I would like to mention is that stainless steel demand continues to be 
good, although growth has been about 2% to 3%, but there has been a sharp to 64.157 million 
tons in the calendar year 2025, globally speaking. But there has been a decline in ferrochrome 
output globally by about 9.4% to just short of 16 million tons. And that is one of the reasons, 
along with elevated cost structures which have led to prices firming up.  In the ongoing Q1 FY 
'27, we are seeing margins and prices and therefore, margins higher than what we saw in Q4. 
So, I think that will enable us to report good numbers during the ongoing quarter. 
 
But of course, that's something we will discuss later. But generally, we continue to be positive 
about the industry fundamentals, about demand, about the fact that stainless steel production and 
demand in India is moving up. And I think we are ideally positioned not just to cater to our 
international customers as we have been with a 90-10 export versus domestic sales. 
 
But moving ahead, we are looking to pivot towards more domestic sales and some of that was 
evident in Q4 itself. But we are confident about industry fundamentals, about our own resilience 
and cost structure. And we will, of course, keep an eagle’s eye on operational efficiency so that 
we are able to deliver superior results. 
 
Thank you. Savli, we can move on to the Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Parthiv Jhonsa with Anand Rathi. Please 
go ahead.  
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Congratulations, sir, for good set of numbers. Just a couple of questions. The first one is 
pertaining to the South African tariff, the power tariffs. Now that the government and the local 
authorities are planning to have the lower tariff for the ferro manufacturers and a couple of mills 
are expected to start the operation, the smelters are expected to start the operations. So, what's 
your take on it? 
 
Like would it have because I think over the last 12 months or 14 months, the actual global output 
of ferrochrome has been lower, as you mentioned, it's shy of about 16 million tons. So, do you 
expect this volume to come on stream, which will eventually have some competition for us in 
the Asian market? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Okay. So Parthiv, as you know, the South African power tariff situation has been publicly 
discussed for quite a while now. In 2025, South African ferrochrome production fell off 
drastically on account of their high costs, power costs, high inland logistics costs, etc. 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
And while some of it was made up with the increase in Chinese production, where monthly 
output went from about 650,000 tons a month to, if I recall correctly, about 950,000 tons in 
December and sort of those levels thereafter. But nevertheless, as I mentioned in my opening 
remarks, overall, during the year, ferrochrome production was down by a little more than 9%. 
 
So as against the standard rate of $1.36, first  $0.877 was approved. And then Eskom has and 
the government have agreed to $0.62. And public consultation took place on 25th May from 
what we read online. I'm not sure if there will be more consultations or that was the only thing 
which happened. But what we believe is the following that it is actually an interesting scenario 
where this special tariff is being offered to only 2 producers in a specific sector. 
 
And Eskom today is making a point that they will not need any additional subsidies because of 
the difference between $1.36 and 0.62. So, they don't need any support. They don't need any 
fiscal support from the government. They will not pass on or burden the retail consumers with 
this, and it is overall a better scenario than not selling power. 
 
The thing I don't understand, we are all struggling to understand, is that why did this then have 
to be sort of almost forced on them. But having said that, that's their prerogative, its their national 
policy to do what they want to do. What we broadly believe is that from a chrome units 
perspective, it will, by and large, be sort of neutral in the sense that if ferrochrome production 
picks up in South Africa as a result of these -- if $0.62 is finally approved, I believe, first of all, 
it will come with certain conditions like upside sharing and all sorts of things. 
 
But that apart, if it leads to increase in ferrochrome production in South Africa, then it should 
lead to reduction in ore supplies to China and therefore, lower ferrochrome production in China, 
maybe moving back towards that 650,000, 700,000 or 750,000 tons sort of a monthly mark. And 
net-net, you will not see a glut of ferrochrome. 
 
What I will acknowledge is that if ferrochrome production in South Africa picks up and Chinese 
ferrochrome production doesn't go down, then you will certainly see pressure on prices. But I 
would argue that it is not something which is going to be unique to IMFA. And in fact, it will 
put this whole special power tariff arrangement into a tailspin because Glencore has been very 
vocal in saying that $0.62 is what they need to sort of "survive." But if ferrochrome prices drop 
down sharply, then $0.62 will not be viable. So, this is a confusing scenario. We'll have to see 
how it plays out. 
 
But we have strong fundamentals. We are comfortable where we stand. And we believe that by 
and large, even if these tariffs are approved, it will be sort of net-net neutral in terms of chrome 
units. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
Okay. That's actually quite helpful, sir.  Just to take that power point forward because now you 
are about 135 megawatts of hybrid renewable. So, what is the total power requirement which 
will be met through this particular hybrid renewable? And what is the cost saving on it, if you 
can share, sir? 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Okay. So, our power portfolio at the moment is we have 200 megawatts of thermal at Choudwar 
and 4.5 megawatt peak of solar at Therubali. And of course, we have some off-gas generation 
of about 5 megawatts at Choudwar. But broadly, in as much as our expansion, which is KNR 1 
and the strategic acquisition, which is KNR 2 is concerned, we broadly need about 100-odd 
megawatts of power. We have tied up 135; out of that 70 megawatts should start flowing in 
about July of this year and 65 megawatts, which we have signed up with the second supplier a 
few days ago, will be flowing from June of 2027. 
 
And we are also looking to increase our capacity in KNR. As you know, KNR 2 has a partially 
built 33 MVA furnace capable of producing 50,000 tons. We are working on getting 
environmental clearances for it. And hopefully, by June of 2027 we will have it up and running. 
But when we have a little bit more clarity is when we will share some concrete timelines for 
that. 
 
But broadly, we're looking at June 2027. So, the idea behind hybrid renewable energy is that it 
reduces our carbon footprint. Secondly, we will have DISCOM power as a backup because, as 
you know, the combined utilization factor of renewable energy is not as high as it is with thermal 
coal. 
 
Now in terms of cost savings, by and large, two things. First of all, renewable energy today is at 
sort of grid parity or a little bit plus/minus. So, I think the benefit will come out of the fact that 
this is a rate which is steady for the duration of the entire contract, 25 years for the 70 megawatts 
and 29 years for the 65 megawatts, unless there are any regulatory changes. So those benefits 
will accrue with time. 
 
But I would also like to point out that what we are seeing in terms of the fresh coal linkages that 
we are bidding for, and those benefits will start flowing probably from Q3 of this year that coal 
sourcing through linkages is also the pricing is going to be about INR400 to INR500 a ton 
cheaper. So those are some advantages in our existing thermal coal generation that we will see, 
but from H2 of FY '27. 
Parthiv Jhonsa: 
That's quite interesting. Sir, if I may just ask the last one bookkeeping question. Just wanted to 
quickly check on your capex and your debt position, which you expect for '27 and '28. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 I will ask Saunak Gupta our CFO, to share those numbers? 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes. On the capex, as you know, we have already spent INR600-odd crores by April. And the 
balance amount which we have to spend next year is approximately INR450-odd crores. We 
have taken INR470 crores of term loan , which we have partly utilized by March. We have 
unutilized balance of INR170 crores from there which we will use along with the internal 
accruals.  We will be managing out the balance of INR450 crores and whatever we think is 
required. 
 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
And we may or may not use the full term loan. But if required, we have INR170 crores of 
unutilized sanctioned loan. So INR170 plus INR250, roughly INR450 crores should be 
sufficiently generated by us through our own sanctions we have from banks as well as the 
profitability that we are getting. So that's the plan. I hope I could answer your question. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anant Sarda with Chhattisgarh Investments. 
Anant Sarda: 
Sir, I want to understand if we have tied the production capacity of Kalinganagar 2 like as a 
long-term contract? Or are we selling the ferrochrome on spot pricing, sir? And building on that 
question, sir, what do you think will be the strategy for long-term contract versus spot pricing 
for Kalinganagar 1 as well? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Okay. So, Anant, broadly, when we look at our marketing strategy, we look at selling about 70-
odd percent, 70%, 75% against long-term contracts, where essentially whether it is an annual 
contract or a 5-year contract, tonnages are fixed and pricing is done either every month or every 
quarter. I mean it's monthly in the case of China, quarterly in the case of POSCO and some 
Japanese customers, etc. But when we talk about spot sales, it's not as if we are selling to random 
people for the first time. It is broadly customers -- repeat customers, but where we don't have a 
contract blocking that tonnage for any particular length of time. 
 
So, there are certain consumers in India as well as overseas where we sell tonnage regularly, 
maybe even every quarter, but we don’t, there is no long-term contract where that tonnage is set 
aside. But spot sales is not really selling to a random person for the first time. So let me put it in 
that way. 
 
Secondly, as far as our strategy for Kalinganagar 1 and 2 is concerned, our output is going to go 
from about 265,000 tons, which is where we are in FY '26 to broadly 400,000 tons in FY '27 and 
500,000 tons or so, 475,000 to 500,000 tons in FY '28. Now first and foremost, what we are 
doing is from a 90-10 in favor of exports, we are looking to be about 60-40 in favor of exports. 
 
Our existing long-term customers internationally are interested in additional tonnage, have 
reached out to us for additional tonnage. So we will be looking to allocate some tonnages there. 
And we believe domestically, the economy is growing, stainless steel production is growing, per 
capita consumption is increasing, and there is space in the market for us to make our presence 
felt. 
 
So, we will be looking at  allocating at least about 200,000 tons to the domestic market in times 
to come. Now having said that, long term versus spot, traditionally, in India, contracts have 
always been finalized on tonnage-to-tonnage basis, lot-to-lot basis. But we are talking with a 
few customers here. And generally speaking, I think they are receptive to the idea of allocating 
tonnages and pricing it on whichever format. But suffice to say that we are very confident about 
demand. We are very confident about placing these tonnages, and we don't see any issues in that 
regard. 
Anant Sarda: 
Okay. Sir, regarding the Kalinganagar 2 expansion, there was one 33 MVA furnace, which was 
partially built.  What are time lines for the completion of that furnace, additional 50,000 tons? 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So, in fact, I just mentioned that, but I'll reiterate it. So yes, there is a partially built 33 MVA 
furnace, which when completed can add another 50,000 tons of output. So because the 
environment clearances, etc , have to be obtained for that because it has been in that partially 
built stage for a while. So we are just trying to figure out the time lines. But we would hope to 
target commissioning around June 2027. 
 
But that is something we need to get a little bit more clarity about the environmental clearances, 
etc. So we will give a formal sort of an update on that perhaps when we discuss Q1 results, etc, 
in a couple of months. But broadly, we are targeting June 2027, but I want to reiterate that a firm 
update on what time line is will be shared by us in a few months. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harsh Vasa with SBICAP Securities. 
Harsh Vasa: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. Sir, my first question was about the capex on FY 
'27-'28. I know Saunak sir said about that. But the voices are little muffled. Could you just repeat 
that? 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes.  In FY '27, what we said is that the balance amount of Kalinganagar and Ethanol projects 
and the underground mines in Sukinda that we are investing. Total amount of INR450 crores 
planned towards capex. From that, major portion of investment will be through our internal 
accruals. But we still have unutilized term loan of approximately INR170 crores, which we can 
use. As the time progresses, we will see the ideal mix to use the term loan and the internal 
accruals. 
Harsh Vasa: 
Okay. And sir, capex for FY '28? 
Saunak Gupta: 
For FY '28, other than the routine capex, primarily the balance portion of the mines will be there, 
which will be to an extent of approximately INR700-odd crores. But INR700 crores is not in FY 
'28. We have not yet calculated the exact amount. So at least a major portion of that will be in 
FY '28. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Aashav Patel with Molecule Ventures PMS. 
Aashav Patel: 
Congratulations to the entire team for a stable set of numbers during challenging macro 
environment. So sir, my first question is with regard to our hedging policy. So can you explain 
it at length broadly what is our hedging policy? Because it looks like there is a sharp jump in 
other expenses for the quarter, which could be pertaining to that. And also the realization 
improvement is not as much as visible  how the rupee depreciated during the quarter. So that 
would be very helpful. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So I'll give a brief remarks on this and then Saunak can step in with details. So in fact, as far as 
the mark-to-market notional loss that we have booked is concerned, that is there in the notes to 
accounts, you can see that.  

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
And secondly, the point, broadly, what we do is we look to hedge about 25% to 30% of our 
outstandings at any of our net foreign exchange exposure and primarily try to make balance the 
downside while also locking in some of the upside. What happens in a scenario when you have 
had a sudden jump from INR88, INR89 to first INR93 and then now about INR95, INR95, 
INR96 or so. That is where it has an impact. 
 
Of course, a lot of it is notional, not realized, not actual losses. That is number one. And secondly, 
actually, the top line does capture the rupee depreciation. I mean, obviously, we can't distinguish 
it and show it aside separately. But broadly, if you look at it Q4 of last year to Q4 of FY '26, the 
tonnage gain is about 2,500 tons, which is not significant. But the jump in realization is from 
INR87,000 a ton to INR109,000 a ton. I mean, in terms of dollar prices, it has not moved up 
significantly. 
 
I mean it has moved up, not so significantly, and a lot of it has also come in from the rupee 
depreciation. But Saunak, would you want to explain a little bit more on the hedging policy? 
Saunak Gupta: 
Yes, you have explained most of the things. Based on the probability that rupee may appreciate 
in future, we have internal policy to keep hedged amount at  around 25% of our total exposure. 
90% of our total sales is in exports and all in dollars. So that's how we hedge and it is mostly the 
forward for next 12 to 18 months. Now what we see in the financial accounts, whatever forex 
gains are coming from the full exports are actually recorded in the revenue or it's embedded 
there. So it's not seen separately . 
 
But whatever is actually hedged out, the differential on actual Forex loss or on the mark-to-
market is shown separately in the other expenses. So as said earlier, as on 31st December, the 
USD to INR was INR89.9, which increased to INR94.65 as on 31st March due to the volatile 
market. Now for the accounting purposes, this difference has to be shown as a provision or 
what we call as a notional loss in the books, though it may not be the actual loss. Whatever we 
have booked for next 12 to 18 months, under mark to market accounting, we are showing it as a 
notional forex loss amount, which you see in the investor deck, I have said about INR28 crores 
of that is actually the notional amount which has been put in. Actual during this quarter, even 
though there has been a sharp depreciation of rupee, but the actual loss is only limited to INR3 
crores. 
 
Whereas our Forex gain almost for the full year, which is embedded in the revenue is almost 
INR80 crores plus than what we had budgeted. So that's basically the accounting standard, for 
which in the face of the P&L, it looks that there is a hit, but the actual gain is embedded in 
revenue .  
Aashav Patel: 
Sir, moving on my second question is that we were hopeful of reducing our  EBITDA  cost per 
ton by INR3,000, INR4,000 once due to operational synergies once the KNR 2 is up and running. 
Now that we are already on track in terms of operating the KNR 2. So are you able to feel the 
benefits already in the numbers? Or what's the outlook there? 
 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Okay. So slight clarification to that, Aashav, which is that when entire KNR complex comprising 
1 and 2 is up and running is where we are looking at a weighted average reduction in EBITDA 
cost by INR3,000 to INR4,000 on account of better logistics. So not just KNR 2, but KNR 1 and 
2 taken together. And obviously, KNR 2 operations have stabilized. KNR 1 is yet to start. But 
the benefits will really start flowing after the furnace operation stabilizes in both areas because 
two things I want to point out. 
 
First of all, there will be certain start-up costs, which are one-off. Until furnaces stabilized when 
we are drawing DISCOM power, until and unless you're above 80% or 90% plant load factor, 
your power cost doesn't become economical, whereas when you're in the heating up mode, we 
are actually consuming very little power and that is priced fairly expensive. So these little 
aberrations will be there, not significant, but these sorts of aberrations will be there. 
 
I will share one other example. As part of the KNR 2 acquisition from Tata Steel, we are also 
from the 1st of June, taking over the GNA RE corridor, which is the transmission corridor for 
renewable energy, which they had for the KNR 2 site. So that has come to us from 1st June, but 
the power will start flowing from, let's say, July end or something of that sort. So a couple of 
months, we will be paying fixed charges, which is not significant INR2 crores, INR2.5 crores or 
thereabouts, for the corridor without actually utilizing it. But these are -- you cannot perfectly 
time it to a 24-hour period that renewable energy is available and the corridor is available. 
 
So these little aberrations will settle down after a couple of quarters. When I say short term, I 
mean, let's say, from November, December onwards, we will start seeing the full-fledged 
benefits of improved logistics costs and proper utilization of things like the GNA RE corridor, 
which will give us benefits. 
Moderator: 
 The next question comes from the line of Joe Shah from Seven Seas. 
Joe Shah: 
Number one, with the URJA Strot, what is the rate we have finalized for the 55 megawatt. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 We are not sharing commercial information on that. But suffice it to say that it is fairly 
attractively priced. 
Joe Shah: 
Okay. Another thing now KNR 1 and KNR 2, everything is going well. Congratulations for that. 
Now KNR1, I understand that there is a further plan to put up furnaces to 200,000 tons additional 
capacity, which will take us from 500,000 tons to 700,000 tons. Can you throw some light on 
this, how we are planning? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
No. That is not the case. So just to clarify, as far as KNR 2 is concerned, we have acquired 
100,000 tons, partially built furnace when it is completed, we'll add 50,000 tons. So that's 
150,000. And as far as KNR 1 is concerned, it is for 100,000 tons. 
 
We have land for a third furnace, but that's a call we will take later. And what you are talking 
about 220,000 tons clearance for Phase 2 expansion, that was prior to the acquisition. So we 
were putting up KNR 1 as a greenfield, and we were looking at a second phase expansion.  

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
But now that we have acquired the Tata Steel unit, that second phase expansion is not something 
that we are pursuing. But yes, in KNR 2, we will complete the partially built furnace. And in 
KNR 1, we will evaluate whether we would like to add one more furnace or not and what is the 
time line for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vinit Thakur with Plus91 AMC. 
Vinit Thakur: 
Most of my questions have been answered. So if you could just shed some light on the expansion 
for mining capacity of chrome. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So I'll just give a broad overview. Of course, Sandeep Narade, our Mines BU Head, is available 
on the call if more details are required. So as you know, a few years ago, we were mining about 
6 lakh tons per annum from open cast and underground, last year, we crossed 7 lakh tons. FY 
'26, we crossed 8 lakh tons. And FY '27, the target is for 10 lakh tons. 
 
We will be at the 10 lakh ton mark for a couple of years, and then we will gradually take it up 
to 12 lakh tons. The eventual plan, which is what we are spending that close to INR1,000 crores 
for is to sustain output at 12 lakh tons per annum and entirely from underground. So Mahagari  
as against 6 lakhs, we are already at 536,000 from underground operations. And so that is pretty 
much maxing out. I mean we'll go up a little bit more. 
 
As far as Sukinda is concerned, we are still in the 3 lakh to 4 lakh tons open cast ore. That will 
gradually peter off and we will  move into underground operations. And that will also be 6 lakhs. 
So 6 plus 6 is what is giving us 12 lakhs. In these 2, 3 years that we are mining only about 10 
lakhs and our requirement is 12 lakhs. 
 
That is where we have quite a substantial ore inventory that will slowly start normalizing from 
next year onwards because we'll be eating into that inventory. So broadly, I hope I have clarified 
that. If there are any specific questions, we have the Mines BU head to answer. 
Vinit Thakur: 
And sir, what would be our targeted EBITDA per ton for ferrochrome and what is the current 
for this year as well. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So look, I mean, ferrochrome is a volatile sector. We have a great degree of confidence about 
our costs. The only exception to that being metallurgical coke, which we procure from outside. 
And of course, thermal coal prices also move up and down, and that is where once we have more 
of hybrid renewable energy coming in, that's more of a steady cost, as I said, barring regulatory 
changes, the rate remains the same. But the question here is in terms of realizations. 
 
And first and foremost, we certainly don't look beyond a couple of quarters, we don't forecast 
prices, and we don't look at more than a couple of quarters to be a little conservative in this 
regard. 
 
But we do feel that due to cost pressures, ferrochrome prices in line with other commodities are 
going to remain elevated. In fact, currently, I would say domestic prices are in the INR118,000 
to INR120,000 a ton mark, which is a little bit higher than what we have seen in Q4 of FY '26. 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
And even export realizations are in excess of INR120,000 a ton. And that is a combination of 
prices having moved up a little bit and of course, the rupee depreciation factor coming into play. 
So, we are broadly confident about the mid to long-term sort of demand cycle and what that will 
translate to in terms of elevated ferrochrome prices. There is a lot of talk also if you look at it 
about the commodity super cycle. But leaving that aside, I think broadly because of 
underinvestment in newer capacity and creating new capacity, we believe that we will see a sort 
of a prolonged period of relatively elevated prices. So, a little difficult for us to give targeted 
EBITDA per ton per se. But Saunak, I don't know if you would like to add anything to this? 
Saunak Gupta: 
No, I think you have already explained the whole matter and specifically in the volatile market, 
we usually don't give any future projection on the EBITDA. But on the quarter 1 side, we see a 
similar price realization and definitely, we expect to do well in quarter 1. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pranav Jain with Ageless Capital and Finance. 
Pranav Jain: 
Really happy to see KNR 2 already at 70% utilization levels. Just two clarifications from my 
end.  Was it this year that we are targeting a 60-40 export versus domestic split? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 We are looking at going from 90-10 to 60-40 by sometime next year. I mean, first and foremost, 
the added capacity from KNR 1 also needs to come on board. And that will realistically, as I 
said, one furnace we're looking to switch on by about 10th to 15th July and the next furnace 
around end August, early September, so the first pre-commissioning will start in a few days. 
 
Switching on is slightly delayed in the first furnace, but slightly advanced in the second furnace. 
So I think it overall averages out in terms of our output target for the year. But once that is done 
we will hit an annualized rate of 5 lakh tons by November, December of this year. And that is 
when we will broadly start looking at 60-40. 
Pranav Jain: 
Got it, sir. And just second was considering that our Kalinganagar capacities are coming up 
largely in the first half of the financial year, along with some part of renewable energy also 
starting. So towards the second half, can we expect that EBITDA cost to go down by a couple 
of thousand tons going back to 78,000, 79,000 tons that we used to do earlier? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
I mentioned a little while ago that what we were indicating in terms of INR3,000 to INR4,000 a 
ton savings, that will come when the entire capacity is online. And yes, you are right that by H2, 
the KNR 1 will be online. And of course, KNR 2 is already operating. But again, as I mentioned, 
give us a few months for these aberrations in terms of start-up costs and all that to sort of settle 
down. So, I mean I don't want to overcommit and give explanations and thereafter have to 
explain. 
 
But when we achieve a steady-state operation is when we will see it. So I think that will be 
towards the end of the year or to be on the safer side, if I say, from Q4 of FY '27 onwards is 
when we would truly have steady-state operations across the board. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor & Company. 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
First, a clarification that it is the unhedged part of our forex contract that has resulted in the 
profitability going down by INR30 crores, INR34 crores for this quarter. And with this kind of 
depreciation not continuing for the next, that will not be factored for the next quarter. That is 
how our earnings have been... 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 No. Let me explain. The hedging that we had done 6 months, 8 months ago, which was all at 
the realizations, would have been 88, 89, 90, so to say, which at that point in time with a rate of 
85, 86, 87 was looking attractive. When you have had the West Asia crisis and suddenly rupee 
has dipped to 94, 95 levels, that 25% to 30% that we have hedged, that is what is resulting in the 
mark-to-market losses. That is number one. And sorry, the second point you were making, please 
remind me about that again? 
Saket Kapoor: 
I am looking that this is not going to repeat in the ensuing quarter since we have been mark-to-
market and for the entire hedge and the unhedged portion? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Well, so you know what, if the rupee appreciates, actually, some of that will result in a mark-to-
market gain. But broadly, I think Saunak can confirm what was the rupee closing for Q4? What 
is that pegged to? 
Saunak Gupta: 
So it was INR93.65. And now it is again at INR95, INR96, but the swing of almost from INR89.9 
to INR93.65 that was almost INR3.75. If that much swing does not happen, obviously, we will 
not be getting that level of hit. But it is a relative matter between quarter-to-quarter. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
But Saket, I want to reiterate 2 things. First and foremost, that this is notional. And if the rupee 
swings back a little bit to below INR93.65, then we actually record a mark-to-market gain. And 
again, I reiterate that whatever mark-to-market we are recording is on 25% to 30% of our foreign 
exchange earnings, whereas 70% is where we are gaining. So overall rupee depreciation is still 
good for us. That is one. Secondly, if you dive a little deeper into the Q4 results and Q4 versus 
Q3, so let's look quarter-on-quarter. One is the mark-to-market on foreign exchange hedging. 
 
Secondly, there is about INR16 crores, INR17 crores reduction in other income, and that is on 
account of the investment income we were getting from the large cash balances, which we then 
drew down and we paid for the acquisition from internal accruals. So cash in the books has gone 
down from INR900-odd, INR950 crores to about INR400 crores, INR450 crores.  
 
So to that extent, investment income has gone down, but we are deploying that into assets which 
will give us more returns because investment returns is giving us about 6.5%, 7%, 7.5%, those 
sorts of returns, right, because we are deploying it fairly conservatively. And secondly, also, I 
think whatever investments are there, on March 31 itself, the NAV was a little subdued, which 
is why some MTM is there on that as well. So when markets stabilize, then there will be some 
MTM gains as well. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. You have been very categorical whenever you speak to investors that you have 
visibility for 2 quarters down the line at best because of the volatile nature of the segment. So 
sir, how are we visualizing H1 to behave in terms of realizations?  

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
And lastly, at what price have been the revision for our contracted quantity benchmark If you 
could just give us some color how will H1 shape up as you vision today. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So one point, Saket, I want to make is that conviction is there beyond 2 quarters. But visibility  
you never know how things shape up, which is why we don't like to give any sort of forecast 
beyond a couple of quarters. But first and foremost, I want to reiterate that I have the conviction 
about elevated commodity prices because of a variety of reasons, cost pressures, 
underinvestment in creating new capacity, etc. And of course, our own resilience and fully 
integrated business model, which gives us that comfort. 
 
Now to come to what H1 is looking like. First of all, as I said, Q1 is looking definitely better 
than Q4 of FY '26. Q1 FY '27 is definitely looking better. Prices have moved up a little bit more, 
and the higher output comes into play. 
 
 As against sales of about 65,000, 67,000 tons a quarter that is normal for us. In Q1, we will be 
looking at about 80,000 tons because of the additional output from KNR 2, which is coming in. 
And as far as Q2 of the quarter is concerned, which is July to September, in another 15, 20 days, 
we will start getting a flavor of what the price will be like. We expect it to be around the same 
as Q1 as of now. That's the expectation. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anant Sarda with Chhattisgarh Investments. 
Anant Sarda: 
Sir, in FY '27, we are saying that according to the presentation that our ferrochrome capacity 
will be close to 484,000 tons. And also in the same year, We are also going for a hybrid 
renewable of 135 megawatt. So may I understand how much proportion of this ferrochrome we 
made from renewable? And how much will be grid and how much will be coal-based? Is there 
any kind of bifurcation that you have in your mind? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
 You mentioned about FY '27 capacity, 484,000 tons. I just want to clear that normally, while 
we don't give volume guidance, but because we are in a growth phase for FY '27 and FY '28, we 
have given some indicated volume numbers. And for FY '27, the expected output is about 
400,000 tons, which will go up to about 475,000 to 500,000 tons for FY '28. And again, our 
Power BU head is on the call, Binoy Agarwalla, he can share more details if necessary. But 
broadly, I would say that next fiscal, FY '28, we broadly would expect about 35% to 40% of our 
total energy consumption to be from renewable sources. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pragyam Laddha with Omnee Securities. 
Pragyam Laddha: 
Sir, all my questions have been thoroughly answered. Just two more questions. First, would there 
be -- you said that there might be some one-offs when you are starting these plants. So can you 
throw a bit more light on it –, Would you be able to quantify it, I mean? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Pragyam, difficult to quantify at this point in time, but see, these are brand-new furnaces, which 
will come into play. So the heating period and there will be a heating of about 10 to 12 days, 
following which you'll be gradually stepping up load. So that is the period where 2 things will 
happen. First of all, you are consuming electricity without getting any output. That is one. 

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
That we may be able to quantify, although we don't have the numbers with us offhand to mention 
that to you. But I was also referring to things like when you're drawing from DISCOM power, 
until and unless you cross 80% and ideally 90% levels, your rates  per unit cost is high, and it 
starts dropping after 60 and goes down quite a bit noticeably after 90. 
 
So it is only when we are running on a full-fledged basis that we will achieve 90% or perhaps 
even 95% power factor and things like that. So, in the initial heat up phase, you are both 
consuming power without output for a couple of weeks as well as that per unit rate is a little on 
the higher side. That was what I meant by one-offs. And the other example I gave is, for example, 
the GNA RE corridor, which has transferred, but you can never time the availability of the 
corridor to the flow of power. 
 
So, we would much rather bear the fixed cost for a month or two as opposed to not be able to 
have the power flow. As it happens, we are getting the GNA RE corridor from Tata Steel from 
June 1 onwards and 65 megawatts and 70 megawatts will start flowing from, I would say, July 
end or so. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaushal Kedia with Wallfort PMS. 
Kaushal Kedia: 
Sir, recently, you made a statement in the business standard saying that you have aspirations to 
go for other critical minerals. And taking into consideration that we will be generating substantial 
cash in the next -- going forward after maybe 1 year, we'll again have a major portion of our 
cash in the balance sheet. So can you just throw some light as to where you want to be or what 
is the aspiration? I know it's very difficult to say right now. It's a far long short right now. 
 
It's a far-fetched prospect right now. But what is your thought process like  and there are nickel 
mines available in Odisha, and I believe somewhere in Sukinda. So what is your thought process 
as to where you want the company to be in the next 5 years? 
Subhrakant Panda: 
So Kaushal, one lighthearted comment to begin with, certainly not far-fetched, but something 
that we are working on seriously, but I was just making it on a lighter note. And one correction, 
lithium mines not in Sukinda, not in Odisha to the best of my knowledge as well. But now to get 
to what is the critical minerals aspirations that we have. 
 
So what is very clear is that in as much as critical minerals or rare earth elements is concerned, 
that is more up our really adjacent to our skill set of prospecting mining and doing one or more 
levels of value addition. Clearly, the technology and the scale is very different when it comes to 
critical minerals as compared to bulk minerals like because here, we are talking lakhs of tons. 
 
There, you may be talking tens of thousands of tons, not -- and in some cases, even hundreds of 
tons, not even thousands of tons. So, the technology may be different. The scale may be different. 
But broadly, it is adjacent to our skill set with regard to mining and processing of minerals. So 
that is what we are looking at. 
 
Now secondly, we are looking to participate in some of these critical mineral blocks, which are 
coming up in Odisha and elsewhere in the country.  

Indian Metals & Ferro Alloys Limited
 
May 27, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
In the past year or so, we have bought a document for a few of these blocks to understand the 
process. We haven't really participated in any. Going ahead, we are looking to do that. Beyond 
that, all that I can say is that we are working very diligently on creating sort of a plan of action 
as to what we are targeting. 
 
And I mean, I'm afraid there is not much details that I'll be able to share at this point in time. But 
hopefully, sooner rather than later, we are certainly looking to participate. And hopefully, sooner 
rather than later, we will be able to become the preferred bidder for one or more blocks and then 
throw more light on what our strategy is. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Subhrakant Panda, the MD for their closing remarks. 
Subhrakant Panda: 
Thank you very much. I think it's always interesting and fruitful for us to engage with all of you 
because we not only get to share our numbers and talk about strategy and talk about what we are 
doing. But as I think, said without fail in every investor call, I think your questions force us to 
think deeper and you come up with insights which are useful. So thank you very much for taking 
time out, and thank you for your interest in IMFA. 
 
What we are committed to is transparently sharing what we are doing, where things are going 
right, where things might be a little bit off track. But our commitment to transparency, our 
commitment to focusing on our strengths and operational efficiency to lead to deliver superior 
performance remains unchanged. 
 
And we do look forward to continuing to interact with you not just in these quarterly results 
calls, but even at other opportunities, and we will certainly look to answer your questions to the 
best of our ability. If anything has got left out that you couldn't ask or if you think of it later, 
please do reach out to us, reach out to the IR agency, reach out to Saunak, and we will certainly 
do our best to respond to these questions. Thank you once again for your time and your interest. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Indian Metals and Ferro Alloys Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
