                                                                                                                                                                                
      
Registered Office: 
Pl Industries Limited 
Udaisagar Road, Udaipur - 313001, Rajasthan, India. 
Tel.: 0294 6651100, 2492451 – 55 I CIN: L24211RJ1946PLC000469 
            info@piind.com                 www.piindustries.com 
 
 
 
PIIL:SEC:NSE/BSE:13:2026-27 
May 26, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
PJ Towers, 25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001  
 
Code No. 523642 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G-Block Bandra 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Code No. PIIND 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call pertaining to the Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the transcript of Earnings Conference 
Call held on Wednesday, May 20, 2026 at 03:00 P.M. (IST), to discuss the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. 
Further, please note that the said transcript is also made available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.piindustries.com/investor/disclosure/stock-exchange-filings/earning-call-transcript-and-
audio-recordings/ 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For PI Industries Limited 
 
 
Shruti Joshi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl.: As above 
SHRUTI 
RATNAKAR 
JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTI 
RATNAKAR JOSHI 
Date: 2026.05.26 
12:29:18 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
PI Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 20, 2026 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to PI Industries Limited Earnings Conference Call. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on PI Industries’ Q4 FY26 earnings 
conference call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the management team, including: 
•
Mr. Mayank Singhal, Vice Chairperson and Managing Director
•
Mr. Sanjay Agarwal: Group Chief Financial Officer
•
Dr. Atul Gupta, CEO, CSM Agchem
•
Mr. Jagresh Rana, Global CEO,PI AgSciences, and
•
Dr. Ramesh Subramanian: Global CEO, PI Health Sciences
We shall begin the call with key perspectives from Mr. Singhal, following that Mr. Agarwal will share 
his views on the company’s financial performance. Thereafter, the forum will be opened for a question-
and-answer session.  
Before we begin, I would like to underline that certain statements made on today’s conference call could 
be forward-looking in nature. A disclaimer to this effect has been included in the investor presentation 
that is available on the stock exchange websites. I would now request Mr. Singhal to share his 
perspectives. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone joining us today. I will begin with a brief view on the global 
agrochemical landscape, follow that with the domestic agri environment, and then walk you through 
PI’s operational and strategic progress. 

 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
The global crop protection market has continued the multi-year downcycle and recovery remains 
uneven further complicated by global events during the quarter which has led to clear shift towards just-
in-time purchasing.  
The conflict in the Middle East since late February have introduced a fresh layer of disruption that the 
industry was not anticipating. While these pressures are difficult, they also reinforce the strategic value 
of geographical diversification.   
The domestic backdrop is genuinely encouraging on the fundamentals, even though near-term industry 
demand has been muted due to elevated channel inventory, lower crop prices and incessant rainfall. 
Rabi season was good with increase in acreages.  
The structural drivers for our industry remain firmly in place. The world still needs to feed a growing 
population and farmers globally are demanding solutions that are safer, more selective and more 
sustainable. Innovators and integrated R&D-led manufacturers with proven trust, scale and execution 
will be the long-term winners.  
Moving to our business performance for the quarter. PI continued to demonstrate resilience underpinned 
by the breadth of our portfolio and the depth of our customer relationships. More importantly, we 
believe the investments made over the last few years have meaningfully strengthened PI’s long-term 
position to differentiate and move into the next orbit.   
Our consolidated revenue for the full year FY26, we have delivered revenue of ₹ 67,137 million with 
healthy EBITDA margins of 25% and cash balance of INR 34,265 million enabling the company to 
pursue future strategic investments for long - term sustainable growth. 
Our Pharma business delivered 40% growth for the full year. We continue to strengthen customer 
engagement across innovator, biotech companies, while investing in capabilities across process 
development, regulatory systems and commercial scale-up. We believe PIHS represents a strategically 
important long-term growth platform for PI, leveraging our deep chemistry capabilities, integrated 
India-Italy operating model and strong process innovation expertise.  
Let me draw your attention now to Biologicals which has been a passion of ours for over two decades, 
during which we have built one of the most comprehensive biological portfolios in the Indian market. 
Over the past few years this business has emerged as one of the fastest-growing segments within our 
portfolio compounding at over 20%+.  Our acquisition of a differentiated technology platforms has 
given us global market access and advanced R&D capabilities has significantly accelerated our growth 
ambitions. We believe our technology has the potential to address next-generation crop health and 
protection for sustainable agricultural solutions. 
On sustainability we have maintained our position in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook, and our 
most recent S&P Global CSA percentile has improved to 98 percentile, placing us firmly in the top tier 
of global chemical companies.  

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
 
I want to shift focus to a defining platform for PI over the coming decade, our in-house New Chemical 
Entity programme.  Our first NCE, Pioxaniliprole, discovered in India is now coming soon to the 
markets demonstrating our ability to invent at a global scale and take innovation from India to the world.  
We believe this brings a major shift in the PI way from distributor to global scale manufacturer to 
reposition as a global innovator with the backbone strength of partnerships across the value chain. 
We expect FY27 to deliver growth, with exports and global biologicals gaining traction backed by 
customer momentum as well as domestic business is expected to gain from new brand launches.  
Today PI stands to move into the next orbit, into the innovator mindset, taking NCEs to the world in 
Ag, and in Lifesciences building the CRDMO platform and working in Electronic Chemicals, creating 
opportunities for growth across multiple lines.  
Our growth will continue to be supported by strong balance sheet, technological capabilities powered 
by science driven global platforms with deep rooted relationships with customers and strong 
understanding of global work culture.  
Before I conclude, I would like to acknowledge the decades-long contribution of Rajnish Sarna, our 
JMD, and thank him in shaping and supporting  PI. He has stepped down from his executive 
responsibilities, including IR, to focus on his health, while continuing to be associated with PI as a Non-
Executive Director on the Board.  
Going forward, our Group CFO Sanjay Agarwal will continue to actively engage with the investor 
community and ensure continuity in communication and strategic engagement. 
With that, I will now hand over to our Group CFO, Sanjay, to take you through the financial 
performance in detail. Over to you, Sanjay. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you Mayank, Good Afternoon everyone. 
I will summarize the Company's financial performance for the quarter ended 31st March 2026 and for 
the full year FY26.  
FY26, As Mayank mentioned, it has not been easy for AgChem sector, however, we have been backed 
by our strong business model and hence navigated this near-term industry downcycle. We have taken 
several initiatives proactively to work with our global AgChem customers, and we believe the sector is 
transitioning out of downcycle.  
For Q4 FY26, we reported revenue of Rs. 15,652 million delivering sequential growth as per our 
guidance given last quarter. On a full year basis, revenue is Rs. 67,137 million delivering growth on a 
3-year CAGR. 
Decline in AgChem Exports is primarily driven by lower volumes reflecting the broader global industry 
contraction and customer delivery schedules. We have commercialised 5 new molecules in AgChem 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
Exports and launched 4 new products in Domestic Agri Brands. New products now contributing 18% 
of AgChem Exports highlights our focused derisking strategy and innovation led approach.  
Domestic agrochemical demand remained impacted due to channel inventory, pricing pressure, delay 
in regulatory transitions of biological portfolio and lower crop acreages impacting key crops for PI.  
However, we expect growth momentum to pick up with stronger Kharif season. 
Our domestic business is supported by our strong product portfolio, new product launches and focus on 
several on ground initiatives led by technology & enhance farmer engagement. We have launched 4 
new products this year – 3 herbicides & 1 insecticide  
 
Our pharma platform delivered 40% growth in revenue for the full year driven by onboarding strategic 
customers and our relentless effort to continue building capabilities to build differentiated CRDMO 
model.  
Global Biologicals continue to progress with ongoing investments in market and product development, 
focus on innovation & strengthening R&D capabilities in the US & India. 
Our gross margin expanded to 58% during the quarter & for the year, supported by a favourable product 
mix and strong operational efficiencies. Further, at EBITDA level, we delivered what we committed at 
the start of the year a resilient margin of 25% for full year. 
While the ETR for the quarter has risen due to higher non-SEZ sales, on a full year basis, the ETR for 
FY26 remains at 22%. We expect FY27 and thereafter ETR to inch upto 24%.  
We have sustained our Trade working capital in terms of days of sales at 139 days despite of volatile 
market scenario. Our strong Debt free balance sheet supported with net cash of Rs 34 Bn provides 
resilience and flexibility for strategic investments. 
We have successfully implemented SAP S/4 Hana which marks a key milestone in our digital 
transformation journey, strengthening our operational backbone, enhancing data visibility, and enabling 
scalable growth with improved governance. 
As we see the opportunities in FY27, we expect a positive growth in FY27 led by recovery in exports 
in the second half, supported by new product launches especially our first homegrown NCE in the 
domestic business and our pharma & biologicals continue to scale up.  
With this, I will conclude my opening remarks. I will now request the moderator to open the forum for 
Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. My question is on the capex that we have incurred over the last 
three years, which translates to almost like a INR 2,600 crore of capex, but we are not seeing a 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
conversion of this capex into the revenues for the last two years. And for that reason, the asset turns, 
which used to be almost like 2.5x, they have dropped down to almost like 1.5x now. So, wanted to 
understand where this capex is being directed to and, some sense in terms of how much of it is being 
focused towards the legacy projects and the new projects. And when do you expect this capex to be 
translating into the revenues? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, I think that is quite a valid question. The point is that if you look at it, these asset investments are 
done for a multi-year ramp-up both in capacities and scale of manufacturing. Some of these investments 
have been in the soft arenas of technology, NCEs and new business arenas which have a longer 
gestation. Some of them are coming off in the coming year and the next couple of years.  
Saurabh Jain: 
But generally, I thought the gestation period used to be pretty short, right? We used to set up a plant in 
8 to 9 months and then it used to start to flow into the revenues. Now this gestation period is seeming 
to be kind of widening. And INR 2,600 crore, how much of that would be spent into the R&D and 
technology developments and how much on, you know, actual steel on the ground? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, but the ramp-up does not happen over one year as you would appreciate. You know, if the eventual 
new molecule capacities are at X, which move to maturity over five years, you build the plant. The 
ramp-up typically takes four to five years to do that. plus the distribution in the newer arenas of 
innovation which have been done 
The arena we have been doing, the regulatory investments to take the new molecules into the markets, 
that comes at a price tag and those are also investments. We are building the new pharma capabilities 
and assets to create offerings for tomorrow. So, that is really the split today. Fundamentally, the new 
products would scale up  at some point with maybe a delayed gestation  
Saurabh Jain: 
Okay, sure. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tejas Pradhan from Citi Group. Please go ahead. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
So, for full year FY26, could you give a sense on what the growth would be, excluding your largest 
product in agro CSM business? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, as you know, with all the new molecules we have been launching, they contribute now around 18% 
of our total portfolio and they also have been growing at a faster pace  in the overall portfolio. while 
the revenues have declined because of the overall challenges, but the new molecules have been shaping 
well and contributing incrementally to our margin profile. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Okay. So, just apart from the new molecules, even the existing molecules which you would have 
launched prior to that, right? So, if we just strip out the impact of the largest product, pyroxasulfone, 
excluding that, would there have been growth in FY26 in CSM exports or that would have been a YoY 
decline? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, if you look at the other lines of biologicals, new molecules, yes, there is growth, but expected 
growth rates which were to be there, given the external environment situation and the agriculture 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 
scenario, they have not kept pace. I mean, eventually they are to come up to shape. That is what we see 
from our global partners' communications and understanding. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Okay. Understood. And secondly, on the contract assets, now we have seen a reduction from INR 1,000 
crore as of December ‘25 to INR 700 crore as of March ‘26. Now, while that has reduced, even on a 
YoY basis, it is still higher. I think in March ‘25, it was around INR 400 crore, right? So, would we 
expect further reduction over here to like FY25 year-ending levels and how should we look at this 
number on a steady-state basis? What sort of level you target over here? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, I would say that there is a  reduction of about 30%-35% in contract assets as you would have seen 
clearly from the last quarter. This is subject to asset utilization,  value of products in the pipeline. So, I 
would say this will hover around the same level given where the business model and structures are 
today. 
Tejas Pradhan: 
Okay. Thanks. And just one more if I could squeeze in. Would you be able to share what the capacity 
utilization would be at a company level for FY26? 
Mayank Singhal: 
For FY26, it is around 80%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. Please 
go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Just one question on the margins. I think I can see over the last 
couple of quarters and for much of fiscal ‘26, you have been able to maintain your gross margins at a 
very healthy level of, you know, 58% to 59%, but for the last couple of quarters, at least on the EBITDA 
side, we have seen a bit of compression going back to the 22% mark, whereas we started the year with 
a 27%-28% margin profile. Just going into fiscal ‘27, if you could just give us some sense of, you know, 
how should we think about margin profiles both on the gross margin level and the EBITDA margin 
level? 
Mayank Singhal: 
I said, the quarter-to-quarter volatility continues, but if you look at the average gross margins for last 
year, we continue to focus to maintain the gross margin at that level. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Understood. And the EBITDA margin would be a similar comment? 
Mayank Singhal: 
You see, given the present environment, the volatility of the various factors, whether it is input costs or 
whether it is other cost structures and challenges, our target is always to say that we can continue to 
manage them. But it would be very difficult to give a specific answer today. But yes, the company 
continues to manage that while making sure that we do not compromise on our long-term trajectory and 
our continued focus to look at market share and growth. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure. That is clear. And if I could just squeeze in one more clarification. In the opening remarks, when 
you mentioned you are looking at positive growth in fiscal ‘27, would that be positive revenue growth 
or positive earnings growth? 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, clearly, we are looking at revenue growth as one of the key drivers going forward. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sure. That is clear. I will rejoin the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, so we have received a regulatory approval for the launch of a nematode in US. That is what we 
have indicated in our PPT. Is it a biological and what is the kind of market size that we are tapping in 
terms of this particular product, what is the kind of potential revenues that we can generate over the 
next maybe three to five years? 
Mayank Singhal: 
 I will take this as first and maybe Jagresh can pitchtoo. Yes, it is a launch of a new biological nematode 
and it is the first-ever new biological nematode coming into the market at scale.  
Jagresh Rana: 
Yes and thank you for asking this. So, this is, you know, based on the performance we have seen, this 
is a very unique biological nematode product. Most of the nematode products which are there in the 
world today, they are mainly applied in the soil. Today, there is hardly any nematode product which is 
foliar application. 
So, first of all, this is the first time that we have introduced a product in the market which is a foliar 
application based. Second part, the nematode market overall globally, especially in Brazil, US, in these 
markets, has been growing very rapidly and more farmers are realizing the problems of nematode. 
We are expecting a significant growth from this product. We have already launched it in Brazil and 
Mexico. US is the third market. Where we have launched in Brazil, we are basically seeing this year 
that we should be almost more than tripling our sales for this particular product. It is a product which 
competes very well with the synthetic chemistry products and we are seeing some very positive results 
and good performance from the farmer side. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Only one caveat I will put, we are still in the early stage of developing a product, farmer acceptance to 
biologicals. I think what Jagresh is saying, we are very positive about what we see and I think it will 
take a couple of years to establish a product. But the results are very encouraging and gives us a huge 
capability to say, yes, we need to invest to build the markets and the investments would be an aggressive 
approach to build this product. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, that is helpful. Second question in terms of CSM business. So, last year we have indicated FY25, 
the contribution from new products was about 15% to 18% and this year we have said FY26 the 
contribution is about 18% to 20%. If I do the math, it seems that on a year-on-year basis, the new 
product absolute revenue seems to be flattish or slightly negative. So, how do we look at it from the 
FY27 perspective? 
Mayank Singhal: 
You are right. You see, as you can very well understand, the global agriculture market scenario itself is 
challenging, and you can see that from the performance of the large companies trying to put new 
products, customer expectation, acceptance due to commodity prices. Clearly, as the situation is very 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
volatile, but we do see this becoming a bit better. And I think fundamentally the whole agriculture cycle 
has to pick up and innovation could get adopted at a much faster rate. 
We see that to be looking a little bit more positive and as you would have seen our commentary over 
last year, there were challenges in the market and what was expected to turn around and outcomes we 
were looking at second quarter, second half, but still not come around. But hopefully things shape up 
in the right direction, we would see a better number coming from here.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, the last one I am squeezing in. On our novel NCE molecule, Pioxaniliprole, we plan to launch in 
the Indian market. What about the global launch? Are we expecting any kind of out-licensing for the 
same and what could be the timelines for the same? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, so right now for the global markets, we are working in a couple of global geographies where we 
will be looking to file to meet local regulatory requirements. . . 
So, we will be looking to put in application outside India for filing probably at the end of this year or 
next year. We will be looking at strategic partnerships and would announce them at the right level when 
we come to the right point of decisions with them, The first point today is to have the global level 
regulatory framework. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Thanks for the opportunity. My questions are centered around the electronic chemicals market. 
So, typically we have mentioned in the previous call about, commercializing about four to five 
molecules. So, if you could share some details in terms of the molecules, what kind of revenue 
contribution, what kind of end application each of these molecules are supposed to serve, and what kind 
of customer sets we have been talking about both between Japanese and the non-Japanese? That is my 
first question. 
Mayank Singhal: 
As you would have seen that in the past from the PI commentaries of handling innovation, we are 
working on some new innovative ideas with companies. They are right now at the ramp-up stage. The 
electronic chemicals, they are not a significant portion of the company’s top line. But what is an 
indicator that we are very strongly working in that area and once we scale up, we will have the right 
answers. But to give into specifics, they are niche applications and they are unique in their offerings 
and that is the area which we always operate in. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. And sir, if you could share some kind of, you know, typically what can be the size of this segment 
of our electronic chemicals, say in next 2-3 years? Can this be a INR 1,000 crore business in next 3 
years? 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, I do not know about 3 years, but yes, certainly with time, we will definitely look at that, that is 
our target. As we have stated earlier last year, we are looking to target about $100 million in the next 4 
to 5 years in this segment. 
Rahul Jain: 
Last bit. When do we expect the pharma segment to turn EBITDA positive? 
Mayank Singhal: 
The pharma revenues as you have seen the global situation, the CRDMO play is what you call swing-
in and swing-out play. We are right now very confident that we are looking at certain interesting 
opportunities in some parts of the value chain, which should fructify with time. Obviously, the 
investment mindsets are shifting. 
As we have seen these things move and as we have stated earlier, achieving a INR 500 crore – INR 600 
crore top line is when you would see these things move into a positive phase. This could be a couple of 
years, if not a bit more than that to get to that phase. But right now the company is more focused in 
building capabilities, offerings, and building customer confidence. So, look at our value-added play. 
That is really where we are. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First question on the overall pricing environment, given the volatility in 
raw material prices off late and the pressure from Chinese-led, you know, the global pressure there on 
the Agchem cycle as a whole. 
Is there any significant pricing correction or pressure that we are seeing across our portfolio? And 
second bit, one clarification there, the 5%-odd realization decline in our exports that we are seeing, is 
it more a product mix issue or it is a R&D deflation or some pricing correction there? 
Mayank Singhal: 
there are pricing corrections, currency deviations that you know, we have pass through models. Yes, 
we are seeing volatility in the raw material prices and they have had some impact, but there is a 
balancing act which the company is playing in this volatile market while supporting customers, looking 
at end customer challenges to ensure that we have a sustainable growth and continue to put high 
utilization of our delivery plants while focusing and managing our gross margins. 
So, as you would very much understand, I cannot give you a straight answer because nobody seems to 
have a straight answer in this very volatile market. Oil is swinging, raw materials swinging. But the 
outcome today is yes, there is an impact. We are focusing on those impacts and looking how to create 
the value and the company has a very strong focus to say how we can optimize and maximize taking 
consideration from customer to supplier. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. So, okay, let me put it this way. Our focus here will remain on volume growth for our existing as 
well as newer products or we will prefer to have a balanced approach in terms of margin as well? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, our focus today would be to continue to hold the market share and volume because the margins 
could always return back when the market swings.  

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, that is helpful. Thank you. And just one clarification if I may ask. The electronic chemicals or the 
newer areas where we are expanding into, the capex for these will be largely MPP-based or there will 
be some dedicated capacity coming in or which is already there in our books? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So again, these are niche chemicals, they will be multi-purpose assets and some may be specialized 
assets. Because we are not in the commodity end of the electronic chemicals, we are more focused on 
niche and complex areas of operation globally. 
Ankur: 
Sure, Mayank. That is helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So, on the pharma business, could you just re-share your thoughts in terms of growth and profitability 
over the next two-three years? How should we see this business scaling up? 
Mayank Singhal: 
I mentioned to the earlier question was exactly that we are trying to build those capabilities in the next 
two-three years, the positive EBITDA where we would be able to look at INR 500 to INR 600 crore 
top line, we should be able to move into that phase. And as you would very well understand, being in 
the CDMO play, it takes a long time to build the foundation, but then you start seeing an accelerated 
curve which moves fast because the entry barriers and the regulatory frameworks followed with early-
stage products you start targeting and when the cycle picks up, it takes a J-curve. That is really the 
approach that we are seeing. So, I see that in the next two-three years to start showing some early 
shapes,  
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Secondly, on the global biologicals business, given that now we have started getting product 
registrations and also building our distribution model across geographies, how should one think about 
the opex in this business and when do we achieve a scale where we break even on this business? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Again, I would say the way to answer this, what we are seeing as I think Jagresh mentioned earlier, we 
are seeing the positive trajectory. As you would see the markets themselves are depressed today in the 
agri sector. We are clearly seeing a great acceptance of our technology and product performance. And 
I would say we are very much positive to see that in the next couple of years, we should be in the 
position that you are looking to achieve for ourselves, as you rightly questioned to get into a break-even 
position. Again, if we see more opportunities of more innovations, we will be investing and we would 
not do that without a value add. So, we are definitely very excited to what we see, but a couple of years 
from now, does not look too far from us to be playing that game. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And lastly for FY25, would we have any higher opex in terms of any large registrations or any other 
one-time cost that would be coming in our P&L given that we are looking at commercializing a few 
products? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, so this is an ongoing thing since we have been investing into R&D and we are looking at these 
new NCEs. So, this has been continued for the last few years and the same trend will continue of INR 
50 to INR 100 crore of additional spends.  

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
 
Mayank Singhal: 
I think the question was next year. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, next year FY27 as well, we will have similar expenses for the R&D and also for the launch since 
we are looking at the Pioxaniliprole launch this year, we will have some additional cost in the next few 
quarters on that. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
And for the global products also we would have a additional cost coming in? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, clearly, I think the answer to be very precise to your question, next year is going to be heavy 
investments in building out markets. So, those costs will be there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the investment priorities going ahead and 
what is the kind of a capex? In terms of the investment priorities, I was just wanted to understand the 
any specific investment that we are talking about the new business opportunities? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So, the capex would be as we have guided in the past also, we should have INR 700 to INR 800 crore 
of capex both at the manufacturing level, some of the new launches which we are going to be having, 
R&D spends across both pharma and our agrochemical business. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. And also to have a better understanding about the kind of incremental contribution that we should 
be seeing from the newer business area, is it possible to discuss what is the kind of a construct of order 
book position currently in terms of the areas whether it is the agro-chem, pharma, and whichever newer 
area that we are talking about? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, we do not have a specific for new areas, but I think somewhere around $ 1-1.2 billion which is 
already the order book position which continues to hold on. But we would not have a specific break-up 
of those right now because typically the other big businesses are more B2C like the biologicals and 
there’s no order book situation there. And pharma is too insignificant in terms of the topline of PI in 
terms of numbers for order book. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, sir. Then next question would be on the supply chain constraint. Let’s say you have mentioned 
about maintaining the gross margins situation for the full year FY27, but if you can say something what 
is the kind of availability situation and what is the kind of impact that possibly in the near term that we 
can see on the availability of raw materials? Whether that is a big challenge at this juncture? 
Mayank Singhal: 
You have got it exactly. So, I think it is one of the most simple question with the most difficult answer. 
., we are all challenged with that availability and that is not something in our hand, but so far we have 
been able to manage and will continue to manage, but we never know when the situation changes, the 
way the world is in today. And I am sure that is applicable to most of us in the sector and the industry.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
My question regarding pharma segment and you have mentioned in the PPT a significant increase in 
CDMO inquiries. So, how is the conversion going to happen considering all the inquiries you have, 
Number one. Number two, we have seen in the PPT your services business has increased significantly. 
So what is leading this business and also you are adding new customers in the last 12 months. So 
considering all these factors, next two to three years how much growth you are expecting in this 
segment? 
Mayank Singhal: 
As we mentioned earlier, right, in that there is all these initiatives which have been taken, we are looking 
to target to get this to the next two to three years, a INR 500-INR 600 crore business which could then 
become the J-curve approach to look at how we can look at more accelerated growth going forward. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. And for the outlook, you have written we remain positive for the growth in FY27. So, any number 
can we talk on double-digit, lower double-digit, mid-teens kind of growth we are expecting in FY27? 
Mayank Singhal: 
I would say growth for sure. Double or late single will all be subject to how the world reacts. And that 
is the reality. 
Sumant Kumar: 
In normal case scenario? 
Mayank Singhal: 
I cannot look at the normal case scenario right now because the quarter is gone, it is too close to the 
quarter to answer that. But yes, I can tell you we can definitely look at growth, at nearly late-stage single 
digit or early-stage double digit at the worst-case scenario.  
Sumant Kumar: 
Worst-case scenario. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, at the worst case we will definitely have some growth I hope, because if the world really goes that, 
there is no oil and there is no fuel and there is no food, then we cannot do much. So, today’s world to 
answer that is challenging, but we have plans for growth at an aggressive pace compared to the 
competition. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Good afternoon. Yes, thank you so much, sir, for taking my questions. The INR 1,100 crore capex that 
we incurred for FY26, sir, would it be possible to just break down of specific key projects in which this 
investment has gone? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, so it is across both the agrochemicals, pharma and the R&D spends which we have done. we are 
about to commercialize our Kilo facility in Lodi plant, so that has taken substantial sum plus the Flow 
MPPwe have commercialized during this year. So the spends have been there on the agrochemical side 
and on the R&D investments. . 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, but just to clarify, the presentation says pharma capex was about INR 91 crore for the year? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Correct, INR 100 odd crore. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes, so then should we understand that the remaining say INR 1,000 crore or so is all agrochemicals or 
how is it? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Agrochemical and in the R&D. 
Mayank Singhal: 
And the fine chemical area where we are talking about.  
Sanjay Agarwal: 
That will include all the electronic chemicals, agrochemicals, the R&D, fine chemicals, etc. 
 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, all right. Thank you. Second one, for Plant Healthcare, would it be possible to just quantify the 
revenues for FY26? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
They have been in the range around USD 12 to 13 million. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Understood. And yes, I might have missed this earlier, so please excuse me if I did. But on contract 
assets of INR 700 crore, what is the kind of trajectory we are expecting in the year ahead? I mean, will 
it decrease further or by how much? 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, I think that is the range we have always been in in the last few quarters given the business model 
and scenario, balance sheet capacity, inventory and customer needs and also look in the volatility of 
supply chains, we would look to keeping it at that level. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, all right. Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rupesh from Long Equity Partners. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. First I have one request. One of your largest product in the CSM 
segment, there are patent risks, it is nothing new, most of the CDMOs or CSM companies have to deal 
with it. Would be really nice is if you can address that question in your press release in some way.  
That I think would be really appreciated because there are so many layers to that molecule. So, that is 
my request. The first question, is on that molecule. Do you see a gradual decline over next 2 years, 3 
years and then bottoming out or do you expect like a cliff that we will see, only on that molecule, I am 
not asking about rest of the business. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Well, I do not know how to answer that. Number one, you need to appreciate that this is not our 
molecule, it is a partnership. Revealing strategies would be challenging in the today’s context. We are 
in a highly competitive world and I would like to look at this model through the approaches that you 
have seen for any other product that goes into genericization in the sector. 
Rupesh: 
Okay. The second question is for electronic chemicals business. What is our current gross block and 
what kind of gross block do you expect in in next 2 years, 3 years? 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
Mayank Singhal: 
We will be making another few hundred crore investments in that area and it is a new avenue of growth. 
So, new assets and plants will be built up as we continue to see that we want to scale this business. We 
have got four to five products in the pipeline which are working well. We are looking to develop more 
strategic areas into this. So, investments of the gross block would be going up in this area and then over 
the next 5 years, we start seeing volumes and revenues that we plan to achieve. 
Rupesh: 
But is that number like INR 200 crore, INR 500 crore, INR 1,000 crore, what kind of asset, asset turn 
any range would be helpful. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Anything substantial of that area, INR 500 crore is a number which PI would really look at. INR 100, 
INR 200 is not a significant investment as you would appreciate in the plant today. 
Rupesh: 
And asset turn would be high or low, some idea around that? 
Mayank Singhal: 
That would be difficult to answer today because you are right now investing to build the business. The 
asset turns as you would see in the CSM business, the early stages have lower asset turns, but when 
business touches maturity, reaches a scale, you would start seeing those colours. 
Rupesh: 
Okay. And the final question, sir, is on the NCE molecule. In the NCE molecule, life of a patent, let us 
say 15 years sort of. I mean, what kind of potential. I know it is a very dynamic world, there is so much 
hard work we have to do, find partners and all that, but what kind of potential can it be for the company 
of our size? Today we are at let us say INR 8,000 crore revenue scale. Would it be significant for our 
scale or it would be 10% kind of scale? I mean, some range there would be very helpful in terms of 
potential over the life of the patent? 
Mayank Singhal: 
We are positive to bring an innovation out. I think the year of launch and the first season of launch will 
give us the impact at the larger scale to look at the significance. I think the most important significance 
that needs to be noted is taking an innovation commercializing. I do not think a single company from 
India has done that and it is probably the first company in any chemical sector to do that. So, that is the 
benchmark of putting our capability to take from discovery to markets. And rest assured, it has to be of 
a significant number for us to invest and build, followed with that learnings, we will have an 
understanding from the seasons that we go and we will be in a better position to answer. 
And we are also looking at this as a capability build out for more new things from the pipeline to come. 
So, that is the way I would look at that the shift in the PI capability mindset from a distribution company 
to a manufacturer for innovation, now taking innovation to the markets.  
Once this is demonstrated well with this product, it gives us hope to build a lot more for the next multi-
decades, multi-years if I was to say to bring innovation to the market. This is the significance of this 
product. The numbers significance for the revenue, it should be a good contribution to the top line for 
the domestic business to start with. Based on some of our learnings for a season or two, we will be in a 
better estimate to look at the potential sizing of the product. 
Rupesh: 
Yes, okay. I hope at some point of time you give some preview into the upcoming NCE molecule, sir. 
I do hope that and all the best. 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question from the line of Ram Arvind from iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Ram Arvind: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question has to do a bit with the client that we are serving for 
our biggest molecule. So, since they have come up with a guidance of their formulation in which they 
use our molecule, they have come up with a guidance of beating their conservative guidance of full year 
of last year.  
And so I am just trying to understand if our shipments to this client of ours is going to get better in the 
upcoming quarters. So, what I am trying to understand is if we will have growth on our Agchem export 
side which is dominated by one single molecule. Do we see traction in that molecule going forward? 
Will we see volumes picking up in that molecule specifically for the next couple of quarters? 
Mayank Singhal: 
I would look at the way you have looked at that customer and follow that guidance. From our 
perspective, we are in contract manufacturing so what we are building in is already what we have 
contracted. As you would appreciate the supply chains are long. Clearly, it would be too early for us to 
answer and to guide how we see that, but yes, if they do benefit, it is a good to see the reciprocating 
benefit over time. 
Ram Arvind: 
Right. Just to follow up on that since I know we have addressed about the contract assets already on the 
call, but we have seen a reduction of contract assets going from Q3 FY26 to Q4 FY26. So, does this 
mean that we are basically billing our clients and they are actually drawing up on the reserves of our 
contract assets? So, would we see this trend moving forward let us say by Q1 ‘27, Q2 and Q3 ‘27?  
Mayank Singhal: 
I would say this is the business, where there is a bare level of inventory which is also kept. There would 
be a higher level kept given the volatility as you could appreciate in the world. We are looking to keep 
and build and optimize capacities so that at no point we run out. And I think given the scale and the 
complexity of the value chain of production, contract assets below INR 500 crore-700 crore would be 
a challenging number to manage that risk. 
Ram Arvind: 
So, any number that we can probably close on the contract assets for ‘27? 
Mayank Singhal: 
As I mentioned, we will be remaining within this range from what we have estimated for today. It could 
shift on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
Ram Arvind: 
Right. And another question just on the electronic chemicals side. So, what is the approximate revenue 
figure that you can give us for the electronic chemicals for FY26 and any guidance for ‘27 and ‘28 as 
well? Because some of your clients have been talking about the end market doubling by FY30. So, I 
think there is a lot of traction in these molecules that PI is entering into and I am just trying to understand 
the whole market for these electronic chemicals and the numbers from your side for guidance for ‘27 
and ‘28. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, to be honest to tell you, we are right now in the early stage, the numbers are not significant for the 
PI topline with the development stage of some of these products. We are building capacities and 
understanding capabilities for the customer. In two to three years, we would be in a better position to 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
understand the scale and size. As you would understand, these are very serious level of confidentialities 
with our customers and confidentiality contracts given highly competitive environment in this space. 
 
But we are excited about it given the fact the areas that we are operating are in the niche space. And as 
these are like life science, as we have mentioned four to five products which we are evaluating, 
developing, they have gone into the various phases which we will be looking at a manufacturing scale 
at a later date.  
Ram Arvind: 
Right. So, for it to have let us say a significant contribution like say how pharma is having in our 
business, right? So, for those kind of numbers. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Five-six years is the estimate about somewhere about $ 80 million to $ 100 million of revenue in this 
space. 
Ram Arvind: 
Right. Yes, thank you for that. And any commentary on gross margin guidance for ‘27? 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, I think as earlier questioned by a couple of others, we said we would continue to manage and 
maintain the average gross margin of last year. 
Ram Arvind: 
All right. Yes, that will be all. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor from Antifragile Thinking. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Two questions. PI has spent more than a decade discussing adjacencies 
like pharma, electronic chemicals, life sciences, yet agrochemicals still remain the dominant economic 
engine of the company and we have been discussing. So, as on today, from management’s perspective, 
was the original assumption that PI’s process chemistry and customer trust advantages would 
automatically transfer more easily across domains than they actually did? And what has been the 
biggest, unexpected challenge in building meaningful non-agro scale? That is my first question. Thank 
you. 
Mayank Singhal: 
So, I am not very sure about whether you are talking about a decade, but we made these investments 
over the last two-three years. Clearly, agrochemicals is our bread and butter, so as an adjacency we 
have got into discovery and just not manufacturing. Adjacencies have been only evaluated in the 
manufacturing space. And if you look at the history of PI, even in the manufacturing and contract 
manufacturing, it took about 10 to 12 years before significant impact on numbers could be seen in the 
early 2000s. 
 
So, that is when you are getting in the innovator phase. If you completely understand CRDMO, a 
product does not get into a manufacturing play in pharma at least for five to six years for impactful 
numbers. Same in the electronics, we have invested in them over the last three to four years, we are 
seeing products, there are scaling-up, we are seeing investments that we are making, so they will be 
time. 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
 
 
So, I do not know whether I would say that this is a concern for us, but this is something which we see 
working well, but in the strategies of the chosen play where we go for a differentiated play, not just a 
large-scale commodity play in the other adjacencies. Yes, there are challenges, especially in the pharma 
sector there has been challenges in the external environment investment, biotech startups-reduction in 
that space. So, the aggressiveness at which it was supposed to be approached has become one challenge, 
but now I see that sector picking back up, so we could see those scales come up.  
Sajal Kapoor: 
Sure. That is helpful. I was actually alluding to the 2012 annual report, but anyway. I mean, what has 
PI learned so far about the difference between scaling Agchem CDMO versus scaling pharma CDMO 
and what capabilities still need to be built before PI can genuinely compete with established pharma 
synthesis leaders on innovation depth, not just chemistry execution. Thank you. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, so if you see the investments there, we have looked at the biological offering capabilities we started 
working in that. We are looking to further invest building KSM-material in batch. We have a GMP 
facility, need to be further upgraded for CDMO. 
Our kilo facilities are going to be fired up this year, which is going to create pipeline for the future 
number one, you cannot build all the capabilities and all the offerings. So, we are looking at capabilities 
which we need to add which we can differentiate. 
Two, areas where we want to partner so we can become a fully integrated partner for a pharma biotech 
startup, to a company with strong manufacturing in a regulated and in an unregulated environment. So, 
I believe in the next couple of years, we will be in a pretty good, unique competitive position with best-
of-class assets to play this game well. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Wonderful. Wish you all the very best, Mayank and team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
I just had one question. Would it be fair to assume that the current AgChem market is tilting more 
towards generics than that of patented products? And if you could also allude us to why would this be 
happening? Would there be some stress on the farm economics level or is it the farm demand that is 
going through a rough patch? So, any thoughts on that would be quite helpful. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Yes, I think that is a good analogy if you were to pick it up. If you look to be very honest, the commodity 
prices are not moving, fertilizer prices on the other side are high, the input costs to the farmer is growing. 
Agrochemicals are becoming a necessity, so he is looking at cheap solutions right now. 
But there are positions and openings for the opportunities in certain sectors where it does not have any 
value-contributing solutions where innovation is coming. While the rate of adoption may have slowed 
down, it does not mean new molecules and new innovation are not being adopted. It is just the cyclical 
nature. 
And as the aggression would come up in the commodity cycle and the agriculture sector, this would 
accelerate. That is our view. Innovation will still continue at a steady pace. 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
So, on an average CAGR, you would appreciate that innovation is still continuing to do better and on 
short-term or windows of cycles, if you cut and paste, yes, you could see the cycles and trends that you 
are talking about, which is what you call external dynamics which play the game.  
Arjun Joshi: 
Right, sir. Thanks. That helps and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. With this, we conclude today’s conference call. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Mayank Singhal: 
Thank you everybody for joining the call and thank you as always for your support and look forward 
to catching up with you over the next quarter. Thanks once again. Warm regards. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of PI Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such 
errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
