REF.NO./GHL/ AHMD/2026-2027 /363E 
DA TE: JUNE 03, 2026 
To 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relation Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
REF: Security Code No. 526367 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/ L G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
GANESH~ 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED " 
(formerly known as Ganesh Housing C.Orporation Limited) 
ISO 9001 :2015 I ISO 14001:2015 
ISO 45001 :2018 
REF: Company Symbol: GANESHHOU 
Sub: 
Transcript of Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call dated June 01, 2026 
In continuation of our letters dated May 26, 2026, May 29, 2026 and June 01, 2026 please find 
enclosed the transcript ofQ4 FY26 Earnings Call on Audited Financial Results of the Company 
for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026 for your information and records. 
The 
above 
mentioned 
transcript 
1s 
also 
ava ilab le 
on 
our 
website 
viz. 
https://ganeshhous in g.com/assets/pd f/fi nanci al-presentation/ ghcl-q4-26-earn i ngs-transcri pt. pcl f 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
(formerly known as GANESH HOUSING CORPORATION LIMITED) 
JASMIN JANI 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
Encl: As above 
GANESH CORPORATE HOUSE 
100 ft. Hebatpur-Thaltej Road, 
Nr. Sola Bridge, Off. S.G. Highway, 
Ahmedabad-380 054. Gujarat, India. 
CIN:L45200GJ1991PLC015817 
P +91 79 6160 8888 
E ganesh@ganeshhousing.com 
W www.ganeshhousing.com 
Jasmin Arpit 
Jani
Digitally signed by Jasmin 
Arpit Jani 
Date: 2026.06.03 16:53:03 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Ganesh Housing Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 01, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                   
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDRA SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MR. NEERAJ KALAWATIA – VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE – GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MR. B. RAVI – CORPORATE AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS 
– GANESH HOUSING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
~ 
COINDIA ADVISORS 
GANESH -
® 
HOUSING. 
LIMITED.., 
GANESH.==.® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ganesh Housing Limited Q4 FY26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you, Alrik. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Ganesh Housing Limited 
earnings call to discuss the Q4 and FY26 results. We have on the call with us today, Mr. 
Rajendra Shah, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Neeraj Kalawatia, Vice President Finance; and 
Mr. B. Ravi, Corporate and Financial Adviser. We must remind you that the discussion on 
today's call may include certain forward-looking statements and must be, therefore, viewed in 
conjunction with the risk that the company faces. 
 
I now request Mr. B. Ravi to take us through the company's business outlook and financial 
highlights, subsequent to which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you, Rajat. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all of you to 
Ganesh Housing Limited's Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us 
today and for your continued trust and engagement with the company over the years. 
 
At the outset, as you all know, FY26 had been a little problematic year with the West Asia 
crisis and the economic and geopolitical challenges, which has been reflected in our numbers 
also when compared to FY25. Due to this uncertainty, the cost of input materials and many 
other things have gone up, as you all know. We shall see the impact of this in the coming 
times. 
 
FY26, however, has been a very important transition year for Ganesh Housing. The reported 
financial performance moderated as compared to FY25, but you know that FY25 was an 
exceptionally strong year. However, operationally and strategically, this has been one of the 
most significant years in the company's journey, that is FY26. 
 
Over the last 12 months, we have moved from primarily being a land-rich real estate developer 
to building the foundation of a much larger integrated development platform across 
commercial, residential, township and annuity-led businesses. 
 
The progress achieved across Million Minds Tech City and Malabar Retreat, coupled with 
planned One 91 Thaltej and Million Minds Phase 2 gives us increasing confidence about the 
next phase of growth for the company. Before I discuss the quarter and the project updates, I 
would like to briefly touch upon the broader Ahmedabad and Gujarat growth story, which 
continues to remain extremely encouraging. 
 
According to several industry reports, Ahmedabad remains among India's most affordable 
major housing markets with the EMI-to-income ratios significantly lower than most metro 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
cities. Over the last 5 months, the real estate market in Ahmedabad and wider Gujarat has seen 
a strong mix of infrastructure-led growth, premium housing demand, institutional interest and 
some emerging cost pressures, of course. 
 
The biggest driver continues to be the combined impact of GIFT City, metro expansion and 
large-scale urban development. Here are the key developments shaping the markets. The 
recent momentum around global capability centers, GCC, in short, technology parks and 
service sector investments in Gujarat is particularly noteworthy. 
 
Over the past few months, we have seen increasing policy support and institutional interest 
towards positioning Ahmedabad as an emerging technology and innovation hub alongside 
India's established GCC markets. I will, of course, come to the Million Minds project in this 
context a little later. 
 
GIFT City has become the biggest real estate catalyst. The strongest trend is the GIFT City 
ripple effect. North Ahmedabad corridors have seen major appreciation in both residential and 
commercial demand. Developers are aggressively launching mixed-use developments around 
the Gandhinagar-Ahmedabad belt. The market sentiments now treat the Ahmedabad-
Gandhinagar belt almost as one integrated economic zone. 
 
The third development is the Ahmedabad Metro Phase 2, which is materially changing the 
valuations. The operationalization and expansion of Phase 2 of Gujarat Metro Rail 
Corporation, metro network have become a major valuation trigger. The fourth is the luxury 
housing that has become the fastest-growing segment in Ahmedabad. 
 
One of the biggest shift in Ahmedabad has been this, and this movement is from value housing 
city to premium luxury living city. Micro markets leading to this, that is the Vaishnodevi 
Circle, the Ambli-Bopal Road, Shilaj, SG Highway and Thaltej. 
 
Developers like Ganesh are also pushing Ahmedabad's AI smart-enabled homes, sustainable 
architecture, branded residences and township style developments. Record residential launches 
have been there as the fifth point in Q1 FY2026 calendar. If you notice, Ahmedabad has 
recorded a major spike in launches in early 2026. 
 
According to Cushman & Wakefield, residential launches touched about 6,745 units in Q1 
2026. This was about 29% higher year-on-year. This indicates developers remain highly 
bullish on medium-term demand. 
 
The sixth one has been the infrastructure-led corridors, which are outperforming. The strongest 
appreciation those, as I just said, are the SG Highway, SP Ring Road Belt and the Gandinagar 
GIFT belt. This is due to better road infrastructure, industrial growth, warehousing and 
logistics demand, data centers and fintech ecosystem and township developments. The market 
is now moving beyond traditional core Ahmedabad towards planned growth corridors. 
 
The seventh development has been that the commercial real estate has strengthened once 
again. It is in demand because of the improving BFSI and fintech companies, hospitality 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
demand, co-working absorption and retail-led mixed-use projects. Motera and SG Highway 
especially are seeing stronger investment interest. 
 
The last in this is that Gujarat is increasingly viewed as a stable long-term ROI market 
compared to Mumbai, NCR or Bengaluru. Ahmedabad is still considered relatively affordable. 
Rental yields around 3.5%, 5% are attracting investors. Appreciation has been steady rather 
than speculative. 
 
This is attracting NRIs, family offices, SME business owners, long-term investors and 
manufacturing linked wealth from Gujarat. Of course, there are certain emerging challenges of 
increased construction costs and project delays, but these are either manageable or 
surmountable. In conclusion, the Gujarat real estate story is now shifting from affordable Tier 
2 city growth to institutional infrastructure-driven urban expansion. 
 
Coming to the financial performance. For Q4 FY26, the company reported revenues of 
INR122 crores, registering a sequential growth of 33%. EBITDA stood at INR98 crores with 
EBITDA margins of about 80.7% and PAT came in at INR61 crores with PAT margins of 
about 50%. For the full year FY26, revenue stood at INR539 crores and PAT at INR316 
crores. 
 
While these numbers are lower than that of FY25, it is important, as I said earlier, to remember 
that FY26 was an exceptional year. FY25, that is -- FY26 was an execution and transitional led 
focused on project advancements, leasing progress and preparation for the next phase of 
scaling up. We are pleased to state that looking to the strong cash flows that the company has, 
the Board of Directors have recommended a dividend of 15%, that is INR1.5 per share. 
 
Let me mention that even during this transition phase, our margin profile continues to remain 
strong and maybe the strongest in the industry. This reflects the inherent strength of our land 
bank, disciplined capital allocation and prudent fiscal management. 
 
Our balance sheet also continues to be robust. While we have utilized moderate project level 
borrowings during the year to support expansion and development activities, our overall 
gearing remains extremely comfortable and amongst the lowest in the sector. 
 
The company continues to maintain strong financial flexibility supported by internal accruals, 
valuable land reserves and prudent execution. More importantly, the inherent strength of 
Ganesh in terms of its standing in the real estate space of Ahmedabad as well as the large land 
bank at all the happening places, as mentioned above, ensures that the coming year and the 
years thereafter will be very exciting. Especially with all the projects lined up and being 
executed by Ganesh Housing.  
Maybe it's an appropriate time to quote a Sanskrit shloka, which best describes this.  
मिणलुर्ठित पादाग्रे काचः िशरिस धायर्ते । 
क्रयिवक्रयवेलायां काचः काचो मिणमर्िणः ॥ 
 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
What this literally means is that a diamond or a gem may lie at one street, while a glass may be 
placed on one head. But when it comes to true valuation, when the true test comes, glass will 
remain a glass and the value of a diamond or that of a gem will always remain. Correct, if you 
have to apply this to our situation, a temporary fall in performance on fortunes does not 
diminish the intrinsic capability and value. 
 
Now let me discuss some of the key project updates. As you know, Gujarat and Union 
government have been encouraging setting of IT industry in the state. Against this backdrop, 
our Million Minds Tech City project has achieved an important milestone during the quarter. 
As many of you are aware, the Honorable Union Home Minister, Shri Amit Shah, inaugurated 
the first phase of Million Minds Tech City. 
 
This is not merely a completion of another commercial building for us. We believe that this 
marks the beginning of a long-term integrated technology and innovation ecosystem for 
Ahmedabad. Million Minds Tech City development is over approximately 65 acres, as you 
know, with a long-term development potential of over 18 million square feet across 
commercial offices, residential developments, hospitality, retail and social infrastructure. 
 
The Phase 1, which is about leasable area of about 0.85 million, has been inaugurated and fit-
outs are progressing well. We are pleased to state that leasing traction has continued to 
improve steadily. We are seeing encouraging interest from global capability centers, 
technology firms, hybrid workspace operators and innovation-led enterprises. 
 
Discussion and leasing progress have advanced meaningfully over the last few months, and we 
believe that the project would not only be one of Ahmedabad's landmark Grade A commercial 
development, but also that of India going forward. We also believe the timing of this project is 
strategically very favorable. Ahmedabad's emergence as a GCC destination is still at an early 
stage, but the direction of growth is becoming increasingly visible. 
 
Large infrastructure developments, improving connectivity to GIFT City and the broader push 
towards service sector expansion and creating a strong long-term foundation for technology-
led commercial real estate in the region is growing. 
 
Almost 60%, 65% of the leasable area of Million Minds Phase 1 has already been laid out or in 
the last stages of being finalized. The number of inquiries of these lease spaces after the 
inauguration on May 17 has jumped multifold, allowing us to believe that the remaining 35%, 
40% of lease spaces should be quickly filled up. 
 
On to Malabar Retreat, the project continues to progress steadily and is now approximately 
79% complete in all the space. As the project moves closer towards completion, we are 
witnessing increasing traction and stronger customer engagement, which is a trend in premium 
residential developments nearing delivery stage. 
 
Against an overall project value of about INR450 crores, bookings and sales commitments are 
there nearly about INR175 crores, and this has been growing day on day. And the traction 
continues to improve steadily as the project approaches completion. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
The One 91 Thaltej project is in the planning and design approval stages, which is in a very 
advanced stage. We should be able to tell you more about it specifically in Q1 FY27. As you 
know, Ganesh Housing today has one of the largest strategic land reserves in Ahmedabad with 
approximately 518 acres of fully paid land reserves across multiple high-growth corridors. 
 
Certain new land acquisitions and negotiations are underway and would add to this number in 
the times to come. We are acquiring significant land parcels in some of the most exciting spots 
of Ahmedabad. This is in line with our strategy over the years of identifying growth corridors 
well ahead of the market and building long-term value patiently and prudently. 
 
Whether it was SG Highway earlier or the Ahmedabad GIFT Gandhinagar corridor now, we 
believe that the long-term urban expansion of Ahmedabad continues to create meaningful 
opportunities for well-positioned developers with execution capability and land availability. 
 
At the same time, we remain disciplined in our monetization approach. We concentrate and to 
continue to focus on value creation rather than volume-driven transactions. Our land 
monetization strategy remains flexible and calibrated depending on market opportunities and 
infrastructure development and the pricing trends. For example, at Godhavi Township till now, 
only approximately 46 acres have been monetized at healthy realizations averaging around 
INR14.1 crores per acre, and there is huge possibilities lying ahead in this. 
 
Another important aspect of our business evolution has -- is the increasing contribution 
expected from annuity income over the coming years. With Million Minds now nearing 
operationalization, Ganesh Housing is entering into a new phase where recurring lease rentals 
will gradually complement development income and land monetization revenues. We believe 
that this will strengthen earnings visibility and improve the overall quality of our cash flows 
over the medium to long term. 
 
Looking ahead to FY27, we believe it is going to be a very important year operationally for the 
company. We expect commencement of lease rentals of Million Minds, of course, probably 
completion of Malabar Retreat by the end of this year and booking of the sales thereof, which 
is all the project sales and further progress of our monetization of appropriate land parcels 
wherever the opportunity arises. 
 
 
 
Permit me to quote again because this is the right time to quote another shloka, which says, 
 गतं न शोचािम कृतं न मɊे ; ʷः कालवेलां न च िचȶयािम  
अहो प्रहृʼं मम वȅर्मानं ; भिवˈतीतोऽिप महिद्विचत्रम्  
which means, I do not grieve for what is gone. Nor do I obsess over what is already done, that 
is the past years. I do not look at tomorrow with anxiety or worry. My present is joyful and full 
of life. And from this point onward, the future is going to be incredibly wonderful, grand and 
exciting. 
 
With that, I would now request the moderator to open the floor for question and answers. 
Thank you. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Our first question comes from 
the line of Prit Nagersheth with Wealth Finvisor. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
The thing I wanted to better understand is, do you have any kind of guidance on the top line as 
well as EBITDA numbers for FY27? 
B. Ravi: 
We shall be doing that, Prit, in this results -- Q1 results when we announce that, we'll be telling 
at that time. That will be more clearer then. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
So what is the reason why the company has been shy of giving guidance for the last, I would 
say, 4 quarters running? Every single quarter, I think we get told that the next quarter, we will 
be able to give a guidance. And then when that next quarter comes, that is further delayed by a 
quarter. So what's happening on the ground because of which the confidence isn't there to give 
any kind of guidance? 
B. Ravi: 
No, Prit. I would want to correct you slightly on that. And that is we give guidance for the full 
year at the beginning of the year, for the next year, that is. And for FY26, we have given 
guidance at the beginning. And we had said that maybe quarter-on-quarter, whether we'll be 
able to meet up to the guidelines of FY26 or not, that we had to say for the next quarter. But 
year-to-year guidelines, we always have given at the beginning of the year in Q1, and we'll 
continue to do that in for FY26 also -- sorry, '27 also in Q1. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
So is this because the launches see every quarter also, if you look back, right? Every single 
quarter, question gets asked on when is this project launching? And the answer is, hopefully, 
the next quarter. And let's say, Thaltej One, for example, 4 quarters running, it's been moved to 
a quarter ahead. Now what is really happening on the ground? If you can shed some light, is it 
possible that we'll see a launch this year? Is it planned for next year? How do you see this, if 
you can just give some color? 
B. Ravi: 
Sure, sure. See, the kind of projects which we are thinking about can keep changing as to what 
can come which quarter. And it also depends upon the various developments which keep 
happening in and around that area. And therefore -- and of course, the planning and approval 
process itself of various large projects takes time. 
 
With this background in mind, what I can definitely say that is that even for One Thaltej, we 
have looked at various configurations, various things which have been going on in that and are 
coming to the best alternative, which is good for the company in the longer run. So therefore, 
we will be able to exactly tell you, as I told you in my speech, as to very be specific on that in 
Q1 for sure. And that will be the time when we will be able to tell you exactly what is coming 
up in that project. 
 
Leaving that aside, this year, for sure, we are looking at because of the success which is there 
in Million Minds Phase 1, we are looking at 2 projects, which will be coming up in -- that is 
one commercial of Phase 2 in this year itself, maybe in Q2 and one residential project in the 
same one, which has not been done for some time. As you rightly said, we had not done that. 
That will also be coming up in Q3 of this year. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
It all develops -- doesn't depend upon just launching a project or something. We actually look 
at what are the developments which are happening in the surrounding what is best for the 
company in terms of various things which are happening, whether it is the profitability, 
whether it is the configuration of the project, so many things have to be taken into impact 
before we can actually launch. Why that is there is we have had a bad experience years back 
when we had launched and when it was not there, and it could not be sold for a long period for 
various reasons. 
 
These days, if you notice any project which has been launched is being launched with a very 
clear understanding of the time frame within which it will have to be completed and also given 
away in terms of the possession. So because of certain things, I agree with you that we have 
delayed certain launches, but it has always been for the good because ultimately, the land at 
which the area where we are trying to give any project has always been appreciating only 
likely to give us better value than what has been done in the past year. 
Prit Nagersheth: 
Right. No, I understand that. See, the challenge is that there are other companies also in the 
same market, say, another listed peer. And these companies continue to launch projects and 
they are able to successfully do that, take the market, gain market share, while Ganesh 
continues to not launch and hence, thereby lose market share. 
 
Yes, your value on land increases. But for minority shareholders, that really doesn't add any 
value because in the near term, at least these financials don't add up or they don't come. So I 
think the concern was that fine FY26 went as a transition year. But hopefully, in FY27, we will 
see some launches? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. FY27, as I told in my speeches, would definitely comprise of 3 or 4 very different kinds 
of incomes for the company. And that's the reason why I said, let us wait for Q1 to be able to 
give you the guidance, which we are thinking about because some things will be fructifying by 
that time. 
 
And in terms of the market share in all, let's see, Ganesh Housing slightly sits on a different 
platform in terms of the other valuable companies in the market, worthy competitors that is. 
And that is the land bank itself. 
 
Now most of the time, the land bank being one of the -- also the verticals as we keep telling for 
the last 3 years, has been giving us enough value, revenues, profit and cash flow to be able to 
come to the stage where we are in. And that is one thing which we have monetized as and 
when we felt the opportunity to be right. 
 
Projects are another way of monetizing this land bank. And that comes with the various other 
things, that is whether there's a visibility, whether there's enough demand at the price at which 
we're going to launch and what makes more sense of that or the land monetization at a 
particular spot in time. So this is the reason why things might have been very different from 
the other real estate markets. But yes, to conclude on this, as you rightly said, FY27, as I 
mentioned in my speech also, will be a very different year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Deepesh Sancheti with Maanya Finance. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Yes. You mentioned 60% to 65% of your leasable area is either leased or under finalization 
post inauguration. Could you quantify the expected rental yield or annual annuity potential 
from Phase 1 once it is stabilized? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. We had -- if you recollect, we had talked about INR72 crores being the annual lease 
revenues from Phase 1. At this point in time, with the traction which we already have and the 
various other inquiries which are in the process, we believe that we'll be exceeding that INR72 
crores, maybe even towards INR75 crores or INR77 crores. So I think we will not only 
achieve, but we'll also be probably exceeding INR75 crores of rental income. And if things go 
well, well, it could be towards the higher part of INR70 crores rather than being at INR72 
crores. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
This is for the full year, right? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes, yes, we are talking about full year. Yes. FY27, you might have a partial year only, but 
from '28 onwards, it will be the full year, yes. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Great. Okay. Ahmedabad is transitioning from affordable housing market to a more 
institutional and infrastructure-led real estate. How do you see Ganesh's position evolving 
relative to the national developer entering Gujarat? 
B. Ravi: 
No, we have been also -- if you see the Exotica project, which we completed and the Malabar 
Retreat, which we are doing are all on the premium side. So we are also looking at premium 
housing projects only. Even the one which is going to come up in the 65 acres Million Minds 
space, which is a nonprocessing, which I said phase, the first residential will be launched this 
year, also will be in a similar spot because that's what will actually give us the value. 
 
So we do believe that we have been in more or less always in that range. We've never been 
affordable housing that way. So we have -- we are in the mid segment and now we have 
moved to the premium segment. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
And could you discuss the expected capex intensity for the upcoming phases of Million Minds 
and One 91? And how do you intend to fund these projects? Is it through internal accruals, 
construction finance, strategic partnerships or a preferential? 
B. Ravi: 
So One 91 Thaltej has a sale value of INR2,100 crores and the cost of about -- so include land 
cost is about INR1,500. And most of the land is already paid for. So that the construction cost 
is going to be incurred there on. And that's the reason why we'll have enough money from our 
internal accruals itself to develop that project. 
 
Even the housing projects, which we are talking about in Phase 1 of residential in Million 
Minds will -- that, of course, the cost and all that will be coming when we actually complete 
the plan and which when we launch it. So that may be about 2 quarters away from now. And 
therefore, we'll be able to tell you exact amounts therein. 
 
But what we have done is that we have a very good combination of our internal accruals and 
the sales from completed projects, which give us enough money to do this project construction 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
on our own, like what we have done, Million Minds. That entire thing has been done from our 
internal accruals. 
 
We are not shy of borrowing the small amounts, as I always have mentioned in all our earlier 
addresses, that with a very good decent leverage, we are not shy of taking it for the right 
purposes and for expansion one. So you might see some debt in the current year, coupled with 
our internal accruals to fund all these projects. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Right. And when you say FY27 is going to be a great year for the company, do you expect the 
sales to go similar towards FY24, FY25? 
B. Ravi: 
Rather than giving a number, let me tell you what can happen. There is this lease income, of 
course. Malabar Retreat is at the stage of which is right now, it could be completely handed 
over and completed by FY27. That's what is targeted at this point in time. If that happens, 
that's going to be a big value for all project sales itself. 
 
Whatever number of INR450 crores is the sales value, right? So that is going to be one big 
number of just the project. And of course, we have very good traction on the land side, which 
has been one of our very, very major verticals. That also is likely to be coming up in this year 
itself, and there will be income from that. 
 
So rather than give a number, which, of course, I'm going to give a guidance, as I told in Q1 
FY27, that is a month or 2 from now, I would say that these 3 sources of income are going to 
be leading towards the revenues that we are projecting, which we definitely believe to be better 
than what we have just registered. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Right. And from -- when you mentioned that INR450 crores is the GDV, how much of it has 
been recognized in these in the last year, I mean, in FY26? 
B. Ravi: 
No, we -- because it's only -- after completion can be recognized, we haven't recognized 
anything right now. It's all on -- and advances which received is to be in work in progress or it 
will be in the stock. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Majid Ahmed from PinPointX Capital. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Sir, at Godhavi Township, only 46 acres have been monetized so far at INR14.1 crores per 
acre. Given the infrastructure development underway in the Ahmedabad GIFT City corridor, 
what is the management's view on the embedded value potential of the remaining land parcel? 
B. Ravi: 
See the remaining land parcel would be there to the tune of almost 400 acres or so, right, 
Neeraj? 
Neeraj Kalawatia: 
411 acres. 
B. Ravi: 
411 acres. And 411 acres, given all that which is happening in that area purely on a value of 
land itself at the prices at which we have sold can only be increasing beyond that average price 
of INR14 crores per acre. So the potential by itself of Godhavi is extremely high. We have 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
been monetizing that as and when we get a very good traction on and a good deal. That kind of 
a deal should be continuing in this year also. 
 
So other than that, of course, if things go and because the entire development of the sports 
conclave and all, that whole thing is happening in that side only. And therefore, if it happens 
that the demand for the other kind of housing and other things are increasing in that area, then 
rather than just the land part, we will actually be doing development of projects also, which 
will be only increasing the value of that land apart from the value of land itself. 
 
So I think that's a very good potential we have as a huge land bank. And we have seen good 
traction in the years gone by. And we continue to believe that will happen in this year and the 
next year also. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Okay, sir. Got it, sir. And sir, for Malabar Retreat, how much of them have been recognized in 
the income statement? 
B. Ravi: 
No, Retreat cannot be recognized till the time the entire completion happens. We believe that 
FY27, the completion will happen and the entire thing would be recognized because 
accounting standards don't allow us to do completion method. It only after the completion, it 
happens. So nothing has been recognized. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Okay, sir. Got it, sir. And sir, about -- in regards to Million Minds Tech Park, so when are we 
expecting the lease rental to come in, sir? And how much are we expecting this for this year? 
B. Ravi: 
The lease rentals should be starting from Q3, I think, of this year, that is October onwards 
because the project is already complete. The BU is just around the corner. And of course, the 
building permission -- the construction completion permission has already been received, 
building completion that is from the corporation. 
 
So BU is a formality on there on. After that, the fit-outs are going on. So I do believe that the 
rentals will start off from Q3 for sure, if not end of Q2 itself. But that will be partial for this 
year. And I think the full year's potential of INR75 crores will be what we see from 1st April 
'27 onwards. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Okay. Sir, any plans to spin this off into a separate REIT model, REIT structure kind of thing? 
Do you have any plans to make the annuity model linked to that? 
B. Ravi: 
See, that is something which is always financially to be evaluated at appropriate time. So the 
moment these lease -- 100% lease are done and also there is a year or 2 which goes by, I'm 
sure that such kind of a premium building, which is I mentioned, one of the top buildings in 
the top building in Ahmedabad and some of the -- one of the few in India, we are sure that with 
full lease rentals kicking in, there will be plentiful opportunities of trying to monetize that. 
 
So you may -- next 2 years can be just monetizing the entire Phase 1. We never know. But yes, 
we are not -- I mean we thought about it at this point in time because we are concentrating on 
completion of complete lease. But yes, that can always be there on the cards. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Majid Ahmed: 
Got it, sir. And sir, the presentation mentioned that the expected free cash flow generation of 
INR9,950 some planned projects, including capitalized projects, SEZ assets. So could you help 
us understand the assumption behind this estimate and the expected timeline? 
Management: 
See, all this calculation has been done on the current prevailing rate, both on the SEZ future 
development in terms of the commercial as well as the residential part as well as the potential 
development of the township from the current prevailing rate. And also, we have considered 
the Thaltej project also with the expected free cash flow from that project. 
 
So all these numbers, which is coming out in terms of INR9,950 crores are on a conservative 
basis. Though with the progress of the time, the actual free cash flow will be increasing given 
the consideration of the increase in the prices in the year-on-year. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Got it, sir. Because as per your assumption, I was looking that the number, the realization is 
coming around INR5,300 per square foot. So that's what I was assuming very conservative? 
Management: 
That's why I'm saying that we have considered as a prevailing rate on a conservative basis. So 
that at least we will reach to this level in the future. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Sir, I just want to understand like how did we compute the free cash flow 
margins? Like what are the assumptions? If you can give some color, that will be helpful? 
Management: 
Largely free cash flow are the -- where we have considered all the invested part of the land as a 
sunk cost. So that the monetization of that part also will come from the revenue side as well as 
whatever the margin you will be making from the -- over the construction costs. So your free 
cash flow will be higher than your profit. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Sir, finally, just want to know about our Tishman Speyer partnership, how are we looking to -- 
how is it going currently, sir? And any future development with them? 
B. Ravi: 
That was completed for Phase 1. That was -- we had only taken them for Phase 1. And we look 
at it in terms of whether we need them for Phase 2 or not. That point has not yet been 
evaluated. But yes, the partnership with Phase 1 went well, and we'll see how Phase 2 is 
launched. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Satyam Badera with Avinash Mentor Research. 
Satyam Badera: 
I have a couple of questions. As you mentioned, new land acquisitions are underway. Could 
you please elaborate on the strategy here? Are these acquisition around the existing clusters or 
are you entering entirely into new micro markets? 
B. Ravi: 
No, we are not entering into all new micro market. That much I can say. But I can add that it's 
not exactly adjacent to where we are having also those possibilities are never ruled out. But at 
this point in time, the major acquisitions are happening in the most happening places in 
Ahmedabad, all the places where I had mentioned in my speech also where a good 
development is happening. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
In terms of the infrastructure growth and the commercial as well as residential, these are the 
areas where we are acquiring good land parcels in the process at this point in time. I will not be 
able to disclose the exact area because, obviously, it's very sensitive in terms of what's the 
game plan of acquisition of land is always a sensitive matter. 
 
But I can only tell you that these are going to be at a good high-growth markets. That's what 
our plus point has always been identifying and buying at a price which can always be giving us 
multiple growth in the years to come, which is what has led to where we are today, and we'll 
continue to work on those strengths of ours. So in short, at very, very attractive prices at very 
good locations. And all of them are in the current happening places, not in micro markets. 
Satyam Badera: 
Okay. Okay. My other question is on Million Minds Phase 1, can you help us to understand the 
nature of the current leasing pipeline? Specifically, what percentage is under signed LOIs 
versus advanced negotiation? And what kind of tenant profile mix are you seeing between 
these two things for working operators and technology firms? 
B. Ravi: 
Well, the total, what I mentioned was around 60%, 65% is already leased and -- or just in the 
final closes of lease being signed. But as you know, the lease agreement will be done once the 
BU is received, but all these are LOIs at this point in time. We are seeing traction for the 
balance also. 
 
As I said, a lot of inquiries happened after the building was inaugurated. And if you see that, it 
is a very good structure is standing there, very attractive. So a lot of inquiries have started off 
in that. So we do believe that the balance also will be quickly closed. 
 
This is a good combination. It's not -- It's a co-working spaces, the GCCs, the IT, IT SEZ, all 
these kind of people are there who are either present or likely to be present in the future in 
terms of the balance lease. So we would see a good all-round development in terms of the 
occupants. I think the Phase 2 will be very different again. 
 
That can be the large GCCs and all that. But at this point in time, we have a very good mix of 
technology companies, the co-working spaces and innovation-led enterprises and such kind of 
people, which includes, of course, technology firms also. 
Satyam Badera: 
Okay. Okay. One more question is Malabar Retreat is now 79% complete with bookings of 
INR175 crores against the project value of INR450 crores. As the project is near completion, 
do you expect any meaningful acceleration in pricing and bookings? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. Every day, there is some movement or the other. And once the entire structure is ready, 
and you can see that there's a lot of blustering and those kind of work, the finishing work 
which is going on. The more the visibility of that happens, the traction increases. So we do 
believe, as I have told earlier also that by FY27 end, we should be able to complete the entire -
- not only booking of that, but also handing over. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Hetal Vora with Monarch AIF. 
Hetal Vora: 
I had a couple of questions. Could you help me with the land purchased in Q4 in acres? 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Management: 
We have roughly acquired around 7 acres of land during this quarter, last quarter. 
Hetal Vora: 
Okay. All right. Sir, secondly, I see in our balance sheet, our loans have gone up compared to 
FY25. Could you help me understand what are the loans -- these loans exactly taken for? 
B. Ravi: 
In the last quarter, the last week of FY26 that is in March, we have taken about INR150 crores 
about loan from -- on based on our leases, which were there LOIs, which were signed. So it 
was more of an LRD kind of a facility that we took on our Million Minds. This was for various 
opportunities which are coming up, both from our construction and as well as various business 
opportunities in terms of acquisition, which is likely to be in place. 
 
So till now, we completed everything with our accruals. And we thought that when an 
opportunity comes in, we should not be shy of borrowing. So we took a small INR150 crores 
LRD-based loan. And that's the reason why the borrowing went up in the balance sheet. 
Hetal Vora: 
I also see that short-term borrowings went to INR149 crores. So what is that pertaining to? 
Management: 
These are largely the loans from the group companies and entities. 
Hetal Vora: 
So what new entities? 
Management: 
Group entities, these are largely from a group companies... 
B. Ravi: 
Unsecured borrowings. 
Management: 
They are classified under the short term. 
Hetal Vora: 
All right. Sir, so is it now that we are going to see more residential unit projects coming up in 
FY27, can we please expect a separate presales figure in our presentation and the press 
release? And along with it, if you could also just please add the LRD percentages now that we 
are open to taking up more debt. So that will be very helpful for us to analyse? 
B. Ravi: 
Sure, Hetal. We'll keep that in mind for sure. I think that would be more appropriate in the Q3 
onwards. But yes, we take a suggestion. We'll keep that in mind. 
Hetal Vora: 
Sure, sir. And sir, just one last question. In our Godhavi land parcel, are we open to also 
considering JDs with other developers since we have access to massive land that would also 
help us with developing it? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. I mean the opportunities can never be ruled out. What you have said such kind of 
opportunities can come in. Till now, we have never done that, frankly, in terms of joint 
development and all. But when it comes up with a very good project, some real good brand 
comes up, we cannot rule it out. In the future because opportunity in business should always be 
tapped. That's all we believe and never say no to anything for that matter. But at this point in 
time, there's no such proposal. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sandeep Agarwal with Smarth Singh Investment 
Advisory. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Firstly, congratulations on the operational progress across Million Minds and Malabar Retreat. 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you. 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Okay. So my first question is like what -- with Million Minds like nearly operational, what 
could be the company's preferred capital allocation priority over like next for 2 to 3 years, next 
project launches or like land acquisition or scaling commercial assets? 
B. Ravi: 
It would have to be a very good mix and blend of both. While on one hand, we have to 
monetize the land with good development and especially in that Million Minds area, of course. 
And also, on the other hand, we might also sell, monetize the land as and when an opportunity 
comes in, but land being the raw material, which is always the case for any real estate 
development, the acquisition of new parcels of land will always be parallelly always of top 
importance because raw material has to be always there in the pipeline. 
 
So we do believe that the way the plans are there for the next 3, 4 years, Million Minds, Phase 
2 and 3 of commercial, residential 1 and 2, these are the projects, 4 more projects which are 
definitely likely which we already have put earlier also, but we will definitely launch those. 
 
On the other side, whenever land opportunity comes in, in terms of Godhavi or any other 
place, we will monetize that land. That will be the project side, the projects plus land together. 
That's the revenue side. On the acquisition side, as I said, we have already in the process of 
acquiring more land, and we'll continue to do that in the future also. 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Okay. So basically, you are saying that it will be a good blend and the land acquisition will be 
of the top priority? 
B. Ravi: 
Land acquisition and project execution, both will be of a top priority. Whichever time, it will 
be only a matter of time. Today, there may be an opportunity of both coming up together or 
today, it will be only land acquisition. Tomorrow, there will be only a project execution, which 
can be a top priority. Both these things are equally to be weighed. 
Sandeep Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. I have one more follow-up -- one more question. Like what kind of prelaunch 
interest you have witnessed for like Thaltej 91? And how does it compare with the 
management's initial expectation? 
B. Ravi: 
See, pre-launches are -- this is a project which is being done by known people that is -- and a 
very good brand and who have got a very good track record of execution and delivery. And 
therefore, in terms of booking, these soft bookings, a lot of people will always be interested in 
trying to say, come into such an area which is there as well as such a building. 
 
Having said that, the soft launches can be only told when the project is launched and when it is 
converted after the RERA, only then we can actually be able to tell anything on the quantum 
and all. So we'll have to wait for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arvind Mahadevan with Equiventure Capital 
Advisors. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
My question number one would be in Q3 itself, the LOI received with regards to Million 
Minds were close to 60%. And in Q4, we are just at 66%. So can you give me an idea about 
why the growth rate has been so slow or the spurt of interest has been so weak with regards to 
Million Minds itself? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. One, the earlier period, there were only just inquiries. And now that we are talking about, 
they are either already LOI signed or in the last stages. So therefore, the quality of that is, leave 
alone the percentage, the quality of the certainty is much better. That's one. 
 
And second, yes, the percentages haven't dropped -- haven't increased dramatically only 
because of, one, the completion had to be seen. And the second, more often than not, very 
large ones who are there maybe sitting on the fence at this point in time would come in only 
when the BU is there, which is -- that is building the use certificate, in particular, though every 
other details permissions are there. So that is happening even as we speak, maybe today or 
tomorrow, that's as close as this. I think after that, this will jump. 
 
Especially after the inauguration, we saw the kind of inquiries which have jumped, the kind of 
footfalls and inquiries, we believe that people really want to see that everything is in place so 
that they can move in tomorrow, that kind of an opportunity. That's when it will really increase 
tremendous. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
Yes. Fair enough. Understood. Apart from that, sir, I mean, since Malabar would get 
completed, there's a good possibility of Malabar Retreat getting completed this year. So there 
would be a significant jump in revenue for the -- of our current year for FY26 per se. But sir, 
what about the future projects? For example, Phase 2 of Million Minds, when can we expect it 
to be commissioned by quarter 2 or quarter 3? 
B. Ravi: 
Of commercial, you're talking about, right? Phase 2? 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
Yes, sir. Yes. 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. Phase 2 is quarter 2. Phase 2 of Million Minds is quarter 2. The residential will be in 
quarter 3. Actually, the Phase 2 can be even preponed earlier. If we think that everything is 
placed, we might do it even earlier. 
Arvind Mahadevan: 
And we can expect it to be completed within 2 years' time period? 
B. Ravi: 
That has been the track record. So... 
Management: 
That will take 3 years. 
B. Ravi: 
The larger construction. That will take 3 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Janad Shah from The Wealth Company. 
Janad Shah: 
We are the biggest in terms of land bank in and around Ahmedabad and we have also seen 
very good progress in terms of Million Minds. My question was that like what we have been 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
doing is in the last 2, 3 years, most of the profits, so it was in '24 was INR461 crores and '25 is 
INR598 crores and this year, INR316 crores, mostly has been from the sale of land, right? 
 
And generally, the markets don't report in the sense, the markets always look at the operational 
-- pure operational performances. So because of the delay of Thaltej One and Smile City, I 
think maybe like can you give more clarity as to -- like I already heard that you have said that 
in quarter 1, you'll be giving the guidance regarding that. 
 
But like Smile City also, like it has been into the presentation since the last 18 months. but 
there is no progress on any sort of launch in Smile City. Vis-a-vis the -- like our nearest 
competitor is also Ahmedabad based and they have no land bank, but they have seen more than 
4 launches in the last 18 months. So could you please explain on this? 
B. Ravi: 
Sure. One thing which we have always explained all these years, and we'll continue to do that 
now is that one of the very important verticals of Ganesh Housing apart from the various 
projects which we have launched, executed and handed over, whether it was Malabar Retreat, 
Malabar Exotica and all, this is also happening to be one of a very important vertical. 
 
And our historic prices of land and acquisition actually gives us the top opportunity to 
monetize that as and when required because land always is in short supply at the places where 
it is required, especially. 
 
And that is the strength of Ganesh, that is we have been able to monetize exactly at the 
appropriate time because we had bought it low. That will always continue in terms of being 
one of the verticals apart from the projects which we have launched or we are under 
construction or which we will be launched. 
 
What I can say that Smile City 1, that is where we have already -- it's not the project. Project 
may not necessarily be only a construction project. In Smile City, that is that Godhavi land, we 
have done -- sold about 46 acres, what I mentioned earlier. 
 
And that has been -- you might categorize as land or you can categorize it as a project because 
land by itself has been done as a land sale as a part of the total Godhavi project. It's such a big 
land parcel that not everything can be developed and that not everything can be developed in a 
few years. 
 
So as and when the opportunity comes up in that, we will do a development, which may be in 
this year or next year. But definitely, if an opportunity comes, we sell the land also. So that we 
can categorize as a land sale or whether you can categorize as a project sale. I would put it as a 
project sale because it's a Smile City project, which is comprising of land plus projects. So that 
is 65 acres. And the last 4 quarters have been comprising of that. 
 
Earlier to that, we agree. That was a pure land sale, which is one of the verticals, as I just 
mentioned. So it's a combination, I would call, which is leading to the total growth of Ganesh 
Housing. Maybe yes, the kind of what you're saying, people recognition and reward is -- could 
be slow in coming. But what is important is that for a real estate company is that it has got a 
very low acquisition cost for a large land bank, which is easily monetizable, one. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
Second, it has got a very good traction of execution for the future. And third, very importantly, 
has the cash available at an appropriate time to continue to develop new projects or buy new 
land and then balance out with a 0 debt. That kind of a possibility only happens when you have 
these inherent strength of the land bank to start with and then the projects to get along with. So 
it's a good combination of both, I would say. And I'm sure the markets will be able to 
recognize that as we go along. 
Janad Shah: 
But let -- the Thaltej One clarity would surely come in the quarter 1 results, right? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes, sure, sure. Yes, definitely. 
Janad Shah: 
My last question is that like our dividend payout, though we declared a 15% dividend, in 2024, 
it was 110% dividend, which came down to 50% and it is right now 15%. Now if we see we 
are at like in the sense like all three companies, we have just taken debt for name sake, then 
why can't the dividend be maintained also looking at the promising prospects of Ganesh 
Housing in the long term? 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. See, this time, I think the Board discussed and then came at the 15% because good 
opportunities are coming up where the cash can be utilized for the growth. So the growth of 
the company has been kept uppermost in mind while giving a lower dividend so that the cash 
can be conserved, and especially when such a lot of things are happening in Ahmedabad. 
 
So that is the only consideration. But I'm sure if the cash position and as the projects and all go 
as planned for the next year, the dividend, I'm sure the Board will always feel more enthused to 
give -- go back to their earlier levels. 
Janad Shah: 
Right, sir. And sir, a small other question. See, looking at artificial intelligence and how this is 
going on. Within Minds, we are going to do many, many such projects, like maybe 7. Then 
would some also be open for educational purposes and some other purposes or only it will be 
for lease? 
B. Ravi: 
Educational purposes, we haven't thought about at this point in time in terms of the planning. It 
is all... 
Janad Shah: 
Sir, I mean university. 
B. Ravi: 
Yes. No. In the future, today, whatever we have, it would not be there for the next phases for 
sure. We have thought about all of them being as a commercial development only. And we do 
believe looking at the GCC capability, which is coming up, which I think has received a lot of 
traction, that could be another center for that in the years to come. So it will be all commercial 
development. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we would take that as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing 
remarks. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 

 
Ganesh Housing Limited 
 
 
June 01, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
B. Ravi: 
Thank you all for joining the call and asking important relevant and pointing questions. I hope 
I've been able to satisfy you and answer all the questions, but we're always open to be asked 
through GIA or and ourselves also. 
 
I can surely say that we believe that the foundations being built today will position our 
company well, not just for the next 1 year, 1 or 2 years, but for the next decade. It could be 
demand -- that demand patterns are changing. And in this changing landscape, we believe that 
Ganesh Housing is uniquely positioned. 
 
So there may be a few delays, but the kind of a position that we are in with a near-zero debt, 
large strategic bank, strong execution capabilities and, of course, an increasingly diversified 
development platform, we do believe that these things will be all seen in the coming times. 
 
So as always, we remain committed to disciplined growth, transparent governance, prudent 
capital allocation and sustainable long-term value creation for the stakeholders. Goodbye, and 
see you soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
GANESH---® 
HOUSING .. 
LIMITED.., 
