 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1st June, 2026 
 
 
The Secretary 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
BSE Code: 500645 
NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT 
 
Subject: Management Transcript of Q4 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the Management Transcript of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on 29th May, 2026 to discuss the financial results of the Company for the 
quarter & year ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
The transcript of the Q4 FY 2026 Earnings Conference Call will also be made available on the website 
of the Company i.e. https://www.dfpcl.com/. 
 
We request you to take the same on your record.  
 
                           Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Deepak Fertilisers 
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
 
Rabindra Purohit 
VP – Legal, Compliance & Company Secretary 
Membership No.: FCS4680 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
RABINDRA 
KUMAR PUROHIT
Digitally signed by RABINDRA 
KUMAR PUROHIT 
Date: 2026.06.01 14:24:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation 
Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Financial Results Conference Call” 
May 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
• MANAGEMENT:  
• 
MR. SAILESH MEHTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
• 
MR. SUBHASH ANAND – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND PETROCHEMICALS 
CORPORATION LIMITED 
• 
MR. TARUN SINHA – PRESIDENT – TAN BUSINESS – DEEPAK 
FERTILISERS AND PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
• 
MR. SUPARAS JAIN – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT – 
CORPORATE FINANCE – DEEPAK FERTILISERS AND 
PETROCHEMICALS CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AAKASH MAJI – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY '26 Financial Results Conference 
Call of Deepak Fertilisers hosted by IIFL Capital Services. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aakash Maji from IIFL Capital Services. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Aakash Maji: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Deepak Fertilisers Q4 
and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us Mr. Sailesh Mehta, Chairman 
and MD of the company; Mr. Subhash Anand, President and CFO; Mr. Tarun Sinha, President 
of the TAN business; and Mr. Suparas Jain, Executive VP, Corporate Finance. We will begin 
the call with opening remarks from the management team, followed by an interactive Q&A 
session. To begin, Mr. Sailesh Mehta will share views on the operating performance and the 
growth plans of the company, followed by Mr. Subhash Anand, who shall take us through the 
financial performance. 
 
I now invite Mr. Mehta to share his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Thank you. Is my voice clear? Thank you. So a very warm welcome, rather hot welcome with 
this peak of summer to everyone and thank you for joining us today. Our earnings presentation 
and press release were available on the stock exchanges and our website. And I do hope you 
have had an opportunity to review them. So as usual, what I will do is share some undercurrents 
and insights. And then, of course, the detailed financial analysis would be shared with by 
Subhash and the team. And of course, they are available for all question and answers also. 
 
So as we saw Q4 pan out, we also, like companies in India and globally, had to operate in a very 
challenging environment, thanks to Mr. Trump. We saw a sudden impact emerging from sudden 
shortage of LPG and the refineries were also pushed hard to not reduce the supplies of LPG, and 
that impacted an LPG cut, which is propylene, which supports our IPA business. We also saw 
LNG cuts that impacted our Fertilisers and Chemicals businesses because LNG vessels got 
stuck, as you're all aware. 
 
Fertiliser prices went shooting through the roof, and we saw an inadequate and delayed subsidy 
coverage from the government. Somewhere we saw even skilled labor for our projects impacted 
by LPG shortage for cooking besides a lot of them vanishing due to the West Bengal and other 
state elections. We also saw China bringing an export ban on some of the critical products. 
 
And conversely, we also saw India bringing in a ban on exports of ammonium nitrate. Now 
considering these multiple challenges, I think we have navigated fairly well. As we see things 
panning out now and the positive trends continuing over Q1, we are now seeing that there has 
been some respite we have got, thanks to the Petroleum Ministry providing us some help to 
source LPG propylene. But we're still having some challenges because they have indicated 
refineries, which are far away from us. So the landed costs are higher, but that is something we 
are navigating. 
 
On the LNG front, while there has been an improvement on the gas front, I'm really happy to 
share that our maiden cargo from our 15-year contract arrived just a few weeks back. And 
frankly, I might share that any relationship and such long-term relationship is truly tested during 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
a crisis. And I'm truly happy and grateful to share that our Norwegian suppliers bent over 
backwards to ensure that the LNG supplies don't get impacted, thanks to the war holdups and 
all. 
 
Also, while Q4 saw a long-ish planned shutdown for our ammonia plant to also bring in some 
efficiencies and capacity improvements, and that brought in an impact of around INR70 crores 
in Q4. But as we speak today, the plant is performing very well, and we are seeing not only an 
improvement in capacities, but also efficiencies. So as now we are seeing the real benefits 
emerging of our value chain, that is, LNG to ammonia to the complete downstream, that is now 
gradually coming alive. 
 
As far as our Crop Nutrition business goes, we did try to push for even higher premiums so that 
some of these higher costs could be passed on. But somewhere the subsidy support was not 
adequate to bridge this runaway raw material price hike. Also, as the government held the 
fertiliser prices, the urea and DAP prices to the farmers in view of the state elections, it put a 
little lid on how much premium we could charge on our NPKs. 
 
Yet the quantum of premiums gives a very strong validation to us that the enriched specialty 
smart fertilisers that we have brought in have truly crossed the mindset of price boundaries in 
view of the superior value proposition that they give in terms of better yields and better quality 
produce. 
 
I might also share that while we do hear about the El Nino impact likely to pull down the rains 
somewhat, we are still tracking for granular details and reports. Since broadly, we have gathered 
that the impact could possibly be lesser in our crop geographies, but we'll need to wait and see 
the granular weather reports to come up. 
 
Now while the project execution is going strong, we do have a little time realignment due to 
severe shortage of skilled contract manpower, which we face with various states going in for 
elections and suddenly, there was a severe shortage with West Bengal, Tamil Nadu and other 
elections and also some impact that emerged because of lack of cooking LPG. But now we've 
again bounced back to full-fledged, full steam working. 
 
On the other side, we completed the acquisition of an explosive unit and are now moving forward 
on our planned strategy from product to holistic solutions for our TAN and Mining business. As 
we see the Gopalpur TAN facilities, we will be uniquely placed as we come into production 
because our TAN facilities will be based on stable and consistently available produced or 
imported ammonia and not based on constraints of government surplus ammonia policies for 
urea ammonia plants. Our Gopalpur facilities are advantageously placed in the midst of the key 
mining geographies in the East, and we would enjoy good freight advantages. 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir, your voice is not clear now. Okay, sir, please go ahead. 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Gopalpur facilities are  placed in the midst of key mining of the geography... 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, your voice is not clear. I'll just call you back. Ladies and gentlemen, the 
management has been connected. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Sailesh Mehta: 
Okay. my voice is clear, right? Okay. So as I was saying, as far as Gopalpur goes, that our TAN 
facilities at Gopalpur are going to be based on stable and consistently available produced or 
imported ammonia and not based on the constraints of the government surplus ammonia policy 
for urea ammonia plants. Our Gopalpur facilities are advantageously placed in the midst of the 
key mining geographies in the East and would that way enjoy good freight advantages. Having 
TAN facilities in the West and East will give our customers a strong risk-mitigated supply 
consistency while allowing us to supply from the best freight economic zone. 
 
The group is having 9 nitric acid plants, 4 ammonium nitrate plants, global best technologies 
and 45 years of customer relationships. These strengths obviously can't be easily replicated. And 
lastly, with our unique porous prills, the mining knowledge base, BMDs for the last mile 
connectivity to the mines, we will enjoy unique selling propositions for the premium segments 
of the market. 
 
So all in all, as I see it, we are finding very strong validation on our strategies of, number one, 
the investments we have made in the value chain. So now it will pan out very clearly right from 
the 15-year LNG contract, the world-class ammonia plant, the downstream capacities that we 
have added in terms of fertiliser, acids, ammonium nitrate. And last but not the least, the very 
strong strategic drive that we have brought in from commodity to holistic solutions. So all of 
these we are going to see unfolding in the next year, obviously, supported with the larger 
tonnages coming out of the 2 projects. So this is broadly the way we see things panning out. 
 
I now would invite Subhash to share with you the financials and the logics and of course, help 
you on all clarifications and questions. Subhash? 
Subhash Anand: 
Thank you, Mr. Mehta, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me take you through the financial 
performance and highlights the key drivers across business segments. At the consolidated level, 
we delivered revenue growth of around 12% for the full year with revenue at INR11,506 crores. 
For the quarter, revenue stood at INR3,011 crores, reflecting continued volume-led growth in 
Mining Chemicals and Crop Nutrition, along with a sequential recovery in Industrial Chemicals. 
On profitability, our full year EBITDA stood at INR1,684 crores, while Q4 EBITDA came at 
INR354 crores. 
 
If I step back and look at the full year picture, it was a story of 2 halves. In the first half, we saw 
a strong performance across businesses, supported by relatively favorable pricing and operating 
conditions. However, the second half was more subdued. This was largely due to sharp increase 
in input cost in Fertiliser business, particularly phos acid and sulfur, whereas the pass-through 
to customer and the corresponding subsidy support lagged the cost escalation. 
 
At the same time, we also saw pricing pressure in Chemicals segment, especially in IPA, which 
further weigh on margin during the second half. It is also important to note that Q4 includes the 
impact of planned ammonia shutdown with a one-off effect of around INR75 crores. Adjusting 
to this, the underlying operating trend is more stable, and we are beginning to see early sign of 
sequential movement. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
At the PAT level, full year profit stood at INR739 crores. After adjusting the one-time tax credit 
in the previous year, the decline is around 18%, largely driven by margin compression, partly 
offset by lower finance costs. 
 
Let me now briefly touch upon the performance across businesses. In Mining Chemicals, the 
business delivered a strong recovery during a quarter after a softer Q3. Volume were up 12% Y-
o-Y basis and 27% sequentially with a full year growth of around 11%. The B2C segment 
continued to scale well, now contributes around 16% of the revenue compared to 13% last year. 
This is an important structural shift, improving both realization and customer engagement and 
will remain a key driver going forward. 
 
In Industrial Chemicals, performance remained mixed, but with improving trend, nitric acid 
volume shows healthy growth during the year, while IPA performance were impacted by weak 
price and lately constraint in RGP availability, which continue to limit volumes. However, now 
we are seeing an early sign of recovery in both TAN and Industrial Chemicals segment with 
improving spread supported by tighter global supply conditions and lower import. 
 
In Crop Nutrition, the quarter was challenging. The business impacted by lower farm gate prices, 
elevated channel inventory and sharp increase in input cost. Importantly, there was also a lag in 
subsidy realignment, which affected margins during the period. Despite this, Croptek delivered 
resilient performance and the overall product mix continued to improve. Specialty and Croptek 
now contributes around 33% of segment revenue, up from 30% previous year, which is a very 
important structural level lever for improving margins over time. 
 
On the balance sheet, capex during the year around INR1,569 crores as we move closer to the 
completion of our key growth projects. As a result, the net debt stood at INR4,824 crores and 
net debt to EBITDA is around 2.86x. This reflects the final phase of our investment cycle and is 
aligned with the capacity creation underway. 
 
On a project growth or on a project progress, both our key projects are now in advanced stage. 
Gopalpur TAN project is around 95% complete. Dahej nitric acid project is around 86% 
complete. The cumulative CWIP on both the project is around INR3,050 crores. However, if we 
see a total spend, including GST and advances, total cumulative spend is around INR3,800 
crores. Commissioning is expected in Q2 FY '27, and both projects remain within the approved 
capex envelope. These assets will significantly enhance our capacity, cost competitiveness and 
operating leverage going forward. 
 
Another key milestone during the period has been commencement of supply under our long-
term LNG contract with Equinor with the first shipment already received in May. This 
strengthens our ammonia value chain by improving supply security, cost visibility and 
integration advantage, which will support margin stability across downstream businesses. In 
addition, we have completed the acquisition at DMSL, which strengthened our mining chemical 
platforms and enhance our ability to deliver integrated value-added solutions to customers. 
 
Let me now summarize. We have delivered strong revenue growth despite operating in 
challenging environment. Margins were impacted by input cost inflation, pricing pressures, 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
certain one-off factors, but we are now beginning to see clear sign of improvement. Going 
forward, we expect quality of earnings to improve, supported by 3 key levers: tightening global 
supply conditions, which are helping to improve spreads, better cost visibility and stability from 
our long-term gas arrangement. 
 
And a stronger business mix with higher contribution from Specialty products and B2C segment. 
In addition, the ramp-up of new capacities in the coming quarters will provide further support to 
growth and operating leverage. So overall, with these levers coming into play, we are confident 
of progressively stronger performance in the coming period. Thank you. 
 
We would now be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Rohit Sinha with Sunidhi Securities. Please 
go ahead.  
Rohit Sinha: 
So first question is on the TAN volume side. This quarter, we did, I think, one of the highest 
volume on a quarterly basis. Although in last 2 quarters, there was some subdued numbers. So 
is this a new run rate for us? Or is there some backlog sales also in this quarter, which led to 
higher volume? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Okay. Thanks for the question. This is Tarun Sinha: speaking. The reason for a slightly better 
performance in Q4 on volume terms compared to Q3 is demand strengthening. And as you know, 
as we get to the last quarter of the financial year in India, all the mining companies, particularly 
have their targets of mineral production and rock production to achieve. So that provides the 
impetus to the explosives demand, which then leads into the TAN volume. So that would be the 
primary reason, I would say, for better volumes in Q4. 
 
This trend is likely to continue. Although we are getting into a soft season, as you know, we are 
getting into monsoon. So Q2 is cyclically and seasonally weaker in terms of demand, but we 
don't see any long-term demand destruction for any reason. 
Subhash Anand: 
And currently, the volume, what you are seeing is from our existing capacity. Once Gopalpur 
come in, then definitely the new normal volume will be much higher where we are currently. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Got it. Sir, in terms of realization, if you could highlight how much benefit we have seen in this 
quarter or how much is expected to be coming in the Q1 as I believe still considering the kind 
of volume, revenue is slightly lower as what we have seen, the kind of prices prevailing in the 
market? 
Subhash Anand: 
Let me start and then Tarun will add into this. Yes, and as you can see on the international 
market, the prices of FGANs are firming up, primarily led by disturbance or distractions in the 
-- because of war in Russia, Ukraine, some of the export got banned. And some of the volume 
got, I'll say, since the import quantity in the country got restricted on top of that, FGAN prices 
started getting firm up. So that is getting reflected on our realization or getting -- is visible at 
this point of time. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Rohit Sinha: 
Basically, I mean, what sort of realization would be there prevailing currently, if at all you can 
disclose? 
Subhash Anand: 
No. In fact, it's a published number. I say if you are looking at FGAN prices, it's a published 
number and every month, prices are going up. March FGAN international FOB was somewhere 
around $300 -- somewhere around $400 this thing. It has further firmed up during this quarter. 
So prices are firming up, although most of the time, domestic prices broadly go in line with 
international prices, but correlation is not always one-on-one, but broadly trend remains similar, 
I call it. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Got it. Secondly, sir, on the Equinor supply side, I mean as we have received the shipment, so 
just wanted to understand kind of how long we are secured in terms of natural gas supply from 
this shipment? 
Subhash Anand: 
Now we are fully secured. When I say fully secured, the way we have contract -- we have a 
minimum take-or-pay contract currently with our existing local supplier. On top of that, we have 
got now 15-year long supply. So we don't see actually any shortage of gas at this point of time. 
And not just for next couple of months. We have a few more shipment parcel already lined up 
in this year. So it's not the first shipment, and it's not the last shipment. Every -- with a gap of a 
few months, we are getting new parcel. So we are comfortably placed in terms of gas supply is 
concerned. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Got it. Got it, sir. One last question before I join in the queue. From the nitric acid side, could 
you throw us some color on specialty grade nitric acid products that we are working on and how 
we are progressing and what kind of opportunity we have in this? 
Subhash Anand: 
We are working on some of the -- I'll call it, some of the special customer grade nitric acid 
product. But they are in early stage at this point of time. Most of them in, I say, commercial trial 
run stage, not yet fully commercialized. So in terms of contribution, very, very small. But 
definitely, they are the one which as a team, we are focused and we are trying to take it to a 
commercial stage and then it ramp-up can happen. But currently, it's too early on those products 
to contribute meaningful in our overall portfolio. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham Dhasmana with Asit Koticha Family Office. 
Shubham Dhasmana: 
Sir, for acetone or IPA prices, what are our expectations, let's say, for next 6 months? And what 
could be the driving factor for the price recovery in your opinion? 
Subhash Anand: 
Sorry, your voice is not very clear. If you can repeat the question. 
Shubham Dhasmana: 
So for acetone or IPA prices, what are our expectations for next 6 months? And what could be 
the driving factor for the price recovery in your opinion? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Now if you're asking current IPA prices, it's already very, very high. And reason for that 
is the polypropylene is not available or the government restriction because of LPG shortage. So 
the prices have moved up. Is IPA available? Limited quantity of IPA available at this point of 
time because of RGP limited availability. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
So will the price will remain elevated for some time? Yes, price will remain elevated for some 
time before the situation becomes normal and then we'll have to see what will be the normal IPA 
prices once things go back. Will it come back to a similar level? Unlikely, but the new normal 
is expected post that. 
Shubham Dhasmana: 
Okay. And sir, for our TAN new plant, what are the capacity utilization numbers are we 
expecting for the full year FY '27? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. The way things look like -- and since we are in TAN business and operating across various 
geographies at this point of time on TAN, we don't expect us will take much longer time to ramp 
up and reach to a, I'll say, good capacity utilization level. We expect by end of this year, we 
should be at least touching 90% to 95% utilization on a TPD basis. It will be a gradual uptick, 
but yes, we should be able to reach there. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kushal Shah, an individual investor. 
Kushal Shah: 
So my first question is in terms of percentage of HDAN and LDAN that we are going to produce 
from Gopalpur facility and our current facility, and it is in the light of the fact that we are 
oversupplied as far as HDAN is concerned. And also as an investor raised a question in the 
previous quarterly call. But as far as LDAN is concerned, I think we are undersupplied, and 
please confirm if that is a concern? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Thank you for the question. Again, this is Tarun Sinha: answering this question. One of the 
benefits we have across our TAN plants, whichever location you look at, is all our TAN plants 
are fully fungible in terms of the product mix, which means all plants, whether 3 production 
lines in Taloja, in Srikakulam and the new one coming up in Gopalpur, they can produce any 
kind of product mix in solid and liquid form. And within solid, any mix between high density 
and low density. 
 
So this benefit is passed on to the market because we produce to market needs. It is not inward 
or an internal decision that this is the ratio of the products that we will produce in different plants. 
We are here for customers and the market needs. So we keep changing gears in terms of the 
product mix as and when the market needs change. That's how we look at it. That's how we plan 
things going forward. So there is no particular number or ratio anyone can give at any point in 
time in terms of the product mix. 
Kushal Shah: 
And my second question is on the lines of that we acquired an explosive manufacturer. Could 
you please tell the long-term strategy of the company with respect to that particular explosive 
manufacturer? 
Tarun Sinha: 
So this acquisition, as our Chairman mentioned in his opening speech also, is consistent with 
and a very big enabler to the transformation strategy of DMSL, which is the mining solutions, 
mining services entity of the group in the sense that the business model that we are evolving in 
DMSL is that of being able to provide the productivity improvements in the mines and the 
quarries and the infrastructure projects. Simple definition of productivity improvement is cost 
of mineral extraction, cost of rock extraction. So how can we impact that through a solution. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
For that, we need full range of products under our control. And that comes from -- that's one of 
the things we achieved from this acquisition as we build upon this journey of being able to have 
a full range of products to take it to the mines and end users to provide those solutions. So that's 
the strategic fit of this acquisition in the overall transformation journey of DMSL from being a 
traditionally AN producer and supplier to a holistic mining solutions provider. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sheelkumar Shah from Sameeshka Capital. 
Sheelkumar Shah: 
Yes. My first question is on the margins. So how should we look at chemical margins because 
of better integration benefits and this gas contract kicking in? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. If you're looking at total, I'll say, segment as a Chemicals, then yes, the margin 
improvement will happen because Equinor contracts do give us a benefit in terms of overall 
input cost. However, the way we look in the business, each business has been seen separately 
based on IPP transfer pricing, not based on cost plus. So each business on its own will show the 
profitability and Equinor gas contract benefit will finally flow into our ammonia business, which 
is PCL. But if you're looking holistically, the margin improvement is certain and that will get 
reflected in our consolidated chemical portfolio. 
Sheelkumar Shah: 
Any quantification would help, if you can. 
Subhash Anand: 
No. That's the information. You'll be able to see once we come up with next quarter results, 
partial reflection will be visible there. 
Sheelkumar Shah: 
Okay. And my second question is on the cash flow. Our receivables and inventory days have 
gone up significantly during the year. So how should we look at that? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. This is basically, as Chairman also spoke, fertiliser business has gone soft. The rabi season 
was not -- I'd say, towards the end of rabi, we have seen uneven rain and then farmers getting 
impacted. Currently, the inventory is slightly higher in the trade. Channel inventory is slightly 
higher. So that's what is leading to higher inventory as well as receivables in our fertiliser 
business. 
 
But now reaching to kharif season, the actual pull is going to start from next, I'd say, any time 
now, we have reached to a state. So this is a temporary buildup for our Kharif season. Maybe 
next month or 2, we'll be back to normal and this elevated working capital will not be there. 
Sheelkumar Shah: 
Okay. And if you can give us a capex guidance for FY '27 and possibly... 
Subhash Anand: 
FY'27, definitely capex continues to be because we have 2 ongoing projects, which need to get 
completed, both Gopalpur and Dahej. And there is a capex spending. I have already shared 
overall project capex for that is around INR4,650 crores. And currently, total capex spend is 
including GST and advances is around INR3,800 crores. So there is almost INR800 crores to 
INR1,000 crores capex spending, including maintenance. 
 
So this year will be an elevated capex. Next year onward, we should back to a normal capex 
because our current period of investment will coming to an end. And before the next phase starts, 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
it will be a normal maintenance capex, and that should be in line with what you have seen in the 
last couple of years, not significantly different. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Parth Kotak with Plus91 Asset Management. 
Parth Kotak: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Sir, a couple of questions. One, on the demerger 
front, any expected time lines? Are we expecting to do it this year? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, not immediately. In fact, we yet to take a call in terms of form and shape and timing of 
subsidiary listing and demerger or listing, I call it, not demerger, how and when it has to happen. 
So we'll come back once we have more clarity. But yes, we are committed and we'll walk that 
path. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sure. Sir, just second question. In the opening remarks, you mentioned that we have adequate 
supply tied down for ammonia for Gopalpur. So if you could probably give us some details on 
where the supply is coming from? I mean, how have you tied up the capacity, that would be 
helpful. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Now a couple of things when we say ammonia. Currently, if you see, we ourselves 
produce almost 500,000 plus ammonia from PCL. We also trade in ammonia, a large quantity 
of ammonia is being traded by us, which means we import and we sell. We do have an expertise 
of ammonia. That's what we claim, I call it or we can claim that we are in this business for long. 
 
I'll say there's no disconnect in terms of we saying ammonia has been tied up. We have a contract 
in place or we know from where the source is in place. Since we have -- we are already in 
importing and selling ammonia for us, some more additional quantity need to buy and supply 
into that plant. So that's not a challenge for us. And that's why that's what gives us the confidence 
we are ready for Gopalpur ammonia supply. 
Parth Kotak: 
That's great to hear, sir. So going by your guidance, I'm assuming there is no Strait of Hormuz 
risk for procurement of ammonia. And just to add to that, do we have like a long-term contract 
for ammonia as well? Or it's just like being traded on spot? 
Subhash Anand: 
At this point of time, long-term contract, no, I call it, but we have a contract with not one, but a 
number of suppliers and that supply is continuous supply. It's not we buy one-off. So every 
month, we continue to buy. So that contract holds good. But yes, once we reach near to the 
formal, if we need -- if we feel there's a need for long-term contract, we are ready and that can 
be done. So there is no show stopper for that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ritesh Bhagwati with Alpha Plus Capital. 
Ritesh Bhagwati: 
So my first question was on the Chardham Chemicals that we have acquired. So like we have 
paid around INR120-odd crores for 100% stake. Now can management just walk me through in 
terms of the valuation breakup, like what are we paying for it exactly? Is it the licenses, the 
assets, technology, order book? And also, if you can give some guidance as to when this 
particular stake will get operational and what sort of revenue and EBITDA we can see over the 
next 1 or 2 years? 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Tarun Sinha: 
Thank you. A lot of questions in a single question. So Tarun Sinha: again here. In terms of the 
valuation, without getting into the numbers and the breakup, you're right in terms of the overall 
number. But what it is made up of is it's the value of the land. It is the value of the licenses. It is 
the value of some plants and equipment. It is the value of the location of the facility, which is 
the proximity to the market. 
 
And last but not the least, it's the get-to-market speed through this acquisition compared to if we 
were to put up a greenfield site. So all these factors have been taken into consideration for the 
valuation, and that's the number you talked about. So that's the answer to the first part of your 
question. 
 
In terms of how are we going to set it up, our plan is to bring this facility to Deepak standards. 
So there will be a project team, which is going to be formed very soon, and they will work on 
the upgradation of the facility. Also, we will add a number of new plants to this facility to 
capitalize on the license capacity that we have invested in. And then once we are ready with all 
of this, there will be a point in time. We will update all of you when we are ready to roll the 
products out in the market. 
 
And again, these products will go out in the market, not as products, not as commodities, but 
they will go in the form of holistic solutions, which is what I was talking earlier. These products 
will be supplied in a way and provided to the mines and infrastructure segments in a way that 
the products and associated solutions are able to improve the cost of rock and mineral extraction 
of the end consumers. That's the business model, and that's what this investment is aimed to 
achieve for us. 
Ritesh Bhagwati: 
Okay. That's a great understanding that you have given. Lastly, on the CCDs that we have issued 
for DMSL, like that INR800 crores. Now I just want to understand like who holds these CCDs, 
like, is it some third party or is it some promoter or related entity? And also, I just want to 
understand as to what is the conversion price, the ratios and what sort of trigger terms that we 
have finalized for that? Because what I want to understand is what is our stake eventually if such 
conversion happens? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, the CCD was issued last year in quarter 1 actually. And that CCD was issued as a mix of 
third party as well as a promoter entity participated in that. The split was INR500 crores was 
issued and subscribed by third party and INR300 crores by promoter entity. Since they are CCD, 
so it has a fixed conversion ratio. No, it has a fixed conversion ratio. The number of shares are 
fixed at this point of time because this is how the CCD can be structured. And issuance is post 
roughly around 30 months when the conversion date is due. So it's just 12 months so far. So we 
still have time before the issuance gets converted. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Adarsh Jain, an individual investor. 
Adarsh Jain: 
My question is related to both the projects which are coming up now in Q2. Earlier, this was 
scheduled to be commenced from -- I mean, Q4 '26, but then it got delayed by 1 quarter and now 
it is again delayed by one more quarter. So do we see, I mean, further delays in implementing -
- I mean, starting both the projects further? 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Subhash Anand: 
Currently, if you ask, are we expecting any further delay? No, definitely no. Even this quarter 
delay, which got delayed from Q4 to now -- or from Q1 to Q2 was not led by any major factor. 
It was more led by nonavailability of skilled workforce because of various factors which came 
and got impacted or got affected. We could not see a progress which ideally should have 
happened. And that's what has pushed us. There's nothing else otherwise, which is there, which 
we see this project can be delayed or can push this further. No other reasons are visible at this 
point of time. 
Adarsh Jain: 
Okay. And what was the last year -- last financial year revenue for Chardham Chemicals, which 
we have acquired. Before that, I could see there was no revenue for -- before that -- I mean, for 
3 years, there were no revenues coming from the operations. So for last year, was there any 
revenue from Chardham? 
Subhash Anand: 
No, there were no revenue. As Tarun spoke, we are actually going to revamp this facility and 
bring it up to Deepak standard and then revenue will flow from here. 
Adarsh Jain: 
Okay. And do we see significant amount of allocation again for ramping up the capacity? 
Subhash Anand: 
In terms of capex, you are asking? 
Adarsh Jain: 
Yes, yes. In understand this. 
Subhash Anand: 
No large capex expected for ramping up this facility or bringing it up to our standard. No major. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Meet Vora with Emkay Global. 
Meet Vora: 
I had a couple of them. First was on PCL. So what would be our current gas cost, including 
contractual and spot from the existing mix? And also, how will this change with the Equinor 
contract? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. We don't share a very precise gas cost and pooled gas price. But definitely, Equinor will 
give us 2 things very clearly. One, supply security or supply surety, which definitely was a 
challenge in the current environment. Second, it will give a cost optimization or cost benefit 
because of long-term contract and the way current gas prices are, the benefit is definitely there. 
And even the long-term rate averages as we see, we do see the benefit continue to flow from 
here. How much it is? Yes, that's an information still not available for public or in the public 
domain. We'll come back once we feel this is the right time for us to share. 
Meet Vora: 
Sure, sir. So basically, what I was trying to understand, based on the current gas cost, even if we 
take Henry Hub or linked contracts, which is available in the country in public domain, our 
ammonia breakeven or anyone who is manufacturing ammonia in the country breakeven should 
come to around $550, $600, whereas the current ammonia price is between $900 to $1,000 or 
maybe slightly more than that in domestic market. So is it fair to assume that the spreads of 
converting gas to ammonia currently would be around $450, $500. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Without specifying on numbers, but assumption is right. The ammonia price currently is 
trading at much elevated level. In fact, the last published number itself was almost around $800 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Middle East FOB. So that's the prices at which ammonia already trading. And with gas prices of 
Henry Hub broadly, yes, we do see a significant spread in the current market environment, which 
ammonia will have. 
Meet Vora: 
Correct. So till the time these prices sustain, it should be fair to assume because we would be 
manufacturing somewhere around 125,000 tons kind of ammonia per quarter. So till the time 
these prices remain elevated, we can make roughly around INR450 crores, INR500 crores of 
EBITDA per quarter. What would be the current assumption? 
Subhash Anand: 
I will not go with the number. But yes, our margin in ammonia business will be significantly 
better than what we used to discuss or what we used to talk about. 
Meet Vora: 
Correct, sir, because there were a lot of questions around the investment done in the ammonia 
plant. And I think this is the current situation where the ammonia investment is justified. So 
based on current spreads, we can recover more than 30%, 40% of our ammonia investment in 
this year itself. 
Subhash Anand: 
You are right, and this is the basis -- when we put in a business case for ammonia, we knew 
ammonia is a volatile commodity. And there will be a time when ammonia, having a 
manufacturing facility will give a much higher spread. And there will be time when we'll squeeze 
on margin in terms of ammonia. So these are the business cycle and business cycle will play 
both on positive, negative. This point of time, we are in a, I'd say, up cycle and definitely right 
time for ammonia business to turn around and to make money. 
Meet Vora: 
Correct, sir. Then I think just if you have any estimate of your debt number because I think the 
ammonia plant will help us repay significant debt, which is there on the balance sheet. So any 
estimate around FY '27 and what we look at the debt number? 
Subhash Anand: 
Not yet, I won't give a debt number at this point of time because we do have 2 capex going on. 
So we may need to balance it out and see where the debt number will be for this year. 
Meet Vora: 
Okay. Okay. And second question was with regards to the TAN supply from Russia. Actually, 
we have seen disruptions in the last couple of months because of the war prevailing over there. 
And we have seen actually blasts in a few plants, which used to manufacture ammonia and 
ammonium nitrate. And this has also led to a sharp increase in TAN prices. So just wanted your 
broad thoughts, how do you view the situation in the current context? And what is your 
expectation? Do you expect this to normalize in, say, 1, 2 quarters or it may take a longer period 
of time for the supplies to resume from Russia? 
Tarun Sinha: 
Thanks for the question. Tarun Sinha: again answering this question. So you're right, there was 
a temporary ban imposed by the government of India on export of ammonium nitrate and 
fertilisers for some time. 
Subhash Anand: 
And also Export ban by Russia. 
Tarun Sinha: 
And also Export ban by Russia. And then that ban -- so that caused a little bit of slowness in 
terms of product availability from Russia. Also, as you rightly said, one or a couple of their 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
plants were impacted because of some safety security reasons. So that also caused a little bit of 
disruption, I would say, in the supply chain from there. The ban has been removed earlier this 
month by government of Russia. So some supplies are expected to resume from Russia, although 
the cost levels and price levels will be different. 
 
Having said that, as capacities are getting created in India through the fresh investments, one of 
them being Deepak's in Gopalpur, there is a very strong, I would say, very strong case that 
Government of India might be thinking that once India becomes completely self-reliant for its 
ammonium nitrate needs, then maybe a different approach to imports will be looked at. So that's 
the latest I can share with you. But of course, things will evolve as we go along. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nishita Shanklesha with Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
I just wanted to understand with the capex that we are doing and now our ammonia backward 
integration turning around, what is the growth that we see in FY '27? And if our margins will be 
in the similar range that we did in FY '26 or there's a possibility for them to get better? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. I'll not give specific numbers on margin. But in the current environment of global supply 
tightness and also with Equinor gas availability or gas surety and the cost advantage which we 
have, we do expect improvement both on growth as well as on, I call it, on our margin front. 
Growth will be led both value-driven as well as volume driven. 
 
When I say value driven because in the current environment, price has gone up or realization 
has gone up. So that will get reflected on revenue growth. Volume growth will come more with 
the new capacity when it gets added, both Gopalpur and nitric acid. So that will give us a large 
volume growth coming in this year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Rohit from Sunidhi Securities. We move to the next 
participant. That would be Yash from Asit Koticha Family Office. 
Yash: 
Sir, my question is on the TAN business. What could be our utilization level for FY '27 and '28 
for the Gopalpur facility? And along with that, there are some news that as Coal India is our 
largest client, Coal India is also working on this TAN capex. So what's your thought on it? 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Now on Gopalpur utilization level, I already spoke about this year ramp-up will be there, 
and we expect by end of this year, we should be -- we should be in the range of 90% to 95% on 
a TPD basis. So the utilization level will reach to its optimum level. And next year, we should 
see a full capacity utilization or almost similar capacity utilization from exit level. So that's how 
the number or the expectation what we have. Coal India, Tarun, you would like to. 
Tarun Sinha: 
Sure. So regarding the question about Coal India's ammonium nitrate plant, it's all in the public 
domain. So I don't think I need to elaborate too much on that. One can just read it. But since you 
have asked, so Indian coal is very rich in ash content. And there is no coal gasification 
technology available currently in India to produce syngas through gasification of this high ash 
content, Indian coal. 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
 
That technology is currently being developed by Coal India through some joint ventures, through 
some alliances. We do not know at this stage. We are not privy to that information, how far is 
the progress and how long it might take to develop that technology. And then, of course, as 
things progress, there will be more clarity, which will emerge and it will come in the public 
domain. So I mean, these questions are better asked in Coal India's conference calls rather than 
in Deepak's calls. 
Yash: 
Okay, sir. Second question on the Specialty Chemicals business. What's your outlook on the 
Specialty Chemicals segment over the medium term, particularly in the context of the current 
pricing and the environment demand? What factor could be like critical for us for the margin to 
recover towards the historical level? 
Subhash Anand: 
You're talking about fertiliser business, right? 
Yash: 
Yes, sir. 
Subhash Anand: 
Okay. Now we are committed, and that's what we continue to say. Our business focus is very 
clearly grow our specialty business in fertilisers. And we continue to work in terms of different 
-- I said, on different dimensions when it comes to specialty business. One, keep looking and 
introducing new product on specialty side, and that's the R&D divisions what we have in the 
company, works to develop those products, also keep looking in-sourcing those products from 
our JV partners. So that's the strategy. 
 
Second, we are also looking on key market or key focus market where we know these products 
can help us to grow faster where the farmer adoptions will be very fast. And that's a focus. Very 
clearly, the way we look both working with R&D to improve product portfolio and also getting 
deeper into geographies will give us significant very high growth compared to the overall 
fertilisers. 
 
The pie of Specialty will keep going up compared to the overall revenue share. And definitely, 
you would have seen the margin profile of Specialty business and subsidized business is 
different. So more share coming from specialty will help us to do a margin upliftment. And that's 
the strategy on which we are working, and we'll continue to work on that. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we would take that as the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for their closing remarks. 
Subhash Anand: 
Thanks, everyone, for taking out time and extending your support to Deepak. I wish all of you 
best of health and good time. Look forward to connecting with you again in between the calls or 
during the next conference call. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Capital Services, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

 
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited 
 
 
May 29, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Subhash Anand 
President and CFO 
subhash.anand@dfpcl.com 
+91 20 6645 8797 
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability 
 
Reg. and Corp. Office: Sai Hira, Survey No.: 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036, India 
Web: www.dfpcl.com 
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360 
 
