 
 
 
N 
 
 
 
15th June, 2026 
 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001 
The Manager 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No-C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: IFBIND | BSE Scrip Code: 505726 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the Quarter and Financial Year ended 31st 
March, 2026 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated 10th June, 2026 regarding the audio recording of the 
investor’s earnings call for the Quarter and Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026, please find enclosed 
herewith the call transcript. The call transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e.,  
https://www.ifbindustries.com/financial.php.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Ritesh Agarwal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
RITESH 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
RITESH AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.06.15 
10:40:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“IFB Industries Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 10, 2026 
 
 
 
 
                 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDEEP JOSEPH ABRAHAM – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, HOME 
APPLIANCES DIVISION 
 
MR. SOUMITRA GOSWAMI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. C.S. GOVINDARAJ – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
MANUFACTURING, HOME APPLIANCES DIVISION  
 
MR. JAYANTA CHANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
ENGINEERING BUSINESS 
 
MR. SHANTANU CHAKRABORTY – PLANT HEAD, 
ENGINEERING BUSINESS 
 
MR. KARTIK MUCHANDI – HEAD, FINANCE AND 
ACCOUNTS, HOME APPLIANCES DIVISION  
 
MR. RANJAN MOHAN MATHUR – NATIONAL SALES 
HEAD, HOME APPLIANCES  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RABINDRANATH NAYAK – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the IFB Industries Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rabindranath Nayak from Nirmal Bang Equities Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rabindranath Nayak: 
Thank you, Steve. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, I welcome you all to the Q4 
FY26 earnings call of IFB Industries Limited. I thank the management team for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. From the management side, we have with us Mr. Sandeep Joseph 
Abraham, Managing Director and CEO, Home Appliances Division; Mr. C.S. Govindaraj, 
Executive Director, Manufacturing, Home Appliances Division; Mr. Soumitra Goswami, Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Jayanta Chanda, CFO, Engineering Business; Mr. Shantanu Chakraborty, 
Plant Head, Engineering Business; Mr. Kartik Muchandi, Head, Finance and Accounts; Home 
Appliances Division; Mr. Ranjan Mohan Mathur, National Sales Head, Home Appliances 
Division. 
 
So without taking much time, I'd now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks. Following the management commentary, we will open the floor for a question-and-
answer session. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Good afternoon, everybody. I am Soumitra Goswami. I welcome you all for IFB Industries Limited 
Investor Call for fourth quarter of FY 2025-'26. Firstly, I will inform you about the quarter 4 results. 
Revenue for the quarter was INR 1,456 crores against last year's INR 1,312 crores, which is a 
growth of 11.03%. 
 
PBDIT for the period was INR 80.7 crores and its percentage to revenue is 5.5% as compared to 
last year's INR 69.4 crores, which was 5.3% on revenue. There is an increase in PBDIT amount by 
INR 11.3 crores, which is a growth over last year by 16.3%. Fixed expenses for the quarter were 
well behind budget. 
 
PBT before exceptional items for the period was INR 46.05 crores, which is 3.2% on revenue 
against last year's figure of INR 29.3 crores, which is 2.2% on revenue. In this quarter, an 
incremental liability of INR 0.58 crores has been recognized as an exceptional item, which is in 
line with Labor Code notified by the Government of India on 21st of November 2025. 
 
This charge has reduced PBT amount to reach INR 45.47 crores, which is 3.1% on revenue as 
compared to last year INR 29.3 crores, which was 2.2% on revenue. Quarter 4 PAT was INR 33.72 
crores, which is 2.3% on revenue against last year's INR 22.29 crores, which is 1.7% on revenue. 
 
Now YTD March 2026 figures are like this. Revenue for the period was INR 5,476 crores against 
last year's INR4,977 crores, which is a growth of 10%. PBDIT for the period was INR 334 crores, 
with percentage to revenue was 6.1% as compared to last year INR 325 crores, which was 6.5% 
on revenue. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Fixed expenditure for the quarter were well within budget. However, some of the expenditure items 
have increased over last year. PBT before exceptional items for the period was INR 193.57 crores, 
which is 3.5% on revenue against last year figure of INR 171.26 crores, which was 3.4% on 
revenue. 
 
In YTD period, an incremental liability of INR 13.96 crores has been recognized as an exceptional 
item. This is in line with the Labor Code notified by the Government of India on 21st November 
2025. PBT after exceptional items for the period was INR 179.61 crores, which is 3.3% on revenue 
against last year’s figure of INR 171.26 crores, which was 3.4% on revenue. PAT for the year was 
INR 133.34 crores, which is 2.4% on revenue against last year INR 128.79 crores, which was 2.6% 
on revenue. 
 
Before we start the question-and-answer session, I would like to introduce Mr. Sandeep Joseph 
Abraham, MD and CEO of our Home Appliance division, who has recently joined on 8th of April 
in our company. He will be answering the questions today, which are pertaining to home appliance 
division. Our Chairman, Mr. Bikramjit Nag is unwell and will not be joining the call today. 
 
With this, I will request to start the question-and-answer session, please 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. First question comes from the line of Lakshminarayanan K G from Tunga Advisors. 
The current participant has been disconnected. We'll move on to the next question is from the line 
of Naitik with NV Alpha Fund. Please go ahead.  
Naitik: 
Sir, my first question is if you could give us a breakup of the sales that we have done in the quarter 
from AC, from front load, from top load? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Mr. Mathur, can you please take this question? 
Ranjan Mohan Mathur: 
Yes. So basically, you wanted to know what is the percentage of sales to the total...? 
Naitik: 
Yes. 
Ranjan Mohan Mathur: 
So we don't give the numbers, but we will just tell you that in front loader, we had a good double-
digit growth in this quarter. And top loader has been good for us, and we have been able to improve 
our market share, again, a very good double-digit growth. 
 
In microwaves, also, the growth was in double digit in quarter 4 and a very good growth over last 
year. Then if I further move on to ACs, ACs, growth was muted. The growth in quarter 4, we were 
able to recover something which we lost in first quarter FY26 because of the early monsoons, 
etcetera, also the AC industry showed a major dip. We were able to recover in quarter 4 a bit, but 
the growth was not very good. That's how it is. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: I think the other thing that we have done is that we have actually relooked at our product portfolio. 
And there's considerable amount of simplification of our product portfolio that has been done. We 
have reduced our number of models that are there in each one of the categories. That has been a 
very conscious effort from our side to simplify the entire process. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
 
And as a result of which what we are finding is that our revenue growth is significantly higher than 
our volume growth in most of the segments. So that's a conscious call that we are doing. We did a 
portion of it in Q4 FY26, and we are continuing it in Q1 FY27, and that is going to be an ongoing 
process. The idea is to simplify our product portfolio and sort of make it easy for everyone, 
including dealers who are dealing with our products. 
Naitik: 
Right. So, this simplification should basically lead to - where should it be seen in terms of numbers, 
whether the inventory would reduce or we would see increased revenue contribution or growth or 
we'll see cost savings? How can we sort of see this flowing into numbers? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So there are multiple things that would happen. One is because the portfolio is simplified, 
therefore, it should definitely help us in our numbers because from a dealer point of view, from a 
stocking point of view, from a forecasting point of view, the chances of models going out of stock 
and all become that much better. So simplification of the product portfolio will definitely help us 
as far as sales is concerned.  
It will also mean that the portfolio being simple, the kind of focus that would be provided by 
everyone in the sales system right up to the person who is at the outlet would also increase because 
you've got lesser number of products to detail. And therefore, it becomes that much more easier.  
From other point of view, simplification would also mean manufacturing should get the benefit 
out of it because lesser number of SKUs to be made. As a result of it, the changeover time and all 
those things get impacted. So it will help us in all ways.  
What we also, therefore, are able to do is that we are able to push this entire thing of 
premiumization because now the number of SKUs are lesser. And therefore, at various levels in 
our sales system, we are able to ensure that the necessary incentives are provided to ensure 
premiumization is also happening. 
So in my opinion, rationalization of products would have impact on everything. It would have an 
impact on sales. It would have an impact on factory production, RM, everything. 
Naitik: 
Okay, got it. And sir, one clarification I needed. So, if I look at your presentation on Slide 13, what 
we have mentioned is that front load unit sales of - number of front load units has increased from 
1.46 lakh to 2 lakhs. Now I wanted to know if this is our sales or - because if I just back calculate 
50,000 units addition Q-o-Q, that would give me - at 40,000 also realization, that could give me 
roughly INR 200 crores of delta Q-o-Q in terms of revenue, while our revenue in home appliances 
has increased only by INR 50 crores or INR 60 crores. So is the math correct first? Is the 
understanding correct? If not, then what exactly is this number? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So the volume growth in FL is 7 percentage for the entire year. It's 20% for the quarter. And the 
revenue growth in front load is 11 percentage for the full year. 
Kartik Muchandi: 
Yes, Kartik here. I'll just clarify. The numbers what we have given is the industry number for 12 
kg and above. So it is not our number. 
Naitik: 
Got it. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: 12 kg actually is a new emerging segment that is there. And today, it contributes to almost 13 
percentage of the overall - if you look at '25-'26, it is about 13 percentage of the overall market, 12 
kg and above. So that's the new segment that has come up. It's really come up in the last couple of 
years. 
Naitik: 
Got it. And the 11% you mentioned is Y-o-Y growth in our front loaders, just confirming... 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: For the quarter, we have grown by 21% and Y-o-Y, it is around 7%, 8%. 
Naitik: 
Sir, my next question is we have spent, give or take, close to INR 500 crores in terms of capex in 
the last 6 years. And the last 2 years, especially have been INR 100 crores of capex per year. So 
just wanted to understand broadly what categories have we spent this INR 500 crores in the last 5, 
6 years? And what is the sort of revenue that this capex can give us? 
C.S. Govindaraj: 
Yes. This is Govindaraj here. In home appliances, whatever investment we have done, about 50% 
of the investment, is on the new platforms, like what Mr. Abraham was telling on the higher-
capacity machine. So we are putting investment into 13 kg and 14 kg segments in front loader. 
And the second thing is we are putting some - about INR 20 crores to INR 30 crores on the 
expansion - capacity expansion of front loader, top loader and air conditioner line. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So, your question on that segment of 12 kg, we currently don't operate in the 12 kg. And as Mr. 
Govindaraj said that we'll be launching a 13 kg and a 14 kg in the front loader in this year. 
Naitik: 
And how much have we spent in home appliances in the last 5 years in terms of capex out of these 
INR 500 crores roughly? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Soumitra here, I am telling you the figure for current year. Current year total company-wide 
number is INR 89 crores, okay, INR 88.6 to be precise. Out of that, home appliance division is - 
I'm telling you home appliance division is around INR 43 crores. Home appliance division alone 
is INR 43 crores, total is INR 89 crores. 
Naitik: 
And the rest would be the automotive division? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Engineering division, the motor division, all these segments are there. Also home appliances and 
branches there, Kolkata Engineering, Bangalore Engineering and also Steel division. 
Naitik: 
And sir, my last question is, if not for the volatile ForEx movement where we lost almost INR 50 
crores- INR 55 crores in the adverse movement, our margins - safe to assume that our margins 
would have been higher by that INR 50 crore - INR 53 crores that we lost due to Forex? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. Sandeep here. Now basically, if you look at the full year, the impact on commodity as well 
as forex was INR 32 crores and INR 52 crores totaling to  INR 84 crores. But INR 67 crores of 
that, we were able to make up because of our cost optimization program that we are currently 
running. There were a lot of other initiatives like increase in prices and things like that. 
So, a large portion of the commodity and Forex, we were able to make up because of the other 
activities that we have done. If we had not started that program on cost optimization, then I think 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
we would have got very badly impacted because the P&L would have been hit by about INR 84 
crores because of commodity and ForEx. 
Naitik: 
So, we have taken the entire impact - now we have mitigated the entire INR 84 crores impact. So, 
if things stay as is, that INR 84 crores should come back to profitability, right, in the next year, if 
the commodity prices don't increase and the ForEx also does not increase as much? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So there are 2 things that are there. One is, ideally, we would have liked to pass on everything 
to the customer. But today, that's not possible because of competitive and our relative position in 
the market. Therefore, we are looking at opportunities to increase our prices wherever it is possible. 
We did something in Q4 and Q1 of this year, we have already taken price increases in almost all 
our categories. So some amount of that, we would have to make up with price increases. And our 
cost optimization programs would continue. For example, we have already seen about - if you look 
at April, May, we have got about INR 29 crores, which has come because of the cost optimization. 
So, INR 67 crores for the full year of last year. And in April and May, we have already got about 
INR 29 crores. There are new ideas that are coming in. And we would like to believe that in the 
next 10 months, another INR 120 crores would come in, in the form of CI thing. 
So that should help us in a combination of cost optimization ideas, any opportunity of a price 
increase, all that should help us to sort of take care of any further impact because of commodity 
and forex. And if commodity and forex do not get better, then it should start flowing into the P&L 
because the CI program that are there has been - in many cases, it's been horizontally deployed. So 
the benefits continue. And therefore, a softening of commodity and ForEx would have a positive 
impact on the P&L. 
Naitik: 
Got it. So, this year, total, we are expecting INR 150 crores cost initiative impact to... 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, that's what we are expecting. INR 29 crores have already been realized into the P&L. And we 
would like to believe that in the next 10 months, another INR 120 crores would come in. It also 
depends on the season because the CI programs are different for different categories. And 
therefore, it's got that seasonal impact because today, if you see the AC season is more or less over. 
It will come up only in Q4. 
 
So, there are those seasonality's that are there. We would expect another INR 120 crores to come 
in because of CI. How much of that will come into the P&L will depend on how forex and 
commodity actually move in the months to go. 
Naitik: 
And just last question. So, in terms of AC and other OEM sales completely dropped because in the 
base quarter, Q4 '25, it was almost INR 100 crores. So has that completely dropped off? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: It has not completely dropped off. There are a few OEMs that we are supplying, but it's not 
completely dropped out. But a couple of OEMs, I wouldn't want to name them, but who used to 
pick large volumes from us have stopped, and presuming that they're getting better options from 
somewhere else. But it's not completely stopped. This year also, we are doing. But some of the big 
OEMs, which used to pick up big volumes from us earlier are more or less stopped. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Kartik Muchandi: 
Yes. Kartik here, I'll just add one point. During last year, there was a 5% degrowth in OEM, not a 
substantial degrowth. 
Naitik: 
Last year as in FY26, you're saying? 
Kartik Muchandi: 
Yes. 
Naitik: 
4Q FY26. Got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vinod Krishna with Avendus Wealth. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, can you share with us market shares in top load and front load and what stage we are in filling 
this product gap? Because if you see from the last - especially last 3 years, we have been 
continuously talking in our presentation because that's our primary product, continuously filling 
the gaps in products. So how far is that journey come? And what are our market shares in both 
front loader and top loader, sir, if you can share, please? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So, our front loader is about 23 percentage is what our front loader market share is. And as I said 
in the earlier thing, this is despite not operating in the 12 kg category, which has been - which is 
now 12% of the total market segment. If you were to remove that 12 kg, we are at about 25.5% to 
26%. That would not be right because at the end of the day, 12 kg is part of the market. 
 
And therefore, if you look at it, we are at about 23 percentage. However, we would be plugging 
the gap this year by launching suitable products in the 13 kg and 14 kg, which would also then 
give us a play in the 13 kg, 14 kg. So, we are at about 23 percentage overall. And if you look at 
our addressable without taking 12 kg, we'll be at about 25.5% to 26%. 
 
Top loader, we are currently 9 %. We are growing in top loader. Our market shares have gone up. 
And if you actually look at our volume growth, we have actually grown by about - full year, we 
have grown by about 19 percentage in top loader. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, these product gaps, are we at the end of this? Or how should we understand? Because 
continuously, we are seeing every presentation, especially in the washer segment, like we are 
plugging in this. We are into this kg, that premium offering and all. So - and can you name like if 
you are 25%, how many other people - is it like another 2, 3 people occupying 22%? Or is there 
any big guy? Because I - sorry to ask because is there any other big competitor like who is much 
larger? Or it is like all other people are around 15, 20s only? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: No, there are people at different categories. I wouldn't want to name it, but there are people who 
are in different categories. We are currently number two in this. But there are people different 
categories. There are one or - perhaps two or three who are major players, the others aren't huge 
players. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Product change is a continuous process. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: It is a continuous process because as you would see, the 12 kg as a segment was not there. And 
today, it is contributing to about 12 to 13 percentage of the entire volumes of the market. And 
therefore, there definitely seems to be a customer movement towards larger capacity. Is it 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
commercial laundry or is it because of dual income household, we are seeing a movement towards 
larger capacity. And answering your question, there is … (line gets disconnected) 
Moderator: 
Sir, he got disconnected. I'll just reconnect him. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Sorry, I got disconnected, Sandeep again. Just continuing from there, I'm saying that it is going to 
be a continuous process, not just on the kg. We might - as I said, we are now 13 kg, 14 kg. We 
may need larger capacity washing machines. 
 
And also, there could be newer features that are coming in because people are looking at new 
features that are coming in, that's also an option. So, it will be a feature improvement as well as 
perhaps looking at different categories of - and higher capacity of washing machines. 
Vinod Krishna: 
And just a follow-up question. So, you spoke about INR 120 crores or INR 150 crores of - but just 
in my understanding, there's a limit to the cost reductions that we can do in the long run because 
ultimately, it will start affecting the product quality and the brand. So and Bikram sir has been 
always telling us about we should minimum grow by 20% and we have the gaps in distribution, 
sales channel and the product total having ACs, refrigerators being present across. 
 
So how far are we in this journey that we can start kicking in this 20% growth in home appliances 
because you have done the capex in ACs and refrigeration? Now like how should we think because 
this last 2, 3 years, if you remember, sir, has already always been saying that we should minimum 
grow at 20% even if you fix this distribution and product gaps? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So if you look at last year, we grew by 10.5 percentage. And what was pointed out is right. 
There's only limited that you can do as far as CI is concerned. That's also a continuous process. 
We'll have to keep finding out newer things. But the brand that we are cost optimization cannot be 
at the cost of features and by reducing the quality of the brand because that would kill IFB as a 
brand per se. 
 
So we cannot do cost optimization at the cost of the current price positioning and our brand 
presence is concerned. So we can't be doing that. However, there are definitely process 
improvements that are there. So that is one way by which we would do it. Answering your question 
on distribution, yes, if you actually look at it, we have identified based our data, we have identified 
around 10,000 outlets, which we believe are contributing to about 80 percentage of the volumes. 
 
And we said that we need to concentrate on those counters - and all our efforts are to ensure that 
we get placement and extraction from these outlets, and that is what it is. And therefore, some of 
it has started kicking in and the first 2 months of the year are looking really good, and it's 
somewhere close to the number that you're talking about. 
Vinod Krishna: 
So sir, and our market share in ACs and how are you looking at ACs and refrigerators going 
forward and at what growth rates and what like product positioning? And how are you seeing your 
success? Or what is your learning in these two newer segments that we have entered? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham:  Yes. So, obviously, we are... 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Just a second. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So it is much more fragmented than in the case of a washer. We are currently at about 3, 3.5 
percentage is what our market shares are. And that's something that we have to grow significantly. 
And our aspiration is to get into double digits as far as the market shares are concerned. 
Vinod Krishna: 
By when, sir, by when in double digits, if you can - is there any time line? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So our aspiration is this year itself, but that's going to be a tough ask. But yes, we are working 
towards that. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, just for my understanding, how do you - when you have 7 to 8 players, how do we think about 
getting - like just help me understand how we can IFB go ahead and become a 7%, 8% or 10%, 
like what are the factors that gives us the confidence that we have the right to go and gain that 
market share, if not this year, next year or in the near future, okay? 
 
I'm not saying timing is the thing, but what are the factors that are giving us that confidence that 
we can definitely go there and have a portion of 7% to 10% or 8% to 10% in the long run? Like 
how to think about it? Like what is giving you that - what are the assumptions that you are making? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So basically, the most important and the biggest factor is IFB as a brand in the categories that 
we have operated in and in categories where we are entrenched, we have significant market shares 
and more importantly, our products are doing the talking. 
 
And therefore, IFB as a brand has got a standing in the market as far as quality of our products are 
concerned, quality of our service is concerned. So that umbrella effect of IFB as a brand is 
definitely our biggest asset. 
 
Point number two is that because we are very strong in some of the - in many of the categories that 
we are operating in, we already have our relationship with outlets. We have people out there. And 
therefore, it's now a question of ensuring that all the tie-ups are done and the placement is done 
and the extraction happens. 
 
But answering your question, IFB umbrella brand acceptance in the market as a product which 
delivers is definitely our biggest strength. And if we have done it for washing machine and we 
have done it for microwave, we have done it for dishwasher and all the things for all these places 
that we are operating, we have done it. And therefore, we believe a customer would say that IFB 
AC is a great investment to make. 
Vinod Krishna: 
So we are confident of growing north of 20% from this year, sir, in home appliances? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: It is what we are aspiring, yes. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, on engineering division, can you give a 3-year outlook on the growth, sir? Now we are around 
INR 1,000 crores. What is our engineering division outlook because you're doing a lot of capex 
there? So what is the sales growth outlook there or a 3 year, if you can share with us? Because 
Bikram sir was saying that we should do - we see higher growth now in engineering and a lot of 
opportunities. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Jayanta, can you take this question, please? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Yes, Jayanta, here - Jayanta Chanda, I will take this question. So if you look at the revenue trend 
of engineering division over the last 5 years, it has revenue growth of CAGR is about 13%. Over 
the next 2 to 3 years, the - what we have planned is a 20% to 25% growth on the existing business. 
 
We are also in the process of adding new revenue streams to our business, for example, EV battery 
parts, motorcycle chains, manufacturing and brake disc, which has become compulsory under the 
new legislation. So we are getting into these businesses also. So with these 2 combined, we have 
a business forecast of 20% to 25% growth over the next 2 to 3 years. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Even without the new verticals, you will be able to grow 20%, 25%? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Sorry, come again, please? 
Vinod Krishna: 
Even without the new verticals, you are talking about this... 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Yes. On the existing business, we will grow by 20%. And because we have recently added some 
capacity to both our plants in the last 1 or 2 years, and we are in the process of adding some more 
during this year. So our schedules are good. We are a B2B business. So our schedules look good. 
And we are confident of hitting this. 
Vinod Krishna: 
And any target EBITDA margin, sir, at the end, I'm not saying because in the middle, you may 
have a lot of ramping up costs. But at the end, what would be the target EBITDA margin? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Target EBITDA margin is 17% to 18%. We already do about 15%. So there is a 17% to 18% 
EBITDA margin we are targeting. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Sir, so from here, can we - because I'm a shareholder from last 7 years, can we assume that IFB 
will grow at north of 20% over the next 3, 4 years, sir, becomes that I think we have started that 
journey inflection point. Can we assume that, sir, for investors? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Sure. 
Vinod Krishna: 
Thank you, sir. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chirag Gandhi with Astralit Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Yes. So I have a question on your home appliances division. While we understand in second half 
of last year, we had a negative impact of RM cost inflation and forex movement. Do you see at 
least in Q1, any further impact of increase in RM cost? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, Sandeep here. RM cost is increasing further, both commodity and forex, if you look at our 
April to May, is having a negative impact on us. And that negative impact currently has not been 
made up by the cost initiatives that are there. So answering your question, April, May is also 
showing a negative as far as commodity and forex is concerned. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Chirag Gandhi: 
So will you be able to quantify how much of that will have a negative impact on the EBITDA? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: It's - if you look at between commodity and forex, the negative is about INR 49 crores for April, 
May cumulative. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Understood. And of that, how much of that we can be offsetting with the cost measures that we 
have taken? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So cost, we have offsetted about INR 29 crores in April and May. So out of INR 49 crores, INR 
29 crores have already flowed into the P&L. And now we'll have to see how much we can make 
up with the price increases. I don't know whether you - we have already taken some price increases 
in Q1, and we should start seeing the benefit of that in the next few months. 
 
And also, we'll have to constantly look at opportunities depending on the market and our relative 
position in the market, we'll have to continuously look at ways by which we can take it up further. 
Ideally, if we could have passed on the entire commodity and forex to as a price increase, that 
would have been ideal. So with the cost impact, cost initiatives flow into the P&L as a benefit. But 
unfortunately, we are not in a position to pass the entire thing to the customer. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Understood. Within cost measures, can you highlight 2 to 3 key areas where we are able to save 
cost? And for the target that we've given for another INR 120 crores for the next 10 months, what 
are 2 to 3 key areas where we'll be saving the cost? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Mr. Govindaraj, you would want to take this? 
C.S. Govindaraj: 
Yes. We'll not be able to tell the specifics, but it will be basically designed to value and focus on 
cost innovation ideas in electronics. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: And as far as the cost initiatives are concerned, we are also seeing that some of the benefits that 
we would get is on tightening up our cost to serve. That's something that we would look at and 
some benefit coming out of because of better management of our trade schemes is also somewhere 
where we should get some benefit coming into the P&L. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Understood. And in terms of the components that we import, what would be the share in overall 
RM cost? Components, what is the import content? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Import is about 30 percentage is what the import content is. But we also import some units per se. 
So if you take our manufacturing imports is about 30 percentage. But if you take other imports or 
everything, put together, currently, it's about 39 percentage. 
 
The 30 percentage, some of those items are not going to get indigenized. And therefore, the 30 
percentage, we are expecting it to come down to about 25 percentage. And the 39% which is our 
overall import would come down to somewhere around 30% to 32% is what it would come down 
to. So there is some indigenization that is happening. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Understood. Just last couple of questions from my end. One is on the engineering business. In the 
presentation, we have mentioned that we have missed the order wins target that we had for FY26. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
We achieved, I think, around INR 150 crores versus target of INR 250 crores. So any particular 
reason in terms of miss on that target? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Sir, could you repeat the question, please? 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Sure, sure. So my question is on the engineering division. We had set a target of INR 250 crores 
of new order wins for FY26, and we achieved around INR 153 crores, right? So can you explain 
the gap? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Yes. So see, the order maturity in the engineering business takes a long time. When we say the 
order wins, that means the PO has been issued to us and suppliers. But before that, there is a 7 to 
8 months validation time where parts are drawing is approved, parts are approved, the samples are 
given and all that. 
So, while the marketing department is actively working on a large RFQ base, the actual conclusion 
of these orders was INR 153 crores. The pipeline is live, and we are hopeful of closing all these 
orders in - by Q1 or early Q2. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
So any target for FY27? And what is the order pipeline that we have, if you can quantify that? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Mr. Anit Ghosh, are you there? Can you give... 
Anit Ghosh: 
Yes. Anit is here. Actually, this FY27, we are finalizing INR 350 crores addition with - including 
all the previous batches. 
Jayanta Chanda: 
These are new orders that we are chasing. And once all parameters are closed, then we will be 
getting the PO from the OEMs or Tier 1s with whom we are negotiating basically. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Understood. Understood. And the last question is on the BLDC motors. So within BLDC, we were 
facing some challenges in AC motor segment. So any update on that? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
They have resumed the supplies on the washing machine motors in a large scale. The AC is still 
going through some trials because I think there were some - it's not fully resolved yet, but very 
close to solution. That's the information I have from motor division. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Okay. Just a clarification. So this entire AC motor sale is internal, right? We are right now not 
supplying anything to the external OEMs? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Up till now, yes. But there is an active hunt for external customers also. 
Chirag Gandhi: 
Understood, understood. Okay. Thank you so much for answering all my questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor with Kapoor & Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, yes. Namaskar sir and thank you for the opportunity. And - hello, hope I am audible, sir? 
Management: 
Yes, please. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. And welcome, Sandeep, sir, joining the organization. We hope for the organization scaling 
new heights under your leadership. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Thank you. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Sir, firstly, I have a question firstly for the Engineering segment. As the person outlined 
to us that we are expecting a 25% growth in our revenue growth for the current year with the 
EBITDA vertical - with no addition in vertical. So what kind of capacity utilization levels are we 
running the division? And what is our capex that we are augmenting in our existing facility to ramp 
up the volume that we have envisaged? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
So last year, sir, in the Engineering division had got an approval of nearly INR 100 crores of capex 
basically. Now we have been able to implement only INR 63 crores in the - up till March, and it is 
being carried over this year because some of the projects took time to materialize after sanction, 
we initiated that finalization of the chain plant manufacturing site was - took some time to identify. 
So out of those INR 100 crores, we added capacity in our stamping division. There were 3 presses 
added to our stamping division. That has given a revenue excess capacity of about INR 40 crores 
to INR 50 crores in this stamping division. Both the plants in Kolkata and Bangalore have opted 
for a fine blanking press each that will easily give about INR 30 crores to INR 40 crores each to 
the plant. 
So - and some auxiliary machines and furnaces have been added. So all these to balance the line 
and fit the grab. And looking at the schedules and new orders, this year, our target is about 23% of 
what was our last year revenues. So - that's how we are proceeding in the engineering division, sir. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, if you could just explain to me what exactly goes into consolidation when we look at 
our stand-alone numbers and in the consolidation for both the segment of home appliances as well 
as engineering, there is a increase in the top line and also it is positively also impacting the bottom 
line. So if you could first explain the consolidation there. And then when we speak on the growth 
aspect, it could be on the consolidated numbers or what to factor into it? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Soumitra here. I have not understood the question. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, when we look at our revenues on a stand-alone basis, the number is INR 1,447 crores for the 
quarter. When we look at our consolidated number, it is INR 1,498 crores. So, I would like to 
understand what exactly - what goes exactly into the consolidation? And that is the question per 
se. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
We have subsidiaries apart from the stand-alone division, which we have like home appliance 
division, like engineering division, motor division, steel division, we have some subsidiary. One 
subsidiary is situated in Thailand, one subsidiary is situated in Singapore. Their revenue is getting 
added. So, you are seeing that the consolidated revenue is some marginally higher than the stand-
alone revenue number, understood? That is the reason. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Correct, sir. And sir, thirdly, we have also, I think, established a new subsidiary in 
Switzerland. So if you could just explain the merits and how is the organization going to benefit 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
from this? I think to the advanced tooling subsidiary in Switzerland, Schmid Automotive 
Appliances. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Jayanta, can take this question. 
Jayanta Chanda: 
Yes, I will take this question. So tooling is very central to the engineering business, whether it is 
stamping or fine blanking, tooling is the core of the engineering business. Whenever we make 
components, we need to manufacture the tool first, which will produce the components when it is 
put on the press. 
So a good tool produces components in much more efficient way. By efficient way, the strokes 
that the press can deliver can improve. The tool is better. And the secondary processes that a 
component needs to undergo after the blanking reduces if it is produced through good tool. So the 
tooling capability in fine blanking, Switzerland is host to a company called Feintool, which is 
considered to be the father of fine blanking basically. 
And there is a lot of tooling talent available there. So the intention was to set up a company there, 
basically, which will focus on tooling, tool designing and better tool designing, complex tools and 
using transfer technologies and all that. So with that intention, we have set up this company there. 
It's about 5 to 6 months old. And they are already involved in designing and feasibility study. Many 
of the tools that we in our pipeline now and the improvement of our existing tools, they are also 
into external businesses. The brief to them is to, they should not be dependent only on IFB, but 
they will do the independent business also. 
So they have got some orders from a Spanish company. That is the background of the, it has just 
started. I think December, it was incorporated, and it has just started operations. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, it is to be considered as both a technology transfer R&D unit as well as a unit that would be 
contributing to the revenue? That understanding is correct, sir? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
It's an independent company from where we will source tool design. And so by whatever name 
you may call it, but the nature of transaction will be this. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what kind of investment have we envisaged currently for the same? 
Jayanta Chanda: 
See, there will be no heavy equipment out there. It will be a design unit, so the investment required 
will be relatively low. I wouldn't like to immediately give out the figures, but investment is not 
very much because it will be a design company for the time being. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, when we look at the current environment in terms of supply chain issues, in 
terms of the inflationary impact, then the rupee-dollar movement and also the steps that the 
company has taken to reduce the cost reduction on the cost side, logistic costs, how are we looking 
at the current year? 
And also already we are into 2 months, in fact, 2.5 months into the business, how is the working 
environment, especially in terms of our home appliances category? What kind of pulse of the 
market you can share with us? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So from a revenue point of view, the first 2 months have been very good. As I said, we've 
always been talking about 20% growth and all. We are on track as far as the revenue side is 
concerned. However, we, on the BOM, there is this issue. As I said, that our cost optimization has 
not been able to recover the negative impact of commodity and Forex. 
So that's not been recovered. But overall, when you look at it, we are quite bullish on our revenue 
should really start kicking in. We should get a lot of cost optimization one, but we are looking at 
various other ways by which we sort of tighten our operations, stop all leakages, if at all there are 
any. 
So we are very constantly looking at it, whether it be schemes, whether it be anything, productivity 
of our manpower. So all those things are being done. If over a period of time, if the other elements 
of commodity and Forex sort of ease out, then a lot of the activities that we are doing will remain. 
And if commodity and Forex eases out, then we'll get the benefits of that. So from a market and 
from a sales revenue point of view, we are quite bullish. And we are only hopeful that some of the 
negative impacts, if you can cool off, then our P&L will be much stronger than what it is now. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, sir, so just to conclude that it is, the buoyancy in the market is there. But on the margin 
front, we are not able to fully recover the cost inflation. So we will be able to be there in the same 
margin, which we have posted, but incremental margins are not possible because of the pass-on in 
impact. That understanding is correct, sir? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. Buoyancy, for us, the buoyancy is there because we are seeing increase in market shares. So 
not necessarily because penetration of white goods is increasing. Yes, there could be some element 
because of that. But we are definitely seeing a buoyancy, which is resulting in market share 
increases, which is good for us. 
But yes, overall, I think what for the negative impacts, there's no reason to believe that '26, '27 will 
be a muted year. There's no reason to believe that at least from a revenue and sales and volume 
growth are concerned. And then some of the new categories that we are getting will give us that 
additional benefits. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And lastly, sir, on the share of profit or associate, I think it is the refrigeration portfolio that is 
contributing and that has positively contributed to the tune of INR 4 crores for the quarter. So how 
is the performance for the IFB refrigeration going ahead? And for the value unlocking part also in 
terms of the refrigeration unit, any road map or if you could outline to us how are we looking at 
that segment? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: The volume growths have been good because, as I said, our shares are low. And therefore, from 
an absolute volume and value growth, both ref and AC, refrigeration and AC, refrigeration has 
been good from both volume and value growth, but it's still not where we would like to be. And 
from a margin point of view, our washer segment is definitely something. So growth in the washer 
segment will definitely have a positive impact on the P&L. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So for the share of profit from the associate is for the refrigeration business only? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That doesn't take into account. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Soumitra here. Yes, yes. Share of loss INR 1.4 crores, I believe. It is from refrigeration business 
only. Yes, INR 1.4 crores. It is from refrigeration business. Correct. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the outlook, sir, for this category? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Refrigeration is a separate business. It's a separate company. We will not be talking on the 
refrigeration business here. If you have any question, whatever refrigerators we are selling from 
IFB Industries, that Mr. Abraham can discuss. But for the refrigeration unit as a whole, it's an 
associate company and, we will not be talking about it here. 
Saket Kapoor: 
No, sir, my point was that for this quarter, it is INR 4 crores of profitability, not INR 1 crores. For 
the quarter ending March. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Share of loss is INR 1.4 crores.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. That is for the entire year you are mentioning. I'm just mentioning the quarter contribution. 
The quarter contribution has gone up to INR 4 crores. So I was just trying to understand the outlook 
on the same. And I think to earlier also, the management has spoken about how they can potentially 
create value from the same segment since it is being hold by 2 of your group companies. So that 
was my entire question, sir. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
You talk to me separately on this, sir. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. All the best to the team sir. And thank you for arranging the call and Sandeep and entire 
team, hope for a further discussion going ahead. Thank you. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Thanks. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Laxmi Narayanan with Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Thank you. Hope I am audible? Am I audible? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, you are. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Yes. My question is to Mr. Abraham. Mr. Abraham, you have spent over a decade ensuring that 
vehicles stay firmly gripped to the Indian roads with MRF. And now you're looking at inside of 
the Indian homes with IFB. You're coming from a company that has aggressive cost control and 
incredibly tight predictive supply management - supply chain management, and has a set of an 
incredibly good, robust exclusive dealer network, right? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
So, from that vantage point and when you evaluate it, I think you would have evaluated the IFB 
by walking around in the last 2 months, what would be your immediate 3 or 4 priorities maybe in 
the next 1 year 2, 3 years, right? Just want to hear your thoughts. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So, I think, as I said, like the company that I came in from, the brand is very, very strong. It 
is well accepted like my previous company, it is well accepted by the customer. And therefore, 
half the battle is won when you don't have an issue of acceptance of the brand and the fact that the 
brand is higher as far as the customers' consideration is concerned. What could definitely improve 
is that a lot of processes have Mr. Nag and the team has already put in place. Some of it, I had 
already started having conversations with him. 
 
So, I'm in the company only for 2 months, but I've been talking to him prior to that also. And a lot 
of those things have been already put in action when it comes to improving our cost to serve, the 
way we manage our dealer network, plugging any leakages that are there when it comes to the way 
we operate our schemes. 
 
So, a lot of those things can be done. The process is already in place. Many of it, the company is 
already done. But I think my expertise over the last 31 years across industries, starting from FMCG 
to the last one that I had, I hope to be able to bring in a lot of that expertise and bring in a much 
tighter management.8 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Any 3 or 4 key priorities you have qualitatively or quantitatively for the near or long term, maybe. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So yes, definitely, when you look at our distribution reach, we have already identified the 
outlets that we would want to be present in. That exercise is already completed. We are keeping 
close to about 10,000, 10,500 outlets, which we believe are the ones who are contributing. And 
therefore, that exercise is over. 
 
Now how do we - I get maximum out of it, whether it be placement as well as extraction from 
there. So that is one key thing that is there. Point number two is this industry depends a lot on the 
person who is in the store, we may call it in-store promoter or whatever. But he has a very active 
role to play. 
 
And therefore, a lot of time and effort is being made, one, to bring more number of our dealers 
under the coverage of these in-store promoters. But then increasing the number alone will not 
work, but how do you bring in tighter controls over productivity. So there's an exercise that we are 
doing, which is measuring productivity of these people. 
 
Point number three is we need to look at the profitability of our products. So, we are currently 
looking at profitability at an SKU level. And as I had mentioned earlier, this has been an eye opener 
and there has been large-scale portfolio rationalization that has been done. For example, in front 
loader at one point of time, we had 58 models, then I brought it up to 25 similar exercise has been 
done for top loaders in all our categories. 
 
And therefore, looking at products at an SKU level and seeing what needs to be done on 
simplifying our portfolio, making life simpler for everybody is the third thing that we are 
concentrating on. But the beauty is that the brand is very strong. And I firmly believe that we have 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
got a wonderful team of people who are veterans in the industry. And therefore, they have the 
relationships. Somebody from outside can put some tighter controls on the ship so that we get the 
maximum out of the brand, the team, and the products that we have. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And my second part is that if I look at the previous presentation, there are 2 data points which are 
there. One is in terms of the average - what is the inventory holding days of the home appliances 
division and also the split of home appliances across various product categories. So, these 2 
information is actually - is not present in this presentation. I just want to understand whether any 
of that information can be divulged in this call or this is the new normal? 
Kartik Muchandi: 
Kartik here. We can provide it separately to you. But as we have already shown to you, the channel 
inventory, last year, there was an issue in March that the channel inventory for EC was very high. 
So, this year, those issues are not there. The inventory is at a healthy level, and our holding also 
has come down. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: And that's something that we'll work on very, very thing. We don't want old stocks to remain in 
the system. So that's constantly being looked at, so that our endeavor would be to try and get as 
fresh as product that is possible to the customer. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Yes. And the third is in terms of the cost optimization, there is a plan of INR 200 crores, which 
was outlined I think we are on track, as you mentioned. Now on that is, in addition to it, I believe 
there is a fixed cost optimization plan that was being undertaken. Can you just help me understand 
where we are on the journey? What has been - what has happened in the last financial year? And 
what is the total amount you think you can actually save and just an update would be helpful. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: I think there's not much that has moved into the P&L. That's something that we are looking at with 
a hawk eye because as I said, there's only a limit to which process and CI can bring in. And 
therefore, all our cost elements, we'll have to look at in terms of it's something that we are looking 
at ways and means by which something can be turn on them. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Sorry, if I just paraphrase it says - I mean, what I can interpret is fixed cost savings have not 
materialized in FY26? 
Management: 
Nothing substantial to report. Nothing substantial. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Okay, and do you anticipate any fixed cost reduction in FY27? Is that the plan? Or you are actually 
focusing on the variable cost reduction? 
Management: 
No fixed cost also, we are definitely looking at. One of the things that one element would be our 
advertising and sales promotion. That's something we'll have to look at various things. I'm saying 
right up to even travel, travel policy, everything needs to be looked at. But if you were to look at 
it currently, it is lesser of priority because the bigger tickets are being addressed at this point of 
time. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And last, in terms of your ad spend as well as the spending for all the - having the promoters, what 
has been the increase or a number of FY26 versus FY25? Because I remember in the Q1 or Q2 
call, you mentioned that we have actually recruited some people and you want to actually have 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
rationalizing the salary structure of promoter incentive - I mean, promoters and their incentives. 
Just want to understand those 2 things. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: The numbers are going up. If you actually look at it, I think we increased our numbers by about 
400 people at the in-store. So, it doesn't mean that 400 more outlets have come under the coverage 
because there are a lot of these key accounts, which have got multiple floors - and therefore, if I 
got x number of promoters, it doesn't mean that the same number of outlets are being covered. 
 
Certain outlets, depending on the footfalls and depending on the number of floors might have 
multiple promoters out there. So absolute number-wise, it's increased by about 400 to 500 numbers. 
We intend to further take it up because we are finding that dealers - now there are 2 things. One is 
if you put the resource at the right outlet, then you get the benefits out of it. And therefore, as I 
said, we have identified the outlets where we need to put them up. 
 
And we definitely want to increase the number of outlets, which are covered by these in-store 
promoters. The challenge is to ensure that we put them in the right outlets and we get the maximum. 
So, all productivity and other things have to be measured, and there's a program that is being run 
as far as that is concerned. So, we will increase the number. We are predominantly, a variable pay. 
 
There is a fixed component, but we would like to remunerate our in-store promoters mainly on the 
variable component of it. And therefore, we've just rolled out the new incentive policy for them, 
which should simplify their process of trying to find out how much they earn, to simplify it, try to 
ensure that premiumization happens at outlet and things like that. So, a lot of work is happening 
on the in-store promoters, increasing the numbers, incentivizing them properly, governing them 
properly, ensuring that their productivity is being tracked and things like that. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And last thing on the credit card tie-ups. One of the types of feedback which was there earlier was 
that our cashback or the tie-ups to the credit card is not has scope of improvement, and there was 
an action taken against it as per one of the con calls we heard. I want to understand whether that 
particular thing has been fully addressed that we have actually tied up with all the credit cards so 
that the cashback, whatever it is, is at par with what our competitors give or there is still more 
action to be taken? 
Kartik Muchandi: 
Yes, Kartik here. Yes, those gaps in terms of being available on most of the cards are now fixed. 
Today, our customer offer in terms of low cost, low-cost EMI and the tenure is similar to the 
competition. And most of the cards similar to the competition, if the products are available. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. But at the end of the day, it is a cost. So, any cashback that is even a portion of that is a cost 
to us, and therefore, that's something that we have to be cautious about and how we manage that. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And have you increased your ad spend per se, since last year, what was the ad spend what was the 
ad spend FY25 to FY26? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So, we have not really increased our ad spends. We have not - it's more or less the same. And - but 
we are strengthening our digital portion of it, because we believe that digital is the way forward. 
We have a large base of our own loyal customers. And therefore, rather than going through any 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
June 10, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
other route, we believe that digital is a great way to reach out to these customers, whether it be 
cross-sell or upsell. 
And therefore, we are strengthening our digital wing to make it much more effective, and we are 
communicating with our customers. At the same time, we are looking at plugging any leaks that 
are there, all those elements of click-through ratios and all that thing is being looked at. We're 
getting some external help to help us manage that. So that's something that we are doing now. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And in terms of the energy rating related stuff, right, which of our product categories actually got 
affected and therefore, what is the cost escalation? And second, in terms of e-waste program, is 
there - what is the kind of provision we have taken there? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So, energy was actually on the AC. It was effective from 1st of January, which is when the 
new energy rating came in. It has two impacts. One is obviously the cost went up to be able to 
maintain the same thing. The cost per machine did go up. And also, as a company, when the 
company - when we - when the market moved to a new energy rating, we did not want to hold on 
to old energy rating products in the market. And therefore, we had to do a liquidation drive also. 
So, it impacted us in two ways. One is the fact that the cost per unit has gone up. And two is, 
temporarily, we had to ensure that we don't carry too much of the... 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
Sir, what is the cost if you can quantify because there has been some liquidation or discounting 
you have done, any cost for the full year or for the fourth quarter on account of this? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: I think it was about INR 7 crores was the impact because of that, INR 7 crores for the full year. 
And obviously, everything came into Q4. So about INR 6 crores out of that came into Q4. 
Laxmi Narayanan: 
And that's only for air conditioners, right? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: That's only for air conditioners, yes. And that effective 1st of January is when the new energy 
rating came in. And therefore, all the costs came into Q4. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Rabindranath for any closing comments. 
Rabindranath Nayak: 
Thank you. Thank you to the management for the call. Sandeep sir, do you want to have any closing 
remarks, sir? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So, I think having this interaction is the first time that I'm doing this interaction on behalf of IFB. 
Very glad to be able to answer the questions. They show a genuine interest of our investors in our 
business, and we are thankful to that. I hope we have given you enough confidence that the 
application is expected to do very well. And we see a buoyancy in the market, and we should get 
capitalized on that. And we are really glad that investors are asking us these questions and keeping 
us on our toes. So, thank you very much, and it's been a pleasure interacting with all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
