 
 
May 29, 2026 
To 
To 
The Secretary 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Trading Symbol: DIVISLAB 
Scrip Code: 532488 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of earnings conference call held on May 23, 2026 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015 
 
We hereby submit the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and year ended 
March 31, 2026, held on May 23, 2026 at 14.30 hrs. (IST). The transcript is also available on 
the website of the Company i.e. www.divislabs.com under the Investors Relations section.  
 
This is for your information and records.   
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Divi's Laboratories Limited 
 
 
M. Satish Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
SATISH 
CHOUDHURY 
MEKA
Digitally signed by 
SATISH CHOUDHURY 
MEKA 
Date: 2026.05.29 
10:03:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Divi's Laboratories Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KIRAN S. DIVI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DIVI'S LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
 
MS. NILIMA PRASAD DIVI –WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
(COMMERCIAL) – DIVI'S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATESA PERUMALLU PASUMARTHY – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – DIVI'S LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MR. M. SATISH CHOUDHURY – COMPANY SECRETARY 
AND CHIEF INVESTOR RELATIONS OFFICER – DIVI'S 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the earnings conference call of Divi's 
Laboratories Limited for Q4 FY '25-'26. As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
on your touch-tone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. M. Satish Choudhury. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Good afternoon to all of you. I am M. Satish Choudhury, Company Secretary and Chief Investor 
Relations Officer of Divi's Laboratories Limited. I welcome you all to the earnings call of the 
company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026. From Divi's Labs, we have with us 
today Dr. Kiran S. Divi, Whole-Time Director and Chief Executive Officer; Ms. Nilima Prasad 
Divi, Whole-Time Director (Commercial); and Mr. Venkatesa Perumallu Pasumarthy, Chief 
Financial Officer. During the day, our Board has approved audited financial results for the 
quarter and year ended 31st March 2026, and we have released the same to the stock exchanges 
as well as updated the same in our website. 
 
Please note that this conference call is being recorded and a transcript of the same will be made 
available on the website of the company. Please note that the audio of the concall is the copyright 
material of Divi's Laboratories Limited and cannot be copied, rebroadcasted or attributed in press 
or media without the specific and written consent. 
 
Let me draw your attention to the fact that on this call, our discussion will include certain 
forward-looking statements, which are predictions, projections or other estimates about future 
events. These estimates reflect management's current expectations of the future performance of 
the company. Please note that these estimates involve several risks and uncertainties that could 
cause our actual results to differ materially from what is expressed or implied. 
 
Divi's Labs or its officials does not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-
looking statement, whether as a result of future events or otherwise. Now I hand over the 
conference to Dr. Kiran Divi for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Divi Laboratories earnings call for the fourth quarter 
and year ending '25-'26. Thank you for joining us today. I hope you and your families are in 
good health. With the year now behind us, I would like to briefly take you through our 
performance and key developments across our business, along with the priorities we have 
continued to execute on. While Q4 was characterized by a complex and uncertain global 
backdrop, we continue to remain focused on execution discipline, supply reliability and long-
term view of capacity and capability requirements. 
 
These anchors have helped us to maintain continuity across all segments to support our growth 
initiatives. Let me begin with the generic business. Volumes across our key products have 
maintained and remained stable through the quarter and full year. 
 
While the pricing environment remains competitive, we have seen steady demand across 
markets and healthy volume traction in our products. Moving to our Custom Synthesis segment, 
customer engagement has remained strong and progressive across the year. As we have shared 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
earlier, the strength of our CS business lies in our diversified product offering. As usual, our 
project pipeline remains active with molecules progressing through development to near 
commercialization. We are well positioned to participate meaningfully in these opportunities.  
 
Coming to our peptide business, we continue to deepen our capabilities during the year. With 
our long-standing capabilities in protected amino acids and our strategic investment in both solid 
phase and liquid phase synthesis capabilities, we are well positioned to support our customer 
requirements across multiple phases of development. During the quarter, we have successfully 
validated several fragments with a few more in the pipeline. 
 
Divi’s has remained closely engaged with several customers across different therapeutic 
categories in the peptide segment. With focus on execution and quality, we have continued to 
invest in the capacity required to meet customer and portfolio-specific needs. On the 
manufacturing front, operations at Unit 3 have been steadily progressing, and the facility is now 
playing an increasingly important role in our overall operations by supporting our backward 
integration capacity. 
 
Through the year, we have gradually transferred select activities from Unit 1 and Unit 2, freeing 
up GMP space while strengthening our supply chain and enabling better capacity optimization 
to support future growth in both generic and custom synthesis. 
 
Technology remains another key area of focus. During the year, we have continued advancing 
commercial activities across platforms such as continuous flow chemistry, biocatalysis and 
various automation layers within our plants. The objective is to enhance safety, minimize 
variability and to create scale and future-ready systems aligned with emerging customer needs 
and complex chemistries. 
 
Beyond our business operations, we remain deeply committed to creating long-term value for 
the communities we serve. I'm proud to share that our core CSR initiatives have positively 
impacted over 1 lakh children this year, while our safe drinking water programs now have 
reached to more than 11 lakh individuals each day across the states of Telangana and Andhra 
Pradesh. 
 
To sum up, this has been a year where consistent diligent execution made all the difference. The 
external environment had its share of challenges, but we maintained stability across our 
operations, strengthened our capabilities, and has kept our long-term investments on track. The 
underlying focus has not changed, which is to be reliable, to be responsive and invest ahead of 
future demand. Thank you. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Ms. Nilima Divi. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us as we review our fourth quarter and full 
year FY 2025-'26 performance. It is a pleasure to connect with you once again, and we sincerely 
appreciate the continued trust, engagement and support from all our stakeholders. Before 
discussing the financial performance, I would like to begin with an update on the procurement, 
supply chain and logistics as these areas had an influence on our operating environment towards 
the end of our fourth quarter. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
As many of you are aware, the escalation of geopolitical tensions in West Asia created 
disruptions across several global trade routes and logistics corridors. This led to congestion at 
key ports, extended transit timelines and operational uncertainty for suppliers and logistic 
providers alike. 
 
During this period, a number of suppliers invoked force majeure clauses, while freight rates 
across both ocean and air transportation started increasing considerably. At the same time, 
container and tank availability was somewhat constrained during the end of the quarter, adding 
further complexity to the movement of materials. Despite these external challenges, the 
availability of critical raw materials and solvents remained broadly manageable. 
 
This was largely due to resilience and preparedness of our procurement and supply chain teams 
who responded with agility and discipline throughout the period. Over the past few years, we 
have consciously worked towards strengthening our sourcing ecosystem, broadening our 
supplier base and increasing the depth of our domestic procurement network. 
 
These initiatives is playing an important role in helping us navigate the volatility more 
effectively. Our teams adopted proactive procurement planning measures well in advance, 
enabling us to secure supplies and manage inventory efficiently despite uncertain lead times. 
 
For time-sensitive materials such as solvents, where extended storage is neither practical nor 
economically viable, we implemented tighter coordination between procurement production and 
planning teams to ensure continuity without disruption to manufacturing schedules. Currently, 
we are focusing material availability on a quarterly basis. On the logistics side, shipments were 
planned and executed proactively to minimize delays. 
 
We continue to work closely with reliable and long-standing logistics partners, which helped us 
maintain consistency in deliveries despite market conditions. As a result, we were able to honor 
our customer commitments and maintain supply reliability. While external environment remains 
dynamic, we believe the actions taken over the past several years to strengthen operational 
resilience are proving effective. 
 
At the same time, we remain cautious in our outlook. Freight-related cost pressures are expected 
to continue in the near term, and we have incorporated these factors into our planning for the 
coming quarters. We will continue to closely monitor geopolitical developments, logistics 
conditions and supply chain dynamics while ensuring that our internal planning, sourcing 
strategies and operational execution remains aligned with business requirements and customer 
expectations. 
 
With that, I will now move on to financial performance for the quarter and full year. For the 
quarter, the company recorded a consolidated total income of ₹2,986 crores. Profit before tax 
for the quarter stood at ₹963 crores as against ₹864 crores for the corresponding quarter of 
previous financial year. Profit after tax for the current quarter stands at ₹751 crores. The 
company also reported a forex gain of ₹90 crores for the Q4. 
 
For the financial year 2025-'26, the company recorded a consolidated total income of ₹11,067 
crores compared to ₹9,712 crores in the previous financial year. Profit before tax for the year 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
stood at ₹3,388 crores after accounting for the impact of Labour Codes amounting to ₹74 crores 
as against ₹2,916 crores in the previous financial year. 
 
Profit after tax for the current financial year was ₹2,568 crores compared to ₹2,191 crores in the 
previous year. The company also reported a forex gain of ₹211 crores during the year against a 
gain of ₹48 crores in the previous financial year. Pursuant to the notification of the four Labour 
Codes effective from November 21, 2025, and consequent revision in the definition of wages, 
the company assessed a onetime incremental impact of ₹74 crores towards employee benefits 
during and post-employment. 
 
The same has been fully provided for in the current financial year and disclosed as an exceptional 
item in the statement of financial results. Material consumption during the current financial year 
stood at approximately 38.8% of sales revenue compared to 39.8% in the previous year. 
 
Exports contributed nearly 89% of the total sales revenue with Europe and United States together 
accounting for approximately 74% of the export revenue. The product mix between generics and 
custom synthesis for the year was at 45% and 55%, respectively. Constant currency growth for 
the year was 6.82%. 
 
Revenue from nutraceuticals business for the current financial year amounted to ₹946 crores 
compared to ₹781 crores in the previous financial year. During the year, the company capitalized 
assets worth ₹1,544 crores, out of which approximately ₹800 crores is capitalized in the last 
quarter. 
 
Capital work in progress as of March 31, 2026 stood at ₹2,113 crores. As on March 31, 2026, 
the Company's Cash and Cash equivalents stood at ₹3,414 crores, Receivables at ₹2,984 crores 
and Inventories at ₹3,954 crores. Thank you. 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thank you, madam. With this, we would request the moderator to open the lines for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Surya Patra from Phillip Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. First question is on the supply chain issue. So regards to the 
raw material availability, you have elaborated for the quarter, but could you share -- or is it fair 
to believe that the worst is behind us already, or the Q1 would be seeing incremental challenges 
in terms of availability of material? 
 
See, particularly, I wanted to know about the methanol because we are one of the leading 
consumer of methanol in the country and almost entire of this country's demand is met from the 
imported things. So, how are we managing that? And how would that situation be for first half 
of current financial year? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
So, a quick thing on the supply chain management and the procurement. In the year, since the 
war started on 28th February, I would say the effect is there only on 1 month in the entire year. 
So we wouldn't see so much of an effect of what is happening on the yearly results, neither on 
the quarterly results because it's only one-third. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
 
If you're asking me what we are currently going through, yes, we are having difficulty in 
sourcing material, but we are not having any production stoppages at our end. And it is not just 
methanol. We do import a lot of other solvents. We do import -- we also procure domestic -- a 
lot of materials which require materials from the Middle East, for example, Ammonia, which is 
imported from Middle East. 
 
And as I'm sure you are aware that there are certain domestic manufacturers who have declared 
force majeure. So, the impact is there on multiple products, not just on solvents. We are 
reviewing this on a quarter-on-quarter basis, and we are trying to secure every month for the 
next 3 months, how -- to make sure that our production is continuously running for the next 3 
months. So we are keeping our customers also in the loop. And it is -- right now, we can say it 
is difficult, but it is not something that we are completely worried about. 
Surya Patra: 
My next question is to Kiran sir. Sir, if the GLP opportunity hypothetically shift towards orals 
more going ahead, then how will that impact our supply ability, whether it should be better or... 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
We are supported by long-term agreements, okay, with our customers. So whether you're going 
by oral or by any category, okay, we don't see that to be an issue for us. 
Surya Patra: 
Okay. Okay. And another question, sir, since the massive GLP-led capex that is going on 
worldwide, so if you can give your plan for -- capex plan for the next year, FY27? And also it 
would be great if you can share your margin outlook for FY27, given the kind of difficult 
scenario, how challenging and what is the kind of margin outlook that we would be having? 
Whether it would be difficult to sustain this or we can see expansion considering the new 
dedicated project, which will be commencing in the later part of the year 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See, right now, as we have shared, the capital work in progress is about ₹2,113 crores. And in 
fact, at Kakinada, we did mention earlier that we are going to do a ₹1,500 crores expansion plan, 
out of which ₹600 crores has been capitalized. So there is a lot of work in progress currently. 
 
And as and when we see an opportunity where there is material disclosure, we would definitely 
share it in the SEBI (disclosure). Now coming to the future outlook, we would say that as 
historically that we always look for a double-digit growth in our revenues, and that's what we 
would also say today. 
Surya Patra: 
And regards to margin, ma'am? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I mean with the change in scenarios, I would say it's difficult to project, but we would say it 
would remain stable. And we would -- like it's also with the situation we are currently in, we 
wouldn't want to throw a figure on that. 
Surya Patra: 
Sure, ma'am. Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amey Chalke from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes. Thank you for taking my question and congrats to the management of the call. So I have 
first question on our constant currency top line growth, which has been around 6%, as you 
mentioned in the opening remarks. So, despite doing so much capex, having so much capacity 
available, what is it that led to mid-single-digit growth during the year and how things change 
or can change going ahead in FY27? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See, we did have a capex, but most of the capex has capitalized in the last quarter. I would say 
more towards the end of last quarter is when we capitalized quite a bit of capex. But coming to 
the constant currency growth of 6%, considering the growth in revenue and the growth in the -- 
as well as the growth in the exchange rate with which we are going since the last year. 
 
It's something that we foresee that we would look at a regular revenue growth rather than a 
constant currency growth rate at this point in time because the currency is fluctuating quite 
strongly. And looking at it from that point of view will not show you the real picture of the 
business, rather look at it from a complete revenue standpoint. 
Amey Chalke: 
Okay. So is there any big product like a life cycle management project, which has been slowed 
down during the year or anything which has pulled down the revenue down, anything on the 
volume side or which could have affected the growth for us during the year? 
Nilima Prasad Divi : 
There is not a single product. See, we are a multiproduct company. We have many products in 
our pipeline, and we have generics and we have custom synthesis. Generics, yes, we have large 
volumes, and we have multiple products under it, custom synthesis as well we have a lot of 
projects under it. 
 
We can't name that one single product, we are product heavy wherein it would pull down our 
revenue to a considerable extent, which would reflect in the balance sheet. Yes, we did mention 
-- Dr. Kiran Divi has mentioned earlier many times that the generic business has been quite 
strong volume-wise. But yes, there has been pricing pressures. And Dr. Kiran Divi, would you 
like to elaborate on this? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So to answer your question, while we cannot point on a particular product, we have not lost any 
volumes or any supply or have any supply issues with any of our customers. Generics has slight 
pricing pressure, but our customers also understand what's happening in the market and they 
have been very understanding and we have been in constant discussion in how to manage the 
pricing at both end. 
 
While on the custom synthesis, we have several projects. Now you also know that we do a lot 
of late life cycle management for our customers. While the project is going through its patent 
phase, as it comes to an end or closer to an end, we do support our customers in late life cycle 
management and the product continues to stay, okay. Maybe the volumes may go down. 
 
But at the same time, we have several projects that come into the pipeline. So it's a continuous 
rotation. You have to remember, Divi's has been in the business of CS from the inception. It's 
not something new that we got in today and the volumes have evolved. This is a constant cycle 
that keeps going on. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. The second question I have on the margin side. Like a few years back, we used to operate 
at 37%, 38% margins traditionally. What has changed since then over the last 4-odd years since 
our margins have settled down around 32%? Is there any possibility we can go back to the 
original levels and what can drive it? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I would say that one -- the two key things that we see, the margins going more than 32% historic 
figure. One is the generic pricing pressure for sure. And then the second one is mainly the cost 
of materials that has increased. I mean, we did see the increase happen mainly during the COVID 
period, and then it slowly started settling down in the recent past. But again, with the war, we 
are seeing rise in prices. I mean, to answer your question about when would we go back to 38%, 
that's something we dearly wish for that we also go back to 38%, which also depends on the 
market conditions. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. Is it like going ahead, if the business mix of custom synthesis increases driven by whatever 
projects you have already expecting to start, will that drive these margins upwards? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So it's very difficult for me to answer that, right? Because right now, we have done -- we are in 
-- some we are in the process of validation, like I explained, some we are going through 
prequalification. Some are still in the R&D state. Now these have to go to our customers. They 
have to go through their qualification cycle. 
 
So it's very difficult for me to say the timeline of any project. When it would come, when is the 
right time that these would jump in? Again, we have to see what this product is competing with 
and whether a new molecule is developed at the same time. So there are several unforeseen 
challenges for me to comment on the margin at this point. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
I just wanted to check on the raw material availability that you talked about. Would it be fair to 
assume that obviously a lot of that availability is coming at a higher price, which would start 
reflecting in the first quarter fully? 
 
And also, if you could just comment on our ability to pass on this cost inflation, particularly in 
the generic segment? Have we started seeing generic API prices probably that have been under 
pressure bottom out now that we are facing cost pressure? Or you don't think it's too premature 
to sort of see that? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
I could answer this for you -- the generic segment, while the raw material prices, we are not 
immune to it, we are seeing rise in raw material prices. But we have -- most of our APIs on the 
generic segment are backed by long-term contracts, which have variability clauses, which 
protects us from such situations.  
 
So these are reviewed -- based on the contracts, some of them would be reviewed every 3 
months. There is a clause where it directly impacts on the raw material plus. There are different 
scenarios where we have long-term contracts for most of our products. And this supports us and 
protects us, which is basically a carry forward, which goes to our customers. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And Dr. Divi, is it fair to assume that not all of our contracts are long term and there 
is some amount of spot supplies, which could see this impact from the cost pressure? Or would 
you say bulk of the contracts are long term and therefore, we have some flexibility in terms of 
being able to negotiate as and when the contract comes up for renewal? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
It is a fine balance between having contracts for our products. And also, we have some spot 
buys, quarterly buys from customers from various regions, which, again, it's on negotiation to 
negotiation basis, which happens mostly in countries like South America or parts of Europe, 
Eastern Europe or Asia. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. And my second question, now that there's so much discussion about raw material 
pressures, etcetera, have you started seeing customers probably increase -- an increase in demand 
from the customer side, which you think would bode well for API prices? Has that phenomenon 
started to reflect in your customers' demand than wanting more volumes just to make sure there 
is supply security at their end? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
To answer your question, I would say that our supply chain model is pretty stable. We have -- 
we proactively make sure that the material reaches our customer in time, and that's what Divi's 
has been known for and that we deliver on time to the customers. So that way, I don't think they 
are stocking up any material that they are foreseeing the shortage. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Ma'am, first on the API segment, there has been a healthy pickup in revenue over the past 2 
quarters, which probably in the earlier quarters, it was pretty stable. So is it -- while the pricing 
pressure remains, so this is like a decent volume pickup. Is that the safe assumption to make? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Yes, the volume has been picked up. We had steady growth in volume, and our customer base 
has been quite steady in the generic business. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Given the new molecule addition or the volume of the existing molecules? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
This is from our existing portfolio itself. While we are still waiting for our customers to launch 
our new portfolio, what we have told you in 2026-'27, as the products come off patent. But now 
this is from our existing product portfolio. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, effectively, like coming couple of years, the new products will also sort of add to this volume 
growth from the existing product, right? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
That is correct. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, secondly, with respect to Unit 3, you alluded that the production level has steadily increased 
and there has been some shift from Unit 1 and Unit 2. While you are not giving further details, 
but probably what further percentage in terms of such a broad-based percentage shift which is 
possible from Unit 1 and Unit 2 to Unit 3, where are we in that journey? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
It's quite difficult to say a percentage, okay, because it is on qualification to qualification basis. 
As and when we have a product in demand and the volumes are going up, which requires proper 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
GMP or we have a branded customers' product, which the volumes have increased and we need 
to create space, that is the time we are moving one of our pre-chemistry products from Unit 1 or 
Unit 2 to Unit 3, freeing up GMP spaces. So, the qualification timeline is something we would 
know about 2 or 3 or 4 months in ahead. As and when we know that customers are getting 
approval, we proactively start working on moving those products. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Got it, sir. And just lastly, I mean, the way the custom synthesis business has been built by Divi’s 
Lab, clearly, the customer satisfaction in terms of the supply of the material has been rock solid 
maybe even if I look back at the COVID times as well. But just one thing to understand like 
inventory, if I look at it, it has been stable quarter-over-quarter, I mean, from ₹3,600 crores 
moving to ₹3,900 crores. And given the way the situation has sort of panned out in March, April, 
so would we see subsequently an increase in the inventory level in, let's say, coming quarter? Or 
this is the kind of the rate at which the inventory will be increasing? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I would say from an inventory standpoint, the March month has been mostly surfaced from the 
inventories of maybe early March. But most of the increase in inventory, I would say you might 
be seeing from the Q1 of next year. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Any percentage you would like to put? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I wouldn't put any number on that because we are first trying to make sure that we run good 
capacity. We don't lose out on our production capacities, and we don't lose out on our outward 
logistics shipments. So for that, we are securing material and we are storing material to make 
sure that we are efficiently manufacturing and supplying our customers. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just last, if I may squeeze in, you also commented on increased procurement from the 
domestic side and correct me if I'm wrong. So is that resulting into relatively higher prices so 
that you secure the raw material in place or the still largely stable despite getting procurement 
from the domestic side? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
So I would say it's not just domestic, but also it is with respect to imports like we buy a lot of 
solvents and we buy quite a few materials from imports. And we also try to buy from domestic. 
Yes, are we seeing price increases? We are seeing price increases like any other, like you're 
seeing crude oil, crude increase you're seeing multiple other factors in our daily lives also 
increase in prices. The same way, we are also not immune. We are seeing price increases. But 
we are factoring them in, and we are trying to pass on wherever feasible. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
That's great and thanks a lot for this explanation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhigyan Srivastav from Marcellus Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is, can you comment on the ramp-up of 
Iodine contrast media and the status of Gadolinium-based contrast media that we are working 
on? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Could you repeat your question again, please? 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Yes. I want to know the status of our Iodine contrast media ramp-up and our status on the 
Gadolinium-based contrast media that we have been working on? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Coming to the Contrast Media, we are working with the big pharma companies. So I cannot 
disclose too much on the volume or how much we are producing or who we are working with 
because we are bound by CDAs, but we are working with most of the top players in the market 
at this point who are innovators. 
 
Coming to Gadolinium compounds, we are still at qualification stage because these are new 
molecules which are in Phase II, Phase III. Yes, we are basically tagging along with our 
customers. As and when they start getting approvals, we will start seeing revenues from that 
side. 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. And my second question is, you mentioned that we are seeing new project 
inquiries in CSM. Is there anything in particular that is driving that? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
You mean to say in Contrast Media? 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
No, in CSM as a whole, in your initial speech… 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Okay. In CS, we have several projects which are either in phase II, phase III. Some, the 
validations have been completed, and these have been submitted to our customers, and we are 
waiting for approval for them to get either EU, EDQM or USFDA or different regulatory 
agencies to approve them. As and when they go through the approval process, we will be a part 
of their journey. 
 
But, as of now, we have a strong pipeline across different -- at different, what you call, stages of 
development. Some at Phase II, some at Phase III, some have done qualifications, some have 
done validations. I think that's what you've asked for, right? 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Right, sir. Sir, lastly, has there been any loss of revenue in Q4 due to logistic issues? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Can you repeat the question again, please? 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Yes, ma'am. Has there been any loss of revenue due to logistic issues that you mentioned in your 
initial speech? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
No, we haven't had any loss of revenue because of the logistics issues in the last quarter. 
Abhigyan Srivastav: 
Got it. Thank you for what you said, which was very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek Agarwal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. One question is on GLP-1, as you have talked about that several of 
the fragments have completed validation, that is all right. Just want to understand how far we 
are from commercializing that? 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Just a second. Your background noise was way too much. We couldn't hear your question 
clearly. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
One question on GLP-1, as you have talked about that several of the projects or several of the 
fragments that... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Agarwal, we cannot hear you clearly. Please use your handset. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
No problem... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Agarwal, as there is no response. Can you please repeat your question or use your handset 
mode, sir? We cannot hear you clearly. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
I am speaking back to you. I'm joining by the queue. Sorry. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritika from ValueQuest Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Ritika: 
My first question is on, could you help us understand broad timelines? When do we expect the 
3 dedicated capacity to start utilization? Also, what will be a regulatory process that we need to 
go through for all these 3 new dedicated capacities? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Would you please repeat the question again? 
Ritika: 
Yes, sure. My question is on, could you help us understand when do we expect broad timelines 
for these 3 dedicated capacities to start utilizations? Also, what kind of regulatory process we 
need to have to go through for these 3 new dedicated capacities? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
The 3 projects, I believe you're talking about the CS projects we have spoken in the past. 
Ritika: 
Yes. Yes. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
These have gone through various stages of validation. At this point, they are in the process of 
being supplied to our customer. As and when the customers get their regulatory approvals, either 
from -- I don't know which countries and how they would apply. We will be a part of their filing, 
we cannot comment on their regulatory submissions. But as and when they confirm and give us 
the volume indication that we need to start commercial production, we would then start 
producing commercial quantities. 
Ritika: 
Also, from U.S. FDA or any other company -- any other country point of view, do we need any 
inspection or any on that regulatory process that we need to go through? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
To answer that question is very difficult, right. So I cannot assume what the agency would be 
thinking, whether after my customer submits a file, whether they would prefer to audit us or 
they're happy with the previous audit report or they want to do a product-specific report, and 
then come for an audit again. I cannot comment on that because that's a regulatory agency 
decision, right. So it's something I cannot comment. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Ritika: 
Sure. Just last understanding would be, when we had disclosed our first dedicated contract, 
which was in April '24, we had mentioned Jan '27 as the operational timelines. So do we think 
that is on track or that could get delayed led by regulatory approvals with your customers? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
As of now, like I explained, we have gone through validation phases. We have supplied it to our 
customers. We are hopeful by 2027 it will be commercialized or earlier or maybe later. 
Everything is subjected to regulatory approvals for our customer who in turn would tell us as 
and when we need to supply commercial quantities. So this is based on a prediction on what our 
customers give us. We have spoken in the past... 
Ritika: 
Sure. Last question would be, could you give us qualitative understanding on opportunity in the 
contrast media that you are seeing, both in generics as well on the innovator front? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
On contrast Media, we're substantially tied up with the innovator side of the business, where we 
have been supplying iodine-based contrast media in several multiples of tons to these customers 
and as and when they demand, they want to increase it, they have been discussing with us 
actively and increasing their volumes or some of the customers have kept their volume quite 
stable. Coming to the generic side, we are not that active. We are more active with the innovators 
itself. 
Ritika: 
Got it. You mentioned to the other participant that for Gadolinium, our contract is yet to start 
with the products being in phase II, phase III. But in the Iodine space, we would have already 
started commercialization for molecules? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Yes. In the Iodine base, we are already in commercial sales. I think I mentioned this in my 
previous calls that we have commercialized these projects on the Iodine base. And like I 
explained, there are one or two -- there are about three major players. So few of them are 
increasing their volume. Some of them are keeping it steady with what they have signed with us 
and these are backed up by long-term contracts.  
 
Now, coming to Gadolinium compounds, this is something where we are in phase III, where 
they're buying quantities just for their studies to qualify their product. As and when they see light 
of approval from the agencies, then they would start talking to us for taking the next steps on 
validation. 
Ritika: 
Thank you so much for answering the question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Quick question first on the capex. So we did ₹1,400 crores last year. We have done ₹2,500 crores 
this year at about 23%, 24% of sales. It's been a very high number and I don't know whether you 
alluded to a ₹1,500 crores number for '27, but just checking.  
 
And typically, Kiran, we have had a 2-year correlation on when you convert capex to revenue 
or some form of it. So just want to understand whether the current batch of capex, including the 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
long-term supply agreements, is it a slightly more prolonged revenue recognition cycle, you 
think or you think the historical trends of when revenues accrue from these capex will be similar? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
Can you just repeat your question again, please? 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes, Nilima. So capex is ₹2,500 crores this year, last year it was ₹1,400 crores. ₹2,500 crores is 
24% of sales. Our historical average is 13% of sales is the capex number. So I'm just saying it's 
significantly higher. I know we are doing three long-term supply agreements, but when does 
revenue accrue from capex being done? Is it a 2-year to 3-year cycle when you start seeing 
commercialization leading to revenue recognition? 
Moderator: 
Sir your line is on mute.  
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
Yes. Sorry, we were just discussing. So to answer your question, right, while capex has been 
allotted for various projects across the various units. Either we are creating GMP capacities in 
Unit 1 and Unit 2, freeing up the space so that Unit 3, Kakinada can take up the pre-chemistry 
raw materials and then qualifying these for our customers. All these is a cycle. 
 
The cycle is typically when we do an innovative product, we completely depend on the 
customer's timeline because we file in their CMC. We do not have control on when the product 
will be launched. It can be wishful thinking if you want it in 6 months or 1 year, it can take 2 
years.  
 
We have seen time cycles all the way from 6 months when it's a fast approval project by the 
agencies and the product needs to be in the market or we have seen as long as 3 years. So it is 
very difficult for us to predict saying, okay, in the next 1 year we will see these being shown up 
into the revenue stream.  
 
So to be optimistic, we believe we would like to be in the 2-year range, which is comfortable. 
We have seen sometimes these are slightly earlier or slightly delayed based on -- if the agencies 
ask our customers further questions, further data, we don't know, as we are not a part of it. We 
just have long-term contracts with supply commitments. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes, helpful, Kiran. My second question is just on an earlier participant's question on margins, 
32%, 32.5% this year, excluding other income. But if you were to look at historically, I think 
during COVID we did like 40% and I recollect Nilima saying it's because of generic pricing 
being the difference? 
 
But last time -- at that time there was also Molnupiravir, right, that was an expedited, accelerated 
capex. For me, it seems to remind us of the next three long-term supply agreements that are 
coming. So why wouldn't the new long-term supply agreements for CS, which may be higher 
scale, which may be larger quantities, wouldn't that drive margins higher? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See at this point it's very difficult to comment. You have to see how the product is going to do 
in the market. If you look at Molnupiravir as an example, it was a COVID-driven drug, okay. 
So it was specific, it's a therapeutic category which the market knows and the customer has 
driven it across all over the markets.  

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
 
Now the products that the large -- long-term supply agreements we have is completely based on 
what our customers have signed with us. So I'm not at the liberty to comment on the volume, on 
the pricing or the costing because the technology is completely owned by the customer and I'm 
not at the liberty to talk about it., but what I can say is with the ongoing costs, increase in cost 
on raw materials, okay, there is a -- there is -- we are trying to minimize the impact by discussing 
with several of our customers and trying to stabilize it to keep the numbers almost close to what 
we are achieving right now. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal Dhamesha from Macquarie. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. First question on the -- stable kind of profitability outlook that 
you've provided. Is it right to say given that you don't know what time it will take for the 
customer orders to come for dedicated capex projects? Is it fair to say the stable profitability 
guidance does not bake in any upside from these projects as of now? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
We are not at a liberty to comment on the upside/downside at this point in time. But, however, 
as we always said, we are looking for a double-digit revenue growth and that's the projection 
that we would like to assume we would achieve. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
In terms of the RM cost increases, freight rate increases, etcetera, is it also fair to say that the 
INR depreciation against a major currency like USD, Euro, where we derive our majority of the 
revenue, should be more than able to offset some of these increases? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See, if you're talking about our imports, am I correct? 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
No, I'm just saying at a company level, the kind of currency depreciation we have seen versus 
the pull factors in terms of increase in RM cost, freight cost, etcetera. So, there is a benefit from 
currency and then there is negative impact of all other factors. Would you say the currency 
benefit would more than offset all these dark clouds? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
See the currency benefit, because we are mostly an export-oriented company, it would definitely 
benefit is what we would foresee. Say, for example, currently this year our sales are about -- our 
revenue is about ₹11,000 crores, but our raw material is about ₹4,000 crores to ₹5,000 crores. 
 
In that, about 40% would be our imports. So how much of imports effect is there and how much 
of our export effect is there is easier for you to calculate from there. I don't need to say it out. 
Would the fluctuations benefit? Yes, it would. But when tomorrow the rupee drops, would it 
also impact? Yes, it would, because we are heavily on exports and we are not in the domestic 
that much. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. Lastly for Dr. Kiran, my understanding is typically the regulatory agencies only inspect 
API formulation and advanced intermediate facility. Correct me if I'm wrong. This is my 
understanding. By virtue of that, given that on peptide side we are doing more like 8 or 10 amino 
acids in a chain, would it be counted as more like advanced intermediate or intermediate? What 
is your sense on that? 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
See this -- the manufacturing has to be done under GMP. So, these are qualified material for our 
customers, now how -- which one do they call starting material, which one do they call advanced 
intermediate, only my customer knows, but we are prepared for any other. All the plants, that is 
both Unit 1 and Unit 2, is a general cGMP facility, which is under all guidelines of EDQM, US 
FDA or ANVISA, across all Japanese authorities. 
 
It basically covers all regulatory requirements. So, it's difficult for us to say whether -- which 
one is the starting material for him, which one is advanced intermediate, because as and when 
he keeps adding the fragment, the fragment sits at a certain place, higher the GMP level goes up. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. Last one, if I may squeeze in. In terms of, let's say once our peptide facility is 
commercialized, we have not given the scale. But would you say once it is commercialized, we 
would be in the top 2 player global, in terms of scale of the capacity? 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
I would say in terms of scale, I can give you a rough thing. We have several 3,000-liter SPPS, 
which by far in India nobody has. We are quite strong and committed towards this segment, and 
we are targeting to be one of the largest global players in the world. 
Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhawal Khut from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Dhawal Khut: 
My first question is I wanted to know the guidance on capex for the next fiscal year. That's first. 
And secondly, again, on peptide division, wanted to get some more details on the products that 
we have validated. Like what is the maximum length of the chain that we have validated, and 
are these fragments for one single product or the validated fragments are for multiple products? 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
What was your first question? 
Dhawal Khut: 
Outlook on capex. 
Nilima Prasad Divi: 
I would say the capex, like right now we have capital work in progress of ₹2,000 odd crores. So, 
I would say the capex for the following year, unless we see any major custom synthesis project 
or any new project that's in our way, it would be a constant capex. Now Kiran would answer 
your second question. 
Dr. Kiran S. Divi: 
So, coming to peptides, right, we have several customers, like I explained to you, where we are 
at various stages. Either some are in validation, some are in qualification, some are in R&D 
stages where we are doing small quantities for them, the fragments basically. 
 
These are various fragments, according -- it's very difficult for me to say whether it's for a single 
customer or multiple customers because I'm bound by CDAs. But all I can tell you is that we 
have a healthy pipeline and we see much more opportunities in different therapeutic segments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question of the day. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Satish 
Choudhury for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 

 
 
 
Divi's Laboratories Limited
 
May 23, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
M. Satish Choudhury: 
Thanks all for joining us today for the earnings call of Divi's Laboratories Limited. In case you 
need any further clarification, please reach out to our Investor Relations. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On the behalf of Divi's Laboratories Limited, that conclude this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
