 
Date: 22nd May 2026 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051, India                                                              
Symbol: SAKAR 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Con Call. 
 
Transcript of the discussion on the Audited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the 
Company for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026, at the analyst meet held on May 15, 2026, is 
attached and also available on the website of the Company at Sakar-Q4-FY26-Earnings-Conference-Call-
Transcript.pdf  
 
This is for information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR, SAKAR HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
BHARAT SONI 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl: As above 
BHARATKUMAR SUKHLAL 
SONI
Digitally signed by BHARATKUMAR 
SUKHLAL SONI 
Date: 2026.05.22 16:18:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Sakar Healthcare Limited 
Q4 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. BIKRAMJIT GHOSH – VICE PRESIDENT, STRATEGY AND 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – SAKAR HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. DHARMESH THAKER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SAKAR HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT SONI – COMPANY SECRETARY – SAKAR 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MS. PUSHPA PONMANY – MANAGER – SAKAR HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKUNJ SETH – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sakar Healthcare Limited Q4 FY26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikunj Seth from MUFG Intime. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Nikunj Seth:  
Thank you, Rutuja. Welcome to Sakar Healthcare Q4 FY26 earnings call. Today on the call we 
have Mr. Bikramjit Ghosh, Vice President, Strategy and Business Development, Mr. Dharmesh 
Thaker, CFO, Mr. Bharat Soni, Company Secretary, and Ms. Pushpa Ponmany, Manager.  
 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to give a small disclaimer that the call may contain 
certain forward-looking statements which are based on the business opinions and expectations 
of the company as on date. A detailed disclaimer has been given in the company's investor 
presentation which is uploaded on the stock exchange.  
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Ms. Pushpa. Over to you, ma'am. 
Pushpa Ponmany: 
Good morning. I welcome all our shareholders, investors, and analysts to the earnings call of 
Sakar Healthcare Limited for the quarter and financial year ended 31st March 2026. Over the 
last few years, Sakar Healthcare has consciously invested in building a dedicated oncology 
platform. This platform brings together oncology API, finished formulations, R&D capabilities, 
and globally compliant manufacturing infrastructure.  
 
These investments were made with a clear objective to transform Sakar from a diversified 
pharmaceutical manufacturer into a focused specialty oncology company with exports as the 
primary growth driver. The benefits of these investments are now beginning to materialize. 
Progress on regulatory approvals, technology transfers, and customer validations along with a 
steady rise in export orders has started translating into tangible commercial momentum.  
 
Quarter four marked a significant milestone in this journey with oncology exports gaining 
traction and profitability improving, bringing the company closer to its long-term vision of 
becoming a pure play export-led oncology player.  
 
The EU GMP approved oncology facility at Bavla, Gujarat is API integrated and designed to 
serve regulated global markets. It can manufacture complex oncology products acrossoral solids, 
injectables, oral liquids, and APIs supported by advanced containment systems, formulation 
development, analytical capabilities, and flow chemistry infrastructure.  
 
During the year, we achieved an important milestone with the approval to manufacture Imatinib 
for Accord Healthcare UK for supplies into Europe. This validation is a strong endorsement of 
our quality systems, compliance standards, and manufacturing capabilities. It also establishes 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Sakar as a credible partner for global oncology companies looking for reliable manufacturing 
and supply from India.  
 
Our oncology business is now entering the scale-up phase. We have already signed more than 
60 oncology business contracts with over 35 discussions currently ongoing. Out of 250 dossiers 
shared globally, 125 have been filed and 12 have received marketing authorizations. Across our 
developed oncology portfolio, 11 approvals have been received for key molecules including 
Imatinib, Abiraterone, Capecitabine, Gemcitabine, Carboplatin, Irinotecan, and Docetaxel.  
 
In addition, technology transfer projects are underway with partners such as Accord, Intas, 
Torrent, Emcure, Glenmark, and Zydus with site variation approvals already received in the UK 
and EU. The Accord Intas portfolio alone comprising 10 oncology products to be manufactured 
by Sakar represents a potential opportunity of INR50 crores to INR100 crores depending on the 
commercialization strategy across Europe.  
 
Commercial exports to regulated markets are expected to commence in phases with Europe 
likely to be the initial focus market. At the same time, oncology exports are already underway 
to markets such as the UK, Mauritius, Lebanon, Algeria, and several African countries. Going 
forward, oncology is expected to become the core growth engine of Sakar Healthcare. In 
financial 2026, the oncology division contributed around 38% of total revenues while the current 
mix is balanced between domestic and export markets.  
 
We expect exports to become the dominant contributor over the medium term as more approvals 
convert into commercial supplies. Our focus will remain on three key priorities, increasing 
dossier approvals, deepening international partnerships, and scaling product launches across 
regulated and emerging markets. Over the next two years, we aim to cross 300 dossier approvals, 
achieve more than 100 overseas business contracts, and build a strong base of marketing 
authorizations.  
 
The scalability of this platform is one of our biggest strengths. The Bavla oncology facility 
designed for large-scale operations is expected to scale up over the next four to five years and 
can potentially generate revenues of INR800 crores to INR1,000 crores at optimal utilization 
without requiring significant incremental capex. Since current utilization remains low, there is 
substantial room for operating leverage as export volumes scale up.  
 
Given the higher margin nature of oncology products, we expect EBITDA margins in this 
division to remain in the range of 25% to 30% over the medium term. While oncology will 
remain our primary strategic focus, our CDMO and non-oncology business continue to provide 
stability, cash flows, and strong customer relationships. We continue to manufacture leading 
pharmaceutical companies such as Zydus, Emcure, Glenmark, Cipla, Ipca, and Abbott across 
multiple dosage forms including oral liquids, tablets, injectables, dry powder formulations, and 
inhalers.  
 
Our Changodar facility continues to support the non-oncology business while our broader 
portfolio includes liquid and lyophilized injectables, oral solids, and liquid exports of  sakarin, 
heparin-based formulations, cephalosporins, and other products. Our branded formulations 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
business is also expanding across APAC, Latin America, CIS, Africa, and select European 
markets. We were also pleased to be recognized by the Ethiopian Pharmaceutical Supply 
Services as one of the best suppliers for 2024-2025, which reflects our improving credibility and 
execution in international markets.  
 
Now coming to the financial performance for quarter 4 and financial year 2026 consolidated 
results. For quarter 4 financial year 2026, revenue from operations stood at INR7,109.70 lakhs 
compared to INR5,024.18 lakhs in quarter 4 financial year 2025, reflecting a robust 42% year-
on-year growth. EBITDA for the quarter was INR2,623.57 lakhs compared to rupees 1572.47 
lakhs in quarter four financial year 2025, an increase of67% year-on-year with EBITDA margins 
at 37%.  
 
Profit after tax stood at INR1,102.43 lakhs compared to INR576.11 lakhs in quarter 4 financial 
year 2025, delivering a strong 91% year-on-year growth supported by our oncology division, 
operational leverage, and cost discipline. Gross margins remained healthy at 60% driven by 
improved efficiency and scale benefits across our oncology vertical.  
 
For the year ended financial year 2026, revenue stood at INR25,173.60 lakhs as against 
INR17,758.47 lakhs in financial year 2025, reflecting a 20% to 42% year-on-year increase. 
EBITDA in financial year 2026 was INR6,888.82 lakhs compared to INR4968.32 lakhs in the 
financial year 2025, an increase of 39% year-on-year. Profit after tax for financial year 2026 was 
INR3,048.46 lakhs compared to INR1,750.20 lakhs in the financial year 2025, reflecting a 74% 
year-on-year growth.  
 
Overall, the strong financial and operational performance reflects the scalability of our 
integrated oncology platform, the growing acceptance of our manufacturing quality by global 
partners, and the long-term opportunity emerging from our oncology-led export strategy.  
 
Before I conclude, I would like to thank our Managing Director, Mr. Sanjay Shah, our 
management team, our dedicated employees, and our global partners for their continued 
commitment and contribution. I also extend my gratitude to all shareholders and analysts for 
their continued trust and support in Sakar Healthcare's journey.  
 
Thank you for your time. We will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from Long Equity Partners. Please go ahead. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, sir, and congratulations on fantastic set of numbers. 
Bikramjit ji, I must congratulate you for giving very realistic guidance and then meeting it. My 
first question, sir, is on the, I think next year we have aspiration of going to INR380 crores 
revenue. Do you still hold on to that guidance considering whatever is happening in the world, 
crude oil prices, raw material prices going up, so much disruption in shipping and all that? So 
how are you looking at FY27? Do we still hold on to the INR380 crores guidance? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, thank you so much for sharing your wishes and it's indeed an achievement for us as well. 
Particularly the oncology setup is giving us, turning us, to be now revenue generating for us. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Yes, indeed, we are looking forward for the year-over-year growth with the same momentum 
which we have picked up this year.  
 
Means if you see we have already registered 42% this year and we wanted to hold in the similar 
line for the next financial year, where also I have told earlier that oncology will be the main 
driving force in that considering the infrastructure or setup what we are building up in terms of 
our dossiers, in terms of our product development, and in terms of our registrations worldwide. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
So just to summarize, you still expect 40% type of growth next year also. If everything goes 
well. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, that we are actually eyeing for the next financial year with the entire setup ready now for 
taking off. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. And then the second question, sir, is you said this Accord partnership has INR100 
crores revenue potential. So how much of that was realized in FY26 and can we see full revenue 
potential can be realized in FY27? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, actually if you have gone, means earlier whatever has been briefed about in terms of 
Accord, we have nine different molecules and 12 SKUs which have been under tech transfer, 
out of which two already have been done. And based on that we have generated the sales in 
terms of Accord export. So the full potential has not been tapped in the last financial year, which 
we are expecting to come up this year.  
 
So the potential which we are looking forward to, is multiple of that and that ranges between 
INR50 crores to INR100 crores depending upon the partner's reach within the territory of EU 
and the UK. So absolutely you are right that this potential is going to come from Accord's end, 
the business in terms of Accord export this financial year with the nine molecules. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. And can you just shed some light on the 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Tatiya. May we request… 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Sorry, this is a follow-up. This is a follow-up to this question, one clarification. So sir, other 
partners, right, Torrent, Glenmark, Zydus, and Emcure. So maybe all of them put together, what 
is the revenue potential of the rest of the partners? I mean, we know Accord is a very big player 
in the Europe, but how about other players? What kind of revenue potential we are looking at? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
The revenue potential, that is what I mentioned in terms of growth. Means we are looking 
forward for oncology to almost doubling the sale in the next year. That is what we are aspiring 
for considering the infrastructure what we have built in terms of overseas and as well as the 
partners which you have rightly mentioned, the Zydus, Intas, Glenmark, Emcure, and we have 
another 13, 14 domestic players who are adding up to the sales. So that will add up to this overall 
business growth what we are looking forward to. 
Rupesh Tatiya: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you for answering my questions, sir. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Tiwari from Vaikarya. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Avnish Tiwari:  
Hi. How much was the export oncology revenue in fourth quarter and fiscal ‘26 and how much 
are you budgeting for FY27? 
Management: 
Yes, so the fourth quarter export revenue from the oncology business was around INR30 lakh, 
which in comparison to the last quarter year-on-year basis in FY25 was INR22 lakhs. So there 
has been a growth in the exports in the oncology segment. And in terms of the core business that 
we have, in that the export turnover was around INR29 crores in comparison to the last quarter 
of FY25 was 26 crores. And we seem, as stated by Mr. Bikramjit, FY27 we are expecting a 
substantial growth in the exports based on the pipeline that has been created. 
Avnish Tiwari:  
So this INR30 lakh you said, right, for full quarter… 
Management: 
Last quarter. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Export in onco? 
Management: 
Yes 
Avnish Tiwari: 
How much was the domestic oncology revenue in fourth quarter and how much are you 
budgeting for next full year? 
Management: 
The last quarter revenue in oncology domestic is INR31 crores and it would be almost in same 
lines probably more than this in the year to come, quarter on quarter basis. 
Avnish Tiwari: 
Similar or more in the year to come. Okay. Thank you. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitaindra Pradhan from Maximal Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hitaindra Pradhan:  
Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity and hope I am audible. Sir, just to again, you know, 
confirm the numbers. So for us, the onco versus non-onco, if you can give the sales for Q4 and 
FY26 and the oncology exports you mentioned it was INR30 lakhs in Q4, right? I mean, and we 
expect the revenue potential to be INR55 crores to INR100 crores over next two years for the 
nine molecules? If you can confirm that, that would be helpful. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Right. 
Hitaindra Pradhan:  
And sir, what will be the onco versus non-onco like, overall like revenue split? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
This year the revenue... 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Revenue, revenue split, Yes. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
This year the non-oncology, non-oncology is around 62% contribution, whereas the oncology 
contributed to 38% of the total revenue. In comparison to the last financial year where it was 
oncology was only contributing 21% of the total revenue. So this year it is 38%. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
And for Q4, sir? Q4, what was the number, absolute number if you have it? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
In Q4, the absolute number for the oncology business was INR31 crores 46 lakhs and non-
oncology was INR39 crores 64 lakhs. And the export portion was still less, but we expect it to 
pick up. Yes.  
Management: 
That's the second specific to this quarter, it is not an overall trend, but specific to this quarter. 
Hitaindra Pradhan: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the gross margin... 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt you, Mr. Pradhan. May we request you to please rejoin the queue, sir? We 
have participants waiting for their turn. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vedant 
Nilekar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vedant Nilekar:  
Hello. Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator:  
Yes, you are. Please go ahead. 
Vedant Nilekar:  
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations to the management for a great set of numbers. 
So my first question is on the INR1,000 crores, INR800 crores to INR1,000 crores long-term 
revenue guidance that we have given up in the starting remarks. By when can we, by when are 
we looking to achieve it and what will be the key drivers for it? 
Moderator:  
I'm sorry to interrupt, sir. We are unable to hear you. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Hello. Hello. Can you hear us? 
Moderator: 
Yes, now we can. Please go ahead. Yes, sir. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes. Yes, coming back to your query, it is basically as we have been pitching earlier also, the 
oncology is the driving force for moving ahead for us and you can see the, means encouragement 
what we are receiving from the business revenues what we are getting year over year in the past 
couple of years. So what we are looking forward to is almost doubling the sale of oncology in 
the coming two years so that we can initially reach a milestone of around INR500 crores first 
comprising of both the units. So that is the first milestone we are looking forward to maybe 
covering up in next two years. 
Vedant Nilekar:  
Okay, sir. And my second question is on the capacity utilization. If you could please share the 
capacity utilization for the onco plant and how it is expected to scale up in the next two years. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
The oncology plant capacity utilization is still under 30%. Absolute will be around 29% plus. 
So the thing is that this is principally as you can understand from the previous answers that it is 
predominantly the domestic business which is right now contributing for oncology. Now with 
the per unit cost built up with the exports with the oncology products, so you can see that this 
ramp up with the business will increase the capacity utilization accordingly and we can increase 
to around 50% to 55% with around in the next couple of two years what we are projecting in 
terms of revenue to match up for that. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt. May we request Mr. Nilekar to please rejoin the queue, sir? 
Vedant Nilekar:  
Yes, sure. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Gupta:  
Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question was on the growth that we are expecting in the oncology, we are expecting some around 
INR95-100 crores this year, we are planning to reach INR200 crores sales in FY27. So will the 
growth be, be equally divided in the coming few quarters or it will be like back ended because 
the, I think the tech transfer revenues for Intas and Accord product is yet to start. So how should 
we see the growth spread out across the next coming few quarters for oncology segment? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
In that case, I feel a brief background of the current setup what we have built up maybe in the 
last couple of years will help. So as you rightly mentioned, the tech transfer projects are about 
to pick up from the first quarter only of FY27. So it has already started even in this quarter one 
with four right now tech transfer projects approved for Europe and the UK.  
 
Two from Accord, two from, sorry, five are actually there. Two from Accord, two from UK, 
Germany, both Torrent, and another company from the UK. So there are five tech transfer 
projects for which we are right now commercializing the product from the quarter one. Apart 
from that, as I mentioned, there are total nine projects or nine products there for Accord which 
are set to get added right along with that.  
 
And apart from that, we have another couple of tech transfer projects which are currently going 
on in our plant with companies like Glenmark and Emcure. So those will added up to that. So 
this is the technology transfer projects which will start gearing up maybe from the quarter 2 or 
quarter 3 of this year.  
 
Along with that, we have already set up a robust in terms of submission of dossiers which is 
roughly accounting right now around 130 plus dossiers submitted in different regions across the 
world which includes the Europe as well as Australia as well as other emerging markets like 
Africa, Southeast Asia, and Latin American markets. So these 130 plus dossiers will transform 
into marketing authorization or registration of the products so that it can be supplied which will 
start coming from the quarter 2.  
 
Already it has started as already mentioned earlier that we have received two. We are in the 
process of commercializing those products from quarter 1 only. Because there are a number of 
processes which needs to be followed before we go for commercialization particularly to the 
stringent market. But having said that, we have another 220 dossiers which has already been 
shared with the partners.  
 
So that makes up a total figure of 300 plus dossiers which we are looking forward to in next two 
years to get converted into active registration so that we can supply the product to the overseas 
market in terms of exports of oncology products. So this is basically the background I feel will 
give you.  

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
The setup what we currently have 300 registrations or product dossiers which is going into the 
market will transform into registration in one hand, technology transfer from this big 
multinationals like Zydus, Intas, Glenmark, Emcure and other local players. So I feel so this is 
a wide, good mix in terms of exports and import domestic. And we expect that next year it will 
be almost neck to neck in terms of domestic and export in terms of sales considering this export 
registrations will convert into commercial supplies.  
Ankit Gupta:  
Okay, sir. So my question was like from Q1, Q2 onwards, should we start seeing a run rate of 
around INR40 crores in the oncology segment and then, it will increase to INR50 crores, INR60 
crores from Q2 onwards or it will be like, how should we see the growth for oncology in the 
coming few quarters? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, in exports, basically, as I told you, there are a number of sequences which needs to be 
followed. And it does not follow a simple pattern of that it has to be offtake will be there every 
alternate month or every quarter. So it may happen that the entire offtake for a year may happen 
at one go. And particularly oncology is a product where it goes for tender supplies also. So that 
gives a full view of maybe a full take offtake will happen in quarter three only.  
 
So it is very difficult to right now actually set the pattern in terms of that quarter over quarter we 
will be growing on this percent. But having said that, what I have told you, somewhere or the 
other the business will be definitely coming up in terms of product registration or maybe a tech 
transfer project.  
 
Apart from that, we are already supplying some domestic players which is the backbone since 
last two, three years because they are already giving a standard sale of around maybe 30% or 
20% of the business what we are registering in terms of domestic. So I feel so from quarter 2 
basically you can see an outflow of or offtake of export business. But exact pattern is very 
difficult to comment right now. 
Ankit Gupta:  
Sure, sure, sure. Got it, sir. Sir, second question was on the margins. If you look at it, you know, 
in this quarter we have done almost 37% EBITDA margins and, we have always highlighted 
that our margins will remain around 25% to 30% for the combined business with oncology 
scaling up. So, but this quarter we saw a significant improvement in margins for 30 of 37%. So 
what was the reason for the same and how do you see the margins for the company for FY27? 
Management: 
So the margins, the improvement in the margins, I would say that was more towards the 
operational efficiencies and the major contribution to this came from the reduction in the cost of 
productions and as well as the various fixed expenses that we were incurring, the absorption rate 
has improved. So that has led to the improvement in the EBITDA margins. And we look forward 
to have the same trend going forward. 
Moderator:  
Sorry to interrupt. May we request Mr. Gupta to please rejoin the queue. Thank you. The next 
question is from the line of Dhwanil Shah from I Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Dhwanil Shah:  
Good afternoon, sir. Congrats on a great set of numbers and thank you for the opportunity. Am 
I audible? 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Management: 
Yes, Yes, absolutely. 
Dhwanil Shah:  
Yes. Sir, just wanted to check on the gross margin, which the earlier participant was also trying 
to understand, right? I mean, sequentially, sir, if we see our oncology sales are pretty similar, 
INR30 crores, INR31 odd crores, right? So, so there is a gross margin increase of 10, 11%. So 
was there any inventory benefit we got in this quarter particularly? And, and I think we were 
earlier guiding for closer to a INR40 crores run rate for this quarter. And I think we've done only 
INR31 odd crores. So if you can just explain that also, it will be helpful. 
Management: 
So for the margin part of it, we would say that yes, the inventory part of it, which we have been 
able to plan properly. So that has given the advantage on that as well. So the stocking pattern 
has improved. So that has also led to the efficiencies in terms of the cost which has come down. 
And with respect to the sales part of it, Bikramjit can throw some light on that. 
Moderator:  
Does that answer your question, Mr. Shah? 
Dhwanil Shah:  
Yes, I mean, Bikramjit sir was going to revert to the second part on the, on the oncology sales. 
I can't hear him. 
Management:  
Sir, just repeat your query. 
Dhwanil Shah:  
I mean, sir, on the oncology side, I think we were earlier guiding to closer to INR38 crores, 
INR40 crores for this quarter, but sequentially we've been flat on that. Just wanted to understand 
what happened on that? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
More or less just to make sure that we are on track only because there are certain processes 
which needs to be complied with as I told you earlier in terms of exports because you can see 
that already we have 12 registrations which we have received. Now in order to move ahead with 
this registration supplies, so we need to have the number of processes aligned in terms of 
serialization of the product, then we need to have certain artwork approvals, commercials, 
logistics, commercial purchase order, logistics, then we have the supply chain in place.  
 
So the initial supply takes a little bit of time anyway. So whatever we may have planned for, that 
is right on track, maybe a little bit of a few weeks here and there may have happened. But having 
said that, as on date, we have around 23 plus products which have already been submitted in 
different parts and we are expecting the registrations coming up maybe in a few months time. 
So that will pump up the sales whatever we are looking forward to in the coming couple of 
quarters. 
Dhwanil Shah:  
Got it, sir. And, and sir, my, my second question is on the, on the API integration, right? I think 
for our, for the exports to happen to the Europe, I believe that we haven't yet got the approvals 
on the API block, correct? So when do you all expect that to come in? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes. Right now, whatever the APIs we have developed in-house, that is around 21 APIs in 
cytotoxic range. And definitely that will be the objective that we should backward integrate with 
all our products which are going commercially. So as an initial phase what we have already done 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
is that we have already submitted four of our CEP which is required when you are moving ahead 
for the regulated market in terms of integrated API supplies of finished formulation.  
 
Now in that case already we have received two API with CEP, Gefitinib and Capecitabine are 
the two products. So these two products right now we can integrate with our current formulation 
and we can export to all the regulated markets, obviously emerging market is included in that. 
Apart from that, we have also planned for another two API with CEP which have been submitted 
and that also we are expecting maybe in next couple of quarters. So that makes a tally of around 
4 already applied, two we have received.  
 
And we have also planned for five more APIs we have identified which can be integrated 
properly. This all definitely is always based on the commercial visibility what we get from the 
market. So these five will then be submitted accordingly and roughly this takes around six 
months time, it may be a little more depending upon whatever the time you are submitting to the 
application. But in a net or summarized way if I tell, already we have got approval for two in 
terms of 21 APIs which we can right now move ahead for the regulated market.  
 
Two are in process which we can come in next two months and rest five we are planning for in 
the coming few quarters so that we can make the tally total to nine out of 21 which we have 
developed in-house. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Disha: 
Yes. Thank you so much for this opportunity and congratulations, sir, for the great set of 
numbers. So as the previous part, one of the previous participants asked, so we've seen a 
meaningful improvement in our margins and you highlighted the reasons why. So how should 
we look -- so what are the base margins that we're looking at for FY27 and as the oncology 
segment scales up, what are the steady state margins that we can expect at optimal levels? 
Management: 
Yes, as said, the margins we are expecting right now on the same levels that we have been able 
to achieve, but probably yes, the margins would definitely improve as the contribution from the 
oncology improves because oncology gives better margin in comparison to the core business 
that we have. So exact numbers probably we might not be able to tell right now, but yes, the 
trend would be almost increasing in the time to come. 
Disha: 
So this 27%, 28% that we've done on a full year basis, that is sustainable, right? 
Management: 
Yes, that will be sustained, probably improved over that. 
Disha:  
Okay. And sir, how should we look at the tax rate for FY27? 
Management: 
For tax rate for the FY27, we would be moving into the normal tax rates going forward in FY27. 
Disha:  
So around 25%? 
Management: 
25%, yes. 
Disha:  
Okay, okay. That is it from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Turtle Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations for a very good year. Sir, my first question is, 
you know, we talked about the nine, tech transfer with Accord, that is in the pipeline out of 
which two we have already kind of, got approved and we have started supplies. How should we 
look at the timeline in terms of the commercializing the rest seven, eight products which are with 
Accord?  
 
And typically once you, get an tech transfer approval, what's the timeline with which we should 
work in terms of commercials, production and supply to Accord? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Normally the tech transfer, as I mentioned, the seven products are on the pipeline right now. It 
has been submitted in EMA for the approval by the European authority. So one by one they will 
be approved and we can start supplying them. So there is no as such threshold time, but it's the 
normal lead time what basically is required because the product is already there in the market. 
So everything is ready in terms of artwork and everything.  
 
So they will just do a replica here at our facility based on the grant of this variation what they 
have filed and approved. So it can be supplied. So there is no lag phase as such for this approved 
products which are basically coming from Accord. But having said that, the seven products will 
come one by one, maybe we can expect one or two this quarter and maybe the following quarter 
the rest. So once this comes up, then we can start looking for the commercials from there on. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay, okay. And this INR50 crores to INR100 crores number range that we have given from 
this business, is it contingent upon we getting all nine approvals or, you know, certain number 
of approvals that we have factored in and what is the risk of that slipping away because of various 
regulatory reasons? How should we look at that risk of not getting into that INR50 crores to 
INR100 crores number that we are factoring in? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, the number is basically the number which we have derived based on the forecast or business 
plan what we have received from Accord. But again, that is a business plan and there is no 
binding forecast on that. Nobody will give that. That is the practical thing. And Europe being a 
vast or wider region, there are a number of countries included in that.  
 
So estimation of the actual number is very difficult because with 28 countries coming into 
picture. But having said that, that is the reason why we have taken a number of buffers and filters 
on that and we are pitching for INR50 crores out of it. So if any of the products sell less or any 
of the country offtakes gets low, still we will be achieving that number. So that is the full year 
number of INR50 crores to INR100 crores what we can look forward to. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it, got it. And sir, second question on the, so total INR100 crores delta that we are looking 
for the next year, let's say this year we did oncology INR96 odd crores, next year maybe another 
INR90 crores to INR100 crores. So out of that INR50 crores, INR60 crores will come from, the 
tech transfer part, the rest will come from our own brand dossiers which we will launch in 
Europe. Is that understanding, correct?  

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
And if so, are we, are we already kind of, we have got I think 5 approvals, so are we already 
commercializing any of that? How should we see the scale up of our own brand registration in 
Europe to kind of get to that INR100 crores additional number for FY27? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, as I mentioned earlier also, the domestic business whatever we are getting, that will sustain 
the number and have its own growth based on the domestic right now growth of around 10% on 
the oncology segment. But having said that, the export growth will be primarily driven by this 
tech transfer project and our own registrations what we are looking forward to. That is the own 
registration means the exports basically, that is the registration where we have licensed out the 
dossiers and partners have registered the product in the overseas market.  
 
So as I told you, already we have submitted 23 plus 8, so 31 dossiers have already been there in 
the market which are currently under registration and thereby we are expecting that maybe this 
calendar year or maybe this financial year end, this 31, so out of that if we expect also 80% 
coming in, in terms of commercials because we need a commercial lead time of around 120 to 
150 days for the first supply.  
 
So if we consider that by quarter 3 we get around 80% of this registration also which roughly 
comes around 25 registrations, so we will be commercializing this 25 products in this year, this 
financial year and that will boost up the sale what of what we are mentioning earlier also that it 
will catch up the domestic sale from the export part considering the tech transfer and export of 
this registered products. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avnish Burman from Vaikarya. Please go 
ahead. 
Avnish Burman: 
Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Bikramjit ji, just one question on the INR500 
crores ambition that you outlined for the next two years. Can you give some breakup on how 
this INR500 crores is split between one, oncology and non-oncology, and second, within 
oncology, how is it split between onco exports and onco domestic please? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
See, the aspiration is 60 onco, 40 the non-onco because oncology per unit value is always higher 
and our means right now focus as well as the total setup what we have supports that. So we will 
run for that, 60% plus from oncology. And in that also if we look forward to basically it will be 
again a breakup of around maybe 65%, 35% with 65% on the exports and 35% on the domestic. 
Avnish Burman: 
Hello. Am I audible? Hello? 
Moderator: 
 Yes, you are. 
Avnish Burman: 
Yes, Bikramjit, you were saying 65% export and 35% domestic. Did I hear that right? 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Yes, Yes, right. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay, okay. My second question was on the cost increases that the business might be seeing 
because of the Middle East conflict and this could be from various angles, either raw material or 
RNPM or, freight cost, insurance cost, whatever the case might be. How are you handling that? 

 
 
Sakar Healthcare Limited 
 
 
May 15, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Are you passing it on to the customers or are you part passing it, part absorbing it? If you could 
just throw some light on that. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
So first part is that we do not have that much of dependency on the Middle East in terms of our 
present business or maybe the business setup what we have for oncology also, the stake on that 
part is significantly less. The second part is that yes, obviously if something is happening there 
in Middle East, the impact may come over indirectly to us in terms of API or logistic or 
something else.  
 
For that we have already the business contract saying that if there is a significant increase after 
a certain level, we will be passing on to the partners regarding the same. So we are well protected 
from that part as on date. 
Avnish Burman: 
Okay, thanks. I have a couple more, but I'll get back in the queue. Thanks. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. With that, I now hand 
the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Bikramjit Ghosh: 
Thank you everyone for joining the Sakar Healthcare Q4 Financial ‘26 conference call. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sakar Healthcare Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
