KNOWLEDGE MARINE & ENGINEERING WORKS LIMITED 
Ship Builders, Repairers, Charterers and Marine Contractors 
CIN: L74120MH2015PLC269596 
 
   
 
Regd. Office: Unit No. 706-707, The Epicentre, W. T. Patil Marg, Off Eastern Freeway,  
BEST Colony, Near Shivaji Chowk, Chembur East, Mumbai – 400 071 
Phone: 022 – 35374606 | E-mail: info@kmew.in | Website: www.kmew.in 
Listed on BSE & NSE exchange (KMEW | 543273 | INE0CJD01029) 
 
Ref: KMEW/SE/Reg-30/2026-27/11 
 
 
 
  Date: June 12, 2026 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
 
 
BSE Limited  
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
Listing & Compliance Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C-1 Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code 
Symbol 
ISIN 
543273 
KMEW 
INEOCJDO1029 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Earnings Call held on June 05, 2026 on Audited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the Quarter & Year ended March 31, 2026 
 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement) Regulation, 2015, 
as amended, please find attached herewith the Transcript of Earnings Call held 
on June 05, 2026 for the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results 
of Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited (the “Company”) for Quarter 
& Year ended March 31, 2026 and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.kmew.in/investor-information.html 
 
Kindly take the above on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Avdhoot Kotwal  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
AVDHOOT 
AJAY 
KOTWAL
Digitally signed by 
AVDHOOT AJAY 
KOTWAL 
Date: 2026.06.12 
13:26:31 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
FY 25 to 26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUJAY KEWALRAMANI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – KNOWLEDGE MARINE & ENGINEERING 
WORKS LIMITED 
MRS. KANAK KEWALRAMANI – DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KNOWLEDGE MARINE 
& ENGINEERING WORKS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the FY '25 to '26 Earnings Call of 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited. Today on this call, we have 
Mr. Sujay Kewalramani, Chief Executive Officer, along with Mrs. Kanak 
Kewalramani, Director and Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin with this call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This 
conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, 
which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as 
of today. And actual results may differ materially. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
With this, I now hand the call over to Mrs. Kanak Kewalramani for the opening 
remarks and providing brief about financial performance of the company. Over 
to you, ma'am. 
Kanak Kewalramani: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone.  
On behalf of the management team, I would like to welcome all our 
shareholders, investors, analysts and stakeholders to the earnings call of 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited for the financial year 2025-
'26.  
Thank you for joining us and for your continued trust and confidence in 
KMEW.  
FY 25-26 has been a defining year in the evolution of our company. 
 
Over the last decade, KMEW has transformed from a specialized maritime 
services company into an integrated maritime infrastructure platform with 
capabilities spanning dredging, marine chartering and shipbuilding.  
 
As we completed our 10-year milestone during the year, we also entered what 
we believe is the next phase of our growth journey, one driven by scale, 
integration, long-term contracts and National Maritime opportunities.  
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Going ahead with the financial year 26 Financial Performance,  
I am pleased to share that Financial Year 25-26 was another year of strong 
financial and operational execution.  
For Financial Year 26, our consolidated revenue from operations stands at ₹ 
256 crores compared to around ₹ 201 crores in FY 25, reflecting healthy growth 
across business verticals. 
 
More importantly, we maintained robust profitability with an EBITDA of approx 
₹ 97 crores and EBITDA margins of nearly 38%, demonstrating our disciplined 
project selection strategy and operational efficiency. Profit after tax stood at 
approximately ₹ 79 crores, translating into a PAT margin of approx 31%, 
reflecting strong earnings quality and execution excellence. 
 
What is important here is not only the growth in numbers, but the quality and 
sustainability of earnings.  
At KMEW, we continue to remain highly selective in project bidding with a 
strategic focus on contracts that meet our return thresholds and profitability 
expectations. Our objective is not merely to grow revenues, but to create long-
term shareholders value through margin-accretive business opportunity. 
 
Coming to Capital allocation and Balance sheet  
During the year, we also strengthened our financial foundation.  
The successful capital raise has further enhanced our ability to pursue growth 
opportunities while maintaining prudent leverage. We continue to remain 
disciplined in capital allocation and focused on deploying capital only towards 
projects with strong visibility, high returns and strategic relevance. 
 
I would now like to bring in the focus of our stakeholders towards a strong 
order book providing multiyear visibility.  
One of the strongest indicators of our future growth visibility is our order book. 
During the year, we secured the orders of ₹ 1,075 crores, which is highest order 
win in the history of KMEW.  
As of Financial Year 26, KMEW has a diversified order book of approx ₹ 1,400 
crores spread across dredging, charter hire and shipbuilding. Importantly, a 
substantial portion of this order book carries long duration tenure, thereby 
enhancing revenue predictability and cash flow visibility. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
One of the crucial project highlights is the rock dredging contract awarded by 
JNPA for an amount of ₹ 50 crores, which was to be executed over a period of 
three months.  
We are glad to inform that we have successfully executed the contract with 
underwater control drilling and blasting which require high expertise and 
knowledge. For the said project, we also built and develop River Pearl 47, which 
is India's largest and deepest self-propelled backhoe dredger. 
 
Coming to the execution part, we have completed 2 contracts awarded by 
DCI for the capital dredging work at Paradip, with total dredge quantity of 
151,000 valued at INR15 crores.  
We have also successfully completed one more contract awarded by DCI for the 
dredging project to be carried out at Pondicherry port. It is one of the vital 
projects wherein the scope of work involved clearing sediment deposition in the 
port mouth, entrance channel, approach areas and center zone by restoring 
the navigational debt from existing debt levels to the design depth of 5.0 meters 
and 8.0 meters. 
 
Further continuing our journey of the order book, I would now like to 
highlight our strategic breakthrough in Green Tug segment.  
We successfully secured two Green Tug contracts from V. O. C. Port and 
Vishakhapatnam Port, aggregating to ₹ 650 crores in contract value with a 
15-year tenure. These projects represent not just order wins, but our entry into 
a future focused, high-value maritime vertical aligned with India's 
sustainability agenda. 
 
India's maritime sector is undergoing a structural transition under the Green 
Tug Transition Program, which seeks to replace conventional diesel harbor 
tugs with cleaner, more sustainable alternatives over time. We believe KMEW 
is strategically positioned among a select group of domestic players with the 
capability to participate in this transformation.  
The significance of these projects lies beyond their size. These are long tenure, 
high-visibility contracts that strengthens recurring revenue schemes and 
create a scalable platform for future opportunities in green maritime 
infrastructure. 
 
To continue, we have also achieved a very important milestone during the year, 
that is our progress in backward integration through shipbuilding.  
Historically, KMEW has operated marine assets and executed projects. Today, 
we are increasingly becoming a company that can also design, construct, own, 
deploy and maintain maritime vessel internally.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Through our shipbuilding subsidiary, we are executing major Inland 
Waterways Authority of India orders for building cutter suction dredgers and 
ancillary craft, further strengthening our presence in indigenous marine 
manufacturing. 
 
We have also acquired 15 acres of land near Saphale at Palghar district to 
develop a state-of-the-art shipyard facility. The said land is strategically 
positioned in close proximity to the upcoming Vadhvan Port.  
This integration and acquisition enhances our strategic positioning in 3 ways.  
 
First, it improves capital efficiency and reduces dependency on the third-party 
builders; 
Second, it strengthens our ability to participate in India's growing Atmanirbhar 
Bharat-lead maritime manufacturing ecosystem and;  
Third, it creates the potential for higher margin value capture across the 
maritime value chain.  
We see shipbuilding becoming an increasingly meaningful contributor over the 
coming years. 
 
To conclude, at KMEW, we are not merely building a larger company, we are 
building an institution designed for long-term value creation.  
As we enter our next decade, our aspiration remains ambitious but clear, to 
become one of India's most respected and integrated maritime infrastructure 
company while creating sustainable wealth for all stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would like to thank all our shareholders, employees, customers, 
lenders and partners for their continued support and trust in our journey. We 
will now open the floor for questions. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you ma’am. The first question comes from the line of Shubham Kadhi 
with 3A Financial Services. Please go ahead.  
Shubham Kadhi: 
Hello management thank you for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. 
First one is regarding the order book. If we compare our order book given in 
H1, we can see that we have only added 1 additional contract from DCI worth 
₹ 50 Crores that was supposed to be executed mid win. So is there any 
slowdown in order booking or the demand environment or anything as such? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Hi Shubham. This is Sujay Kewalramani. There is no slowdown.  
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt. Your voice is fading away. I would request you to come 
closer to the mic. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Is my voice clear? 
Moderator: 
Much better, sir. Please go ahead. 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So once again, we have a bid pipeline in excess of ₹ 2,000 crores. And these 
orders are expected to flow in over a period of next 3 months. So there is no 
slowdown in either bidding or the upcoming orders. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Okay sir, and what would be the status in the Bahrain sand mining project 
like since it is excluded from the order book right now? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So unless the situation stabilizes, normalizes and its business as usual, we 
don't intend to put any of our vessels in that region at present. So only once 
the situation stabilizes, then we'll look at it. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Okay, sir. And I wanted to understand more about the tax tonnage system. My 
doubt was that suppose if we build ships and sell them. Will the tax tonnage 
system be applicable for the revenue coming from those? Or is it just ships that 
we own and operate? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So tonnage tax scheme is only applicable to operations of vessel and not for 
the profit from the shipbuilding. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Only the ones we operate, right? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Correct. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
And one last question, if I can squeeze in. What plans do we have after raising 
the preference issue that we did? Like do we have any expansion - capex 
expansion plan in the foreseeable future? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So, the pref round that we had done, the capital that we had raised, it's already 
getting deployed in various phases. The same is expected to be utilized over a 
period of 12 to 16 months. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Okay sir, that is all from my end, I wish you the best of luck. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Shukla with Finvestor. 
Gaurav Shukla: 
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask questions sir. I want to ask 
guidance of  FY 27 and FY 28. Any guidance, sir? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So we are projecting a revenue increase of 30% year-on-year for the next 2 
years. 
Gaurav Shukla: 
Okay sir. And EBITDA margins -- blended EBITDA margins, sir? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So our EBITDA margins will continue to remain between 35% to 40%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Gaurav Shukla: 
Second question is regarding order book. Just -- in first call, you said that 
1,000 order booked in this year. So the time line of this order book till when it 
is executed? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So the current order book is to be executed. Some portion of it is long term, 
which is Green Tug orders, which are going to be executed over a period of 15 
years. The balance order book is for execution between 2 to 3 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chintan Parikh with Vyom Capital. 
Chintan Parikh: 
Thank you for allowing me and giving me this opportunity and sir congrats on 
a good set of numbers. Sir, my question, as you mentioned about on the 
VOCPA, the green tug transition program that we got a 15-year contract. So 
this will be built by us in our new Saphale location? Or will it be done through 
third-party manufacturing facilities? And what will be time line and expected 
expenditure for this? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So both the tugs for VOCPA and Vishakhapatnam port are going to be built at 
the Saphale yard by our own team. That's one of the reasons we are developing 
the yard because we want to enter into the construction of green tugs and 
conventional tugs and other small craft. And regarding the time line for 
construction of both the green tugs. The work has already started, major 
components have already been ordered. Post-monsoon, the physical 
construction will commence, which will complete within 9 months of post 
monsoon. 
Chintan Parikh: 
Understood, sir. On the River Pearl 47, I understand that the contract for the 
dredging, the rock dredging contract that we have is going to get over soon or 
already got over. So what is the asset utilization plan for that particular 
machine? And do we have any such assets which will have at least 3 to 4 
months of full period to upcoming monsoon? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So, River Pearl 47 was an asset specially created for rock dredging in and 
around East and West Coast of India. There are several places that we 
identified that have become challenges for major ports like new Mangalore, 
Bombay, JNPA, Vishakhapatnam and Tuticorin, where there is hard strata. 
 
These solutions that are possible using that particular dredger are for smaller 
quantities of rock dredging varying anywhere between 10,000 cubic meters to 
500,000 cubic meters. There are various opportunities and bids at tendering 
stage right now amongst these 5 ports for the utilization of this particular 
vessel. We see utilization in excess of 240 days per year for River Pearl 47 in 
the next at least 2 to 3 years. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Chintan Parikh: 
Okay. Understood, sir. So on the financials, I see that we have a decent 
increase in short-term in current borrowing and jumped to around ₹ 114 
crores, so what was the rationale behind this particular debt? 
Kanak Kewalramani: 
So I would like to answer this question. So the short term borrowings has been 
increased because we have taken for our short duration of the contract, such 
as JNPT, which is going to be repaid in this year itself. So that has increased 
the current borrowing level. Also, there are certain other loans which are going 
to be over in this particular year itself. So that is why that number has been 
jumped up, but company has enough of cash. Company in good position and 
rich in cash, which will be repaid from the internal cash accruals itself. 
Chintan Parikh: 
And then on the Non-current Financial Assets, we saw an increase up to ₹ 340 
crores plus. So what does this include? Is it fixed deposit? Is it the preferential 
equity? 
Kanak Kewalramani: 
These are fixed deposits with a maturity of more than 12 months. So that is 
why it is reflecting in Non-Current Investments. So that is the pref fund that 
we have done, plus our internal accruals plus the fixed deposits that are kept 
in Lien for the bank guarantee facility. 
Chintan Parikh: 
And it includes the preferential equity amount, right? 
Kanak Kewalramani: 
Correct, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Krisha Shah with Mangal Keshav 
Financial LLP. 
Krisha Shah: 
So we've consistently seen that the company has given 40% to 44% of EBITDA 
margins. But if we see the fourth quarter, we have reported margins of 27%, 
and revenue has also fallen slightly. So what would be the reason attributable 
to that? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Hi Krisha, so we were executing 2 contracts, JNPA Capital dredging works 
under Dredging Corporation of India and Pondicherry Fishing Harbor dredging 
works. The JNPA contract was awarded in the month of November 2025 with 
2 months of mobilization and 3 months of execution. Most of the expenditure 
on the contract took place in the quarter 4 of last year, whereas these are 
secular contracts, which have a single-stage payment upon 100% completion. 
And that is why no revenue was recognized in the Q4. The revenue for these 
contracts, the last final bill for the Pondicherry contract and the JNPA contract 
will be recognized in quarter 1 of this year. 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Situation where you find that the EBITDA margin has shrunk. But spread over 
the Q4 and Q1, if the EBITDA margin is to be calculated, it will be more than 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
40%. And if we take out expenditures made over both of these projects from 
Q4, the EBITDA margin will be above 40%. 
Krisha Shah: 
Okay. That's helpful. And one more question on the tonnage tax regime. Now 
that we have nearly 0% of taxes for the year, can we get some color on what 
percentage of the fleet or -- because it's -- based on tonnage, what percent of 
the fleet would currently be eligible under the scheme? Or is it all of it? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Any vessels that are being chartered to government of India or any private 
entity or engaged in any of the dredging work. So that particular segment, we 
will fall under the tonnage tax scheme. The shipbuilding subsidiary or the 
revenue generated from the shipbuilding, even in Knowledge Marine at this 
stage will fall under the corporate tax. 
 
Going forward, it will be easy to bifurcate between the two because Knowledge 
Marine & Engineering Works Limited would be carrying out the vessel 
chartering and dredging business, which will fall under the tonnage tax scheme 
and subsidiary of Knowledge Marine, which is Knowledge Shipyard, shall be 
doing the shipbuilding activity will fall under corporate tax. 
Krisha Shah: 
Okay and one last question. So with the long-term borrowing being increased 
and we also did a preferential issue recently, do we have any specific capex 
plan over the next 12 to 18 months? Or do we see any expansion towards the 
shipbuilding? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So the capex plan presently includes buying of 2 dredgers, adding about 
12,000 cubic meter of hopper capacity. This same can be implemented as early 
as less than 90 days, if all the things fall in place as desired by the company. 
Also, we are spending money for building and developing the shipyard at this 
stage. So yes, that is a long-term plan, which will take at least a year for 
development of the shipyard. But the capex that is to be done on the dredgers, 
the larger dredgers will be done as early as three months. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vishal Verma with Convergence 
Capital. 
Vishal Verma: 
Hi thank you for giving me this opportunity and congratulations for the whole 
team for River Pearl 47. I had a few questions, which is being answered 
beautifully by you regarding the EBITDA as well as the debt. Now I have one 
or two questions, actually. So the outstanding of ₹ 24 crores from dredging 
cost, for which you have already received ₹ 8 crores and the rest ₹ 16 crores is 
outstanding. So if you give update on that by when can we receive as well as if 
there is any litigation risk for that ₹ 16 crores? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So we completed the Mangrol dredging contract under DCI for Mangrol Fishing 
Harbour for government of Gujarat. We had to build for the dredging work, so 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
a unit rate contract, we did certain additional work in terms of additional 
tolerance that was required. There was some idling and there was an interest 
cost. So instead of going for litigation, we have tried to work with the DCI and 
the state government, and we have received 2 out of the 3 additional claims 
preferred by the contractor. The third one is currently being discussed at 
various stages, and we are hopeful that we shall receive the same in the current 
financial year. 
Vishal Verma: 
Got it. And the second question I had is, we are entering into shipbuilding. So 
if you can help us understand what type of ships or what is the size of ships 
you are planning to build? Is it full-fledged big vessels or smaller vessels or 
patrolling vessels kind of ships? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So the yard is being designed for vessels from the length of 10 meters to 120 
meters total length and with a beam of close to 20 meters max and a draft of 5 
meters. There are various vessels which shall fall within this category being  
mooring boats, tug boats, surveys boats, oil tankers, barges, and they are 
required all over the globe, including India and the neighboring countries as 
well. So we are looking at smaller vessels, not the larger vessels. 
Vishal Verma: 
Okay. So we have also plan of exporting these ships, right, to other countries? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So we are doing marketing right now, in Europe. Once the yard is fully ready 
and functional, we have tied up with various designers who work with the ship 
owners in Europe and the designs that can be made functional still within this 
yard with the layout, we are projecting to deliver 14 vessels. When the yard is 
fully functional, that is being able to build and deliver 14 vessels per year. And 
we are currently marketing that. We believe the export orders will start flowing 
in either Q3 or Q4 of the current financial year. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sarang Joglekar with Vimana Capital. 
Sarang Joglekar: 
So thanks for the opportunity, my question is on the capex. FY 27, what is the 
capex number you're looking at? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Hi Sarang, we are looking to incur and do capex between ₹ 400 crores to ₹ 500 
crores in the current financial year. 
Sarang Joglekar: 
Understood. how will be split, dredgers and shipyard? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So close to ₹ 100 crores is on the shipyard. Balance will be acquisition of 
dredgers and tugs for the company. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
 
Sarang Joglekar: 
Understood. And currently, how much is your cash balance, including the fixed 
deposits? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So it stands in excess of ₹ 350 crores. Some of it is actually lien marked towards 
some of the bank guarantees given to various ports. So free cash flow would be 
close to ₹ 300 crores. 
Sarang Joglekar: 
₹ 300 crores is available for capex, right? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Yes. 
Sarang Joglekar: 
Understood. And the rest of it, you'll be able to do it through your internal 
accruals. 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
It will be either through debt or we will see, if required, we'll look at the equity 
route as well, depending on the current market situation and the availability 
of the vessels in the market. 
Sarang Joglekar: 
Your operational cash flows are also pretty strong. So that's what I'm trying to 
understand this  ₹ 500 crores is pretty good, I mean, achievable.  
Sujay Kewalramani: 
It is pretty much achievable, we always try to retain certain cash in the 
company, 30% of the top line that is to be achieved by the company. We usually 
keep that in cash balances. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pankaj Sachdeva with Avis Capital. 
Pankaj Sachdeva: 
Hi Good afternoon, firstly thanks a lot for the opportunity. Secondly, I 
apologize, I joined a little late and I missed the update management gave. So 
my apologies if my question is covered as part of that. So I have two questions. 
One is regarding the Q3 investor call we actually did last time. And there were 
two things which were mentioned over there. One was about the top line. 
 
We were told that ₹ 90-odd crores top line, which we achieved in Q3 is kind of 
new normal for us, but we see a meaningful decrease in Q4 numbers. And I 
just heard that you explained one of the projects, the billing got carried forward 
to Q1. Is that the reason of that dip? And if yes, then what is the quantum of 
billing we are looking forward to achieve out of that in Q1? 
 
In the same meeting, we were also told that the Debtors days would be in the 
range of 45 to 60-odd days. And then we were planning to achieve those 
numbers by end of this financial year, which we concluded. But the numbers 
which are presented to us, they show a very different picture. So if you can just 
help us putting some more color on that. I have a second question, I will ask 
once you are able to respond on this. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Hi Pankaj, I would like to answer the first question. The guidance was on 
margins and revenue will continue to increase, not sustain the same. So a little 
clarity on that. But in terms of margins, we will continue to have similar 
margins. Regarding the debtor days, we said that we -- it falls between 45 to 
60 days, and we are trying to bring them within that range. 
Pankaj Sachdeva: 
But we are still as we speak, we are quite far away from that, right? Is there a 
reason for that? Or I mean is there some one long outstanding which is kind 
of hitting us on that? Or is there something else? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So that's the ₹ 16 crores outstanding that I discussed in the call before. That's 
only one of the outstanding. That is not the regular billing. That's the claim 
that we have preferred that you are seeing, which is one-off, not for each and 
every billing. 
Pankaj Sachdeva: 
Okay. And regarding the top line, sir, what is the new normal we should expect 
on a quarterly note? I know you explained the guidance of 30 and odd percent 
growth on top line for the next 2 years. Is there some quarterly guidance we 
can expect? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So see, typically, during the monsoon Quarter 1 and Quarter 2 monsoon 
months, it is lower. As soon as the monsoons get over, the seasons opened up 
in the third and fourth quarter, the numbers are higher than the first and 
second quarter. I would like to restrict myself to a yearly number rather than 
the quarterly number at this stage. 
Pankaj Sachdeva: 
No problem, thank you. And my second question is regarding the overseas 
subsidiaries, both Bahrain and Myanmar. On Bahrain, we saw a good top line, 
₹ 20-odd crores with a negative EBITDA or negative margins on that account. 
That's one. On Myanmar, we see a significant drop on our revenue from last 
financial year. Can you help with some color on that? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So Bahrain, we presently are not doing any operations. The vessel has been 
moved out and it has been gainfully deployed in India. As I mentioned in the 
earlier question, once the situation normalizes, there is good opportunity there, 
but we are presently not looking to put the vessel at risk wherein there is no 
evacuation plan from there, proper evacuation plans and proper insurance 
covers. So once the situation normalizes, we will recommence the operations 
in Bahrain. 
 
Presently, there is no ongoing work in Myanmar. Even the vessel that was 
engaged in Myanmar has been gainfully deployed in the Port of Ghogha in the 
state of Gujarat right now. So that is the reason. So once the Myanmar 
contracts come up again and we have additional fleet, additional vessels 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
available for that contract, you would see revenues flowing in from that 
segment as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. Since there is No response from the participant, we move to 
the next participant who is Saurabh Gupta with Financially Free. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Sir, you have just mentioned that Q4, our revenue got dipped because of one-
off event and the same reason for dip in the margin. So if I adjust that and see 
our full year picture, then full year might be 30% growth with 40% EBITDA 
margin. So if we adjust and see the numbers, so as you have just told in your 
opening remarks that you are aspiring or doing vision of 30% growth in FY 27 
and 28 with margin of 35% to 40% so is my understanding correct that going 
forward, our margin may dip 1% to 2% because of the pre opex that we are 
doing? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
No, the margin should not dip. We always try to sweat the asset better and 
better year-on-year. So margins tend to improve going forward. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So if I adjust and see the number, our EBITDA margin for the year of FY 26 
around 40%. So are you saying that this 40% can reach 40% to 41% in coming 
year? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
There is a fair chance for that. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Okay. And the second question that I have, FY 26 capex, as you have told 
around ₹ 500 crores. So what is the funding mix for that? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So we have current cash in hand. Also, we have aligned debt. And if further 
future projects that can be executed by the company, then we will even look at 
the equity option. So these are the 3 avenues available for us. We will look at 
cash and debt first before looking at the equity option. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
Okay, sir. And the last question that I have is on tonnage tax sir. So what will 
be the tonnage tax that is applicable on us in FY 27 or 28 going forward on a 
consolidated basis? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So tonnage tax is multiplier of the GRT (Gross Registered Toonage) of the 
vessels. It's a typical calculation. It will depend on if we add further vessels to 
the fleet. But the percentage will not go beyond 0.1% of our revenue, which is 
from chartering or dredging services. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
So on a consolidated basis, what percentage of tax we can see in FY 27 and 
going forward? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
We are looking at shipbuilding revenue, which will grow year-on-year. For the 
current year, we believe the shipbuilding mix will be 20% from shipbuilding, 
80% from dredging and chartering services. 
 
So the 20% revenue generated from shipbuilding and the resultant tax shall 
attract corporate tax and balance 80% of the revenue generated from the 
chartering and dredging services shall attract tonnage tax. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Shubham Kadhi with 3A Financial 
Services. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Hello sir thank you for the opportunity again, so I can see that the other 
expense increased a lot this quarter and it was the same last Q4 FY 26 as well. 
So is there any seasonality aspect in this? Or how do I see it? 
Kanak Kewalramani: 
So, in quarter 4, the other expense will always be higher as compared to the 3 
quarters One of the reason is the CSR expense that we do in quarter 4, but 
down the line, we will streamline that as well. We will bifurcate the CSR in 
third quarters or fourth quarters coming ahead. And some of our expenses 
relating to insurance and other falls on Q4. And the number of vessels that we 
add will attract other expenses as well. And the 2 projects that we told JNPT 
and Pondicherry also had some of the expenses fall in other expenses. So that 
is how the other expenses have increased. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Okay. Can you give the quantum of the revenue that was delayed from Q4 to 
Q1 on JNPA and Pondicherry? 
Kanak Kewalramani: 
It would be approximately ₹ 60 crores. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Okay. And do we see any impact of the West Asia war on our operations as 
such, except Bahrain? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So there has been a substantial rise in fuel price in purchase of bulk fuel. But 
then all of our contracts have a fuel pass-through. So it hasn't resulted into 
any negative impact on the company. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Okay sir, thank you very much and if I can squeeze one last one. What sort of 
EBITDA margin do we see in the shipbuilding side of the business? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So we usually see an EBITDA margin of 35% to 40% in the dredging. For the 
shipbuilding, before the subsidy, it will lie between 25% to 30%. If we build in 
the subsidy, it will fall under the same 35% to 40% range. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
Why is that, sir? 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So presently, the government of India provides for a subsidy of varying between 
10% to 15% on various vessel construction. So excluding the subsidy coming 
in from Government of India, the EBITDA margins will be 25% to 30%. If we 
include the subsidy amount, then it will be between 35% to 40%. 
Shubham Kadhi: 
And we get the subsidy when we start our operations only, right? Or is there a 
delay or a lag? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
No, the subsidy is applied on each and every vessel that is built by the 
shipbuilding Company and is applicable to each and every vessel. It's applied 
before the construction of the vessel. And usually, the decision on the subsidy 
comes in within 60 days of application. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vishal Verma with Convergence 
Capital. 
Vishal Verma: 
Sorry, I forgot to remove this from my queue. I had a question regarding the 
fuel pass-through contract that has just been answered. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Nikhil, an individual investor. 
Nikhil: 
Hello everyone, actually I have one question. Can management share the 
current bid pipeline for FY 26 - 27 segregated into domestic contracts being 
quoted and international contracts being quoted? Further, what is the 
approximate value of each segment and where the management see the highest 
probability of order wins? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So presently, the ₹ 2,000 crores bid pipeline that we have as of today is for all 
domestic orders only. And we are not looking for adding any international 
orders. For the quarter three and quarter four, we will start adding 
international orders for the shipbuilding segment. 
 
Out of the ₹ 2,000 crores bid pipeline that we have, the dredging shall be close 
to ₹ 950 crores. The shipbuilding order book will be close to ₹ 400 crores and 
the balance ₹ 600 crores towards the green tugs. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pankaj Sachdeva with Avis Capital. 
Pankaj Sachdeva: 
I have a very quick question. We can see a short-term borrowing in the balance 
sheet. We also see a ₹ 270-odd crores fixed deposit on the balance sheet. So 
I'm sure financially, it's not a prudent decision to have both the things lying at 
the same point of time. Is there a business reason or that's more of a conscious 
decision you guys have taken? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So the short-term borrowing was for a particular project in JNPT. And the cash 
that you see is particularly designated for a capex acquiring of a particular 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
vessel. So if some component of that cash was to be utilized for this project, 
then we would have fallen short in the acquisition. So it's a conscious decision. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harsh Shah with Avener Investment 
Management. 
Harsh Shah: 
So I had a question on the subsidiary. What would be our shareholding in the 
subsidiary? And who would be the other shareholders for the shipbuilding 
subsidiary? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So in the shipbuilding subsidiary, Knowledge Marine today is holding 51%. 
And we had acquired the shipyard and the other Taloja facility from the 
previous owners and the people working with the company. And going forward, 
that 51% will be increased to 75%, which will be owned by Knowledge Marine 
and the rest will be a mix of a few of the other past owners and upcoming 
shareholders. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And how would be the capital infusion in the subsidiary be? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So presently, it is in the form of equity and equity will be infused in proportion 
to the shareholding. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And second question would be on how is the green tug construction 
progressing? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
So in detail, various components, machineries, thrusters, all those orders have 
been placed. The yard is being constructed. The assembly line is being laid. We 
believe as soon as the monsoon is over, you will see physical construction of 
the tug taking place. And before or somewhere through the mid of the 
upcoming monsoon in the year 27, you will see the green tugs fully 
constructed. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Saurabh Gupta with Financially Free. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
As you have just mentioned that ₹ 60 crores of revenue of Q4 has been spill 
over to Q1. So is the understanding correct that Q1, we can see ₹ 110 crores 
or ₹ 120 crores of revenue with around 40% of EBITDA margin? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
See, this revenue of ₹ 60 crores will be recognized in Q1. I believe it is going to 
be more than ₹ 100 crores, the revenue for Q1 and EBITDA margins should be 
an improvement than 40%. 
Saurabh Gupta: 
More than 40%? 
Sujay Kewalramani: 
Yes. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited 
 
 
June 05, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, we would take this as the last 
question for today. Any further questions can be e-mailed to the IR of the 
company. On behalf of Knowledge Marine & Engineering Works Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
