 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
One 97 Communications Limited  
 
compliance.officer@paytm.com  
 
www.paytm.com 
Corporate Office - One Skymark, Tower-D, Plot No. H-10B, Sector-98, Noida-201304 
 
T: +91120 4770770     F: +91120 4770771  
CIN: L72200DL2000PLC108985 
 
Registered Office - 136, First Floor, Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019 
 
 
July 27, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543396 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department,  
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
Symbol: PAYTM 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the earnings conference call conducted on July 21, 2026 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call, conducted on July 21, 2026, 
on unaudited standalone and consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 
June 30, 2026.  
The transcript is also available on the website of the Company at https://ir.paytm.com/financial-results. 
Kindly take the same on record.  
Thanking you  
Yours Sincerely, 
 For One 97 Communications Limited  
  
Sunil Kumar Bansal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS: 4810 
 
Encl:. as Above 
 
 
 
SUNIL 
KUMAR 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by 
SUNIL KUMAR 
BANSAL 
Date: 2026.07.27 
11:47:19 +05'30'

Paytm | Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Call |  
Call Date : July 21, 2026 | Time: 3:30 PM Indian Standard Time 
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Disclaimer: By reading this call transcript you agree to be bound as follows: This earnings call with the 
management of One 97 Communications Limited (“Company”) is for information purposes only without 
regards to specific objectives, financial situations or needs of any particular person and is not and nothing 
in it shall be construed as an invitation, offer, solicitation, recommendation or advertisement in respect of 
the purchase or sale of any securities of the Company or any affiliates in any jurisdiction or as an 
inducement to enter into investment activity and no part of it shall form the basis of or be relied upon in 
connection with any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. This earnings call does 
not take into account, nor does it provide any tax, legal or investment advice or opinion regarding the 
specific investment objectives or financial situation of any person. The information to be presented and 
discussed on this earnings call is confidential and proprietary to the Company and/or its affiliates and no 
part of it or its subject matter be used, recorded, reproduced, copied, distributed, shared, or disseminated, 
directly or indirectly, to any other person or published in whole or in part for any purpose, in any manner 
whatsoever. Statements or comments made on this earnings call may include certain statements that are, 
or may be deemed to be, “forward-looking statements” and relate to the Company and its financial 
position, business strategy, events and courses of action. Forward-looking statements and financial 
projections are based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made 
and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or 
results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and financial 
projections. We, or any of our affiliates, shareholders, directors, employees, or advisors, as such, make no 
representations or warranties, express or implied, as to, and do not accept any responsibility or liability 
with respect to, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of any information or opinions 
contained herein and accept no liability whatsoever for any loss, howsoever, arising from any use or 
reliance on the information presented and discussed in this earnings call. The information contained 
herein is subject to change without any obligation to notify any person of such revisions or change and 
past performance is not indicative of future results. It is clarified that this earnings call, and the 
information discussed and presented herein, is not intended to be an offer for subscription or sale of any 
securities or inviting offers or invitations to offer or solicitation to offer from the public (including any 
section thereof) or any class of investors. No rights or obligations of any nature are created or shall be 
deemed to be created by the information presented and discussed on this earnings call. This document has 
not been and will not be reviewed or approved by a regulatory authority in India or by any stock exchange 
in India. No rights or obligations of any nature are created or shall be deemed to be created by the 
contents of this document.  
______________________________________________________________________________________  
  
Moderator: A warm welcome everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call for the quarter ended June 30, 
2026. As always we are going to do this earnings call with management videos switched on. 
  
We welcome attendees to ask a question with their videos on or off as they prefer. To ask a question you can 
raise your hand through your Zoom dashboard and we will promote you as a panelist to ask your question. 
Today from Paytm's management we have with us Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma Founder and CEO Mr. Madhur 
Deora President and Group CFO and Mr. Anuj Mitral Senior Vice President Investor Relations. In today's call 
some statements made may be forward looking in nature. Actual events may differ materially from those 
anticipated in such forward looking statements. This earnings call is scheduled for 45 minutes. A replay of the 
call and transcript will be made available on the company's IR website subsequently. 
  
I would now like to invite our Founder and CEO Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma to share his opening remarks. Over to 
you Vijay. 
  

Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Thank you. Hello everyone. It was quite a quarter and I am very happy that as a 
team that we have been able to execute it so well. The consumer payment business is something that is very 
close to me and we have talked about how we are growing double the market growth of the UPI market which 
effectively means we are gaining market share. Even though the GMV market share is what is publicly talked 
about, the number of transaction market share we are actually going even further than that. So, more retail 
customers are using us on a higher frequency. 
  
And I personally carry a benchmark in my mind and that benchmark that I carried is about the let's say January 
2024 as a milestone where we sort of went through a special situation and I can happily tell you that we just 
crossed the January 2024 daily transacting user, daily active user or any other KPI that we could have kept. So, 
the past is behind us and now we are having cash in our hand and the aggression in our mind and body. So 
going forward special attention in an aggressive way I would put the word on consumer market acquisition or 
merchant acquisition very clearly there. 
  
The best part is that we've learnt our art of building the business where you can say if I was to look at let's say 
how do you make a profitable and growing profit business and we've been able to pull that up very very well. 
Going forward, as you would have seen that we have had a profitability increase I would believe that I think we 
should be able to increase our profitability further in consequent quarters right away onwards and then 
obviously the revenue growth will mean larger profit and I'm saying it because we basically learnt that you 
should not recklessly spend money on acquiring consumers or acquiring merchants if they are not monetizable. 
So we've been able to grow the market share with the discipline that we want a selective customer. We just 
don't want market share for the heck of it. We want monetization and consumer monetization is something 
that we are very proud of.  
 
We talked about it last time we are looking at monetization using wealth beyond our credit and other financial 
services that we talk about any which way so if you were to look at a year forward I think wealth will become or 
equity brokerage and mutual fund distribution, although we are not wealth wealth in a traditional industry calls 
wealth but we are talking about wealth as an overall internal bucket we put equity brokerage mutual fund this 
is one area, that is very bright spot. I'm putting a lot of my attention there payment sort of a product market fit 
consumer and merchant both together; more aggressive growth and credit, as you are aware we are doing 
pretty good, I think there is no aggressive instance required rather there because it is running perfectly well it 
will go towards wealth which is where the aggression is required.  
 
Beyond that comes the most important and consequent technology of our time and this is AI. So I'm currently 
working on business and revenue line items that are non-payment, non-financial services. I fundamentally 
believe that moving ahead of the optimization journey, we will start to see our revenue monetization journey 
of AI. I'm very happy that some of our products have started showing up few lakhs of revenue but it is 
important to know that we are going to let's say couple of quarters later, I wish less than a year, I'm able to say 
this line item which will anyways go into commerce cloud the traditional erstwhile marketing cloud business 
that we used to have it in that line item and that is the personally these two line items that I'm personally 
focused on. 
 
Thank you so much for all the support and guidance that you've always given us in these journeys and days.  
 
I'm very happy to announce, and you saw this, that we are now joined by three more new independent board 
directors bringing new attention towards technology, business, finance and globalization. With this we can start 
with the questions. 
  
Moderator: Thanks Vijay. We will start our Q&A now. The first question is from Mr. Manish Adukia from 
Goldman Sachs followed by Mr. Sachin Salgaonkar from Bank of America. Manish you may please go ahead. 
  
Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Hi Vijay, Madhur it's good to see you and fantastic set of results 
congratulations on that. I wanted to delve a little bit deeper on the shareholder letter and some of the 

numbers and the results. Madhur may be the first question is ​to you. So on EBITDA margin when you say that 
now you have higher visibility on the 15-20% margin number in the next two to three years, one are you saying 
that you can get to that number sooner than what you had thought and two when you say higher margin in the 
long term, is there a theoretical number you have in mind and how should we think about what that higher 
margin in the long term may look like? That's my first question please. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Yeah I think at the core of it Manish the reason why we're saying what we're saying is that 
the revenue growth acceleration and the fact that indirect expenses are growing significantly slower than 
revenue growth, so that's what's giving us confidence to make both the statements that you pointed out. 
Which is that we should be able to get to we have higher confidence of getting to that number and perhaps 
getting to it sooner and we do think that AI structurally not only accelerates operating leverage, it also expands 
the opportunity for higher margins over time, because you're just able to do more with less and we have been 
able to deploy a huge number of applications and agents within our business which are helping us become very 
efficient and we have talked about that in one of the pages in the deck, so yes we are saying that both of those 
things are starting to come true. 
  
Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs: My question also was in the long term when you say higher margins, do you 
have a theoretical number and minus where you can get to? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: We aren't giving a number for that right now because as you know it's a trade-off between 
just pursuing more growth and building an even larger business, which we absolutely think we have an 
opportunity to do in the areas that Vijay mentioned and that will require investments, so it is but yes structural 
margins for our business are significantly higher than the 15-20% which we have said we will achieve in the 
near term. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: The thing is that we probably announced 8% of EBITDA margin this quarter. There is 
going to be a ramp up from here. It has to grow forward. I know you are seeking a terminal number and 
Madhur is saying that it is more than 15-16% EBITDA margin, so the direction is that we are talking about 
higher profitability and high profit both together. 
  
Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs: Very clear and maybe a follow-on on that one is when we think about growth 
which you are saying Madhur has been accelerating and it's visible in numbers as well with Postpaid ramping 
up now, you've started onboarding online merchants from late last year, consumer payments business is seeing 
market share gains. With all of these together, are there any hurdles or downside risk to revenue? For example, 
if you grew 28% YoY, are there any downward pressures on revenues at all in the foreseeable future? 
  
I'm not asking for a number as to what you can grow to, but just trying to think about whether the accelerated 
revenue growth momentum will continue in the foreseeable future or are there any downside risks that we 
should be aware of? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I think the great thing about this growth that we're seeing is that it is in nearly every 
business. So, we're seeing that in our payments to small merchants, payments to large merchants, consumer 
payments that you mentioned, and in financial services; we're also seeing some of the smaller businesses 
growing very fast, you mentioned Postpaid which is a good example of that. So we're seeing that growth pretty 
much across the board and we think, having achieved this number, we should aim for even higher. 
  
Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs: Very clear. My other question was actually on Postpaid. Now you've 
qualitatively talked about the business doing well or ramping up and F28 being a year when it meaningfully 
adds to both revenue and EBITDA but when I look at let's say your earlier peak of Postpaid which was about Rs 
9000 crores in 2023, we’re I'm guessing a lot lower than that number. Now again, directionally is there any 
reason why the company should not be able to get to that number at some time in the future? I'm not asking 
for a timeline but maybe 3 years, 4 years, 5 years. Are there any hurdles for you to not get to that number or 

directionally you are tracking to reach that number at some point in time? Your thoughts there would be 
helpful. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: The market opportunity is massive. The customers love it and the product market fit for 
this product is excellent. It is really serving a need and there is no reason why this journey should be any 
different. The only thing I would add to that is that it took us about 4 and a half, 5 years last time to get to 
those numbers. Currently, we are tracking roughly twice as fast. I'm not saying that if it took us 5 years last 
year, it will take us 2 and a half years. I'm not saying that. Currently we are tracking twice as fast as you would 
expect that we are ramping up this product. This product is ramping up with all users, new users, everyone, just 
really, really well. 
  
Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs: Very clear. Last question before I jump in the queue. Cash on the books and 
thank you again for the color and the shareholder letter on cash in the books, very helpful. But is it to say that 
from a foreseeable future perspective there are no large uses of cash either in terms of M&A or inorganic 
opportunity that you may look to deploy and you're happy to have the cash build up in the books. Your 
thoughts on that? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: 100%. Cash is the spine and strength. I wish that we have INR 40,000 crore cash. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I would just add one thing that compared to when this discussion started a year ago, not 
only do we have INR 13,500 crores of cash, we are now also adding a significant amount of cash. I love the fact 
that we are a free cash flow generating business. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Actually, me and Madhur were discussing some days back and we see a stress in 
fintech ecosystem because either you go public and then you learn the new reasons for feeling uncomfortable 
or you in private round, try to find out what is the reason for you to do what you want to do. I think people 
should get further stressed, stressed, further discounting and that time the cash and the equity will be valued. 
Cash is way more valuable. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: So Manish, while we are adding cash to our balance sheet, we are also very actively 
looking for within the existing perimeter of what we do, what are good RoI ideas. So we have called out in the 
past that MTF has been a portion of our fund, a very small percentage of our funds so far which is giving us 
very good ROI. I love that because it is a good RoI use of our cash and it also furthers our mission as a company 
in terms of serving our customers better. We are continuously looking for more opportunities within the 
business, mostly organic, maybe a few inorganic if there is the right opportunity and right valuation. 
  
Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs: Thank you. As always, great chatting with both of you. Thanks and all the 
best. 
  
Moderator: Thanks, Manish. We will take the next question from Sachin. Sachin, please go ahead. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thanks Anandita. Congrats management for a great set of numbers. I have three questions, 
let me go one by one. First question, would love to get a bit more color in terms of you know how the loan 
book is moving, what is the mix between let's say a merchant loan and consumer loan and you know any data 
points you could share in terms of merchant partners and how the growth is happening. 
 
And the second part of the same question is, Vijay you did mention about equity and wealth management 
scaling. So, any sense in terms of what is the mix today between lending and let's say wealth management and 
how that mix could change in future? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: First of all, Sachin, I'd say most of our profit is made from merchant side and 
consumer side we are driving, we have by the way grown now, quarter on quarter, and I mean the numbers 
which were flat or a little bit of flat and declining are significantly ramped up and we have crossed year on year 

number like I told you, Jan-24 number for even consumer credit if you will. But the intent here is that we have 
done all of it mostly without requiring any FLDG so we sort of are distribution led on the consumer side. But at 
the same point of time the most percentage still 80-20 wise would be towards the merchant side. 
  
Quality is good, that is why it is growing. In fact there is much more interest from a number of partners but we 
remain committed to remain a purely distribution company and we don't have interest to put a book on this 
business at all. We have queued small finance banks and I would say even the large banks are there now. So a 
couple of large banks have got activated. Partner wise we have more capital; I would say probably four to six 
times more capital than we are disbursing right now. So that is not a limiting factor. 
  
Then comes the percentage between wealth and this. Oh my intention is that when I say this is my focus area 
I'm trying to say what I'm trying to rejuvenate to a sizable number and wealth is not a material number in these 
two numbers if you were to ask me and it is sizeable but not so sizeable that I think we would start showing up. 
The good thing is that it shows up as a subsidiary so people are able to see the P&L of that entity. It is there and 
I do believe that there is an upside. We just found a secret in MTF. We got money, we got equity, we got equity 
capital, we got customers, the market needs it. So there is a product market fit. 
 
So Sachin, my intention when I say I'm focusing I probably am trying to discover the perfect product market fit 
among every other person and in wealth we seem to be reaching that milestone, and after that four more 
quarters and then you will see size. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I just wanted to add one quick thing. You asked about the number of lending partners. I 
want to take this opportunity to say that that has been one of the key achievements last year in both Merchant 
Loan and Personal Loan, we are now a double-digit number of partners and the new partners who have joined 
more recently are also ramping up very well. So, we have really good legs for the next several years. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Thanks. My second question is a follow-up on your earlier answer in terms of margins. Let's 
say the 8% margin goes to your 15 to 20% more like a medium-term target which you guys have mentioned. 
That itself is a sort of a sharp improvement in margins. What we saw let's say this quarter was roughly 9 
percentage points improvement led by indirect cost on a YoY basis on margins. So the question out here is 
what are the primary drivers of margins going ahead? Is it continued reduction in indirect cost because of the 
scale benefits? Is it some AI led benefits and if so would you help us quantify on what the magnitude could be 
or is there a mixed change which is driving those margins? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I think all of those are similar points. At the core of it, we have a very fast-growing business 
with huge opportunities to expand, for example, penetration of financial services, not to mention improve the 
unit economics of the payments business. We have a fast-growing top line. Indirect costs, structurally there is 
operating leverage in the business and AI makes it even better. So what you see, Indirect expenses is a 
percentage of revenues going down and the underlying reason for that is indirect expenses are going at a very 
slow pace whereas revenue is growing at a fast pace. I should mention that we continue to invest in areas that 
matter. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: The cost of people has increased especially the expansion of merchants and 
consumers business. Basically, AI is a distribution business. Let me use this as a metaphor of my learning of AI 
business. When you have your financial services business powered by AI, the differentiation will be how many 
customers you have and what you do with them. Customer, customer quality, monetization and monetization 
ability, these are the factors that multiply once you add the power of AI. The gating condition of harnessing the 
power of AI is what distribution you are sitting at. Because nearly everybody could build what you build up 
after some time, like always. 
  
So here it is, that we will continuously and I use the word aggressively continue to invest in consumer 
expansion, merchant expansion and expansion of financial services. Powered by AI stands for that our costs are 
dramatically optimized. One slide that I created and we put it in the tweet also I think where I said that our 

merchant distribution, in a way the small business merchant acquisition is now governed by the agent where 
the person is identifying what our field sales executives must do. It is all made in-house and I have started to 
find out use-cases of this going to the third party customers also. 
  
So now you're seeing that we are flat; practically if you do not look at the cost of I'd say sales people or 
marketing expense then the organization is now flat or reducing cost quarter on quarter. Like I always said it I 
mean I remember that I think a couple of quarters back it used to carry how much more saving you could see. I 
said this is always this continuous. There is no special quarter special that we are trying to do in this quarter 
and that you would have seen the trend is continuing. 
  
What we are seeing is that there is a growth of revenue that is the magical part that we have started to show in 
the why Q1 of this financial year onward. So you want to see this revenue ramp up and that is why the margin 
growth is talking about. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Sorry to just add my sort of favorite set of metrics to pull together for this conversation to 
what Vijay said is a marketing expenses up 27% year-on-year. Our sales and service cost investment is up 27% 
year-on-year and our EBITDA margin adjusted for PIDF went from 1% to 8%. So we got a 7 percentage points 
EBITDA margin improvement, in addition to the fact that we continue to make as much investment as we think 
makes sense. 
   
Sachin Salgaonkar: And my last question is would love to actually understand your thoughts on UPI 
monetization. There are various media articles indicating that the government might look to reconsider this. 
Certain articles are mentioning about 5 to 7 bps kind of a take rate for larger merchants. If such a scenario 
arises what kind of an incremental opportunity we are thinking from a Paytm point of view and would be great 
if you could help us quantify or you know any directional data points and we could quantify the upside for 
Paytm. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I don't have any clue of actually the number that it could be or not and what kind of 
line item it will be paid for. So we were trying to model it in-house ourselves based on newspaper and various 
other whispers in the corridor but we just said there is no materiality to it as a discussion when you don't know 
what the formula is. So we'll wait and watch. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: So, Vijay you know just to re-frame the question in slightly other words here, today if I'm 
not wrong you guys are looking to monetize some of the larger merchants on your platform. Would that 
materially change you know going ahead if this UPI monetization comes in other sense you know is the upside 
meaningful for you guys if this comes up? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: We serve small merchants who are materially large and also large enterprises 
including online are our merchants. With relation to MDR on UPI, we only have one line to say - we want both 
MDR and non MDR paying merchants to benefit. Our life won't change materially. Whatever will come will 
come in the bottom line and whatever will come will be good. So that's it. There is no obligation in the business 
model. Neither PIDF's obligation nor UPI's incentive obligation nor MDR's interest nor MDR's need. Whatever 
will come will come in the bottom line. That's why we have to remove it. 
  
Sachin Salgaonkar: Great. Thank you guys. Cheers. 
  
Moderator: Thanks Sachin. We will take the next question from Vijit Jain from Citi followed by Pranav Kshatriya 
from Emkay Global. Vijit can you go ahead please? Vijit, please unmute. 
   
Vijit Jain: Can you hear me now? So congratulations. Great set of numbers here. I have three questions. One 
each on the consumer merchant side and then on AI. So maybe on the merchant side first. So you know in 
general if you have merchants who've already upsold themselves into the financial services product or other 
products, that relationship is stickier right? There's a line in your letter which I interpreted as you know that in 

certain cases with merchants you are reducing your subscription rentals. So shouldn't it be the other way 
around? Merchants who are using more than one service are already sticky. Why would you reduce their 
subscription ARPU? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: It's the other way around. If we are making a large amount of revenue in the form 
of financial services revenue, then we don't consider subscription rental revenue from merchants as material 
and say that it's discounted from our side. So that in merchant sign-ups, no one else is able to offer any value 
differentiation  
  
Vijit Jain: Okay, the second question on this was, so, you know, in the letter you guys say that the net payment 
margins went from 8.8 bps last year to 8.4. This is excluding the PIDF incentives, right? Now, I mean, in general, 
I see you talking about tailwinds in online payments, then you have, you know, some of these other core 
payment margin tailwinds as well. So, I'm just trying to understand, you know, what would have, is it basically 
just these, you know, lower device rentals YoY that would have contributed to this 8.8 going to 8.4? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Yeah, so I think we explained it in one of the questions in the back and you're absolutely 
right. The payment processing margin, as we've discussed in the last few quarters, has been inching upwards 
gradually, but consistently every quarter. The impact that you're talking about is because of certain plans that 
we run for low merchants and highly engaged merchants. I should point out that we have mentioned 
elsewhere that we have tightened our revenue recognition policy on certain businesses a little bit. There was a 
slight impact of that, but most of it is the answer that we have given in the back of the document. 
  
Vijit Jain: Correct. The second question I had was on the… 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I'm saying something very important. As a business person, I want to say something 
about my CFO. Madhur has literally made it, if you don't get money by the month end, this is not a revenue 
recognized. Absolutely correct. Absolutely clear. Everything else is a future upside if you get it. So, there is 
conservatism in it. 
  
Vijit Jain: Good to hear Vijay. Vijay, my next question is on consumer franchise. So, now you have postpaid that 
is scaling up. You have consumer loans which are looking up versus last year and MTF is doing well. You've 
applied for a wallet license and I'm guessing because you said that last time, wallet plus postpaid will kick up 
postpaid even further. So, in general, how would you say your consumer franchise in terms of monetization is 
looking like in F27? 
  
You have a guide, I think, meaningfully better than 22% overall growth. I know merchant business, for example, 
is doing better than that. So, in terms of the consumer franchise, what are we looking at this year, given all of 
these tailwinds in general? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I think it will be very good. I mean, what should I say? We are putting effort in 
everything. Something or the other will work. There are so many missiles and rockets. Something will work. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I'll just add maybe one thing that there are certain consumer side financial services which 
were slightly challenged. Because as you know, equity trading volumes went down a year ago until about six 
months ago, we were seeing headwinds in the personal loan business. And of course, we didn't have much of 
Postpaid a couple of quarters ago. 
  
So, now that these things are starting to turn around, we are seeing significant upside on the consumer side. 
So, when we look at our LTV to CAC, that has improved meaningfully. And obviously, that is one of the reasons 
why we're making some investments on the consumer side over and above the product. We're also investing 
more in marketing. 
  

Vijit Jain: Got it. One last question on AI. So, you know, I wanted to understand, how is AI helping you on 
merchant acquisition, onboarding, collection efficiencies? Is it making it measurably faster, and so you're seeing 
better retention trends? Anything you can, you know, any detail you can share on that? And second, also, I see 
your cloud costs have come off YoY here. And I'm wondering if, you know, you were able to release some 
compute costs, because, you know, you looked at use AI or whatever else you use to figure out where you had 
scope for efficiency. So, just a little bit of color on how you're using AI on the productivity side beyond 
employee costs would be helpful. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: First of all, thank you. Somebody saw what I wish somebody would have seen and 
asked. I mean, you heard that people are saying token maxing means so much of cost. My whole year’s worth 
of cost came within a quarter, those kinds of situations. We tune our own model, place on our own 
infrastructure, and then run it. You must have heard this popular, make this phone call for, let's say, collection 
or revisit or retention and so on. 
  
Now, we took a 200 billion parameters model, optimized it to a 4 billion parameters model made for Indian 
languages, our own model. And then we place it on our own machine. And effectively, now you're talking 
about low latency, low cost of tokens, which is low interest cost running, run and operated by us. 
  
And that makes our cost even lesser than the typical company would have cost for themselves. So we remove 
the cost of the call center. We remove the cost which otherwise would have been bought from outside. And we 
have optimized and added a skill to us. Now, this is magic. And once we've done it, we will sell it to outside 
people. 
  
Why will we not sell it? So actually, I mean, I'm super excited about the kind of new non-payment, 
non-financial services. I'm using the word as a description that they are not related to payment. They're not 
related to financial services. And they're perfectly, completely AI, in AI out services for our businesses and 
merchant partners. We've decided not to do AI for consumers as an all in bet. But we definitely have decided 
that we will go to the merchants and the businesses, the solution services that we've created and we ourselves 
are the users of them. So these things will show up. And I'm glad that you looked at the compute cost. 
  
And I mean, to the credit of Madhur, he would negotiate so hard that they will invite him as a CEO conclave 
elsewhere in the world. This is the most efficient CFO. Madhur literally has become Cursor's CFO Council's 
founding member, where the CFOs who bother about cost and productivity probably have four or five people 
in the world. 
  
Vijit Jain: Good to hear. And congratulations for that, Madhur. Just one follow up on that. And then I'll go back 
into the queue. The non-payments, non-financial services, services you're talking about, these are AI services 
for smaller merchants. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Small people, smaller businesses will take a different kind of service. Larger ones 
will take a different kind of product. 
  
Vijit Jain: OK, good to hear. Thank you so much and best of luck, you guys. 
  
Moderator: Thanks, Vijit. We will take the next question from Pranav Kshatriya, followed by Rahul Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Pranav, you may please go ahead. 
  
Pranav Kshatriya: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, you know, on the accelerating GMV 
trend, it was like 23 odd percent in Q3, went to 27 percent in Q4, now 31 percent. Any cuts you can provide, 
what is driving it? Because the letter actually says that, offline is seeing strength, online is seeing strength. So, 
what is growing faster relative to each other? And secondly, in payment processing charges, are there any 
charges related to postpaid also sitting there? Because that's a reasonably sharp jump on a quarter on quarter 
basis, in this quarter. 

  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Yeah. So on the first one, we are seeing acceleration in each of our payments businesses. 
So whether it is large merchants offline, small merchants offline or online, they historically were growing at 
different paces. As you know, online business was also under embargo. So that is obviously a headwind. Now, 
the increase in growth has come in all of those businesses, including the consumer side, as you mentioned. 
  
Yes, there is an interchange that we have to pay in Paytm Postpaid, based on the network math that the credit 
line on UPI has. And some of that goes into payment processing costs. But as you can imagine, some of the 
growth that we are seeing in revenue on payments is also coming from, for example, a greater share of credit 
card processing, which also adds to payment processing costs. 
  
Pranav Kshatriya: Cool. Can you talk a bit about how Rupay credit card on UPI is progressing? Because, we 
were seeing a very strong growth, but I don't really see any mention of that in the letter. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Yeah, I think maybe you don't see a mention just because we have said it enough times 
that the payment processing margin has been steadily going up because of mix. And one of the mix aspects is 
absolutely Rupay on UPI, which continues to see a good increase in adoption - small and large merchants both. 
  
Pranav Kshatriya: OK, and if I look at, on the cost side, there has been a 6.5 percent decline in the employee 
cost, ex of sales cost. And this is despite the appraisals. So, it seems like a fairly sharp cut in the employee cost. 
So, I mean, how should we see this going forward? I mean, is this a baseline which is sustainable? Is there any 
ESOP cost timing, sort of impacting that or, any color would be helpful? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: No, no, everyone got a good appraisal and everyone got ESOP, which is accounted 
for. It's not like we have to factor in the cost later. We don't apply any exotic approach. Direct charge, 
straightforward. And the appraisal was good. That's what I wanted to tell you. Rather, it's that Madhur has 
already made a cut. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: There are minor fluctuations that will exist quarter on quarter, but nothing specific to call 
out. Nothing that is going to change our trend lines in any major way. Like we have said, we do expect to 
continue to improve EBITDA profitability. With respect to the overall guidance on indirect expenses is that 
despite investments in sales and marketing, it will grow a lot slower than revenue. 
  
Pranav Kshatriya: Ok, one last follow up on the first part, actually. So GMV growth acceleration, is this sort of 
sustainable from your point of view currently, or you think on a high base, there can be some challenges? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: No, no, everything is sustainable. There are two reasons for this. One is that the 
online business has not been factored in, so you feel that it is yet to grow. And offline, the digitization is 
increasing and the consumer base is increasing. So the three buckets that contribute to GMV, in all three, we 
have the right product market fit. And there is no such special trick. 
  
Pranav Kshatriya: Thank you so much. Nice talking to you. All the best for your next quarter. 
 
Moderator: Thanks Pranav. We will take the next question from Rahul Jain, followed by Jayant Kharote from 
Axis Capital. Rahul, you may go ahead, please. 
  
Rahul Jain: Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, if I look at the DLG data that we talked about, finally for the 
month of June, it is now coming on a YoY growth trajectory. So if you could tell us, you know, why this journey 
has been in such a manner where it's scaled up pretty fast, then it kind of, saw some moderation. It appears it 
came from just one specific participant or partner. And then it's scaling up across portfolios. So, any big picture 
thought process you could share on the DLG side? 
  

Mr. Madhur Deora: So, you should look at year on year GMV. I don't have a comment on the specific month. I 
haven't frankly dug into that specific month data, but I think we have said in the notes that I think with the 
context of revenue, but this applies to GMV as well, that it is very broad-based. It is coming from every type of 
payment category where we are seeing faster growth now, than we saw a couple of quarters ago. So it is not 
concentrated towards a few merchants, or even one or two payments businesses. 
  
Rahul Jain: And also this specific comment that we made upon that we could reach upwards of 20% margin on 
a long term basis. Is it that we see that the indirect expenses could grow by 10%, give or take on a long chart, 
and excluding payment business, we can grow 70-80% incremental revenue into profitability? We are seeing an 
acceleration of growth, so the next milestone, once we achieve the 15% mark, could be that we might guide a 
bigger band like 20 to 25% margin kind of a thing? What would make you come to that thought process right 
away? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I think away from specific numbers, what we are referring to there is that first the market 
opportunity remains massive. We still feel there is a huge amount to do, not just in financial services but 
actually in payments as well. So, the long-term TAM for us is massive and as a result I happen to think the 
terminal value of this business is fantastic. 
  
And the second catalyst for saying that is because AI just makes you leaner as an organization. And finally, your 
point about marketing services and financial services, incremental revenue being very high on EBITDA margin, 
that is absolutely correct. So, thank you for that observation. 
  
Rahul Jain: Fair enough. That's it from me folks. Thank you for the opportunity. 
   
Moderator: Thanks, Rahul. We will take the next question from Jayant Kharote, followed by Suraj Das. In order 
to accommodate a few more questions, we will extend this call as well. Jayant, you may go ahead. 
  
Jayant Kharote: Thanks Anandita. Hi Madhur. Hi Vijay. Congrats on a great set of numbers. The first question is 
actually around the industry and lending. So of course, merchant lending is a great product market fit with the 
device and collections. But one thing that's been concerning a little bit to me is in the last one or two quarters, 
the disbursement by digital lenders in the personal loan space has mushroomed to around INR 25,000 to 
30,000 crore a month, which means we are going to build 3 to 6 lakh crore of high APR, 30-31% APR kind of a 
personal loan book at a systemic level in the next 12 months.  
 
Now, one concern I had was obviously regulatory, right? If INR 5-6 lakh crore book is getting built up, there 
could be some sort of thought. And then the question is around merchant loans. If the APRs in this product are 
to be moderated down to the better-quality merchants over the next couple of years, does that affect the 
profitability of this product? Of course, the credit cost will also come down, right, so that may take care of 
some of that. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: So second part, I can tell that we already have started and proactively done 
different lower APR products. And we basically now do EDC devices where the merchant has more choices or 
more options or the pricing is pretty competitive. So just in case, we do and internally we've gone all stack. 
  
We look at merchants as our strategic customer base where we don't see only one kind of product, but 
multiple buckets of products. So the lower APR is not going to be a surprise. Rather, we will lead the market. If 
some competition walks into this space, we will just aggressively go and play lower APR business. And 
wherever the logic will be, just in case. And we are already doing it. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Yeah, sure. I think on your first point, I don't have a specific comment on the top-down 
math that you shared. I can just share with you what we hear from our lending partners. And like I mentioned, 
we have double-digit lending partners in personal loans. One is that they were very, very conservative for 8, 10, 
12 quarters. And as a result, there is actually a desire to do more unsecured lending today. Because perhaps as 

a percentage of their AUM, this number has come down quite a lot. They are also seeing very healthy customer 
balance sheets when they're doing Bureau and other scrubs. So there is a desire to grow in this segment from 
various lenders. 
  
And the second is what Vijay alluded to earlier, which is that our personal loan business is distribution only. We 
don't do collections here. We don't do FLDGs and so on. So it really is helping lending partners find customers 
on our platform and distribute loans on our platform. So we are seeing very healthy quarter-on-quarter growth 
now, after 8 or 10 challenging quarters.  
  
Jayant Kharote: Great. And I appreciate what Vijay said. That we should be taking the lead in this rather than 
wait for the industry to do that. That's great to hear. The second question is kind of a repetition of last quarter. 
Madhur, sorry to bring it up again. But when that GMV growth of 31% is not translating to net payment 
revenue growth, which is at 25%, when margins are expanding, again points out to the same thing, is the 
subscription income lagging. I do see a comment that you've called out. How should we think? Because at 
some point, this will start playing into the net payment revenue growth. Because, I mean, the margin 
expansion is there. I want to know, maybe from a 12 to 24-month perspective, at what point does the 
subscription rental start picking? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: I think you've got it right that net payment margin is payment processing margin plus 
subscription. On subscription, we have mentioned that in a few cases, in a few percentage of cases, we do 
these waivers for our merchants and also the tighter revenue recognition policy. We do think overall, when we 
look at our merchant payments business plus the merchant loans, those payback periods are actually 
improving. 
  
And overall, that business is getting significantly more profitable as we move forward. So, I don't have a specific 
concern about how do we monetize our merchants. In fact, our monetization over any period or cycle is very 
healthy. And this is despite PIDF going away. So, we feel very good about our payback periods. 
  
Jayant Kharote: And the pace of deployment is not going to slow down anytime soon? 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: No. So we have said broadly 25 to 30 lakhs additions a year. We're very much within that 
band and maybe additional investments could make that go even higher. Like I said, the TAM is massive and we 
have very high conviction on providing payment services to our merchants, especially small merchants, which 
is what we're talking about here. So that pace should continue. 
  
Jayant Kharote: Great, great. Congrats once again for a great set of numbers. 
  
Moderator: Thank you. Thanks, Jayant. We will take the next question from Suraj Das, followed by the last 
question for the day from Pranav Gundlapalle from Bernstein. Suraj, you may go ahead. 
  
Suraj Das: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I have two questions. First one, if I look at the transaction 
breakup between merchant and non-merchant, the non-merchant piece is growing phenomenally well. I think 
almost 100 percent YoY. Versus if I look at your MTU growth, that is high single digit steady and robust, which 
means that the consumer on the P2P side in terms of, you know, transaction frequency that is increasing, right? 
Can you highlight what are the underlying drivers here? Is it because of only the traction in the Postpaid or is it 
because of bill payments or maybe campaigns like gold coins or something like that, which I am assuming that 
reflects here?  
 
And second part to this question is hypothetically, let us say if your P2P growth is higher within the payment 
business versus P2M, over a period of time, the net payment margin should have ideally negative bias, right? 
Because the P2P is a lower net payment margin business. So, that is my question. 
 

Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: So, I will start. P2P is not a lower payment margin. Actually, P2M is a lower payment 
margin. Because in P2M, the government gives the incentive at the year end, and last year's incentive has not 
even come. While in P2P, you earn from the originating bank and the bank link and so on, so forth. So, P2P 
actually is a revenue line item. So, there is no wrong about this that P2P makes less money. For merchants, 
obviously, P2M is the only revenue line item. So, P2P is less revenue making is not a correct statement. 
  
When you look at, and you nicely looked at it, that we focus on retention. In consumer business or internet 
business, retention is winning new customers. One good customer brings another new customer. So, we've all 
focused on, instead of spending money in marketing, but rather making the customer who's with us, feel 
delighted and become a more active user of Paytm. 
  
The usage is not by Postpaid. Postpaid is like not even thousand crore in a month, let's just say that. So, we're 
talking about what number every day. So, here it is. It is not led by Postpaid. It is actually led by, we've 
simplified the app if you are a user. If you're not, then please use the Paytm app. I mean, I use it. If you're not 
using it, please start using it. Also, everyone attending this call, if you're not using Paytm, then next time we'll 
provide a QR code. You'll receive the Zoom meeting details by scanning the QR code through the Paytm app. 
 
Well, the intent here is that, in my opinion, the ease and features that we sort of have nuanced brought out is 
giving us this growth. And obviously, new customers in terms of Gen-Z are coming and we sort of have the 
fancy of Gen-Z customers as a customer base now. So, there it is. 
  
Suraj Das: Sure, got it. The last question is, in the financial services business, if I look at, you are adding, let us 
say, 1-2 lakh customers on a YoY basis. And if I look at the overall financial services segment revenue per 
customer, that is also growing. Do you think this is sustainable and can be only one-way direction? Or there are 
so many moving parts, maybe in terms of product mix, unit economics, and hence, commenting on the 
sustainability of one way, you know, going up is a difficult task. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: It's a very, very small number, just a few lakhs, not even one million. Compared to a 
population of 100 million, it's still a very large gap. I would rather say that there is a huge upside, order of 
magnitude is in multiples, not percentage. It's rather the attention that we've started giving to it, whether you 
look at mutual fund distribution, which we don't count in this because that does not make material revenue. 
But then that percentage goes to equity brokerage, very useful. Then similarly, credit, Postpaid, and then take 
in consumer loan, then insurance.  
 
So, I would rather say that we are, I don't know how to say this, the very fact that internally, we are so excited 
and ready to say that we will grow profit margin and profit itself is because the customer base and the product 
market fit and the business model has got scalable, and then head down, execute only that, you're all good. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: So, just to clarify, the 7.6 lakh number, we think that, barring any quarterly aberrations, 
this number should just linearly grow up. As we talk about revenue per financial services customer, if you look 
at the average revenue that we make today, obviously, there's some products which are higher than that and 
some products which are lower than that. So, yes, there's a mix effect point, which may affect us a couple of 
quarters here and there. But we are confident, overall financial services revenue will grow. 
 
We're thinking about what metrics we should put out there for financial services customers and financial 
services revenue. ‘Key Financial Services Customers’ was one of them, and as close a proxy to saying, hey, 
there's a number of customers who are taking a product and the amount of money you're making per 
customer. But yes, within that, there will be some mix effect components. 
  
Suraj Das: Sure, perfect. Thanks, Vijay. Thanks, Madhur. 
  
Moderator: Thank you, Suraj. We will take the last question from Pranav. Pranav, you may please go ahead. 
  

Pranav Gundlapalle: Thanks for taking the question. It's a couple of questions. I'll go back to the payment 
margin. If I just look at your payments income as a percent of GMV and also the payment processing costs, 
almost the entire drop in NPM seems to be explained by just the increase in payment processing charges from 
almost 10.6 basis points to 11.2. So what's driving this sharp increase? That's the first question. 
  
And the second one is more on the consumer business. The cloud and commerce or the marketing revenues 
almost flat year on year. Could you give some color on that? Or at least if you take the broader consumer lens, 
how much is the revenue from consumers, be it FS or non-FS, really growing at? Those will be two questions. 
Thank you. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: Right. So on the first one, I wouldn't quite look at payment processing costs as a 
percentage because there's a huge amount of very good non-bank linked UPI business to be done. And by very 
good, I only have one definition. Does it make money? But if you end up increasing your credit card market 
share, for example, credit card processing market share, this number will go up. But so will revenue. So that's 
why we point to payment processing margin and giving the exact number is slightly commercially sensitive. So 
we give you kind of where we are directionally. So I wouldn't quite look at it that way. 
  
It is the case that the number has gone up. Somebody asked whether it was because of Postpaid marginally, 
but actually because we are doing quite well on non-UPI business overall. So that will not really give you the 
type of conclusion you're trying to get. 
  
On marketing services, we are seeing good momentum, partly because we have more MTU. We have very good 
retention metrics that you mentioned. DAU was higher than it was in Jan’24 and so on. 
  
So we're getting not only more customers, we're getting more engagement. Another indicator is our MTU was 
up about 8%, but our consumer side GTV was up 45%. That's another indication for how much we have worked 
on engagement of customers. All of that does translate with a slight lag into marketing services revenue, as 
well as other consumer financial services revenue. This quarter, we're slightly behind on one specific line item, 
which is travel, where there were headwinds. 
 
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I think it was not headwind, it was ‘headfire’. 
 
Mr. Madhur Deora: So when ticket prices go up, then obviously airlines, overall business gets affected. Within 
that leisure gets affected, which is a vast majority of what our customers do on Paytm travel. So that business 
was slightly behind our expectations, but for external factors. But we are quite positive about marketing 
services overall going forward. 
  
Pranav Gundlapalle: Marketing services I understand is the travel headwind, or headfire, but if you look at the 
broader consumer revenue, how is that growing? Is it like single digit, double digit growth? What are we talking 
about here? Where are we in the monetization of that? 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: And you are accounting for every monetization, not just payment line item, but 
credit disbursement, etc. 
  
Pranav Gundlapalle: Correct 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Oh, then it should be definitely. 
   
Mr. Madhur Deora: Yeah, it is not far behind the merchant side. So, it is not night and day. Because we have 
talked elsewhere, just to pull together a few things that we have said in the document, which is that we are 
seeing tailwinds in the personal loan business. So you can imagine that is now going well. Paytm Postpaid is 
contributing. Vijay talked about wealth earlier, and Vijay also talked about consumer P2P, which makes 

revenue. So there are various bits and pieces of this on the consumer side, which are giving us better LTV 
already. 
  
Pranav Gundlapalle: Okay, so it would be fair to say if you have an overall revenue growth of 20-30%, it is not 
completely skewed in favor of merchants, it is somewhat comparable growth across both merchants and 
consumers. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: I like the question because I want to tell you one thing, my personal role is to prune 
everything that drags down my company's growth. Either you give me growth or bottom line, everything else is 
thank you so much. 
  
Mr. Madhur Deora: And I think we may have anticipated this question because the first thing that we said on 
page one was broad-based accelerated growth and payments and financial services for merchant and 
consumer business. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: Obviously, the nuance of the keywords that we specified have to be specified.  
 
Mr. Madhur Deora: Which is great. I am glad you are asking us to clarify. 
  
Pranav Gundlapalle: Thank you. Those are my questions. 
  
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma: And for everyone, I have a very interesting news that this time, we picked up ‘.md 
file’. And as you can expect, this is not a ‘Madhur Deora’ file, this is a ‘markdown’ (.md) file as we call it in the 
AI world. This will allow you to just download and give it to your favorite chatbot, which is allowed in your 
business and company. 
  
And this is for everything, earning release, presentation, call transcript, obviously, we will update that after this 
and financial results. So, you basically have even all the information in a single .md file and you can talk to our 
agent that will be powering this soon. So right now, do it yourself, download .md and play with this. Till we 
meet again next time, here is a thank you to everyone for joining us and the last song. 
  
Moderator: Thank you all for joining. We have come to an end of this call. 
