 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
            Registered Office: 21st Floor, One Unity Center, Senapati Bapat Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400013, India |T: +91 22 69477000 / 69477150 I F: +91 22 69477001/69477090 
W: www.hindalco.com |E: hilinvestors@adityabirla.com | Corporate ID No.: L27020MH1958PLC011238 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 500440  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Scrip Code: HINDALCO 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Scrip Code: US4330641022  
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on August 7, 2026, 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, is enclosed herewith.  
 
The same is also available on the website of the Company i.e. www.hindalco.com.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
for Hindalco Industries Limited  
 
 
 
Geetika Anand 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sub: Transcript – Q1 FY27 Earnings Call. 
Ref: 
a. Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; 
b. ISIN: INE038A01020 and 
 
c. 
Our Intimation dated July 29, 2026. 
Geetika 
Anand
Digitally signed 
by Geetika 
Anand 
Date: 2026.08.13 
11:11:36 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
“Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH PAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – HINDALCO 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT GOENKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. STEVE FISHER – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NOVELIS 
MR. DEV AHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
NOVELIS 
MR. SUBIR SEN – INVESTOR RELATIONS – HEAD – 
HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference call of Hindalco 
Industries First Quarter Results for FY27. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Subir Sen, Head of Investor Relations at Hindalco. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Sen. 
Subir Sen: 
Thank you and a very good morning and evening, everyone. On behalf of Hindalco Industries, 
I welcome you all to the Earnings call for the first quarter of financial year 2027. In this call, 
we'll refer to the first quarter financial year '27 investor presentation posted on our company's 
website. Some of the information on this call may be forward-looking in nature and is covered 
by the safe harbor language on Slide number 2 of the set presentation.  
In this presentation, we have covered the key highlights of our consolidated performance for the 
first quarter of financial year 2027 versus the corresponding period of the prior year. A segment-
wise comparative financial analysis of Novelis and Indian aluminium and copper business is 
also provided.  
The corresponding segment information of prior periods have also been reinstated accordingly 
for a comparative analysis. Today we have with us from the call from Hindalco’s management 
Mr. Satish Pai, Managing Director and Mr. Bharat Goenka, Chief Financial Officer. From 
Novelis’s management we have Steve Fisher, President and CEO and Mr. Dev Ahuja, Chief 
Financial Officer.  
Following this presentation this forum will be open for questions and answers. Post this call and 
audio replay will also be available on our company website. Now let me turn this call to Mr. Pai 
to take you through the company’s performance and key highlights in the first quarter of 
financial year 2027.  
Satish Pai: 
Thanks Subir. Good morning and good evening everyone. Thank you for joining Hindalco 
Earnings Call today. On Slide 5 to 9 of this presentation you can see our achievements and 
progress across quarterly metrics of Safety and Sustainability for this quarter versus prior period. 
I will now take you through the key highlights of these initiatives.  
At Hindalco Safety is always a highest priority and I am pleased to report that there were no 
fatality this quarter across all our Indian operations. Our LTIFR for this year stands at 0.21 
showing significant improvement over the prior period. As a significant step we have 
strengthened our emergency response capabilities through realistic scenario based mock drill 
conducted in collaboration with key agencies including NDRF.  
These exercises help our team sharpen their response, coordination and decision making during 
critical situations. We also took a proactive step towards preventing incidence by implementing 
the risk AI advisor which helps us identify potential serious incidence at an early stage. By 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
combining technology with onground vigilance we are improving our ability to anticipate risk, 
intervene early and create a safer working place for everyone.  
At Hindalco we continue to make strong progress on circularity and responsible waste 
management. This quarter 80% of all total waste generated was recycled the re-use indicating 
strong waste management performance. We achieved 142% recycling of bauxite residue 
excluding Utkal, 95% recycling of ash and 127% recycling of copper slag this quarter. Let me 
briefly touch upon our circularity initiatives.  
Demand for flyash and bauxite residue remains strong across cement road construction and 
quarry backfilling applications. Although flyash dispatches were temporarily impacted by the 
rail rake availability. A key milestone was the Dalla stone quarry backfilling project. The first 
initiative of its kind in India supporting degraded forest restoration while contribution to the 
creation of additional carbon sinks.  
In our copper business recycling of copper slag continues to gain traction driven by demand 
from the abrasives and ready-mix concrete industries. Together, these initiatives demonstrate 
how we are turning industrial bioproducts into valuable resources while advancing our 
sustainability growth.  
We have made consistent progress in improving water efficiency across our operations through 
a series of focus interventions such as adoption of zero liquid discharge systems, optimization 
of cooling tower our operations and reuse practices. These initiatives have helped us 
significantly reduce dependence on fresh water sources, while improving overall process 
efficiency.  
In our aluminium business, higher recycling rates of 29% this quarter, up from 27% a year ago, 
along with focused optimization initiatives at Aditya and Utkal operations helped us reduce fresh 
water consumption on a year-on-year basis. Sequentially, water consumption was higher in this 
quarter, mainly due to the seasonal impacts of the summer months.  
In our copper business as well, specific water consumption improved year-on-year, largely due 
to lower freshwater requirements during the planned shutdown. These efforts reflect our 
continued focus on improving resource efficiency and reducing environmental footprint of our 
operations.  
Together, these efforts score our strong commitment to sustainable water stewardship and 
resource conservation across the value chain. We remain deeply committed to preserving and 
enhancing our biodiversity in and around our areas of operation. Biodiversity conservation 
remains an integral part of our sustainability agenda.  
As of the end of Q1 FY27, our cumulative tree plantation has crossed 6.3 million trees with 
nearly 80,000 samplings planted during the quarter to strengthen green belt coverage and 
enhance local biodiversity around our operations. We launched the Madhupalanam initiatives at 
Baphlimali Bauxite Mines to promote apiculture, support pollinator conservation and further 
enrich local ecosystems.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
In addition, at Aditya Aluminium Biodiversity park, we have created artificial islands within the 
water body to support Avian conservation and provide a conducive habitat for Bird Life. These 
initiatives reflect our commitment to go beyond compliance and actively contribute to ecosystem 
restoration and biodiversity enhancements in the region where we operate. Renewable energy 
remains a key pillar of our decarbonization strategy.  
As of the end of Q1, we have 470 megawatts of renewable energy capacity across solar, wind, 
hydro resources along with 35 megawatts of pump storage tie-ups under our round-the-clock 
renewable energy program. We remain on track to add another 414 megawatts of solar and wind 
capacity as well as 90 megawatts of RE RTC pump storage capacity during the year.  
With these additions, our renewable portfolio is expected to reach 884 megawatts of solar wind 
hydel capacity, along with 125 megawatts of RE RTC capacity by the end of FY27. These 
investments underscore our commitment to reduce carbon intensity, strengthening energy 
security and building a more sustainable and future ready Hindalco.  
Our aluminium specific greenhouse gas footprint stood at 19 tons of CO2 per ton of aluminium 
in Q1, lower than the comparable period last year. What is encouraging is this is not a onetime 
improvement, but a part of a sustained structural reduction in our emission intensity. This reflects 
the progress we are making through our decarbonization initiatives greater use of renewable 
energy, improved recycling and ongoing operational efficiency.  
As we move forward, we remain focused on building a globally competitive low-carbon 
aluminium business, that meets the evolving expectations of our customers while creating long-
term sustainable value. Let me now give you a glimpse of the current broader economic 
environment on Slide 11. IMF projects global growth at 3% in 2026, moderating from 3.5% 
during 2025.  
A significant drag is arising from the Middle East and Central Asia region, which is expected to 
witness slowing growth down to 0.7% in 2026 from 3.7% a year ago due to the direct disruption 
associated with the conflict. While the war has created a negative supply shock through higher 
energy and commodity prices, its impact has been partially offset by strong technology-led 
investments and demand.  
The U.S. economy is projected to grow by 2.3% in 2026 versus 2.1% in 2025, supported by 
favorable financial conditions, fiscal support, technology investments and its next energy 
exporter status. China is expected to slow from 5% to 4.6% as higher energy prices, persistent 
uncertainty and structural headwinds weigh on activity.  
Global growth remains vulnerable to renewed geopolitical tension, commodity price volatility, 
tighter financial conditions trade fragmentation and a possible correction in the technology-
related expectations. Global inflation is projected to rise from 4.1% in 2025 to 4.7% in 2026, 
reflecting higher energy, food and fertilizer prices and signaling a temporary pause in the global 
disinflation process. 
Indian economy continues to navigate this challenging global environment. RBI projects GDP 
growth in FY27 at 6.7% and against 7.7% in 2025. The performance of high-frequency 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
indicators suggest that growth momentum remains buoyant. Industry activity continues to hold 
driven by strong progress in manufacturing. 
Sustained momentum in the service sector continues to support economic activity while 
agriculture remains on a stable footing. Domestic demand conditions remain healthy with both 
rural and urban consumption showing steady growth. Investments remained stable led by 
government capex. However, downside risk persists particularly from geopolitical uncertainties, 
volatility in global financial markets, external headwinds and weather-related disruptions. 
Inflation is expected to rise 5% in FY27 from 2.1% in FY26. With upside risk emerging from 
global commodity price shocks, uncertainty around the monsoon and El Nino conditions. 
Reflecting this balance of opportunities and challenges, the RBI has retained a neutral policy 
stance allowing it the flexibility to support both sustainable growth and price stability. 
Moving on to the industry outlook on Slides 12 to 14. On Slide 12, from a pricing perspective, 
the quarter was marked by significant volatility. Even before the Mid East conflict escalated 
aluminum prices had strengthened to around INR3,150 per ton largely due to the closure of the 
Mozal smelter. 
Heightened concerns over potential supply disruptions then drove prices sharply higher, picking 
at nearly USD3,850 per ton before moderating down to USD3,200 following the cease fire. 
Looking ahead, we remain constructive on aluminum. The market is expected to have a deficit 
of 1 million tons in calendar year '26 compared to pre-conflict expectations of about 0.3 million 
tons. 
While demand remains relatively subdued, supply-side constraints continue to support market 
balances and prices. That said, higher prices are likely to incentivize the supply response, 
including smelter restarts in Europe and West Asia and faster ramp-ups in Indonesia and 
Southeast Asia, which should help rebalance the market over the medium term. 
Looking at the global aluminum market in quarter 1 of calendar year '26 Chinese aluminum 
production grew about 3% year-on-year to nearly 11 million tons supported by capacity 
additions in regions such as Yunnan and inner Mongolia. This was partially offset by capacity 
rationalization in Shandong. 
Outside China, production declined by around 8% to 7 million tons largely due to disruptions 
related to the Middle East conflict and the closure of Mozal, although higher output from 
Indonesia and Europe provided some support. As a result, global aluminum production stood at 
18 million tons, down 1% year-on-year. 
On the demand side, China continues to see healthy growth with consumption up 2% to around 
12 million tons, driven by strong demand from new energy vehicles and robust exports of semi-
fabricated and finished products. However, the property sector remains weak. Outside China, 
demand declined by around 2% as softer conditions in Europe, North America and Middle East 
more than offset growth in India. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Overall, global aluminum consumption increased 1% year-on-year to approximately 19 million 
tons. While demand is continuing to outpace supply, the global aluminum market remains in 
deficit by roughly 1 million tons this quarter, providing continued support to market 
fundamentals. Turning to India, demand continues to be relatively resilient and remains ahead 
of most global markets. 
We estimate aluminum demand in quarter 1 of FY27 at around 1.5 million tons representing 
growth of approximately 3% year-on-year. The key growth drivers for automotive demand 
supported by GST 2.0 related benefits and continued vehicle production growth along with 
stable demand from the packaging, industrial machinery and consumer durable segment. 
The only area that saw some moderation was the Electrical segment, where certain contractor-
led projects were deferred due to price volatility during the quarter. Overall, India continues to 
outgrow global aluminum demand and remains 1 of the most attractive long-term growth 
markets for the industry. 
Within domestic products, flat rolled products performed particularly well with demand growing 
by more than 10% year-on-year, driven primarily by strong demand from packaging and 
consumer durable. Turning to the Indian copper industry on Slide 14. In India, refined copper 
demand remained somewhat subdued during the quarter, driven by inventory optimization by 
customers and a more cautious purchasing approach amid uncertainties arising from the West 
India conflict. 
Total demand, including domestic supplies and scrap in quarter 1 of FY27, stood at 359 Kt 
compared to 396 Kt in the same period last year, reflecting a 9% year-on-year decline. In quarter 
2 of calendar year '26, the global copper production grew 2.6% year-on-year to 7.2 million tons, 
while consumption increased more modestly to 7.5 million tons, resulting in a net global deficit 
of around 0.3 million tons for the quarter. 
On the copper concentrate side, the quarter remained quite challenging. Availability of 
concentrate was tight across the industry and treatments and refining charges stayed at 
historically low levels at times even negative levels at the range of minus 26 cents to minus 30 
cents per pound. 
This reflects a broader trend where global smelting capacity continues to grow faster than the 
availability of mine supply. While stronger byproduct credits provided some support to smelter 
economics, concentrate supply remains the key constraint. Looking ahead, we expect these tight 
market conditions to persist with concentrate availability and TC/RC is likely to remain under 
pressure throughout the rest of this year. 
Coming to Slide 16. Our consolidated business segment EBITDA was up 58% year-on-year at 
INR13,481 crores this quarter. The consolidated profit after tax was up 75% on a year-on-year 
basis at INR7,013 crores this quarter. At Hindalco India business, our business segment 
EBITDA was up 73% year-on-year at INR8,606 crores this quarter, whereas our quarterly profit 
after tax was INR5,301 crores, up 86% on a year-on-year basis this quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Before we get into the details of our quarterly segment-wise performance, I would like to 
highlight to structural tailwinds that we believe will provide incremental support to our 
profitability and long-term growth trajectory. In India, our move to the new tax regime is a 
structural benefit that permanently lowers our effective tax rate to 26%, creating an uplift to 
profitability ratios of EPS and return on equity. 
Secondly, Novelis' dollar-denominated earnings get a significant uplift in consol financials in an 
environment where the rupee depreciates against the U.S. dollar. Together, these advantages 
improve the quality, predictability and growth potentials of our earnings, supporting long-term 
shareholder value creation. 
Coming to our business-wise performance this quarter on Slide 17. the India upstream aluminum 
shipments were up 3% year-on-year, and revenues were up 44% year-on-year. Our quarterly 
EBITDA was a record INR7,390 crores, up 81% year-on-year. backed by favorable macros and 
our strong performance across the value chain. 
This delivered an all-time high EBITDA of USD2,331 per ton this quarter. EBITDA margins 
were at a record 55% and continue to be amongst the best in the global industry. Our hedging 
positions in aluminum for the rest of FY27 stands at around 29% on the commodity at USD3,004 
per ton and 18% in the currency at INR91.63 per USD. 
Our Indian downstream aluminum business continued to deliver a strong performance, where 
quarterly shipments were up 3% year-on-year at 104 Kt. Aluminum downstream delivered a 
quarterly EBITDA of INR298 crores, up by 30% year-on-year this quarter versus INR229 crores 
in the prior period. This was driven by higher volumes, product mix and premiumization. 
The resulted EBITDA per ton stood a little more than USD303 a ton this quarter. On India's 
copper business performance this quarter, our overall metal shipments were at 105 Kt, down 
16% year-on-year due to the planned maintenance shutdown. The CCR volumes were at 96 KT, 
down 8% year-on-year due to tighter market conditions. Our quarterly copper EBITDA stood at 
a record INR918 crores, up 36% year-on-year. on account of better realizations in byproducts 
and operational efficiencies. 
Our planned maintenance shutdown during the quarter impacted anode production through the 
concentrate route. Excluding the shutdown effect, our EBITDA per ton this quarter would have 
been around $1,000, reflecting the underlying strength of the business. Novelis recorded 
shipments of 916 KT, reflecting a decline of 5% year-on-year over 963 KT shipments in the 
same period last year. 
Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter stood at $516 million or $563 per ton, reflecting a 24% and 
30% increase, respectively, year-on-year. This includes an $18 million net positive impact from 
the Oswego fires and is inclusive of $47 million insurance proceeds received during the quarter. 
With another quarter of solid execution behind us, that run rate cost savings are now at $225 
million as we accelerate all cost efficiency initiatives. Looking ahead, we remain committed to 
our 3-year goal of permanently reducing our cost structure by $350 million to $400 million by 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
FY28 exit. Additionally, scrap prices continue to move in a positive direction, supporting margin 
improvement. 
Turning to Slide 19. We continue to maintain a strong and resilient balance sheet. As of June 
2026, our consolidated net debt-to-EBITDA stood at 1.95x below our stated threshold of 2x. 
Despite the temporary impact of the Oswego fire incident, our businesses continue to generate 
healthy cash flows, demonstrating the strength and resilience of our portfolio. 
We remain disciplined in our capital allocation approach and committed to maintain net leverage 
at around 2x on a consol basis. At the same time, we continue to strike the right balance between 
investing in high-growth opportunities that enhance our long-term value and deliver attractive 
returns to our shareholders. 
Details of the operational and financial performance in each of our business segments this 
quarter compared to the corresponding period of last year as well as the previous quarters are 
covered in further slides and the annexures to this presentation. 
Now let me conclude today's presentation with some key takeaways. At Novelis, our first quarter 
performance once again demonstrated the strength and resilience of the underlying business 
despite the temporary impact of the Oswego fire last year. We have successfully restarted the 
mill in June, and it is now stated ramping up steadily towards normal operating levels. 
We view the impact of the outage largely as a timing issue rather than a structural one with a 
significant portion of the current year's headwinds expected to be recovered over the course of 
the next fiscal year. Importantly, our long-term EBITDA per ton guidance of $600 remains 
unchanged. This confidence is supported by the accelerated execution of our $350 million to 
$400 million structural cost reduction programs which is delivering sustainable improvements 
in productivity, efficiency and margins across the businesses. 
At the same time, we continue to make significant progress on our growth agenda. The 600 KT 
Bay Minette greenfield rolling and recycling facility, which is on track for completion this year 
represents a transformational milestone for Novelis. With the initial commissioning of key assets 
already underway, Bay Minette will further strengthen our operating footprint, expand our 
recycling capabilities and position Novelis for its next phase of long-term profitable growth. 
Coming to our India business, we have once again delivered an exceptional quarter, achieving 
record and industry-leading EBITDA per ton in margins across both our upstream and 
downstream aluminum businesses alongside a record EBITDA performance in copper. This 
reflects the strength of our integrated business model, relentless focus on operational excellence, 
disciplined cost management and consistent execution across market cycles. 
On the growth front, all our key upstream expansion projects, including the Aditya Alumina 
refinery and aluminum smelter expansions are progressing well and remain on track. These 
projects are integral to our strategy of doubling upstream capacities while strengthening our 
integration and cost leadership. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
We are also making steady progress on our captive coal mine development projects, including 
Chakla, Bandha and Meenakshi. As these mines become operational, they will strengthen our 
resource security lower production costs and support margin expansion and further enhance the 
earnings profile of our upstream business. 
On the downstream side, we continue to make good progress on our growth projects. The Aditya 
FRP plant is ramping up well and is already making a meaningful contribution to our all 
production. We also commissioned our Aditya battery foil and the Taloja AC Fins facilities last 
quarter, and both projects are progressing well with customer qualification process currently 
underway. 
In specialty alumina or precipitated hydrate facility is advancing through customer approval 
stages, bringing us closer to commercialization. In copper, the business continues to demonstrate 
resilience and its strong execution. Our copper smelter expansion, e-waste recycling projects 
and other sustainability-led initiatives are progressing as planned. In addition, the Inner Grooved 
Tubes project will further strengthen our downstream portfolio and enhance our value-added 
product capabilities. 
Looking ahead, our strategic priorities are clear in India. We are accelerating our upstream 
expansion in both aluminum and copper while building a significantly strong downstream 
portfolio with the ambition of delivering a fourfold increase in EBITDA, downstream EBITDA 
by FY30. At Novelis, we remain focused on executing the mid- to long-term 3X30 strategy. 
which is aimed at driving sustainable growth, higher profitability and stronger returns. 
Overall, Hindalco is exceptionally well positioned for the future, backed by our integrated 
business model, strong resource base, disciplined capital allocation and growth investments 
across the value chain. We remain committed to our purpose of engineering better futures while 
creating long-term sustainable value for our stakeholders. Thank you very much for your 
attention, and the forum is now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question comes from the line of Satyadeep Jain with Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Thank you. Mr. Pai, I just wanted to check on and clarify. In the Novelis 10-Q, it is mentioned 
that Novelis will pay up to 0.25% of revenue as royalty to an entity, I am not sure if it is a 
promoter entity. Can you clarify what that is? And why is that royalty being paid from Novelis? 
Satish Pai: 
So, I think, that as far as the brand royalty is concerned, let me just give you an update. I think 
the ownership of the Aditya Birla brand has remained with the Birla Group Holdings Private 
Limited. And in the past, this BGH has not charged any royalty for the use of ABG marks all 
these years, making it one of the exceptions among large Indian conglomerates. So, what is 
happening is that this brand royalty, this framework marks the transition from family-driven 
stewardship to structured governance. 
So, I think investing in the brand, keeping it better for the future. So, I think Novelis declared it 
in its 10-Q, Hindalco comes under SEBI regulation. So, under SEBI LODR all our related party 
transactions will be disclosed biannually through Exchange Filings due in October. So, I think 
even Hindalco will be paying that same type of royalty to Birla Group Holdings Private Limited. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Satyadeep Jain: 
And Hindalco would also make 0.25%? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. And it's capped at INR225 crores. And I think it's important to note for us this royalty 
amount is below what we say is our materiality threshhold. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
That INR225 crores are for 6 months for this year, right? But otherwise, on a same basis? 
Satish Pai: 
For the year. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
For this year because it's a from September, but otherwise for next year should be that INR225 
crores capped? 
Satish Pai: 
It's for 12 months capped at INR225 crores. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. For Novelis you're saying, right? 
Satish Pai: 
And Hindalco will be exactly the same. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. So, this is going to apply -- I'm sure you can't talk about other entities, but it's going to 
apply generally to all the other entities also. 
Satish Pai: 
I cannot… 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Yes. So, the other one was, this I know Novelis again, we thought we'll get more clarity on. 
There have been many investor questions on the USD70 million of tariff, in fact, at Novelis, I 
know the team tried to clarify that on the call. But is that -- if we exclude that USD70 million, it 
looks like EBITDA per ton would have been more than USD600 per ton for Novelis. Just trying 
to understand what -- why did the tariff impact increase significantly from USD24 million last 
quarter to USD70 million? And why is that not excluded from EBITDA to report an adjusted 
EBITDA. 
Satish Pai: 
Steve, Dave, do you want to... 
Steven Fisher: 
Okay. So yes, certainly. No, we did not take it out of adjusted EBITDA, number one. Number 
two, I mean I can basically just amplify what I said on the call the other day. You are to think 
about this as related to the fact that we are not able to produce enough yet in the U.S. We have 
to depend on more imports. 
As far as capacity is concerned, theoretically, if all the assets start running optimally, we will 
have enough onshore capacity. But given the fact that we have had to reconfigure so many things 
post Oswego fire and particularly in this quarter, we have had to really keep our customers. So 
this is related to keeping customers as much as we can for lease service. 
So net-net, this is an impact that will stay with us for some time. Now be careful about literally 
sort of adding that back and taking the EBITDA per ton at over USD600. I mean I would not 
recommend you if you do those kind of adjustments. There are many moving parts on a macro 
level, metal prices and so on. I mean, we just need to be careful. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
For the next couple of quarters, there will be some level of tariffs. I cannot say exactly how 
much. I mean we still need to work on reconfiguring our supply chain. So be careful about just 
literally adding it back all around telling you is that it's not like the 70, unfortunately will go to 
0 until the time we have just set all our supply chains back in order. So that's really the best 
answer that I can provide to you. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So just, let's say, once Oswego is up and running in 2 quarters from now. So this USD70 million, 
basically, when Oswego production was impacted, some of it was being fulfilled by procuring 
metal from the competitors in U.S. It seems like this quarter, you used some of the other facilities 
to bring more import into U.S. Is that correct? And so the impact was mainly to fulfill Oswego 
shipments in 1Q? And what about the other goods and all other materials that you were seeing 
tariff impact in the previous quarters. That impact was not there at all this quarter? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Satyadeep we are really getting into the weeds and to explain the entire supply chain is really 
complicated. I think. Let's just bring this back into sort of why this quarter, why not so much 
earlier quarter? Look, as much as possible, we are trying to sort of at dependence on third parties 
and use our own system because there are benefits of quality of reliability of more consistent 
eases much as possible. 
We are sort of trying to use our system, our network to bring in materials. Earlier, we had to 
really get a lot of third party and that goes in the cost of the fire. So be careful. What we get from 
third parties goes in the cost of the fire, which is below the line. This is from our own network. 
We don't basically classify this tariff below the line in cost of fire. And that is the difference. 
So I'm not kind of -- it's very difficult to explain the entire material flow and the supply chain. I 
can only sort of give you a direction and guidance to say that we'll have to live with some level 
of tariffs in the coming quarters. And it is not like Oswego is up and everything sort of just start 
going back to normal. 
No, it takes time. It takes time. There are materials in the pipeline. There is production that is 
already happening. So it is not like you can time things so perfectly, right? So that's why I'm 
staying away from giving very specific guidance -- let's just take the next quarter, by that time, 
you will have a little more clarity, and we will talk about it again. for now, I would leave it at 
this. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Pinakin with HSBC. 
Pinakin: 
Just 2 quick questions. Keeping prices aside for a moment, -- there was an operational impact in 
aluminum downstream and copper. Should we expect these volumes to recover from 2Q on one? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think the volumes in Q2, both for copper and downstream aluminum will be higher. I 
mean, as I said in my prepared remarks, the electrical sector was a little bit weak. In copper, we 
had a planned shutdown of a smelter. So I think for -- Pinakin, the volumes in 2 quarters, both 
for aluminum downstream and copper will be higher. 
Pinakin: 
Got it. My second question is, at the consol level, we still see an exceptional hit of roughly 
INR300 crores in this quarter. There was no exceptional onetime impact in Novelis. So given 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Oswego has restarted, should we continue to see exceptional losses from second quarter in the 
consol. How should we look at this? 
Satish Pai: 
No, Pinakin it's a difference between U.S. GAAP and Ind AS. In Ind AS, we have to show it as 
exceptional. I think in U.S. GAAP, it comes in unallocated. So we can explain that to you offline. 
It's a difference between U.S. GAAP and Ind AS. 
Pinakin: 
So given Oswego plant has restarted should we expect this quantum to reduce or at the consol 
level where we see a similar . 
Satish Pai: 
No, no, no. As the Oswego plant restarts, then it should go away. . 
Pinakin: 
It should go away. Got it. 
Satish Pai: 
The insurance recoveries will start to come in this. 
Pinakin: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. And my last question is just on the net debt guidance for the year. As we 
heard from the Novelis call of their expectations of leverage come down below 4x at the consol 
Hindalco level, should we expect the net debt to be steady at these levels as of March and come 
down because the underlying cash flows are very, very strong. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think on the India side, Pinakin, this is a high capex year for us. So I don't expect our net 
debt-to-EBITDA to materially change across the coming quarters. So I think that Novelis net 
debt-to-EBITDA starts to come down in Q4, then the consol should go down. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sumangal Nevatia with Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
So first question on the downstream aluminum business, the USD300 margin multi-quarter high. 
So is it something unsustainable there? Or with the ramp-up now of the FRP plant, should we 
sustainably see these sort of levels in the future as well? 
Satish Pai: 
So I think we have been sort of targeting more around the USD250. There is also with the metal 
premiums and all going off, we have gone up we have been able to hold our pricing in the 
downstream. So I think we will have to -- because the downstream pricing net to the customer 
is metal plus MJP plus the conversion premium. So high MJP has helped us get those margins 
on the downstream also up. So I would say more around USD250 is a more sustainable number. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. Just a couple of more clarifications. On the royalty, for how long is it fixed, then I 
mean, will it come for a review every now and then in terms of percentage of sales? 
Satish Pai: 
I don't know, Sumangal, I think that I would expect this to be there for a while at these levels. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Okay. But generally, we've seen there is an agreement for 3 years, 5 years and then it is 
reviewed. So no such time period, you have any clarity today? . 
Satish Pai: 
I don't have the clarity I can check and get back to you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sure, sir. That's fine. And I just want to understand for next year FY28, what sort of domestic 
coal -- sorry, captive coal production are we expecting for the full year from Chakla and Bandha. 
Satish Pai: 
Chakla back to commence, we are expecting about 1 million tons from Chakla, Bandha will only 
start from the middle of the year. So I would say about 0.5 million tons for Bandha. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
So, 1.5 million tons for next financial year, FY28, I'm asking, sir. Not '27. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. And just last thing, do we expect any contribution from Aditya refinery and the Phase 1 
smelter any time next or it's largely going to be end of year and then FY29 contribution? 
Satish Pai: 
I think FY29, because it commissions December to January of this fiscal -- sorry, next fiscal. 
So, I would put FY29 as the full -- meaningful numbers coming in. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it. And just one last bookkeeping. There's an intercompany profit in the India financials. 
What exactly is this increased significantly quarter-on-quarter INR750-odd crores. Yeah. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think that's because -- yes, intercompany elimination because an upstream sells to 
downstream and there is a mismatch between the price at which it was bought and then we have 
to revalue the LME goes up. So, that is sitting in that correction there. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. So… 
Satish Pai: 
Again, better we will explain to you offline. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Sure. I'll follow up. All right. Thank you, and all the best, sir. Yes. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Pallav Agarwal with Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Yeah. Good evening, sir. So, the first question was, is there any revision to our quarterly 
EBITDA guidance? Do we expect sulfuric acid prices to stay elevated? 
Satish Pai: 
Well, they are staying elevated. So, I think it would be fair to say a similar number like Q1 for 
Q2. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Okay. And maybe some tapering off in the second half? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Satish Pai: 
I hope not. Because with the TC/RC so low, we are counting on sulfur. See, sulphur prices are 
impacted by West Asia crisis. So, it's sulfuric acid prices are driven by the sulfur index. If you 
follow the sulfur index, it's pretty high right now. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. Also, if you could just give us the quantum of external alumina sales this quarter. 
Satish Pai: 
The external Alumina sales, we actually missed 1 ship. So, it was 138 kt. So, next quarter, we 
will be selling about 190 kt. We missed 1 ship sale. That's why the volume is 138 kt this quarter. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. And lastly, are we seeing an uptick in global alumina prices, you know, because there 
was historic lows. So, are we picking up? 
Satish Pai: 
They are slightly picking up. I mean, right now, it's around 330, 340. So yes, it's a slight uptick, 
yes. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Indrajit Agarwal with CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Hi. Firstly, a bookkeeping question. How has the cash cost being quarter-over-quarter in this 
quarter? And how do we expect this next quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. So, you know, I think this quarter, it was up by 5% Q1 versus Q4. Actually, around 4%. I 
think I had guided 5%. It came in more or less at the same level. And Indrajit, I think actually, 
we benefited from some of the low-cost inventories during quarter one. And quarter two, the 
coal prices in the northern region have gone up in the monsoon period. So, we are expecting 
maybe another 5% to 6% increase Q2 to Q1. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. This helps. Secondly, if you can help with what is in the MJP physical market premium, 
with that part. 
Satish Pai: 
See MJP. Yeah. Sorry, go ahead, please finish your question. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
That has been elevated for a site. So, how do you see that panning out? 
Satish Pai: 
So, the MJP is up, you know, because the Middle East supplies to Japan and Korea have been 
impacted. So, I think that as long as that metal is out of the market, the MJP will stay slightly 
high, and probably next year, it will come down once Middle East smelters are back. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
So, are we changing our domestic and export sales mix because of this or not? 
Satish Pai: 
No. I think that we certainly are trying to -- on the exports, we try to get as much as we can. But 
no, I mean, we -- because of our downstream requirements as well and the Indian market is also 
still giving us a fairly good return. So, I think we will try to catch a bit more exports, but not 
significantly change. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
No. Thank you. That’s all from my side. 
Satish Pai: 
Yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Amit Lahoti with Aditya Birla Capital 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Thanks. My first question is on the copper business. So, given the TC/RCs continue to remain 
active and byproduct prices are also normalizing, especially gold -- and then China is not closing 
its excess smelting capacity. How do we think about the backward integration plan in the 
medium term? Can we look for more copper deposits within the country and move towards self-
dependence for the concentrate supply? That's my first question. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. We're trying to do that. We have got 1 copper exploration block that we are actually 
evaluating and drilling holes right now. And we are expecting some more blocks to come. We 
are looking at copper mines around the country and in the neighboring countries. The copper 
mine prices, if you go to South America, Australia, at these elevated LME levels is very high. 
And we have got 85% of our concentrate requirements blocked in. 
 
So, it's not a question of can we get concentrate. We will get the concentrate. So, then the 
question becomes why would you go and pay money to get an equity in a mine at these elevated 
prices of LME. There is no problem with the security of supply for concentrate is what I'm trying 
to say. And the backward integration, we are trying to look for mines, we are exploring mines 
within the country. 
Amit Lahoti: 
So, any time line when we could have some of the blocks ready with us maybe is it 2 years? Or 
is it like 5 years from now at least in India? 
Satish Pai: 
In this block that we are evaluating, we'll get to know in another year. In the year, the preliminary 
samples are looking good, but the extent and the volumes, which will probably take more than 
another year to evaluate it. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Sure. My second question is on Novelis -- as the target net leverage of 4x, which is essentially a 
function of either net debt coming down or EBITDA going up. And given that we are close to 
USD2 billion of EBITDA on rate, which implies that USD8 billion of net debt. We are already 
pretty likely at 4x. So, can we rather not expect a level which is well below 4x? 
Satish Pai: 
Dev, I think we got the question in your call as well, so. 
Dev Ahuja: 
Yes. So, I already said that based on all the visibility that I can see right now, we will be below 
4x. Now, your other question is about, you know, what is it, you know, between a function of 
lower net debt and EBITDA? It's both. I mean, we even be releasing some cash into the system. 
Why? Because we will get more insurance recovery. We will release working capital as our 
supply chains normalize. 
 
That basically brings in more cash and reduce net debt. Gross debt as well because of short-term 
borrowing facilities like ABL, they'll go down. EBITDA run rate will go up. So, it's not one 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
factor. It is both factors that will help us move in a positive direction. And that's why, I mean, 
from a level of 4.5x when we are saying it will go kind of a little bit -- and probably a little bit 
higher at the end of September. That will be a leverage. So, from there, it comes down, you 
know, so sharply. I mean it has to be a function of both. 
Amit Lahoti: 
Sure. Thanks, Dev. 
Satish Pai: 
Perfect. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ritesh Shah with Investec India. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. A few questions. First for Novelis, would it be possible 
to quantify the extent of working capital release over the next 3 quarters? 
Satish Pai: 
Dev? 
Dev Ahuja: 
Sorry, I was on mute. Sorry. Yes. I mean, you know, it's difficult to be very precise. But I think 
that... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Your voice is breaking. Can you come into the range and talk? 
Dev Ahuja: 
Oh, 1 minute. Give me moment and let me see. I'll just check my headphones, so 1 minute.  
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Dev Ahuja: 
Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Oh, yes. Please go ahead.  
Dev Ahuja: 
All right. Okay. So, what I was saying is that -- look, I mean, being very precise right now is a 
bit difficult. We are working on many fronts. But if you want something directionally, I can see 
300 to 400 Mn coming in the system in the next couple of quarters, which is a reduction of 
inventory but also set up a reduction of payables because no, we have been buying a lot of third-
party material and, you know, as we normalize our working capital cycle, you know, on the 
pages on that account will go away. So, net-net, I think for modeling propose, you can take 300 
to 400 in over the next couple of quarters. We'll see if we can do better than that. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. My second question is, I think you had a prior question on tariffs of $70 million. if you 
could put in context how does U.S. MCA stack up for things. So there's certainly a yoyo going 
on between the government over there between the Canadian and the U.S. government. So what 
is the sort of impact in the $70 million, so basically, you did indicate the $70 million can actually 
go towards nil by end of the fiscal. So what is the underlying assumption with respect to the 
material which moves to Kingston and back to U.S.? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes. So it has nothing to do with the U.S. MCA, to be clear. But when I say that it will go down 
as we normalize supply chain is that will depend less on imports and imports attract to 232 tariffs 
okay? So basically, our 232 net tariffs will go down by the end of the year because of less 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
dependence on imports as Oswego normalizes. And post that, our supply chains normalize. So 
as simple as that. 
As far as USMCA is concerned and the status honestly, nobody knows. This is going to be a bit 
long drawn from the best that we can read in the current environment. So we're not expecting 
that to be any major impact. If something happens we’ll have to see. But right now, there is no 
basis to believe that anything quite will happen there.. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And just third question on payment. We indicated that we have certain contracts until end 
of the year. We have kept certain contracts open. I just wanted to have your comfort assuming, 
say, 9%, 9.2% WACC for Novelis, will we be able to cover our cost of capital over here? The 
ask will be significantly see upwards of $1,000. So are we still comfortable over here? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
We are very comfortable. We don't agree with the 9%, honestly, our WACC is lower. But I can 
give you a very confident assurance that we will cover the cost of capital. This project has 
potential. I mean, despite the higher cost that happened this project has potential to unlock value. 
So on that front, we're very confident. 
Ritesh Shah: 
If you can help me correct on the WACC number, like should we bake in say 8%, 8.5%? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
I mean it is not 9%, it is like in the high -- we don't do this -- but I mean, all that I'm telling you 
is that our cost of capital is not 9%, it is lower than that. I mean if you want to take 8% you're 
not far off. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. That helps. My second question is for Mr. Pai. Sir, when we look at the capex that we have 
announced for India operations, when we look at capex intensity, specifically for the 
Sambalpur's smelter. On a per ton basis, it looks very steep as compared to the recent 
announcements in the country. I presume a part of it could be because of RTC facilities that we 
have or I'm not sure whether we have couple downstream assets also inside that capex. So what 
is the best way to appreciate this? 
Satish Pai: 
I think that, I think I've answered now to a couple of media people as well. Don't go by capex 
by people announcements go by capex for people who actually have done the projects. I think 
just making an announcement, I'm going to do X in X, I think the reality only happens when you 
actually place orders and you, there's been reality on the ground of what has happened with 
inflation, metal prices and all that. So my only thing is that whatever we say and do, we have 
calculated and we are quite sure of it. What others have claimed and said those are 
announcements in my opinion. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Fair, perfect. And just a last question on ESG. There's a recent proposal with respect to a single 
default value on carbon, this is more to simplify CBAM and avoid distortions. If there is a single 
default value for, say, India, basically, how should one look at it? Specifically, we are focusing 
on ESG and our capex is also high. So if something of this sort comes, how should we, how are 
we approaching it? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Satish Pai: 
I just wanted to sort of a little bit challenge. I don't think our capex is high. If you look at any of 
the Western world smelter announcements and the cost, I think we are highly competitive. The 
second part, when you say single pass, are you talking about the cost of carbon? 
Ritesh Shah: 
Yes. Carbon intensity per ton of aluminium? 
Satish Pai: 
No, per ton of aluminium, look, there is no single number there. People are, have taken like 6 
tons per ton to be sort of the limit at which they will start to say this is low-carbon aluminium. 
But let me be clear that there is no consistency across any of the markets today on what really 
constitutes low carbon aluminium. 
And if you look at the Platts index, the sort of upside on low carbon aluminium is $15 to $20, 
which is negligible. So I don't think that right now what worries me more is things like CBAM 
where there is an actual price of carbon, which is found out by trading on the European market 
or there is a cost of carbon actually that's developing in India on the CTS platform. So I think 
those are the things to watch because in Europe, it's more like EUR80 per ton of carbon, which 
is pretty high. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Just sir last 2 questions. I'll squeeze in. One is outlook on Alumina. And secondly, 
specifically on bauxite, I think Baphlimali, we have adequate lease life. There were 2 other 
blocks, Damchua and Surbena. Would you like to comment on what the status is over there? 
And any colour on basically participating in the bauxite auctions which are going on in the 
country? 
Satish Pai: 
Have you seen the results of the auction that just finished today? So Karlapat just finished at 175 
premium, which takes the cost of bauxite like INR8,000 a ton. So let me say that, we are not 
new entrants to this field. Again, we have bauxite mines in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Orissa. 
And we will maintain, I think, a far more prudent financial way of looking at how we participate 
and what we are prepared to pay. And those 2 mines you mentioned I've never heard of them. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. Sir, I'll send you a mail on that sir separately. 
Satish Pai: 
Both these auctions are ongoing right now. So Karlapat just finished and there are other formal 
mines that will happen over the next month. . 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And on alumina outlook? 
Satish Pai: 
So alumina look, the prices are around $330, $340 now. I think that there is -- as long as the 
Middle East smelters are out that alumina because that's the largest third-party alumina market 
because China is more or less self-sufficient now. So I think that until the Middle East smelters 
come back, it will remain in that range. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. This is helpful. Thank you so much. All the very best. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Rahul Gupta with Morgan Stanley. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for taking my question. So if you remember last year in your Analyst Day, 
you had guided to 4x of your EBITDA for downstream business in India by fiscal '30. 
Stish Pai: 
Yes. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Now if I look at fiscal '25 and '26 cumulatively is around INR36 billion to INR38 billion of 
EBITDA. Now can you help us understand how are you planning to get to INR145 billion to 
INR150 billion of EBITDA in 4 years. And to that extent, how should we think about margins 
for downstream aluminium and copper business thank you.  
Satish Pai: 
So first, let me clarify what we meant by the downstream. So in that downstream, we include 
aluminium downstream; aluminium specialty sales as well as the copper downstream. So these 
3 put together is what we consider the Hindalco downstream business, and that we said is going 
to go 4x, not just the aluminium downstream. 
Rahul Gupta: 
No, that's true. I take into account all these 3. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. 
Rahul Gupta: 
I'm just giving an example that, when you talk about $300 are not sustainable for downstream 
aluminium and maybe $250 is more sustainable, at least beyond the near-term volatility. How 
should we think about it maybe from a fiscal '29-'30 perspective? And how should we think 
copper business ramping up beyond the near-term benefits? 
Satish Pai: 
So again, the $250, I said was for the remaining quarters of this year because Aditya FRP is just 
ramping up. So, I think the longer-term aluminum downstream EBITDA per ton, we have always 
said it's going to be over $300, and I think that what we probably will have to do is to give more 
clarity on the copper downstream because today, we merge it all together. 
So, I will try to give more clarity on the total downstream probably in the next quarter. You will 
see that we are progressing quite well. The margins from that downstream time tends to be much 
higher than what we were expecting. The real challenge there is getting the products qualified 
and the volumes going up on the downstream side. 
Rahul Gupta: 
That's reassuring. So, the thing that we are trying to understand is that how should we model 
from, say, INR40-odd billion to INR140-odd billion over the next 3, 4 years? But yes, we'll wait 
for more color on that. 
My final question is, can you help us understand more in detail how to look at the royalty 
payments that you're talking about? I'm sorry to harp on it again, but just to understand this 
better, if you have any clarity on this? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Satish Pai: 
No, I don't have any further than what I said. I mean, the brand is held by Birla Group Holdings 
Private Limited which has not in the past, charged any royalty. Now there's -- we are putting 
enough framework the royalty will be charged investments will be done to enhance the brand. 
And it's as a percentage of the revenue capped at INR225 crores a year. So, Hindalco and Novelis 
will pay INR225 crores per year. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Yes. That I understand. Sorry, 1 follow-up on this. Does this, in any way, distort the dividend 
payout policy for the company? 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. I mean just -- again, I'll repeat, this is significantly below any materiality for Hindalco. 
It doesn't change capital allocation, dividend, nothing. 
Rahul Gupta: 
Got it. Thank you so much. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Vikash Singh with ICC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vikash Singh: 
Good evening, sir, and thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good set of 
numbers. Sir, my question pertains to the incidence claim in Novelis. If I remember, we claimed 
that at least 75% of all the business losses would be recoverable from the insurance claims. So, 
since we got the first tranche. Any idea if so, what is the total sum which we will get, and how 
this will be coming to in the next quarter or how this will be spread out in the next few quarters? 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Yes. Dave? 
Devinder Ahuja: 
Yes. So, I think that we have explained that. So, look, as of the end of this quarter, our cumulative 
cash flow impact has been of the order of 1.4 billion net of all recoveries, which is 300 million 
so far. We expect insurance recoveries. It is almost impossible to exactly time them. It's a 
process. Net-net, what I can guide you is that -- at the end, when all insurance recoveries come, 
our net loss, cash impact from the fire will be about 600 million, right. 
So, the 1.4 billion impact so far will keep coming down with insurance recovery and at the end, 
will be left to bear net about approximately 600 million. Now timing, we expect as I said, steady 
recoveries, but a couple of hundred million, a couple of hundred million may go into the 
following fiscal year, i.e. fiscal year '28, but a good decent recovery will happen within this 
fiscal year. 
Vikash Singh: 
No, sir. Sir, I probably missed out on our total hedging on the aluminum side as well as the cost 
inflation in the Q2. If you could you repeat that sir? 
Satish Pai: 
I'll repeat it. So, we are -- for FY27, we have hedged 29% at $3,004 a ton and the currency, 18% 
at 91.63. Our costs went up by about 5% Q1 to Q4, and we are expecting another 5%, 6% Q2 to 
Q1 in rupee terms. 
Vikash Singh: 
Just 1 clarification. If I remember correctly, last quarter, we said that we have stopped hedging 
once the war has erupted, so why this is still on the blend seems to be on a lower side. So just… 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. I think this year, if you take FY27, we stopped because the -- it's in a deep backwardation. 
So, this year, we are not adding any more. The hedging that we are doing from now on is for 
FY28. FY27, if you take the number that I had last time, and now there is no change. 
Vikash Singh: 
Noted sir. Noted. And for '28, what's the -- how much is hedged at what price? 
Satish Pai: 
So '28 currently now FY28, we are at -- where are we? 21% at 3,160 and we are trying to catch 
levels at 3,200. Our view on FY28 is that once the Middle East smelters come back, we think 
that 3,200 is a good level for FY28. It's a high capex year for us, so we want to protect our cash 
flows for FY28. 
Vikash Singh: 
Very well, sir. Thank you and all the best for future. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Rajesh Majumdar at 360 ONE Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on the copper smelter expansion. With 
the current crisis going on in the concentrate market, how, I mean, bad or good is the timing for 
the copper center expansion? And a related question is that, can we be using scrap instead of 
concentrating the smelter to get a different product mix as you have the smelter going to be 
commissioned in FY29, yes? 
Satish Pai: 
So really, my theory always has been that you should do a smelter when it's the most adverse 
condition because by the time the smelter comes up, it will be 3 years out. So, we look at these 
things in the long term. And I think that if you look at the downstream copper demand in India, 
you look at supply chain of precious metals and all that, we think it will still give us a good 
return. 
And having the capacity in India, where the market demand is very strong, we think will be 
economically beneficial. On the scrap, yes, the smelter uses some scrap, but we also have the 
scrap melting project in Pakhajan commissioning this year. So, we'll be using quite a lot of 
copper scrap as well. And that is certainly more financially viable. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, what is the economics of the recycling waste a project is going to commission FY27, 
brief idea on that? 
Satish Pai: 
So actually, we'll have to wait until some of these metals that we are looking at comes out. But 
on a pure copper term, the return right now is quite attractive compared to the copper smelting. 
And when I say copper smelting, I'm taking the sulfuric acid sale along with it. Its still recycling 
is quite more attractive than that. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Can you down to a kind of payback here, will it be possible for you to give that on the… 
Satish Pai: 
So, the IRR of the project is in the high teens. So that should tell you on payback. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
That's it. And sir, my other question is on Aditya Alumina refinery because that is already 95% 
which order has been placed, and that will come probably somewhere in the middle of FY28 if 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
I'm not mistaken. So, I think number here will be -- okay. So -- and because Aditya Alumina 
smelter will not come before FY29. So, what is the kind of merchant alumina will be selling, 
say, in FY28 and that kind of figure or FY27 and FY28? 
Satish Pai: 
The first, the 180 pots of Aditya smelter will come at exactly the same time as the refinery 
coming up. The expansion is in 2 phases, 180-180. The first 180 will come in December of '27. 
The next 180 will come in December of '28 we will still be net long of alumina of about 800, 
which we will continue, which is just our position today. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. They will remain broadly the same amount. Not significantly. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, can you give me the combined impact of the cost savings of the captive coal mines, 
Chakla, Bandha and Meenakshi even fully commissioned what is the combined impact of the 
coal import on basis of phenomena aluminum making cost? 
Satish Pai: 
I think I'll leave it to say that it will be fairly attractive. I think you will see it in our results as 
they come in. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay. So, is it possible to give a per ton cost for FY28 reduction on the coal of 1.5 million tons 
whatever 1.6 million tons we talked about from Chakla and Bandha? 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. I can't. I won't do that. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Thank you. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this was the last question. You can connect with 
IR team for your further questions. I now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you very much for listening. And I think that the important part to note this quarter, 
besides the numbers was that, all the sectors of our business, upstream, downstream, Novelis, 
copper did very well. And I think the significant part for us was the strength of Novelis' 
performance in Q1, which I think is going to get better as we go forward this year. So overall, I 
think that Hindalco is poised for a good FY27. Thank you for your attention. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hindalco Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
