Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com  
 
Regd. Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 517334
Symbol: MOTHERSON
 
Ref:  Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and three months ended June 
30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir (s) / Madam (s), 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
the Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and three months ended June 30, 2026, 
for your information and records. 
 
The transcript of earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at www.motherson.com.  
 
The above is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed 
by ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2026.08.13 
19:46:05 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
Q1 FY '27 Results Conference Call” 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
Director 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital 
Whole-Time Director and President- SAMIL 
 
Mr. Gandharv Tongia 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Rajat Jain 
Chief Operating Officer, Vision Systems and Vehicle Systems Business Division 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Results Conference Call 
hosted by Samvardhana Motherson International Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
Please note this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal from Motherson. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you, and good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the Q1 FY '27 
earnings call of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited.  
We are pleased to report our highest-ever quarterly revenue in Q1 FY '27, driven by robust 
performance across our businesses. Revenue grew by 17% year-on-year and 3% 
sequentially during the quarter. It is worth noting that historically, Q1 has always seen a 
sequential decline in revenue over Q4. This year, however, Q1 revenues came in higher 
than Q4 FY '26, underscoring the strength of the momentum across our businesses. 
 
The growth was driven by healthy performance across all our core businesses as well as 
our emerging businesses, particularly those built using our D.E.M.A.L. capabilities, 
namely consumer electronics and aerospace.  
Within wiring harness, there was strong momentum in India, combined with the recovery 
in the North American commercial vehicle business, which drove 31% year-on-year 
revenue growth. The modules and polymer, vision systems as well as integrated 
assemblies businesses grew in-line with the industry.  
Our consumer electronics business continues to scale meaningfully. The third facility 
remains on track for commissioning in the third quarter of FY '27 and will bring added 
upstream integration capabilities. Capex for this third facility is expected to be 
approximately INR 65 billion spread over a period of 3 years, building manufacturing 
capacity of 40 million units annually at full scale. Our Aerospace business delivered 
revenue growth of over 20% year-on-year, while the order book grew by more than 17% 
since FY '26 end, giving us strong visibility on future growth.  
EBITDA grew by 26% during the quarter, ahead of revenue growth, with EBITDA margin 
improving by 60 basis points year-on-year. This improvement was primarily driven by the 
modules and polymer business, wherein the restructuring initiatives undertaken over the 
last 1.5 years to breathe with the market helped absorb input cost inflation and deliver 
year-on-year margin improvement. 
 
Normalized PAT grew by 55% in the first quarter of FY '27, driven by the scale-up across 
our businesses. There were no one-off items impacting PAT this quarter. Adjusted for the 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
normalization in the base quarter, the Q1 FY '27 PAT grew 102% on a reported basis. These 
results were delivered against a genuinely tough external business environment, which 
makes this performance all the more meaningful. 
 
Globally, the light vehicle industry de-grew by 1.8% year-on-year during the quarter, led by 
weaknesses in China, the largest automotive market, which de-grew by 3.1%. South Asia, 
led by India, was a clear bright spot and continued to see strong growth. Planned European 
OEM launches are expected to support industry growth in the quarters and years ahead.  
On the commercial vehicle side, a recovery in North American market has sustained the 
CV industry's growth momentum, which is estimated to have grown 5.4% year-on-year. 
The outlook for the CV industry remains favorable through FY '27.  
That said, certain developments did weigh on the business during the quarter. Copper 
prices continued to rise up 4% sequentially, following increases of 13% and 16% 
sequentially in the third quarter of FY '26 and the fourth quarter of FY '26, respectively. On 
a year-on-year basis, copper prices are now up 40%, creating near-term input cost 
pressures, as these costs are typically passed on to the customers with a lag of 1 or 2 
quarters.  
Geopolitically driven crude price inflation also pushed polymer prices in Germany up by 
55% year-on-year and 66% sequentially. This primarily affected our MPP and Vision 
Systems divisions. Nonetheless, both divisions held flat to improving margins aided by 
ongoing cost optimization initiatives. 
 
We continue to work with our customers to pass on these higher input costs. Freight costs 
were similarly affected, with the World Container Index up 40% year-on-year and 83% 
sequentially. In certain instances, we incurred additional costs to ensure timely delivery 
to our customers.  
Detailed divisional performance and the underlying drivers of revenue and profitability are 
covered on Slide 15 to 18 of the presentation. 
With that, I will now hand over to our CFO, Gandharv, to take you through the key highlights 
on capital allocation, our balance sheet and recent M&A activity. Gandharv. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Thank you, Vaaman.  
We continued to invest heavily in capex during the quarter to build future revenue streams. 
We spent INR 1,614 crores on capex in the first quarter, in-line with our full year guidance 
of INR 6,000 crores, plus/minus 10%. This represented 52% of the quarter's EBITDA 
invested across growth, backward integration and maintenance capex and should 
support both business expansion and margin improvement going forward. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
3 plants were operationalised during the quarter, and we currently have 13 facilities at 
various stages of development, of which 10 are expected to become operational during 
the course of this year. Despite this continued investment in growth, we further improved 
our leverage position. Our leverage ratio is now at an all-time low of 0.8x, well within our 
financial policy ceiling of 2.5x and our internal aspiration of staying below 1.5x. This 
reflects the financial discipline we continue to maintain across the organization.  
We also made further progress on the inorganic growth front during the quarter. We 
announced the acquisition of Shenzhen Autocruis, a company primarily engaged in 
interior and exterior digital vision and monitoring systems. This acquisition broadens 
Motherson's technology offering and competitiveness in interior and exterior digital vision 
systems and strengthen our position in next-generation mobility. Key products include 
camera monitoring system, full display mirrors, 360-degree around view monitoring 
system, driver monitoring system and dashcam with video recording.  
We also completed the acquisition of Nexans Autoelectric and Yutaka Giken in July. 
Nexans Autoelectric acquisition increases our addressable market through the addition 
of passenger vehicle and commercial vehicle wiring harness capabilities globally, 
improves our relationship with large OEMs and opens up cross-selling possibilities. Key 
products include PV and CV wiring harness, specialty harness, safety components and 
body harness. Yutaka Giken marked our third acquisition of our Honda-san linked asset. 
It will be housed under a new vertical within our emerging businesses called ‘Vehicle 
Systems’ with a product range spanning exhaust systems, brake discs and others. This 
acquisition expands our product portfolio and unlocks new growth opportunities for the 
Company. 
Overall, this was a very good quarter for the Company. We remain very positive on the 
Company's growth prospects through increasing content per vehicle, deepening 
relationships with our OEM partners and serving new opportunities across powertrains. 
We will continue to leverage our D.E.M.A.L. capabilities to scale up our non-automotive 
businesses. As always, our focus remains on financial prudence. 
Thank you, and we will now open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Our first question comes from the line of Binay Singh with Morgan Stanley. 
Binay Singh: 
Two questions. One on the existing business. We are adding 2 companies this quarter, 
Yutaka and Nexans. Could you remind us again about the annualized run-rate and the 
margin that these businesses are at? 
And the second one on consumer electronics, the capex number that we have disclosed, 
as I understand, it's only for what Motherson will do INR 65 billion. What is the full capex 
of this project? Like is the other partner also bringing in capital? And any sort of trajectory 
on how to think about revenue potential from this 40 million annual capacity? 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Gandharv, you can take the first one on the sales and what we have for the acquisitions on 
Nexans and I will take the consumer electronics one. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Sure. Thanks Binay, for your question. Both of these businesses put together, Yutaka and 
Nexans should contribute almost close to USD 2 billion to our top-line on annualized 
basis. Over the midterm, the margin profile should broadly reflect the comparable margins 
in this particular industry. 
And as you know, in general, our aspiration is that all of our businesses, whether the 
recently acquired businesses or the existing businesses should meet our internal 
expectation of 40% ROCE. And we believe that over the period, all the acquisitions should 
contribute and move in that direction. On the second part of the question as Vaaman 
mentioned I will defer to him. Vaaman, over to you. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, for the consumer electronics business, our joint venture partner does have 10%. So 
they are bringing 10% of their equity. They do have an opportunity to go up to 49%, but at 
the moment they are holding that 10%. So, we are funding 90% of the equity. The complete 
capex requirement of Phase 1 would be finished in this year and it will ramp very close to 
the facilities to be ready. We will have a formal inauguration in a couple of months as well 
for that facility, It should be the largest facility in Motherson. So, historic moment for us. 
The size and scale of that facility is first, hopefully of many that will come. And I request 
for another 2 quarters for you to really see the impact of that and what sort of revenue run-
rate that will come. It does ramp much faster unlike the automotive business, which 
ramps as the customer program launches and it takes about 2 years to really get to the 
height of the program. There you see a much faster launch that will happen in the next 
couple of months. These orders are also currently in negotiation and you can imagine that 
consumer electronics does not have such long order tails. It happens more in the same 
year itself. So, all that is happening as we speak and I think you will see that impact in the 
next couple of quarters as these plants launch. There could be a quarter here and there. 
But like I said, we are pretty excited in the next 2 quarters. It will launch in a very meaningful 
way. 
Binay Singh: 
Just one follow-up on the first question. So even Nexans in wiring harness, is it now closer 
to our EBITDA margin of 11% also? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
See, as of now, not necessarily the newly acquired businesses are meeting the 
comparable industry benchmark. But as we have done in several of the acquisitions over 
the period, the objective is to transform and we believe that the new acquisition, including 
Nexans and Yutaka, we should be able to transform over the period and improve their 
margin profile in times to come. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Just to add on that, look, I think these are meaningful and strategic acquisitions for us. The 
size and scale of our wire harness business is, of course, much larger than what we have 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
acquired from Nexans. So, we are very much excited about the possibilities of clubbing 
together our purchasing and driving synergies together, which we have done, if you have 
seen with how we did with MWSI, PKC. So, I am sure that the wire harness team is 
extremely excited about this opportunity. Yutaka brings in completely new products for 
us. So, it perhaps will take slightly longer as we get more comfortable and understand how 
to drive more synergies with this. But again, opening up new customers, opening up new 
locations for this business and bringing in vital capability to increase our product portfolio 
that we can bring to all the other customers as well. Of course, that takes a little bit of 
time, but that should grow up nicely. So, we're very excited about these 2 acquisitions. 
Binay Singh: 
Great, thanks team. Thanks for that. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gunjan Prithyani with Bank of America. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Thanks for taking my question. Just a quick follow-up again on the consumer electronics. 
Looking for a bit more clarity, there was this INR 26 billion that you called out earlier in 
terms of investment. So, this INR 65 billion is on top of that? So, just trying to understand 
the cumulative business is INR 65 billion plus INR 26 billion? The INR 26 billion is already 
done -  is that fair to assume? 
And what would be the cumulative units that you have called out 40 million for third plant? 
Is there a cumulative number for the business that you can share on the consumer 
electronics? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Vaaman, you want me to clarify that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, please I will add on. 
Gandharv Tongia: 
So, thanks a lot for your question. The overall capex, including what we have already 
incurred in this facility, including GF 1, GF 2 and GF 3, should be around INR 7,500 crores. 
As of now, we have more or less incurred 1/3rd of it, 1/3rd of INR 7,500 crores, and balance 
is expected to be incurred in the next 2 to 3 years. As far as the third plant capacity is 
concerned, it should be around 40 million units annually at full capacity, and this will be 
achieved over the period. 
And as Vaaman mentioned in the response to the first question, we are trying our best to 
commission this facility later in the current calendar year. I hope I have clarified, but happy 
to attend your follow-up question. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. No, that's helpful. Okay. And the second question that I had was on the margins. 
There's a fair bit of benefit that we are getting from the restructuring program or 
optimization program. Is there a way you can give us some sense of what was the 
commodity or metal I mean, all these pressures that you are seeing, what was that 
headwind in this quarter and the offset that we saw from the restructuring program? 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
And how do we think, is there a way that we can think through more pressure in quarter 2? 
Is there more to come through in terms of the headwind on the RM side? So, some color 
on the margins, if you can focus a bit more on the modules because that's where the 
restructuring bit was? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Sure. I will see how I can help with that. Look, the restructuring of the European footprint, 
if you look at what we have been saying for the last few years, we have acquired a lot of 
businesses as well, a lot of businesses the customer requested us to look into. So, we 
actually added a lot of footprint in Europe with the acquisitions that we had done. The 
restructuring was done so that to keep in-line with these new facilities that we had 
acquired. 
And of course, some of the distressed assets in these facilities were not running at full 
capacity, so to speak, because the EVs did not come out as expected by a lot of these 
suppliers who invested heavily. 
So, restructuring the footprint required that we were able to drive some of these units that 
were not driving, if they are not producing at full capacity to merge them, combine them 
and also, of course, trim some headcount at these locations and focus and combine more 
locations together. So that the locations are now able to sustain and add decent capacity 
levels with headroom for future growth as we do believe that the new programs that the 
customers are now launching, the new state of EVs definitely have a much better response 
from the customers. 
And it's evident that the erstwhile ones didn't perform as expected. So, this headcount 
restructuring in-tune with the market as our customers were also rebalancing their lines. 
You saw a lot of news coming from the general OEMs that they were also reducing, ours 
was done in-line with that and to make our footprint more optimized. 
Right now, we believe, of course, that it is at a decent level. Of course, there are new 
programs that are still coming. Customers are still asking us to do more acquisitions. We 
are constantly looking at balancing this whole thing up. There is also an opportunity 
perhaps to do more in this financial year, which we are focusing on to try to be the most 
efficient producer. 
But of course, the commodity pressures, which are happening, those are negotiations that 
we continue to have with the customers, which are out of our control, and we try to get, of 
course, compensation if it goes either which way. And of course, in the last couple of 
quarters, it's only been going in a negative manner. So, there is a lag for us to be able to go 
and claim that. 
But I think the reduction in the headcount and the optimization of the footprint, you're 
seeing those benefits which are meaningful that even with such high impact of the 
commodity prices and logistics for all the issues that are happening in the world that we've 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
been able to maintain, and of course, improve some of our performance in the margins. 
And again, as a Company, we're not really focused on just the EBITDA margins. We believe 
that the whole program should deliver 40% ROCE, that takes time. 
So of course, margins have a contribution to that. So, we are tracking it. But overall, the 
idea is to have an extremely efficient footprint in the region; I mean that is profitable and 
then, of course, get back the lost contribution for the margin pressures towards the end of 
the year when we see the entire volume play out of the customers of these programs. I 
hope that was there. 
I mean there's a tremendous amount of programs, customers, locations. So, to get into 
final details of all of that only happens towards the end of the year as we go customer by 
customer, program by program, and we're in the middle of a lot of launches that are 
happening right now as well. So, really difficult to quantify it in the first quarter. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. That's pretty useful color. I mean just a follow-up; is there any way to break up the 
benefit that we have in terms of, just to understand, how much were we able to offset? Or 
maybe if you can give us a color on how much was the commodity impact, RM impact in 
this quarter, just to think through, how do we think about the normalized margin, if there 
is a number that you guys can share? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Ma'am, I would love to give you a number. The thing is that each customers have different 
grades of engineered plastics. So, these do not move exactly in-line with just how crude 
prices move. Some moves higher, some moves lower, some are fairly static. And as you 
know, we're not making one product. It's not just a bumper, it's dashboards, blue prints, 
claddings, mirrors. There are hundreds of different products that we are supplying. 
So, each program is actually what we look at towards, again, the end of the year only with 
the whole year going through, because some quarters, there might be lower pickup, but 
then that it picks up later in the year. So, we don't have that kind of a mechanism where 
we're doing it every month or something like that. I think with the wiring harness for copper, 
that's a more direct one because it's a direct commodity. But with the plastics and what 
we have in Europe, it's a lot more complicated and the relationship is not exactly 1:1. So 
that happens only towards the end of the year 
That's why you see most of our Q4 are the ones where we have the strongest kind of 
performance because all the nettings and all of that kind of happen in that quarter. And 
the volume also is enough time for the customer to understand that it's a meaningful 
impact over the year, and we're not going back every single month for something like that. 
Of course, if the impact is there is something that is really out of the extraordinary in terms 
of some of the logistics costs because of what happened with Strait of Hormuz and stuff 
like that, we look for immediate support on things like that. But mostly, these volume 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
compensations and what happens on commodity price happens, it doesn't happen in 
every month or so. 
Usually there is a little bit of lag in time that the customer needs and also some time for 
them to catch up on their models. So, we'll really be able to talk more about that in Q4 and 
what kind of numbers that kind of impacted. I think that will be the right time to discuss 
that. I think what you should take out is, look, even in probably one of the most difficult 
quarters in terms of fluctuation of commodity prices and logistics and what's happening 
in the world, we were able to hold margins, improve margins, which means that the other 
actions which we have taken to rightsize our operations has really worked and helped us 
in our favor. 
And again, the customers are really appreciating us because there are not so many strong 
suppliers with a strong balance sheet and performance like us. And hence, we're also 
getting a lot more growth opportunities. And we have just announced 2 more acquisitions 
and our balance sheet is again at one of the strongest point. So, I think you should really 
take a lot of strength from the kind of report that we are making that we're in good shape. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Got it. No, that's really helpful. Best wishes. I'll join back in the queue. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amyn Pirani with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Two questions. One related to the quarter on wiring harness. Now you mentioned that 
obviously, copper prices went up and margins were impacted by the denominator effect 
and the pass-through. But if I look at the numbers, honestly, it doesn't look like there has 
been any impact. And I just wonder how much higher the margins could have been if the 
commodity was not there? 
So are there any like you have spoken at length about the polymer, is there any structural 
cost changes, any mix changes which are helping the underlying margins for wiring 
harness because given the commodity and the copper inflation, a 30-basis points margin 
impact is, at least in our view, not really anything material. So, what's going on there, if you 
could help us? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Pankaj Sir, do you want to take that and I can support later on. 
Pankaj Mital: 
I can explain that. So basically, while copper has gone up, there is an impact, as we've 
explained that on an overall basis, we have a pass-through, which has a lag of 3 to 6 
months. If you see quarter-on-quarter, there's a 4%-5% impact if you look at a global thing. 
So, the impact has been very, very high in India because the impact is also having the 
currency factor with the rupee depreciation. However, globally, if you look at it, the impact 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
is not so much because if we are in Europe, the impact has been in dollar terms, but in 
euro terms has been much less. 
Secondly, on an overall basis, some of the facilities globally, since we are in so many 
geographies and there are multiple businesses, some of them which were not doing so 
well in the first quarter of last year have fared better. And the US market has also started 
to rise. So that has also given us a very improved performance compared to the last year. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
If I could add, I think this is really fantastic performance by the wiring harness team. In the 
last few years, the China volumes were significantly impacted and the US also saw 
slowdown. So, we really worked hard at, again, chipping away at the cost base that we 
have for these businesses. And now that those markets are coming back, I think you're 
seeing that the impact of what happened in India with the wage rate increases and the 
copper hitting harder here. 
Overall, it was fairly muted because of the diversification, the cost improvement actions 
taken by the team. So really, we are really quite impressed with how hard the team has 
worked during these tough times. And those steps which were taken in the last couple of 
years for the international wiring harness business is really helping us to show this kind of 
a performance. So, it was well done by the team. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Yes. I mean a very good performance here as well. My second question is slightly more 
medium term. In your automotive business, obviously, Europe is a large part of revenues 
across segments and even China is an important part. How should we think about the 
Chinese OEM engagement in China because in China also, I think most of your 
engagement is with European OEMs. So, is there an engagement happening with Chinese 
OEMs in China? 
And the medium-term question is with respect to Europe because as these Chinese are 
already gaining market share in Europe and planning to put up facilities in Europe, do you 
think that there will be engagement for you with Chinese OEMs? How should we think 
about the medium-term opportunity here? Because it looks like the European OEMs at the 
margin are losing some share to this new competition? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, our entire business in China is balanced well. I think, of course, we started the 
business in China with the international OEMs, but the local market is also transitioning 
more towards the local OEMs, which we are also reflecting in our business. Of course, we 
are being extremely picky because we are very focused on the top-line and bottom-line. 
 
So, we do not chase top-line where we cannot make the profitability margins. So, we have 
seen a lot of the local Chinese OEMs also been added to our product mix in China. 
However, we still are the largest share of the business with the international OEMs with 
the local JV partnerships in China, which I think is still holding on and doing well.  

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
Yes, the numbers have come down, and we have seen a little bit of shift towards the 
Chinese OEMs, which our businesses are also making that shift. Now because we already 
have those good relationships with those local Chinese OEMs that we have over time and 
selectively built, I think that gives us good strength for us as these businesses -- as these 
OEMs move to Europe and other locations. 
We do, we've already been visited by them. We already have those relationships with 
them. And we're also discussing supplies with them. So Motherson is, as you know, an 
independent supplier. We supply to all OEMs. So, wherever we do see that we could make 
the returns as a profitable business, we will surely supply.  
And I think we're probably in one of the best place because of our international presence, 
because of our local presence in China, our numerous local Chinese JV partners, which 
we have a very strong relationship with. So, wherever these OEMs are going outside, we're 
definitely getting the opportunity to supply to them first because we're already supplying 
to them in China.  
But like I said, I think when you're talking about market share loss and things like that for 
the OEMs, I would be careful and look at the numbers a little bit more in detail going on 
over there. And the situation is not as bad. I think the international OEMs are, of course, 
holding ground in their regions, and we're seeing some OEMs also have growth with their 
new program launches that are competing head on with the EV launches of the Chinese 
OEMs.  
So, and like I said, for us, the more customers there are, the more opportunities for us to 
supply. So, for us, we don't really, we are fairly balanced, and we will continue to grow 
even with the Chinese OEMs that are coming into Europe because of our deep 
relationships already established with them in the local market. 
Amyn Pirani:  
 
That's really good to know. Thanks for that, Vaaman. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kapil Singh with Nomura. 
Kapil Singh: 
The question is a bit strategic in nature. Just wanted to understand there are several new 
areas which are throwing up substantial opportunities, for example, robotics or industrial 
automation, AI-related areas or semiconductors. So, which of these areas are of interest 
for you or you are studying? And do you think there is a match in terms of ability for 
Motherson to tap those opportunities? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Great question. Answer is all of them. Look, we haven't really spoken about some of the 
other businesses because we are in building block of these businesses because these are 
new growth opportunities. And again, with our D.E.M.A.L., the design, engineering, 
manufacturing, assembly, logistics framework and core competence that we have 
developed at Motherson.  

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
We are being looked at many of these companies that are looking for meaningful 
partnerships, of course, in India, but globally also to be able to take advantage of the 
progress that we have in the operational excellence of manufacturing and be able to 
supply to them. So, we are definitely doing stuff in semi-conductor. We are supplying 
already to some of the players in that field, of course, in the B2B kind of segment for 
manufacturing and supporting there and their ambitions in India and in their countries. 
So, there is some opportunities there, which we will again come back to once it reaches a 
size of scale. That is currently being reflected in a small way in the numbers that you are 
seeing. But again, I'm really positive about what we're going to be doing in the semi-
conductor. You will also hear more about potential joint ventures that we are discussing 
with at the moment. 
Of course, I cannot disclose until they are signed, but we are very much a JV specialist. So, 
with these partners that are looking to, again, expand in India, we become a partner of 
choice with our track record on that. I'm also really glad to tell you that we already have 
won small orders for actually supporting production. 
Again, I cannot really disclose too much on that because as you know, the market right 
now is extremely niche and only growing, but we have already targeted those kinds of 
customers and to bring new solutions from our product portfolio to be able to supply to 
that. Again, the numbers are extremely small right now.  
But I think, again, as this business grows, we are setting ourselves and sowing the seeds 
to be in a great position to be able to supply to these businesses because if you look at 
some of the volume projections, they're absolutely mind-boggling. But again, we cannot 
comment on any of that right now because it really hasn't happened. 
So, we will wait for that to happen. But we are positioning ourselves that if these 
businesses do take off in the future, we are well positioned to take advantage and supply 
from our complete solution suite in terms of plastics, electronics, wiring harness, 
everything that is required in these businesses to be able to go after them.  
And our own use of robotics is also really increasing. We have our own Company inside 
called ROBIS, which has done some stellar work to be able to help manufacturing and 
automation drive that we are putting in all our facilities globally. And our strategy of 
producing locally, source locally, produce locally, supply locally.  
Now with AI, automation, the labor arbitrage and everything really becomes really 
miniscule because if you're able to really automate and bring all of these kinds of cost 
synergies or drive, you can really be competitive in any location because now with logistics 
costs being so high and so much volatility in currencies and logistics, I think local 
production is being preferred everywhere by a lot of our customers.  

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
So that really gives us upper-hand to be able to supply, again, our D.E.M.A.L. capabilities 
to these customers for all bunch of different things, everything that means manufacturing, 
and we're really going after these businesses to get to 108, you will see that some of these 
things will help us to get there. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thanks, Vaaman. That's very exciting to hear about. Few of the questions on consumer 
electronics. Just wanted to know what is our current capacity and the utilization level? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, it's again, I can't tell you too much about those numbers. The current 2 facilities are a 
fraction of what the new facility is going to be at. And these were just to prove it out that 
we could do it, and we have experience because this is the largest facility in Motherson 
Group. So, you can understand the size and scale of this, the factory is the size of thirty-
three football fields in a row. So, in that sense, the first two facilities were just prototypes 
and I think small batch production just with the process. It's a very, it's a 17-stage process 
to get the glass products that we do. So highly technical, requires a lot of engineering, a 
lot of getting used to and the scrap rates and everything are like even a small fraction one 
is a meaningful impact.  
So, to really get it right to understand the chemistry, to understand how to deal with glass, 
extremely fragile, scratches very, very easily and gets completely rejected. So very 
different to what we've been doing in some of the other products portfolio. 
So again, I think you guys have to be just a little bit more patient with us. I think two 
quarters, you will see, you will see that. And like I said, we can give you a volume kind of 
growth, but what kind of revenues and all that generate depends on the programs, it 
depends on the future, depends on what we finally win, which is all happening as we 
speak.  
So please just be a little bit more patient. I know we've kept you guys waiting for some of 
this, but please believe me, it's worth it. It's going to be great for our Company to be able 
to upstream into this new business and create something a complete new line of business 
for the group that will be meaningful. And we will share a lot of these things with you in a 
couple of quarters as we ourselves learn and understand how this business is fully ramped 
up and how it goes. 
Kapil Singh: 
Okay. And just lastly on emerging businesses, because it involves a lot of new businesses 
and probably we don't understand it so well. So, what I'm noticing is that the margins, at 
least on a quarter-on-quarter basis have been moving up and down a lot. So, can you just 
help us understand what is causing this? Is there some kind of seasonality here we should 
keep in mind? Or is the mix changing? Just any color here to help understand this will be 
helpful. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. Look, and I think Gandharv can support me. If you look in the emerging businesses, 
we are clubbing a lot of different businesses together right now because they're all at the 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
infancy stage. There are facilities that are ramping up. There are new programs that are 
launching over there. 
And again, once these become meaningful in size, we will bifurcate them so that you will 
get a more detailed picture on, for example, consumer electronics itself, we will look to 
see, to give you a lot more clarity because that is obviously one of our largest facilities with 
the capex, etcetera. So right now, you see some of that clubbing effort, which is happening 
with some of those emerging businesses all coming together to give you a more 
consolidated view. 
And like I said, we are in the middle of ramp-ups, new facilities that have come to support 
what the orders are going to come. But I think again, in coming quarters, you will see a lot 
more detailed view of that. But you can see that there's tremendous amount of growth 
there, a lot of the electronics piece that we are doing in consumer electronics, not just 
with this facility of glass, but also other capabilities that we are building for what we want 
to do with SMT lines and things like that. 
We have a lot of use of PCBs ourselves. So, there are a lot of things that we are thinking 
and we are trying out ourselves, which is there. But again, I think, in a couple of quarters, 
by the end of this year, you will see a lot more clarity on that as some of these things come 
up to full swing, and we are kind of fully ready to present to you what we are doing in some 
of these new growth areas. 
Kapil Singh: 
 
Thank you so much and look forward to that. Best wishes 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Raghunandhan N. L. with Nuvama Research. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Good evening team, in the investor presentation thank you for sharing the quarterly region-
wise revenue mix. That was very helpful. On my first question, with the Nexans acquisition, 
will the existing India business, for instance, Motherson and Motherson Sumi Wiring India, 
benefit from the support like technology support? Can there be synergy? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Pankaj, will you take that? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes. Raghunandhan, obviously, wherever we do business, we always support. So, if there 
is something which is required in the Indian market, that will always be available. So, at 
the moment, both SAMIL's continuous knowledge gain and the company in India is 
supported by Sumitomo and MSWIL, and Kyungshin is supported by Kyungshin's technical 
knowledge because that's dedicated to Hyundai and Kia businesses. Whatever we gain 
knowledge anywhere in the world is obviously available to our child companies. 
Raghunandhan N. L.: 
Noted Sir, going back to consumer electronics for FY '26, it is great to see INR 1,300 crores 
revenue and 8% EBITDA margin. This increase in capex to INR 7,500 crores, I assume 2.5x 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
asset turnover, it can do as much as INR 20,000 crores revenue by 2030 with double-digit 
margins. Do you think something like that is realistic and achievable? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, we cannot give you any forward projections. But of course, you have to understand 
that these facilities and things that we are putting in will be one-time kind of investments 
for this facility, and we will hopefully be able to reap the rewards of it for the next 20 years 
in the facility that we do put in. It's not, it's not something that is only for this program or 
something for that. 
So please do have heart. These are flagship kind of investments that we are making in 
these things. And then, of course, over the years, we do see this business also being able 
to give us 40% ROCEs as we grow. How do we have to get there, of course, it's uphill climb. 
But I think the most important thing is to be able to show to the customer that we can ramp 
very, very large facilities in new product lines, with new customers, with new quality specs 
and do that very successfully. 
And I think this is just first of many. And hopefully, with the launch of this, we will be able 
to showcase to this customer and to other customers that we could now perhaps attempt 
to double the size of this facility with our capabilities, with the learnings and everything 
that we have got. So, definitely looking to ramp from here. 
Of course, a lot depends on the product actually that we win because it's a fairly diversified 
kind of a product. Applications are very, very large. We're only focusing on one side as we 
are proving ourselves in this business. But yes, we are very, very hopeful that this capacity 
will give us returns for many, many years. 
And this product is definitely not going anywhere. Glass will continue to be used in a 
meaningful way, a lot of consumer electronics. And we hope to give you a lot better 
returns, this what you're seeing right now at the startup phase when it's that ramp. 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Raghunandan, does that answer your question? 
Raghunandhan N. L. 
Yes, yes. Thank you very much. That's very helpful. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Siddhanth from ASK Investments. 
Siddhanth: 
Yes. Sir, my first question is just a clarification. When we say that 38% of the wiring harness 
revenue came from India, we are including 100% of the Motherson wiring business. And 
then later on, we are deducting the 100% under the JV method. Is it right? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Gandharv? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
Vaaman, yeah. I'll take this, whatever is of MSWIL, that is accounted as associate or joint 
venture and what we have explained, that is what we do. But we also have export business 
that is included in SAMIL. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
Siddhanth: 
Yes. But my understanding was correct, right, including 100% of the Motherson wiring and 
then we are deducting 100%? 
Gandharv Tongia: 
That's right. And the profit is then accounted for as a share of JV and Associates. 
Siddhanth: 
Right. Sir, my second question is regarding the GF-3 facility. Right now, the JV share is 90-
10. So how should we model the revenue going forward? Will it be like 90-10 or it will be 
50-50 once they convert the shares? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Right now, we don't have any indication that they want to go up. So, I cannot really 
comment on that. They have the opportunity to do so, but they are currently quite happy 
at that 10%. So, if that changes, we will definitely come back to you. But currently, it is 
what it is. 
Siddhanth: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Chandramouli Muthiah with Goldman Sachs. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
My first question is just around the upcoming facility, the third facility under the consumer 
electronics business. Just given the scale and size of the plant, is this being planned to 
have maybe fungible lines and capabilities to have products beyond the glass products 
that we're already making today? 
And just related to this, I wanted to understand in your own sort of internal models, when 
do you expect the consumer electronics business to fund its own capex? What is the sort 
of time frame that you have on that? And in a steady state, what sort of asset turns would 
you aspire for in the consumer electrics business? That's my first question. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thanks for that. Look, in the consumer electronics business, like I said, this current 
product is glass and the applications are large. But what we are doing and the capacities 
that we are setting up in this facility are already completely taken by the customer that we 
have. It's Motherson's prerogative always to diversify and make sure that, again, not 
facility is only or no company is only focused on concentrated customer. 
We want to bring in more and more customers. And I think those opportunities will 
definitely come as we're able to show, again, that we are fully capable to ramp large 
programs in this industry, which is a new industry for us. 
And definitely, with the profits of this, we are looking to reinvest that and further grow this 
industry and to be on its own in the investor conference, we also spoke about how some 
of these incubations as they become young adults, we would like them to hive off and 
become standing on their own feet. And I think that's what we are following with all of our 
new businesses, the aspirations for all the new businesses to be completely standing on 
their own feet. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
So again, depending on how this thing performs, which we are very hopeful and positive 
about, this should be good candidates for these companies to be standing on their own 
feet, funding their own capex and growing up on their own. I think SAMIL has done its bit 
with this first facility. After that, everything that we need to do is hopefully, this Company 
is able to stand on its own and drive its own future. And that was the whole strategy behind 
incubating all the new verticals in SAMIL. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That's helpful. Second question is just around the emerging opportunities in the 
industrial space globally around some of the topics that were earlier discussed, robotics, 
humanoids, physical AI and so on. So, I just want to understand from your standpoint, how 
long does it typically take potentially to develop parts in-house for sale into these supply 
chains? 
 
And are there also products just given your scale globally and your variety of SKUs, are 
there some products in the basket at some of your plants globally that you think can be 
cross-sold into the supply chain? Just trying to understand what is the breadth of products 
and the time taken to develop products for this emerging growth opportunity? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal 
I'm not able to grasp the question completely, but I'll probably start and maybe my team 
can help if they understood it better. Look, the idea from developing new products and 
things like that, I mean, all the companies that we are acquiring, we are obviously adding 
to the product portfolio and the customer wants this company to survive because it has 
good technology and it needs to be serviced in their growth plans. 
Our idea is always to be able to take the existing products, can we show them to more 
customers? Can we take them to more geographies. We did that very successfully when 
we acquired SMR, for example, there were numerous technologies on the rearview mirror 
that we were able to bring into the Indian customers that saw a lot of value in these new 
attributes that were coming out in, let's say, the European cars. 
And we had a lot of success with things like that. So it's not just about, of course, we're 
continuing to spend money on our development of our feature-rich content because if you 
look at the key real estate in the car and look at all the electronics and the features and 
the attributes that are coming, we own that real estate. If you're looking at all the 
electronics for exterior environment that comes in the front bumper, back bumper, 
exterior mirrors, that's our real estate. 
If you look at all the features that are coming in the interior, it's coming on the dashboard, 
it's coming on the doors, that's our real estate. So, the huge opportunity there to be able 
to, again, continually develop more and more features. And that's why we say that we're 
not producing something like static like cement or something like that, which is the same 
with perhaps small changes that go into the compound, but actual features and the 
amount of products that go inside our product continuously changes with every new 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
program, which allows us to bring in, again, new electronics, new touch and feel, new 
materials new ways of processing. 
And all of that kind of is our core competence which we are able to go to the customers 
and help them achieve their goals of driving the value up in their products and also better 
ways and sustainability drives to be able to change the way that some of these things have 
been done historically. So, a lot of avenues of growth. That's what really excites us. I think 
we've always told you that, look, our engine exposure is minimal. We are engine-agnostic 
company. 
We do have a very small product line that is only focused on ICE, but our majority of our 
product portfolio is applicable to the entire car, no matter what, whether it's ICE or hybrid 
or hydrogen in the future or whatever that comes, we're fully capable to ramp up to that. 
And with that also, you can also take these kind of products to not just passenger car. We 
are seeing synergies that we can drive in the aerospace. We are seeing synergies that we 
can drive in the rolling stock business. So, a lot of opportunity for growth. 
And now space is, of course, something that's heating up and something that we're also 
looking to go after. We've seen the amount of money that is being spent, again, globally on 
these kind of programs and how quickly this is going to also ramp up. So, it's a mixture of 
all of these things. 
We allow the autonomy to the companies to go after their products and see the 
development that they want to make and the industries and the customers that they want 
to go after, but extremely exciting because we are very relevant in the age of mobility where 
mobility is only increasing and the number of options for the consumer and the number of 
customers are also increasing who are providing new mobility solutions, even stuff like, 
the new age mobility stuff that you’re seeing short-term transportation. So, a lot of exciting 
stuff is coming. 
Again, these are all things which are niche industries, which are growing. I can't name 
some of the customers that we are talking to, they are completely new age. But again, very 
exciting opportunities. And even if one of these things click, it's really meaningful. I think 
when EVs were just coming out, we were one of the first companies to support the large 
ones that were coming out internationally. 
And building those strong relationships really helped us to grow meaningfully in the EV 
space as well, we're providing all our platform of products, especially SMR did a wonderful 
job at that time because they were global. So, I think that continues, that kind of ethos 
continues. And we see a lot of opportunity for our products to grow with the new age 
customers, the new age mobility that's coming, and we will stay focused on growing that. 
Chandramouli Muthiah: 
Got it. That’s helpful. Thank you very much and all the best. 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Manpreet Arora with Northern Lights 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a clarification, we said the GF-3  is 40 million units 
eventual capacity in around, let's say, FY 29. And in FY 26, the exit run rate was 16 million 
units. So, is it fair to assume that the total capacity will be like 56 million units at the end 
of FY 29 is that the correct assumption? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Again, yes and thereabouts. I think, again, depending on the program that we win and the 
number of processes that, that product has, we could definitely do a little bit more than 
that or less depending again on the programs. But yes, it's going to be significantly more 
than what we are doing right now. 
And again, like I said, we have to wait a couple of quarters to really get more idea on that. 
I think trying to piece together more numbers and stuff like that, I don't think we will give 
you the best view of that. So please be patient for another couple of quarters. We will have 
all the information we need to understand this business. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Sure, sure. I mean I was just trying to get an idea of the size of the expansion that we're 
doing. So, my next question, I mean, you mentioned about some of these businesses that 
we are incubating will be ready to stand on their own. And I think you also talked about that 
in the Investor Day, on the Investor Day. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Now does it also mean that at some point of time, we will look at separately listing them 
some of these businesses and unlock value? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, absolutely. I think how we do it, what are the semantics, that's something that will 
depend on what the structure of that business is, what is the best way to create value. But 
our drive is to create a lot of value for all the investors that have incubated these 
businesses and supported them together in SAMIL and for them to drive their own path 
and to grow up. So yes, everything is on the cards. I can't tell you exactly what happens 
because they're still -- right now, we're really focused on execution and making sure that 
these companies become extremely valuable and stand-alone on their own. 
And how and what shape that will happen will again come in this 5-year plan. We will come 
back to you and tell you how exactly we're doing it. But that's definitely a drive for us to 
create independent because if you look at SAMIL, we are doing a lot of different industries 
incubating it in SAMIL. 
And I think the way to unlock that value will be that once they’re of a certain size and scale 
to give them that independence to be able to grow and stand on their own feet and that 
dependence of SAMIL be cut off and have their own trajectory of growth, which is slightly 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
different to where the automotive business is in that scenario, that is something that we 
are more mature in. And these are more new growth, high-growth areas and something 
that's very exciting and will require like I said, complete independence from SAMIL once 
they are able to stand up on their own feet, which is not far away. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Great, thanks. So should we look at something happening in FY 28, some value unlocking 
or would be beyond that? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, it's definitely in this 5-year plan. For us, the faster, the better. It depends on, again, 
how they ramp and how the market perceives that they are valuable as well. But from our 
side, we are taking all the steps for as soon as possible that these things happen. For us, 
it's better faster than later. But definitely, we have set up plans internally and everything 
depends on the execution for the next couple of years. 
For that to, of course, happen as we need to have some performance of these companies 
so that people understand that what's really happening over there. So good news is that 
everything is on track. It's as we had imagined. Of course, there's headwinds in terms of 
geopolitical and all those kinds of things which affect the market. But in terms of our 
performance, in terms of what we are winning in terms of customer confidence, in terms 
of our execution, we are very much on track. 
Manpreet Arora: 
One final question, this is more specific to our vision systems vertical. Are there regulatory 
tailwinds that we're seeing, especially in India, we have this AIS 184 Regulation about 
driver drowsiness detection that is probably coming in and this requires a lot of sensors, 
maybe camera for monitoring the driver and some software to detect and all that. So is it 
a meaningful growth opportunity for us because we are present in the CV space. And do 
we have capability across the stack across central camera software? And is it a 
meaningful opportunity for our vision systems vertical? Just want to. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you so much for asking the question. My friend, Rajat, on the call, unfortunately, 
does not get a lot of airtime because everybody is asking about the consumer electronics 
business, where the mirror business has been one of the most resilient, one of the highest 
cash generators for us in terms of free cash flow and is doing phenomenal things under 
his leadership. 
So really, I'm so glad that someone asked this question and recognize that the mirror 
business is also in a very, very good trajectory. So Rajat, please, the stage is yours. And 
finally, somebody has asked about the Mirror business. 
Rajat Jain: 
Thank you so much. So yes, I think good question. And yes, we are seeing these new 
regulatory tailwinds helping us. And if you see what we've done in this new acquisition, 
Autocruis, this is exactly in that direction because they have a good product portfolio. They 
are already doing interior digital mirrors. They're also doing driver monitoring systems for 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
buses. They are also doing other products, which then we can scale up in China itself. And 
we can also then add these products in India. 
So of course, there will be work that will have to be done. because these would require 
homologation. They would have to clear all the requirements that we have from the 
regulators. But clearly, it provides us a very strong platform to then build upon and catch 
up. So, I think these things are still in the starting phase, and we are just in time to bring in 
these technologies and then ride on the growth that the market would see with these 
regulations coming in more and more. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Great. Can I ask one more, if possible? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Sure. Please go ahead. 
Manpreet Arora: 
Yes. This is more on the health and medical side. Our revenues have degrown over the last 
3 years, making our losses have increased. So, what is the brand vision with the health and 
vertical side of the emerging business? And I mean, do we see ourselves becoming like the 
GE health care of India. Just want to know the grand vision there and what are we doing to 
grow our capabilities in that vertical? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes. Look, the vision remains the same for the rest of our business. We do not have any 
ambitions to become an OEM of that size and scale. We definitely want to be supplying to 
customers like that, and that's the idea. Yes, you're right, the business is slightly slower to 
get off the blocks, but that happens. There were extreme high valuations in this industry. 
So, to try to do a large acquisition or something, we didn't see any path to delivering 40% 
ROCEs if you were paying those kinds of multiples. 
But I think now under the leadership of Sachin Nene, we are really looking at a much 
sounder way of driving this business. We've opened up our first plant in Chennai, which is 
the largest plant that we have for health and medical, which is gaining orders. And 
hopefully, this trend that you see of the negative should reverse in coming quarters 
because that's fully up and ready now and commissioned. 
And I think we're also looking at some strategic plays globally. And with, again, our 
competence now in the other product groups, I think there's a lot to add to that vertical. 
We have also partnered and done some of our own stuff in terms of partnership for 
ultrasound kind of machines. I think that's seeing some traction now. We did it was a 
startup that we are working with. So, there's a lot of stuff that we needed to do to bring the 
manufacturing, global sales, etcetera to sync all of that up. I think that's happened. 
So, we should see meaningful growth there also. So yes, I think that is, please wait and 
watch. The vision is exactly the same. It's been slightly slower. But when the things will 
click, I'm pretty sure that, that will happen fairly quickly and this will grow also rapidly at 
the right time and also looking at cementing some good joint ventures to bring some really 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
good technology into India to support the needs of the health and medical industry in India 
because most of the stuff that we see in India is also, a lot of it is imported. 
So huge growth opportunities there. And like I said, I think just because of the nature of 
that business, we were not able to get global traction on that very, very quickly. But I think 
now in this 5-year plan, you will see meaningful growth that comes over there. And I'm sure 
the teams will show you a good performance by the end of this 5-year plan. 
Manpreet Arora:  
Great, great. Thank you. Appreciate your time. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Vaaman for closing comments. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you so much and thank you for all your questions. I think, again, we've seen a really 
resilient performance by our group in really tough challenging conditions. I think the 
operating teams are completely flat out combating all of these things and yet showing you 
these impressive performances is one of our strongest performance in Q1. 
So, we are extremely proud of what we have built. I think you're seeing the full engine of 
Motherson running now with the D.E.M.A.L. capabilities that we've been hopping on and 
building on as a platform for the last so many years. And we're really excited of upcoming 
quarters and extremely bullish about where we go from here. So, look forward to your 
support and see you all in the next quarter. Thank you all very much for your time. All the 
best. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
 
 
Disclaimers: This transcript for the Investors’ call has been made for compliance under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. No part of this document shall be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means 
without the prior written consent of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (“Company”). This transcript has been edited for 
the purpose of factual accuracy, better reading and clarity. Best efforts have been made while editing the translated audio recording 
to ensure grammatical, punctuation, and formatting are correct, so that it does not result in any edits to the content or discussion. 
The audio recording of transcript is available at the website of the Company, viz. www.motherson.com . The statements of the 
participants as captured in this document are dependent on currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the 
Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and may include forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements inter-alia involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, market conditions, certain 
assumptions and expectations of future events, economic conditions affecting demand/supply and price conditions in the 
domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes in or due to the environment, government regulations, 
tariffs, geopolitical conflicts, laws, statutes, judicial pronouncements and other factors, which may cause the actual results, 
financial condition, performance, or achievements of the Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial 
condition, performance, or achievements, directly or indirectly expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The  
Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify or revise any forward-looking statements, on the basis of any 
subsequent developments, information, events or otherwise. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any 
loss or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause and in no event shall be 
liable for any liabilities arising therefrom. Readers of this document should each make their own evaluation and assessment of 
the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make such other examination as they deem 
necessary. 
 
