SUPREME PETROCHEM tTD
Regd. Office :
Solitaire Corporate Park, Building No. 11, 5th Floor, 167, Guru Hargovindji Marg'
Andheri-Ghatkopar Link Road, Chakala, Andheri (East), Mumbai4O0 093. INDIA
@ :91-22-6709',l900 Fax -022-4OOS 5681 . CIN:123200MH1989P1C054633
Website : wwwsupremepetrochem.com r Email : corporate@spl.co.in
Date: August 4,2026
Refi CFA/CS/86/AGM 37 12026-2027
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
1't Floor, Dalal Street,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code - 500405
D
rL
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra East,
Mumbai - 400 051
Symbol - SPLPETRO
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Transcrint of Earnings Conference Call of Sunreme Petrochem Ltd ('The ComDanY')
Ilef: Resulation 30 of Securities and Exchanee Board of India (Listine Oblieations & Disclosure
Requirements) Reeulations. 2015 ('Listins Resulations')
please refer our letter dated July 23,2026,wherein we had informed that Earnings Conference Call of
the Company willbe held on luly 29,2026to discuss QllFY2026-27 earnings.
In this regard, pursuant to Regulation 30 of Listing Regulations, Transcript of the Conference Call is
enclosed herewith.
This intimation along with the transcript will also be uploaded on the website of the Company at
www.suoremeoetroc hem.com
This is for your information and record.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully,
For Supreme Petrochem Ltd
r
*
J-
A.V.P (Legal) & ComPanY SecretarY
r9,
./ Encl: ala
lilDrAil
{ar gm
cuSToils
SPL
EUREAU VERIIAS
Csrtilicalion
Certificato No. lNAAACS7249C3F258
DEOKI 
NANDAN 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by DEOKI NANDAN MISHRA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=tpehx1780jc2gnwda6msqbvyo5flk349, 
2.5.4.20=04f9b598e2d68ac5a6fce5a8da5164eedfc24ad1
4d210d2789b756bbb04147fa, postalCode=400065, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=74961a4d1274034a2235aa1e69869e264e
c54d83cbd88c765a5cd337858d2f61, cn=DEOKI 
NANDAN MISHRA 
Date: 2026.08.04 13:31:47 +05'30'

Supreme Petrochem Limited
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call
luly 29,2O26
,o
Moderator:
Purvangi Jain:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 and FY27 conference call of Supreme
Petrochem Limited.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing "'r'", then "0" on your touch-
tone phone.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors' Thank you and
over to you, ma'am.
Thank you. Good evening, everyone' And a very warm welcome to all of you
My name is purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of
Supreme Petrochem Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for
participating in the company's earnings call for the 1st Quarter of the financialyear 2027.
Before we begin, let me mention a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements
made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking
statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as
assumptions made by and information currently available to the management' Audiences are
cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making
any investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to
educate and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial
performance for the quarter under review.
Now, let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call.
We have with us Mr. Rakesh Nayyar - Executive Director and CFO, Mr. Dilip Deole - A'V'P of
Finance and Accounts, and Mr' D' N. Mishra - Company Secretary'
Without any delay, I request Mr. Rakesh Nayyar to start with his opening remarks' Thank you
and over to you, sir.
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone. lt's a pleasure to welcome you to the
Earnings Conference Call for the 1't Quarter of FY 2027.
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 1 of 13

,o
On a standalone basis, the revenue from the operations for the 1st Quarter stood at INR 1693
crores, reflecting a growth of 22% year-on-year basis. The revenue growth despite lower
volume sales is mainly on account of significant increase in the raw material prices due to
conflict in West Asia.
The operating EBITDA stood at INR 331 crores, reflecting a strong growth of I88% year-on-
year, with operating EBITDA margins improving lo 19.53%. The total EBITDA, including other
incomes, stood at INR 348 crores, with margins of 20.3%. The net profit after tax was at INR
236 crores, with a pAT margin of t3.96% for the quarter. Wider delta in the international
markets between Styrene Monomer and downstream products have benefitted the results'
On the operational front, the sales volume of manufactured products stood at 70,842 metric
tons during the 1st Quarter, as compared to 93,853 metric tons in the corresponding quarter
of thepreviousyear.Thus,therewasadecline of 24.5% inthisquarterandthesalesvolumes
of the company. The decline in volumes was primarily on account of negligible exports due to
West Asia crisis and subdued demand from the non-OEM segment in this quarter.
During the quarter, geopolitical tensions in West Asia and the disruptions of cargo movement
through the Strait of Hormuz led to significant interruption in liquid and container shipments
from the Gulf region. ln addition, all three styrene plants in the region, which are amongst
the company's traditional suppliers, suspended their operations due to safety reasons,
creating significant supply chain challenges.
Company established alternate supply arrangements and was able to meet the entire
requirement of its domestic customers without any interruption. However, exports were
minimal due to reduced availability of styrene monomers and significant increase in freight
rates, reduced shipping availability and longer voyage time. On the raw material front,
styrene monomer prices in the international markets remained elevated during most of the
quarter and softened briefly towards the end of June.
However, the renewed escalation of hostilities in West Asia has once again resulted in
increase in styrene monomer prices. Further, the temporary suspension of import duties on
commodity polymers introduced to offset the impact of high import costs led to
unnecessarily increased imports resulting in erosion of market share for domestic producers.
With regard to our expansion projects, we have successfully completed the phase 2
expansion of our EPS capacity.
We have also initiated projects for a new line of wide-width EPS board with a capacity of
150,000 cubic meters along with the expansion of our compounding capacity from 50,000
Page 2 of 13

,O
Moderator
Nirav Jamudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
tons per annum to 80,000 tons per annum. These will be commissioned by June 2027.|n
addition, the board has approved installation of a new 80,000 tons per annum polystyrene
production line at its Amdoshi complex in Maharashtra.
The project is expected to be completed by December 2028 and will increase the company's
total installed polystyrene capacity from 3,00,000 tons per annum to 3,80,000 tons per
annum. Total estimated investment on above projects is lNR. 450 crores which will be funded
entirely through internal accruals'
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. We now open the floor for question-and-answer
session. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question
queue assembles. The first question is from Nirav Jamudia from Anvil Wealth' Please go
ahead.
Good afternoon. I have a few questions to ask. The first is on the opening remarks where you
mentioned that there were some of the styrene plants, big styrene plants suspended their
operations due to safety reasons. I just wanted to understand from you, on the demand side,
how was the situation where the customers were willing to take the material at a higher price
because, let's say, there was a disruption in terms of availability of raw material' How was the
import situation in the recent months in the domestic market?
As I said in my opening remarks, the demand from the non- OEM segment was very subdued'
Almost 50% demand from the non-OEM segment had evaporated in this quarter' That could
partly be because of the high prices.
Also, the downstream processors, had issues with the gas supply availability. That could also
be one of the reasons. The price resistance from the non-OEM segment was certainly there'
As far as the oEM segment is concerned, the demand was good' Demand was stable' There
we did not have this issue.
The prices were high because the styrene availability. Like any other building block supply,
was stopped from the Middle East, which is one of the major suppliers. Prices had gone up,
which resulted in the increased prices. As far as imports are concerned, authentic import data
is not available after the government issued a notification in March making the publication of
import data a crime.
Page 3 of 13

,O
Nirav Jamudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jamudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jamudia:
Unofficially, from the market sources, what we get to know is that around 20,000 tons of
polystyrene was imported in this quarter'
Whatever has been the volume fall, which we have seen this quarter, is predominantly or
entirely the effect of the non-OE polystyrene volumes and the OE polystyrene volumes were
possibly at similar levels or would have seen some growth, correct?
Marginally, they were better but then it's the non-OE sector as well as the exports - exports
were absolutely down. We exported barely around 1O.L2% of what we normally export in a
qu a rte r.
Based on your experience of various disruptions and cycles in the past, how has been the
situation different this time because let's say in the earlier cycles also, with this sort of
disruption, which is currently ongoing, what's your experience in terms of the recovery part in
the situation where the disruptions are sorted out? So, if you can share your thoughts here,
that would be very helPful.
It's actually something not like what has happened in the past. lt is entirely a different
situation because in the past, some plants may shut down because of some force majeure
conditions, break down other things. There could be very small constraints of supply chain
but here it is a prolonged and from full region.
It is not one plant, one source but it is a full region from where the material is not coming in
and even during COVID times, this situation was not there. This is entirely a different
scenario, not comparable to the past events at all.
correct. so, just to take the things forward from here, so let's say in terms of our strategy,
what could be our strategy to improve our volumes in quarters to come A and B? Let's say
apart from this abnormal situation which is currently there, for the newly expanded capacity
also where we have announced 80,000 tons of expansion, what could be the demand drivers
going forward? So, let's say are there newer applications which are coming up or you believe
that the growth will predominantly come from more volumes from the existing applications
only?
Predominantly the country is moving towards exports' All appliance manufacturers are
setting up big capacities for exports also and under PLI scheme as well' And we already during
the peak months find that we are using our capacity to the fullest extent. And if you have to
grow in the export markets also we need additional capacity particularly during the 3 to 6
months period of the high demand period. So, the demand growth is what is leading us to
build additional capacity now.
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 4 of 13

,o
Nirav Jamudia
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jamudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jamudia:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Nirav Jamudia:
Moderator:
Aditya Khetan
perfect. so, second question is on the compounding side like we have announced expansion
there also, so how are we seeing those compounding volumes in FY 27 if you can give some
sort of flavor here?
Fy 27 right now considering what has happened in the last.quarterthat is notthe benchmark
for the remaining part of the year. But then what we have seen in the past is our experience
in the previous year and our compounds are doing well in the market. And now we are
moving more towards the ABS compounds.
our ABS compounds even in the quarter gone by has done very well. And we see a lot of
growth coming in there. So, we are now setting up lines mainly for the ABS compounds.
Correct. But do we feel that the expanded capacity can be exhausted over a period of next 2
to 3 years is the right assumption to work with?
Certainly yes, that is the aim we have and with that view only this capacity is being put up
that this will come up by June 2027 and in the next 2 years or so thereafter we should be able
to use this capacity. Perfect.
And on the ABs side let others also ask some questions. Yes, fine sir' Just a bookkeeping
question last one. What could be the trading sales in 1st Quarter?
Trading sales in the 1st Quarter is not as high as the earlier days. I do not have the number
here but I think around 17-I8% of the top line.
Perfect sir. Thank you so much' I willjoin back in the queue
Thank you. The next question is from Aditya Khetan from SMIFS lnstitutional Equities. Please
go ahead.
Thank you sir for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. First on to the non-oEM
demand when we say that demand was down by some 40-50% and also sir you mentioned
like there were higher imports coming into the country.
So, sir just wanted to give you one scenario. lf there are higher imports coming into the
country, was the demand also from the non-oEM side was there but higher imports came in
that took our market share? This could be the first scenario'
Now you see like the demand was not there only because of higher prices. Demand went
down. Out of these two which can be correct?
Page 5 of 13

,€)
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
I did not say that the higher imports were coming. I said the imports were coming because
there was a duty exemption and the imports number as per market estimates could be close
to 20,000. But that is the number which is a very regular number'
Last year imports were also closer to 87,000 tons or so annual imports' so, if I go by that it is
in line with that kind of thing. But our impression is that because this 20,000 number would
have been much lower had the duty waiver not been granted by the government.
since the government gave the duty exemption for those 3 and a half months there was a
tendency to import some material more than the need was. But as far as the non-OEMs are
concerned their demand was generally down and their demand as far as our sales are
concerned to non-OEMs they were down almost close to 50%'
Got it, sir
It is not that it happened only in this quarter. These kind of imports have always been seen in
the past.
Got it, sir. so, going back how do you see these things to stabilize? so, how you are
witnessing from the current month the demand from the non-OEM side coming down and
secondly, sir any sort of a volume guidance if you can provide? I know you have not
mentioned any sort of ballpark number if you can and how much contribution would be from
the ABS styrene side in FY27?
Giving any guidance at this stage when the situation is very fluid is very difficult' The non-
OEMS are coming back. Their demand is stabilizing also now but then the way the
uncertainty is there in the West Asian region today there are concerns with regard to the
exports, with regard to the availability of styrene and the volumes of styrene coming in and
there are other concerns with regard to the availability of shipping space, voyage time freight
rates, etc. All those concerns are there at the moment so I would not like to hazard any guess
with regard to the volumes until otherwise situation becomes very normal we will take it as
the quarters go by.
And sir, how do you see this quarter's number, so what is the sustainability of this margin
19% suppose if the non-OEM demand comes back and you only need to come back to
normal, how do you see the sustainable figures moving, going at 27 and 28? Just a ballpark
number or a direction also can help in that'
The base price of polystyrene and other polymers is all decided keeping in view the global
trends if global deltas are strong, we also will have better margins if global deltas are weak or
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 6 of 13

,O
Aditya Khetan:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Aditya Khetan
Moderator:
Disha Chamriya:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Disha Chamriya:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator
Sailesh Raja
they are back to the normal, it will be the normal margins for us. This margin which has come
in, is like an aberration because of the global deltas were very-very strong from USD200 for
GPPS, global deltas have gone up to plus 300 plus and for HIPS which used to be around
usD275 to USD300 went upto 400 plus. Those aberrations will get normalized over a period
of time.
sir, one last bookkeeping question, what would be the volumes of ABS in this quarter?
We don't give any volume separately, this is all Styrenics business, so they all come under the
styrenics side only, I am sorry I won't be able to share that number with you.
Thank you sir. Thank you
The next question is from Disha Chamriya from Trinetra Asset Managers, please go ahead.
. First question was what drove this sharp profit improvement in Q1 FY27? Like how much of
it is sustainable, how much is from the volume growth versus the price growth?
I have already said that we did not have any volume growth rather there was negative
volumes. We had 25% reduction in volumes as compared to the corresponding quarter of the
last year and these margins have come in because the global deltas between the building
block and the end product widened and that helped us also'
okay, so follow up question on that sir, so what is your outlook on this product realization
and spread for the rest of FY27 or for the short term? How do you look at the trend?
It's very difficult to say because the whole situation is fluid. We have to go to different
markets to source raw material, the global deltas, supply chain issues are there, so lwouldn't
hazard any guess right now in terms of the volume. we know that we can handle the
situations well.
Thank you. The next question is from Sailesh Raja from 360 One Capital Market. Please go
a head
Hello, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Last year we have reported 1- lakh tons of EPS volume
and you mentioned that we operated at 88% utilization level. So, now we have expanded the
capacity to 1,43,000. So, till date we have not focused on EPS exports. we focus only on the
polystyrene exports. What are the efforts that we are making to do more exports of EPS and
how fast we can fill this caPacitY?
Page 7 of 13

,O
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh Raja:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sailesh, we have made efforts. Particularly to export to Europe. Our grades have also been
approved in Europe. But of late because of all these disturbances and the shipping freight
rates having jumped sharply, voyage time has increased and there are issues with the Red
Sea. So, the exports have taken a back seat particularly also in view of the limited availability
of styrene monomer. We are more focusing on meeting all the demand from the domestic
customers at the time being for the last four months.
But once the situation normalizes and the shipping opens up, we would certainly be
exporting EP5. We know that there is a scope to do that.
We did small quantities of exports of EPS last year and we would continue doing and
increasing that exports of EPS particularly to the European markets.
What is the overall industry demand for the ABS-based compounds? How much could be able
to capture it in the next two or three years? I believe ABS compounds will give better margin
and ROCE for us compared to direct external sales of ABS.
I am sorry, I don't have any ready numbers ofthe marketforABs compounds. I don't have' I
know that whatever capacity we are putting there is enough demand for us to sell in the
market the capacity we are building at the moment. ln the next three to four years we should
be able to fully sell out that capacity.
The compounds market is fully fragmented, and many competitors reportedly offer 40-50
days of credit to the customers whereas we have traditionally maintained a very disciplined
working capital approach. will our strategy continue to focus on high value-added
applications and customer segments that require lower credit rather than cashing volumes?
Which user industries and product categories will be our focus and what is the addressable
opportunity within those segments?
Our focus will be as I said, the first one to focus on the value-added customers and to focus
where the credit discip.line is there. We do not supply our material where there is no credit
discipline. Our focus is going to be that.
We are aware of that in this business longer credits are given. lt's payable when able story
also with some of the suppliers but then our principle is not that. Even in our subsidiary
company in the last one year we have been working on changing that mindset as well.
ln that process, the growth comes at times at a slow rate but then finally that's the objective
that we will be doing value-added trades with a credit discipline only'
Page 8 of 13

,€)
Sailesh Raja
ls the market big enough where there is no credit given to the customers?
Rakesh Nayyar:
All our compounding business, we have been successful doing this way' we have been able to
sell our material. We hope to follow the same principle'
Sailesh Raja:
one last question. could you please elaborate your cAPEX roadmap for the next 3-4 years?
Specifically, how will investment be allocated between the existing PS, EPS business and the
newer growth area XPS, ABS and compounds? How do you see product mix growing?
Rakesh Nayyar:
our EPS is all done now. Right now in the near horizon we do not have any EPS expansions'
we are looking at expanding at our chennai capacity but then that is still some time to come
by.
currently we are only focusing on our ABS line 2 and XPs and our compounding lines and now
only the day before our board has approved our polystyrene 5th line for us. These are the
areas where we are currently focusing. All capacities will be on board by March 2029.
Sailesh Raja
Okay
Rakesh Nayyar:
CAPEX and all will be done from internal accruals
Sailesh Raja:
Sir, this year how much CAPEX are you planning?
Rakesh Nayyar:
This all CAPEX put together would be closer to 900 crores'
Sailesh Raja
Okay
Moderator:
The next question is from Vipul Kumar Anupjan Shah from sumangal lnvestments' Please go
a head
vipul Kumar shah: 
what are the current prices for styrene monomer and what were they for quarter average for
30th June?
Rakesh Nayyar:
current prices landed in lndia clF is around usD130o. what was the last quarter average, sir?
Last quarter every day the prices have been different. Every customer's prices could be
different. Buyer's prices could be different but the range would be closer to around say
USD1350 to USD1400. The peak was USD1500 plus'
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Okay. The high delta which you spoke about is sustaining in this quarter for both GPPS and
HIPS?
Page 9 of 13

,O
Rakesh Nayyar:
No. lt had come down towards the end of month of June only when there was a peace accord
which was temporary and immediately all the prices of all polymers had fallen then only
when the peace accord was done. But then the margins, the deltas have improved slightly
after the new eruption of war but then not at the same levels.
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Can you quantify what is the current delta?
Rakesh Nayyar:
Current delta for GP would be closer to say USD250 to USD275.
Vipul Kumar Shah
And HIPS?
Rakesh Nayyar:
HIPS could be closer to USD350 or so'
usD35O. Okay. And lastly, sir, this styrene monomer is the raw material is also exempted
from import duty right now?
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Rakesh Nayyar:
No. lt is the same. Everything is pre-1st of April now
Vipul Kumar Shah
Everything is pre... Okay, sir. Thank you. I will rejoin the queue' Thank you
Moderator:
The next question is from Aditya Khetan from SMIFS lnstitutional Equities. Please go ahead
Aditya Khetan:
Thank you, sir, for the follow-up. Sir, on to the CAPEX part you mentioned some 900 crore
odd cases for all these expansions. So, does this include the XPS capacity like from 72,000 m3
to 125,000 announced? But our earlier plan was to take ilto !J2 lakh m3' Does this consist
number of that CAPEX or this is only of this Phase 1?
Rakesh Nayyar:
come again. see, the xPS, I said that we are setting up a new line of 150,000 m3 of the wide-
width board now. And that cost is included in the 900 crores'
Aditya Khetan
okay. okay. And, sir, on to the compounding facility figure, I believe, sir, you had mentioned
in some last quarter number of 60,000 tons, but in this presentation, we are expanding from
around 50,000 to 8O,O0O. Just a clarification on the number side capacity of ABS
compounding. ls it 50 or 60?
Rakesh Nayyar:
No. The last was our 50,000 we had done. Earlier we were at 30,000' We implemented
20,000 tons last year. so, it was 5O,OOO. And now 50,000 will be increased to 80,000 tons'
That will be increased to 80,000. Okay. Okay. And, sir, on to when we look on to the ABS side,
how you see the ramp-up today like sort of how we are standing today in terms of demand in
Aditya Khetan:
Page 10 of 13

,O
the EPS because we have also heard some players globally shutting down some EPS plans'
Any updates, sir, how this could change some trajectory because we feel like this is more of a
crowded market in the global space.
Rakesh Nayyar:
It's not very crowded in the global. lt's crowded, of course, in China. And the demand in lndia
will grow, particularly with regard to the energy efficient buildings for cold storages, cold
supply chain, and construction. So, we see that there will be a demand growth in these areas,
apart from of course the traditional packaging businesses. so, going forward, the demand will
come from these areas.
Aditya Khetan:
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank You
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from santosh Keshri from SKKHUF. Please go ahead
Santosh Keshri
Thank you for giving me a chance. so, sir, I have a question regarding the growth that we saw
vis-a-vis industry growth. So, did the industry also grow in a similar way? or we grew faster?
Sorry, de-growth. So, we had a de-growth lesser than the industry or it was at par with the
industry?
Rakesh Nayyar:
No, at par with the industry. EPS is very fragmented in up north. There are smaller players,
and many of them. So, there, of course, our de-growth has been less. But then as far as
polystyrene is concerned, we feel that the industry also de-grew at the same rate as what we
have done.
Santosh Keshri:
5o, sir, then given that the industry also didn't grow and we also had a de-growth, so what
gives us confidence to add capacity and see that that capacity can be toned down when it
comes up? Are we banking on more manufacturing in lndia?
Rakesh Nayyar:
A project is not set up for the temporary events of one quarter. Picture on a long term basis
and where the industry is going, where lndia is going, where lndian demand is growing and
what are the export possibilities going forward has to be kept in mind and this project is going
tocomeonlytowardstheend of 2023. ltisthreeortwoandahalf yearsfromnow'So,the
project has been decided to be set up keeping in view these factors'
Santosh Keshri:
And my last question is regarding the prices. So, the prices in terms of our products being
sold were in line with the industry sales prices or we had some Speciality products and that's
why our sale prices for realization were higher.
We have certain specialized grades. They always fetch better prices than the industry prices
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page11of13

,o
Moderator:
Sahil Sen
Rakesh Nayyar:
Sahil Sen:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from sahil Sen who is an individual investor. Please go ahead
so, I just wanted to know that are the alternate styrene's or sourcing arrangements
structurally more expensive than the traditional Gulf supply chains?
Of course the freight rate are more. The freight cost will increase because the Gulf is only
four days voyage, five days voyage, max one week voyage. other sources will be a longer
voyage time and plus the shipping availability constraints. So, the freight rates will go up even
considering that the price is same.
Okay. Just to follow up that, what could be the potential impact on margins in the coming
quarters? Any guidance you can give on that?
As I said earlier, it's very difficult to say anything about the margins at the moment because
the margins are dependent upon global deltas.
Thank you. The next question is from Vipul Kumar shah from sumangal lnvestments. Please
go ahead.
Thanks for the opportunity. What will be the asset turn for all the expansions for ABS,
polystyrene and XPS boards? can you give the expected asset turn 2x for almost all the
products?
Vipul Kumar Shah:
Rakesh Nayyar:
All the products put together on full capacity basis, there will be twice
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
There will be twice. And what will be the terminal ABS capacity after full expansion?
Rakesh Nayyar:
It will be 140,000 nameplate capacity
Vipul Kumar Shah:
140,000. Okay, sir. Thank You
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from Rohan Joshi, who is an individual investor' Please go
a head
Rohan Joshi
yes. Hi, sir. so, my question was that given the sharp increase in the prices, what has been
the customer response to it? Are the realizations holding, improving? what's the trajectory of
the thing?
There was some impact on the non-oEMs. Okay. But then the oEMs were stable' Their
demand was the same, better demand. And now, in this quarter, we are seeing that the non-
Rakesh Nayyar:
Page 12of 13

€)
Rohan Joshi:
Moderator:
Rakesh Nayyar:
Moderator:
OEMs have reconciled to the increased prices because it's a global phenomenon' So, the
demand from the non-OEMs is back into the market now.
Thank you
Thank you, sir. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to
the management team for any closing comments'
yes. Thank you all for participating in this Earnings Call. lf you have any further questions or
would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our lnvestment Relations
Managers at Valorem Advisors' Thank you.
Thank you very much. On behalf of Supreme Petrochem Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your
lines.
Page 13 of 13
