£ 
=F 
S Chand And Company Limited 
S.CHAND
GROUP
Registered Office: A-27, 2nd Floor, Mohan Co-Operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi - 110044, India. 
P:+91 11 4973 1800 I F:+91 11 4973 1801 I E: info@schandqroup.com I www.schandgroup.com
To 
Listing Department 
BSELimited 
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001 
Dear Sir, 
Date: August 13, 2026 
To 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai, Maharashtra 
400051 
Re: Transcript of conference call -O1FY27 - pursuant to Regulation 30 of The SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
The Company organized a conference call for the Analysts and Investors on Tuesday, August 11, 2026 
at 12:30 P.M. to discuss the financial results for the quarter ending June 30, 2026. The transcript of the 
said conference call held with the Analysts and Investors is enclosed herewith. 
The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the website of the Company­
www .schand group.corn. 
Request you to kindly take note of the same. 
Thanking You. 
Yours Sincerely, 
For S Chand And Company Limited 
Jagdeep Singh 
Company Secretary 
Membership No: A15028 
Address: A-27, 2nd Floor, 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, 
New Delhi-110044 
Encl: as above 
CIN No. L22219DL1970PLC005400 
JAGDEE
P SINGH
Digitally signed by 
JAGDEEP SINGH 
Date: 2026.08.13 
17:19:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
“S Chand and Company Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIMANSHU GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR – S 
CHAND AND COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. SAURABH MITTAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – S CHAND AND COMPANY LIMITED 
MR. ATUL SONI – HEAD – INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
STRATEGY AND M&A - S CHAND AND COMPANY 
LIMITED 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the S Chand and 
Company Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to the senior management of the S Chand 
Group for their opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Himanshu 
Gupta, the Managing Director of S Chand and Company Limited. I 
would like to welcome you all to our first quarter results conference call 
for FY27 and thank you all for taking the time-out and joining us here 
today. 
Q1FY27 was strong quarter for the School Education segment. Our 
refreshed curriculum businesses including Mylestone, My Zen, SmartK 
and Solid Steps got multiple repeat adoptions from across the country. 
Along with this our new partnerships with Allied, Jump Maths, Penguin 
and Speedlabs further strengthened our product offering helping us offer 
more to our customers. We generated Rs91 million revenues from 
content licensing during the quarter. We expect growth acceleration in 
this segment in the coming quarters. We are also diversifying the dataset 
base to include non-academic data licensing. 
Happy to share that our group brand, Madhubun Educational Books 
partnered with IIT Madras Pravartak Technologies Foundation and 
BodhBridge Education to offer future-ready skills programs for school 
students from Class 7th to Class 12th and educators across India. The 
majority of the courses are being offered in online mode with live 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
interactive sessions from experts, course materials, and case studies, 
besides access to the recorded sessions. Madhubun serves as the official 
learning solutions partner to manage program delivery. 
We at S Chand consistently engage with all our stakeholders throughout 
the year. In the coming few months we have an active engagement 
calendar lined up like our Product Briefing for our top Channel Partners, 
Best Practises in Education Visit to Singapore for School owners and 
Principals, Connecting with the Teachers, Head of Departments and 
Students in schools through events like Math Summit, Hindi Diwas, 
Bhasha Mela, Knowledge Quest Quiz, Teachers Conclave etc. 
We look forward to NCERT releasing the remaining books on the new 
syllabus over the course of the year. We expect the full adoption of the 
new syllabus books in FY27. 
With that, I would now request our CFO, Mr. Saurabh Mittal to apprise 
all of us on the financial performance of S. Chand. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for your time. 
I am Saurabh Mittal, Group CFO of S Chand and Company Limited. 
Now coming to numbers for the quarter, we reported consolidated 
revenues of Rs1,145 million (up 12% YOY), Improved Gross Margin, 
EBITDA Loss of Rs97 million and a PAT Loss of Rs187 million. There 
were some marketing expenses which were expensed in Q1 but relate to 
activities in Q2. Higher tax expenses due to a one-time adjustment of 
Tax rate to a lower rate, led to increased PAT losses this quarter vs last 
year.  
I would like to give some colour on our working capital metrics for the 
quarter-: 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
•
Our Receivable days were stable during the quarter. Geo-political
instability in the Middle East continues to hamper our collections
from the region. We expect this to normalize going ahead.
•
We took a conscious decision to advance Paper purchases since we
are pre-empting higher paper prices, supply disruptions and
elongated shipping timelines for imported paper. This should be seen
as a short-term strategic move considering the Geo-political
environment that the world is facing. This is leading to higher Raw
Material and Finished Goods Inventory vs. previous years.
•
Both the factors led to slightly higher Net Working capital days than
last year.
We continued our strong cash flow generation and remained Cash 
Surplus at the end of the quarter with the highest net cash balance at the 
end of Q1 in the company’s history of Rs1,182m (Vs. Q4FY26: 
Rs1,160m) after distribution of dividend of Rs141m. 
As we continue into FY27, I would like to reiterate for this year-: 
•
Firstly, we are looking to grow Operating revenues by 10%-15% for
the year.
•
Secondly, we are giving an EBITDA margin band guidance of 17%-
19%.
•
Thirdly, we look forward to continuing our focus on margins,
working capital metrics and cash flows.
•
Fourthly, we are evaluating M&A opportunities which fill in the
gaps in our portfolio.  We aim to leverage our Group’s strengths in
such acquisitions to deliver superior value to our customers and
stakeholders.
•
Fifth, We are looking to target revenues in excess of Rs400m in the
Content Licensing opportunities of our text, images, audio, videos
and non-academic datasets and growing the number of clients from
5 to 10 this year.

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
With this, I would like to open the call for your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Chandramouli, an Investor. 
Chandramouli: 
Sir, in your presentation you mentioned the new Mylestone curriculum 
was adopted by 650 plus schools and that the Zen curriculum has 
adopted by over about 500 schools. Any revenue that you can share out 
of this initiative now, sir? What is your expectation for the year? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
The current revenues from both of these is around Rs55 crores to Rs60 
crores. 
Chandramouli: 
For the first quarter? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
No, no, for the full year last year. 
Chandramouli: 
For the full year last year. Okay, okay. So which is on the uptrend? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, yes. 
Chandramouli: 
And you have done a new acquisition, CPD Singapore. What is the 
contribution, top line contribution this quarter, and what is the 
expectation, sir? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
It's just started. It's a very small company. I think contribution in the first 
quarter is around only Rs 1 crore, but the main business is Q3 and Q4. 
So, we are developing additional content there, and of course currently 
we've ramped up the marketing team, so we expect it to at least give us 
a decent revenue by the end of this year. We're looking at crossing SGD 
1 million (Approx Rs 7.5 cr) at the end of this year. 
Chandramouli: 
Okay, is it a profitable business? 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
Saurabh Mittal: 
It was profitable in the past. Currently we are investing a lot, but we're 
not losing money there. We're just investing a little bit at the moment 
because the previous owner was not investing too much into content or 
marketing. First two years, it will take some investments, but then the 
burn is not much. Burn is very limited for our financials. 
Chandramouli: 
Okay, and you also alluded that this would add value to your K-12 
international and things like that. Can you throw some light on that? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, so there are over 1,000 international schools in India and we've 
already started marketing. We've hired a team in India also for the 
marketing the content. So now the team will start, but it's not a known 
brand in India. We first market and then we'll get to know how much we 
can establish that as a brand in India also. 
Chandramouli: 
And again, as by last time also, it was the same. Your valuation of the 
company is less than about Rs500 crores. You do also have a decent 
cash in your hand. Can you think of a buyback, which will be a fantastic 
option? That's, you know, advantage for the promoters also. It's my 
humble suggestion. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, sir, we are actively, considering that. 
Chandramouli: 
Yes, because now you have whatever the options, whether you can go 
for a market buyback or tender buyback, whatever that you wish to do. 
So, I think it will be a fantastic value, you know, I mean, investing 
capital through the prudent way. That's my suggestion. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Suggestion taken. We will actively consider that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Niteen from Aurum Edge. 
Niteen: 
Yes, yes. So just to, you know, correct my company name, it's Aurum 
Edge. That's one. So I wanted to know, we have taken the, you know, 
raw material position, which is unusual of ours because we do maintain 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
raw material, but this time looks like we have taken a little more than 
what we generally do. 
So can you elaborate the thought process? Where do you see paper 
prices are heading? How what kind of, you know, inputs you are getting, 
have you seen any changes in the pricing or, or the demand for the 
paper? Is it also getting impacted because of NCF which is now getting 
implemented? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Yes, this is Himanshu here, so just to update you on the paper, we have 
taken paper a little earlier because the paper, the dollar prices, as you 
understand, has gone up around Rs95, and earlier it was around last year 
at the same time it was Rs85. So when we import paper, the paper prices, 
because of dollar, because of logistics cost, because of the tensions in 
the Middle East and all those things, the prices of paper have increased. 
So because of those reasons, we wanted to take paper a little earlier so 
that we can have some cushion from the price increases. 
And that's why we have taken the paper earlier. Paper we need to 
purchase during the whole year. But this time we have taken part of it a 
little bit earlier to save on the cost of paper going high, and that is the 
reason that we are doing it. And the paper availability is there, there's no 
problem availability, it is just a question of the price. 
And, importing paper this year, we also looking at best options, what we 
can import at what best prices we can get from the paper mills abroad. 
And Indian local mills, we have already started procuring paper. And, 
paper, we are looking at the paper prices might, firm up in the next 
quarter or so, and that's why we are a little cautious about it, and that's 
why we bought the paper earlier. 
Niteen: 
Yes, got it, got it. My next, next question is about, the, inorganic growth 
route, which you have talked about in the previous calls. So is there any 
further work we have done? Are there any proposals on the table which 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
are, which are worth considering? And if so, what is the price tag that 
we are looking for, and what will be the objectives of such acquisitions? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, so we've had a couple of conversations, and currently, of course it's 
not moved beyond a certain point. One is in the test prep space, and one 
is in the school space. And once we have more details, we'll come back 
to you. The total size of these investments is not much. I think they 
should be around Rs40 crore toRs50 crores at max. 
Niteen: 
Got it. And going back to my last time's con call, and the previous 
participant also asked about it, about the possibilities of buyback. So 
when can we hear the news about the buyback? Because it's something 
a price which has, you know, come down significantly for and also, you 
know, promoter holding will increase in case they decide not to 
participate in the buyback. 
So can you elaborate on that? I know that it's a board's decision, but 
management must be pursuing board as well. So if you can give some 
thoughts about what has been discussed or what, what is the plan on that 
side? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, so we are considering a market buyback. I think we should be able 
to once these acquisition opportunities, really, fructify over the next 2 
months. I think by October we should be in a space to decide on where 
we are on this. 
Niteen: 
Got it. My next question is about the NCF, how it is getting 
implemented, and where do you see the possibilities emerging within 
NCF? We see that the growth is now in the presentation that you 
mentioned that the growth is coming now from the state boards. So can 
you elaborate on that and how do we, you know, plan ourselves and 
where do we position ourselves from this opportunity perspective? 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So the regional board growth that we saw last year was of course Chhaya 
Prakashani. Again, that was a bit lumpy last year because what happened 
was the West Bengal elections were in April. So some of it got shifted 
into Q4. But again, the new syllabus is expected in West Bengal, so that 
should give us a good leg up for 2 years from next year onwards.  
And rest of the K-12 business is growing. I think pushing beyond a 
certain growth again would bring in some working capital inefficiency. 
We're looking at international board sales, that is definitely going to help 
us. And of course content licensing is also going to scale higher this 
year. 
Niteen: 
Got it. And my final question is about the international market growth, 
only the curriculum, international curriculum for which we did that 
acquisition from Singapore. So how is it going and shaping up now? 
What is the growth you see over there? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
This is actually a very small acquisition, and that is, I would say, at a 
very starting stage right now. It will take at least 2 years to 3 years to 
shape up. So before that anything we say will not matter because these 
things take time and we have to be patient. 
We have to be patient in these things because to market it all over India 
and all-over Indian subcontinent and Middle East, it will take our teams 
some time because that brand is unknown in these markets. 
The brand is more known in the Singapore markets. So to bring it here 
and to promote it and make it known in the education space, it takes 
time. And we are very patient in that regard, and we are waiting for it. It 
just started 3 months-4 months back, so we have to give it at least 2 years 
to 3 years. 
Atul Soni: 
So just to give an update, Our belief is that this takes 1 to 2 academic 
cycles, you know, for the product to be received by the people, by 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
customers where we are targeting them. So we have started hiring people 
for this particular segment in India. So that is where we are. 
We have hired people in two cities, and we have more hiring to follow. 
We are expecting that within let's say one to two academic cycles the 
product will be well known in the target customers' minds. 
And at the same time, I mean, the Singapore and the Malaysia sales will 
continue in that company, that will go as normal. But the India and the 
Middle East sales, this should take at least a 1-year or 2 years for it to 
fructify from here and, you know, scale from current levels. When it 
does, then it can be a J-curve kind of a growth in that company. 
Niteen: 
One more question is about the goodwill. We have a very large amount 
of goodwill sitting in our balance sheet. So, have you thought about 
revaluing it? Because it impacts our return ratios also, and that definitely 
impacts some of the investors. So have you thought about reevaluating 
it? It has been there for quite some time. I know that it may hit us also, 
in one of the years, but maybe it's a good exercise, prudent exercise, to 
consider it, something similar what we have done as an exercise for, 
during 2020-2021, maybe an extension of that? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So, I mean, we've had this conversation multiple times. The only way to 
do is through the P&L. That's a challenge, how to take it over one year 
through the P&L because you'd end up reporting losses. So that's, that's 
one challenge. In case we have an event where there is an exceptional 
income, which may happen in a couple of years' time, then that is the 
time that we probably look at impairing the goodwill. I mean, on the 
face of it, because these investments have value, these subsidies have 
intrinsic value, so it doesn't really require an impairment at this point of 
time. 
But it does depress our return ratios, that we are aware of that, because 
of course these were acquired entities. So in case we have an event 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
which there is a large, I would say, gain that is coming in, that is the time 
probably we can look at that. 
Niteen: 
Got it. Yes, yes, that is prudent, but earlier the better because it definitely 
has an impact, as you rightly said. On the return. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
There is some real estate that at some point of time we might liquidate, 
or Smartivity might go the public way at some point of time. They're 
doing decently well, so in case that happens, we would have a leeway to 
do that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chandramouli, an 
Investor. 
Chandramouli: 
What is your growth expectation for the next 2 years to 3 years? This 
year you are kind of alluding that it's about 10-15% growth apart from 
your acquisition or whatever it is. So if you say that NCERT is releasing 
new books and the new syllabus over there, course of time. What is the 
expectation for the next 2 years to 3 years? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
The steady state is again 10% to 12%, for the core business. In case there 
are acquisitions, then even more. Because see, the number of students 
that increase every year is about 3% to 4%, and volume growth another 
4%-5% that you can take, pricing growth again 4%-5% you can take. So 
that's the limitation in this, and, unless you're doing new segments or 
acquiring, you really can't, going beyond that. 
Chandramouli: 
Are you expecting something big on content licensing and things like 
that. How does that segment grow? You are talking about, Rs40 crores 
this year. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Yes, definitely. I mean, that's a very positive space and the indications 
that we have at this point in time, we hope to cross Rs40 crores, maybe 
by a good margin also. But again, till the time the contracts are not in, 
we can't commit.  

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
As on date, we're sitting on Rs14 crores revenues, where in Q1 we did 
Rs9 crore. Our expectation is definitely we'll cross Rs40 crores, but there 
is some positive development that is happening, so hopefully we'll do 
more. 
Chandramouli: 
Okay, and you talked about some IITM-Madhubun partnership. Can you 
show some light on it? How does it, in terms of so in terms of revenue 
of. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
So in terms of revenue it’s not much. It's more about the branding and, 
you know, the schools, how they perceive you as a brand since you are 
enabling them with upskilling. So in terms of revenue, it may not be so 
much, but it's an association which will help us, have a better connect 
with the schools.  
Chandramouli: 
 Okay, and this year you are talking about 17% to 19% margin, which 
includes whether the price hike of the paper into consideration or 
without that? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Yes, considering that. 
Chandramouli: 
So considering that, so, so I think for this year, even if the paper price 
go up And you don't need to really worry about that margin trend? Am 
I right? 
Saurabh Mittal: 
If they go up 40%, it's a different case. We factored in about 10%-12% 
price increase. 
Chandramouli: 
But then you already kind of bought what is required if I'm not wrong. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
No, no, no, we've barely taken 20%-25% of our annual requirements. 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Yes. We have just started to buy. 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
Atul Soni: 
We have probably taken around 25% of our annual consumption. Which 
is like 3 months-4 months earlier than usual since we usually do paper 
purchases in August, September, October. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
We can't take all of them since we don't have space for that kind of paper 
inventory. 
Himanshu Gupta: 
And cash flow and cash, we won't buy everything. 
Chandramouli: 
And you started the new state-of-the-art printing and the binding facility. 
I mean, is it yet to come? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
It's in process. Half of it will get done this year. The complete process 
will complete next year. So partially the binding and some printing will 
start moving from next week onwards. We'll start operation there 
probably in September and October, and the rest of it will go next year. 
Chandramouli: 
Do you see any benefit out of that in terms of efficiency, cost, and things 
like that? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
So, yes, so we believe that the efficiencies will improve in terms of 
productivity will improve, quality will improve. Efficiency in terms of 
quantity will improve. We can print out and take out more quantities 
faster, better, and in a more efficient manner. And this will help us grow 
in the future. 
We have planned this keeping in mind that our requirements for next 10 
years to 15 years can be met through this infrastructure that we have 
created. Beyond that I can't say, but even we do more acquisitions, even 
if you want to add more companies, even if you add more sales, and we 
believe this kind of infrastructure will help us boost our marketing and 
our sales teams which also gives them confidence, gives confidence to 
our channel partners, to our school customers. They will give them 
confidence that we will be able to deliver what we commit. So 
combined, we believe it's a good opportunity for us. 

S Chand and Company Limited 
August 11, 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
Chandramouli: 
Earlier participant alluded about that, the goodwill which is sitting on. 
Maybe you can also think about it. And again, I'm sorry to repeat, please 
consider buyback sir. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to the management for the closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Himanshu Gupta: 
Thank you everyone for taking out your time. Thank you once again and 
be safe. Thank you. Take care. 
Saurabh Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of S Chand Group, that concludes this call. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
