 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited (CIN: L65922DL2005PLC136029)  
Corp. Off.  1st Floor, Tower 3A, DLF Corporate Greens, Sector-74A, Gurgaon, Narsinghpur, Haryana – 122 004, India. T. +91 1246048213 F. +91 1246048214 
Reg. Off. A-34, 2nd & 3rd Floor, Lajpat Nagar-II, New Delhi – 110 024, India. T. +91 1148147506 F. +91 1148147501 
Email. homeloans@sammaancapital.com Web. www.sammaancapital.com 
 
 
 
Date: August 19, 2026 
 
Scrip Code – 535789, 890192 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
MUMBAI – 400 001 
Symbol - SAMMAANCAP/EQ, SCLPP 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Sub:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended – transcript of earnings conference 
call –financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
We refer to our earlier intimation dated August 13, 2026, informing that the Company has 
uploaded the audio recording of the earnings conference call hosted by it on August 13, 2026, 
on the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, on its website.   
 
In this connection, pursuant to the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the transcript of the said 
earnings conference call. The said transcript is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company.  
 
Please take the aforesaid intimation on record. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Sammaan Capital Limited  
 
 
 
 
Amit Jain 
Company Secretary 
 
CC:  
India International Exchange IFSC Limited (“India INX”) 
NSE IFSC Limited (“NSE IX”) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amit 
Kumar Jain
Digitally signed by 
Amit Kumar Jain 
Date: 2026.08.19 
18:36:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Sammaan Capital Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. GAGAN BANGA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SAMMAAN CAPITAL 
LIMITED 
 
H.E. DALIA KHORSHID – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– AVALORA HOLDINGS 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYAN SUMRA – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Sammaan Capital Limited Q1 and FY27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra from MUFG Intime. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Aryan Sumra: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference 
Call for Sammaan Capital Limited. To discuss company's quarterly performance, we have with 
us Her Excellency, Dalia Khorshid, CEO, Avalora Holding; and Mr. Gagan Banga, MD and 
CEO; along with other senior members of the management team. 
 
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements within 
today's call may be forward-looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can be found on the company's 
website. 
 
With that said, I would like to hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Gagan Banga: 
Good day, everyone, and welcome to the quarter one fiscal '27 earnings call. This is the first 
quarter under the ownership of IHC that the company has executed on. The assets under 
management in line with our guidance have increased to INR56,239 crores. We've done 
disbursements of approximately INR3,875 crores. The capital adequacy is comfortable at 20.1%. 
Profits after tax, last quarter, we had done all the required adjustments, provisions, markdowns, 
etcetera. 
 
From this quarter onwards, we start compounding journey, which should hopefully run across 
many, many years, so as the first building block of that, the quarter one profit after-tax is INR243 
crores. 
 
We had spoken about the fact that recoveries would continue to be an important earning support, 
so we had gross recoveries of INR424 crores. Net recoveries net of the provisions for the quarter 
of INR240 crores. And in normal course of business, the net NPA is now standard 0.15%.  
 
The management has been focusing on four pillars. The most important pillar from a long-term 
perspective for effective execution is to have a very robust liability franchise for which credit 
ratings are the most important ingredient. The company saw domestic ratings upgrades from AA 
to AA+. International rating upgrades from B+ to BB-. 
 
And through the second half of this year and financial year '28, we are fairly confident that we 
will move towards domestic AAA credit ratings and internationally, BB+ type of rating. Based 
on the support provided by IHC as a promoter as well as the strength of the balance sheet with 
the capital and the higher credit rating, the cost of funds are in the process of declining. We 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
started at 10.5%, through the quarter, we have reached 10%, and we are hopeful -- which is stock 
cost of funds, and we are hopeful of going to 9.3% by the end of this year. By September, we 
are optimistic to get to 9.6%. 
 
The incremental cost of fund is now down to about 9%. And we hope to make that further decline 
to by the end of the year at to 8.5%. And as the ratings continue to move up and eventually 
stabilize, we hope to hit the 7% range, 7%, 7.5%, 8% range over the course of the next 2 to 3 
years. 
 
Disbursals for the first half are planned at INR10,000 crores. First quarter was bang on target, 
and that will increase to INR20,000 crores in the second half. We've started widening the product 
segments that we operate in. We have been a monoline product company for many, many years. 
We've already started personal loans and loans against securities, we've also been working on 
building our credit platform with credit funds. So, on the NBFC, we've done the first transaction 
of that site. 
 
I will talk about it in detail. And then we've also started buying portfolios to be able to do testing, 
which will help us then start executing directly on many other product segments. 
 
In the second half of this year, with the app going live, the digital personal loans product will be 
live, with the branch expansion happening, we would also be in a position to start implementing 
our micro LAP loan strategy and the rural home loan strategy. 
 
We would be building on the branch network to enable other products, which require a very 
robust physical presence on the ground, such as gold loans to start implementing that strategy 
by financial year '28. 
 
The branch network at the end of the first half would be approximately 240 branches, which will 
increase to 270 branches. More importantly, we already cover 20 states with 23 master service 
centers. So, with the core already in play, large coverage across the country already in play. Now 
these master service centers have to compound the number of spokes that they have, which is a 
relatively easier task versus initiating a presence in certain states. 
 
Manpower is increasing every day. New offers are being given. We started that process in April, 
May. So, by August-September, that would start touching a fairly robust number. In the 
meantime, not only are we focusing on increasing our feet on street and mid-management with 
the product segments increasing, we are also focused on the complexity management, which 
comes with many products, and the assurance functions which need to be beefed up for effective 
risk and compliance management. 
 
So senior management personnel have been hired, mid-level hiring is happening, and the large 
number hiring is happening on feet on street for both sales, collections and credit processes. The 
third important area for the company is the entire tech landscape that we are covering, which 
largely focuses on building a digital- first strategy. The goal is to be able to service all of our 
individual and MSME customers via the app, irrespective of whether they do a complete journey, 
which can be done for a home loan very easily, versus using bits and parts of the journey through 
the app. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
But what our endeavor will be that every product should be end-to-end deliverable on the app 
itself, and that’s what we are focusing on. It should go live in the second half of this year. It 
would need to integrate a new CRM platform, which is being implemented via Salesforce and a 
new loan management system, as well as we need to manage a humongous amount of data. So, 
creating the necessary data lake and the data processing capabilities. All of that work is going 
on. 
 
In order to be able to provide seamless service, seamless credit decisions, artificial intelligence 
is very important, and it is also very important for robust risk management. There are 53 use 
cases which are currently under implementation, of which about 60% of those would be 
implemented within the financial year itself. 
 
Next half would be more about focusing on making the app more effective via customer service 
and then extending it to our DSAs. All in all, we are looking at our digital first and our AI 
adoption to help us do more cross-sell, to make sure that the loan life cycle management is done 
more effectively at a lower cost, and overall, make sure that risk management practices are 
institutionalized. 
 
The fourth and the pillar which ensures that the profits that I spoke about and said that this is the 
first input into a multi-decade compounding journey, that entire compounding for it to be 
sustainable and continuous is based on governance. We are happy to welcome two IHC 
nominees, Mr. Alwyn Crasta, who is the Group CFO, and Her Excellency Dalia, who’s also 
been kind enough to spare time to be on this call. They’re both on the board. 
 
The subject matter experts within the IHC group are also on our various board committees. There 
is a peer-to-peer exchange of information and guardrails being done across risk, tech, HR, 
marketing, finance, and all of those functions to continue to improve the assurance function. 
 
The process of identifying a statutory auditor, next year, all of you are aware that the cycle of 
auditors would change. So, the process of identifying one of the big audit firms amongst the big 
five audit firms is well initiated and we hope to close that process proactively fairly quickly. 
 
Similarly, in parallel, we are running with a process of finding a co-sourcing partner for 
strengthening our internal audit function. Again, amongst the top five audit firms in the country. 
That process we should be concluding within this quarter itself. 
 
There is a lot of focus on assurance. Both the board members and the management are well 
aware of the benefit of sustainability that comes via appropriate assurance, and we are all 
working towards enabling the same. 
 
Now, I’ll elaborate on each of the four pillars that I spoke about. Starting with the liability 
franchise, as I said, that in our opinion is the most important pillar. What we are focusing on in 
the near term is rating upgrades and ensuring a decline in cost of funds. What we have achieved 
is one set of credit rating upgrades. What we are working on is by demonstrating our balance 
sheet strength, our enhanced operating scale, and ability to manage complexity, and supported 
by comfort from the IHC group, our journey towards AAA. I hope it’s a short journey. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
In order to give the right type of message to the market, we’ve already completed a $63 million 
buyback of our dollar bonds. Our dollar bonds are now trading at a premium to other comparable 
rated peers. I hope all of this put together will urge the rating agencies to support us by giving 
the necessary upgrades. 
 
Numbers and this are probably the most important achievement of the quarter. At the time that 
IHC expressed its interest in becoming our promoter, the cost of funds were about 90 basis points 
higher to where they’ve landed up, in less than a year of the transaction first being announced, 
then receiving regulatory approvals and then getting funded. 
 
That should, by the time we end this year, should have declined to 9.3%. As I mentioned earlier, 
there would be an annual decline of about 40 basis points to 90 basis points. Hopefully, we will 
get to below 8% over the course of the next three years. 
 
For the quarter, the most important piece was we were able to negotiate with our lenders to 
reprice our existing borrowings, which affects the overall stock of borrowings, as well as on 
incremental borrowings get much lower spreads over the benchmark. 
 
We’ve seen a return of the private and foreign banks, which had over the last few years not been 
supporting the company. They have been doing large underwritings for the company and large 
balance sheet exposures through quarter one. We’ve already become the third largest issuers 
amongst our AA+ peers, and hopefully we should come to the top of that list by the end of this 
year itself. 
 
From a third-party point of view, which I don’t need to view, all of you can look at the screen 
or various disclosures and come to the same conclusion yourself. The secondary yields have 
rerated both for domestic and international bonds, which then by themselves imply a lower 
incremental borrowing cost. 
 
The borrower base is now going beyond just domestic banks to include foreign banks. Within 
domestic banks, private banks have come back, and domestic institutions have come back to 
participate in our bond borrowing program. All in all, this is a unique tailwind that we have. 
Interest rates are flattish to slightly going up for most of our peers. 
 
While on absolute value, we are still paying much higher rates. On a relative percentage basis, 
our cost of funds, are declining, which is a unique tailwind that we have, which will help us 
support our earning trajectory over the next few quarters. 
 
Assets and the growth of assets is something, which is obviously the most important deliverable 
from a stakeholder perspective, while liabilities are a key input to that. To have a well-
diversified, sustainable asset strategy which operates within relevant guardrails and yet produces 
a sustainable return on asset and net interest margins is something that determines whether an 
NBFC is successful or not. 
 
To that end, we have disbursed approximately INR3,900 crores in quarter one across five 
different products to approximately 12,000 new customers. All of these disbursements are 
happening within defined risk guardrails. So, we have moved on from simply doing portfolio 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
management, which we had been doing for the past many years, to finally getting on to driving 
growth. 
 
Adding new products, new customers, truly benefiting from the flexibility of being able to 
pursue any and every asset class which our license as an NBFC ICC provides to us. We are not 
restricted or tied down to being just a mortgage lender. So, we move on from portfolio 
management to growth. This is the first quarter to do that, and I am very glad with what we have 
been able to achieve. 
 
We are looking at this year, the first year of IHC as a promoter, as a year to stabilize, put together 
the building blocks for sustainable growth by just Sammaan Capital, and then we will start 
exploring various options, which will determine whether we build or buy. Inorganic growth will 
be on the table from next financial year. 
 
Product expansion is something which is right up there. That is the strategy. How do we get 
from 5 to 10 to 15 products? The best-in-class NBFCs have as much as 20 products. So that is 
clearly a path that they are showing to us, which is sustainable, and we would like to pursue that. 
We are anchoring our expansion this financial year in mortgages because that is something that 
we know we have been doing. 
 
But in terms of both testing and scaling up products, we would look at digital personal loans as 
an important asset class. Similarly, in the years to come, both micro LAP loans and rural home 
loans will become part of our mainstay in terms of would be amongst the assets which will be 
contributing about two-thirds to three-fourths of the disbursement. 
 
By fiscal 2028, the network would also be ready to be able to physically deliver gold loans, 
digitally deliver two-wheeler loans, and also integrate with various e-commerce marketplaces to 
be able to do buy now, pay later type of facilities. So that is something, that by end of next year 
should be fully functional. And then cross-selling to our rural borrowers would begin between 
fiscal 2029 and 2030. So, all of these are areas which are work in progress, either digitally or 
physically or both. And month on month, we will continue to add to the product suite. 
 
The digital-first or the app-first product is what is driving the overall strategy. We are working 
to ensure that each and every product of ours focused on the retail and MSME product goes live 
on the app, and digital fulfillment is something that we would want to make sure is done for 
every customer. The products that we cater to today, which is home loans and LAP, are already 
live on the app, but we have to make sure that every other product is also live on the app as and 
when we formally launch the product. 
 
That said, it is a phased growth. This year is a year of investments in physical infrastructure, in 
people, and in determining the guardrails within which we want to operate. And the 
understanding within the management team is that we have to balance growth with yield and 
risk while staying in the near term, mortgage-focused, but spending a lot of our bandwidth in 
making sure that a large amount of our disbursements in due course of time is also coming from 
non-mortgage opportunities. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
In this, a very unique strength that we have is the fact that we are already physically present in 
20 states of the country, covering practically 100% of the lendable or scaled lendable opportunity 
within the country. We have 23 master service centers, which are reasonably sized offices with 
credit resources who have been around and understand risk and credit both and have seen cycles. 
 
And both the personnel as well as the branch would act as the hub to make sure that the spoke 
that we create for a single product or multiproduct is effective very quickly and is able to scale 
up very quickly. It is a phygital model both for the customer as well as for our internal journey 
of approving the credit. And one is very confident to be able to deliver and get to an 800 type of 
branch network by end of next year. 
 
People are obviously very important. As I spoke briefly earlier, there is an investment around 
increasing the capacity and the capability of the senior management personnel. So, a lot of 
investment of time and resources is going on in that. It’s not a very quick process to end, 
especially at the SMP level, and you will start getting stock exchange intimations from us 
towards the end of the quarter, going into next quarter. 
 
The mid-level and the ground level hiring is going on. It takes about between offer to joining, it 
takes about 90 to 120 days. We are about 60 to 90 days in that process. Over the course of the 
next 2 months, you would also visibly start seeing a big change in the number of people that we 
are. August being the first month, we are almost halfway through August, and I am extremely 
happy to see the joining which are happening on a daily basis. 
 
The third, for future competitiveness. So, we spoke about sustained competitiveness coming 
from the liability franchise, growth being delivered from a focus on assets, and widening of 
assets, deepening of assets. Sustained competitiveness would certainly come from our smooth 
evolution of the digital footprint, as well as AI adoption, and focusing that our growth is all data 
driven. 
 
To that end, a variety of initiatives to set up the foundations of any type of a digital platform 
starting from a CRM platform to just processing capability or storage capability is going on. We 
are also investing in data sciences and getting the right people, the smart people who understand 
this and have done this at scale in e-commerce companies as well as fintech companies to be 
supporting us. 
 
And the process of integrating with market participants has also started. There is a large buy 
opportunity in this. At this time the bias is towards build, such that we can effectively also have 
the evaluation skill sets if in fiscal '28 there is a buy opportunity to present itself. 
 
AI is a critical area of focus as well as success evaluation. To which end I believe that about 
66% of the use cases identified right now are put in motion. Risk management since we are 
looking at sustained but fairly high growth is the most important and therefore half of the 
initiatives are just around risk and compliance. 
 
Again, the assurance function is the fourth leg that I spoke about, to which not only is tech 
playing a key role, but integration with our promoter group is also happening. They have stepped 
into the board. The board would continue to evolve in the months to come. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
 
But there is a functional oversight and a function-to-function integration which is happening 
across finance, information technology, and artificial intelligence, risk, human resources, data 
sciences and marketing. 
 
There is a financial consolidation which is also happening for the past four months and every 
day we are learning about the unique strengths of our promoter and we feel that this is providing 
a very good base for us to continue to progress. 
 
This quarter we disbursed almost INR3,900 crores. About INR664 crores was disbursed for 
home loans, about INR2,000 crores for loans against property. We did one deal with a large 
Asia-based credit fund in which we took 20% and they took 80% of this INR840 crores and we 
will continue to make a management fee on their portion also. 
 
So that's something which has been put into motion and I'm very glad that it has happened 
quickly. We've started doing unsecured lending, both internally as well as portfolio buyouts, 
small numbers, but approximately INR100 crores. 
 
And the loans against securities product which targets high net worth individuals continues to 
roll, works between listed and unlisted securities is again small at INR262 crores, but these are 
important initiatives which will allow us to understand these product categories and in due 
course of time these would become all multi INR1,000 crores products on a standalone basis. 
 
But we will do it steadily within the guardrails and within the operating number targets that we 
have set for ourselves. 97% of the disbursements were around secured loans. And 97% of the 
AUM is also secured. So, for many years to come, that would continue to be a moat of the 
company that our balance sheet is largely backed by secured assets. 
 
All in all, I would say that it has been a very satisfying quarter for me. We had many wins. That 
said, we are a AA+ company. We fully understand that there are 14 AAA companies that we are 
competing with in due course of time. There are about five, six other AA+ companies which are 
relevant. 
 
We are in the pack of 20. But we are fairly confident that there is enough headroom out there, 
for us to be able to navigate ourselves to the top. Often it is very important to understand what 
your current position is and where you can go. We used to be the eighth largest. Currently we 
are the 15th largest, fairly confident that we will be in the top five in the next few years. 
 
Capital has come, which reduces the distraction for the management team. We are uniquely 
placed with earning power of approximately INR53,000 crores of assets. But we are a young 
company, a new company, which is starting to disburse with a starting number of INR4,000 
crores, in approximately INR4,000 crores in the first quarter of disbursements. 
 
No startup can do that. We probably disbursed as much as many NBFCs have as assets under 
management. And this growth and earning power is backed by two very important tailwinds that 
we have. Both of which have come through and will continue to come through in every quarter. 
And I will continue to talk about it in a very underlined sort of manner. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
One is a reducing cost of funds, which is being witnessed. It is also being witnessed on the P&L. 
And the other is recoveries. So, when we had done the balance sheet adjustments of last quarter 
there was a lot of skepticism. And this quarter I hope that that skepticism is put to end. We have 
returned a quarter of healthy recoveries. 
 
We will continue with that trend. I'm almost in the middle of quarter two and I can confirm to 
you that disbursements are bang on to achieve the INR10,000 crores of disbursements in the first 
half. Recoveries, we will exceed the projections that we have made internally, for the profit 
projections that we have made to all of you. This I can say with 100% of confidence. 
 
Why I can say this for both disbursements and recoveries is because we have a trusted team. We 
have people who have been with us for a long time. We understand that talent needs to be 
continuously added. Times keep moving, whether it is assets or liabilities or tech or risk, 
everything is evolving on a daily basis. 
 
And to that end we are happy to add talent. We are welcoming people into the company. We 
will soon start welcoming people into the senior management team. And I'm very glad that we 
will be having this addition of talent. 
 
The branch network is again something that is not a mystery for us to solve, as to how do we go 
find the right branch or create the necessary infrastructure. We have people on the ground in 20 
states who, for them, who are already operating in approximately 10 cities per state. Now, for 
them to make that 20 cities per state is relatively easy, and 20 becoming 30 is even more easier. 
So, this branch network and the hub-and-spoke that we already have is a key strength for us. 
 
The tech stack, in that we don’t have some sort of a legacy tech stack. There are several legacy 
issues which are relatively easier to solve. But ask any practitioner who runs a business at scale, 
a legacy tech stack is amongst the most difficult problems to solve. We are not burdened with 
that and we are continuing to work on not only refreshing our tech stack, but building a 
completely new tech stack because we were not doing a lot of things, like we did not have digital 
loans and so on. 
 
The other unique power that we have is of security receipts. We did a large sale to ARCs last 
quarter. We’ve been doing large sales to ARCs since financial year 2023. Of what we sold in 
financial year 2023, today, we’ve already recovered 99%. Of what we sold in financial year 
2024, we’ve recovered 95%. 
 
We’ve come to realize that this is the most effective resolution mechanism, and this would 
continue to contribute to not only reduce the opening security receipts stock but also enhance 
our recovery process. So, this is, again, an initiative that we took. We outsourced a large part of 
our recovery process, and that is continuing to work well. We will continue over the quarters to 
come to use this thing. 
 
Fortunately, we already have the buffers in place, we’ve already marked down assets and so on. 
So, don’t worry, there is no P&L pain which is going to come, but all I’m saying is that the 
success in resolution, 99%, 95% in a couple of years. For the last four years, if I have to look at, 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
we’ve already collected 61%, whereas the industry has done about 40%. So, it will be a tool that 
we will effectively use to reduce our burden as management, yet get the monies back for us. 
 
The disbursement is something which is of high priority. Rating trajectory is something which 
is being supported by how we are disbursing, how the balance sheet is, and the comfort that IHC 
is by active participation with the management, actively participating in meetings with rating 
agencies and other stakeholders is supporting the company. I’m thankful to IHC for that. 
 
And all-in-all, I think the opportunity is huge, the opportunity is sustainable, and we are fully 
focused on the opportunity. Someone very knowledgeable told me, "Gagan, you have been a 
good general in wartime. Now the test is, will you be a good general in peacetime?" That surely 
is a challenge for me, and I am all up for the challenge with my team. 
 
Thank you, and we are now ready for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Raghav Garg from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Raghav Garg: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the results, sir. Am I audible? 
Management: 
Yes, Raghav. Thank you. You are audible. 
Raghav Garg: 
Okay, super. I have my first question, please. I see that you are targeting separately rating by the 
second half and I think 2, 3 years out you are eventually targeting 7.5% to 8% cost of funds. 
Once you have this in the bag, the lower funding cost, are you looking to be more price 
competitive from a customer acquisition point of view or will you retain the highest spreads? I 
am just trying to understand how are you thinking about your scalability going forward, whether 
you want to play on the price and then acquire customers or how do you see it? That is my first 
question. 
Management: 
Sure, Raghav. Thanks for the question. Our strategy will ride on two strengths. One is a reduced 
cost of funds and the other is the asset-light model that we have. Just if you look at the last year, 
we had originated and sold down approximately INR7,000 crores of loans. That is a huge 
strength that we have and we will continue to ride on that as well as the balance sheet borrowings 
reduce, borrowing costs reduce, we will do that. 
 
On the asset side, the strategy and how these two, so to say, borrowing inputs play out is that the 
universe of assets will start as low as 8.5%, will go as high as 20%-odd. So we will straddle the 
whole universe. Very clearly, anything which is below 9.5% would be originated, but originated 
to be ultimately sold down in a direct assignment model. 
 
And above 9.5% we can slice and dice to see what we need to keep on our balance sheet and 
what we need to securitize. On a sustainable basis, at least if not more, 30% of what we originate, 
we will securitize. At least 60% to 70% of what we originate, we will keep as a backup that we 
can securitize it if we deem fit. It is not only that prime-prime assets of 8.5%, 9.5% get 
securitized. Loan against property assets of 11% to 12% also do. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Affordable loans of 12% to 13% also do. So, we will maintain a healthy mix of what we are 
securitizing, which is about 30%, what we can potentially securitize, which is another 30%. And 
via using our asset-light strategy, which will give us more origination and management fee for 
the low-yielding products and balance sheet spread for the slightly higher yielding products. 
 
We hope that we will have a unique model where we are not just a prime-prime NBFC lender 
or a lender which is doing rural and micro products because they are pursuing a certain spread 
and a certain yield. We hope that with the people and the tech capacity that we have, this is a 
complex exercise, but we should have the capacity of being able to manage it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Raghav, I'll request you to come back for a follow-up. Next question is from the line 
of Bhanu Chauhan from Barclays Group. Please go ahead. 
Bhanu Chauhan: 
Thanks, Gagan, for the update. Given the expansion plans, how much upfront opex is this 
required and do we expect the cost to income to worsen before operating leverage kicks in? What 
would be the target cost to income at scale for the company going forward?  
Management: 
So we have fairly ambitious expansion plans. opex as an absolute value will continue to increase. 
To offset that increase, we are looking at continuing to increase the fee income of the company. 
Maybe with a lag of a quarter or 2, but not more. Fee income which comes from these CRA type 
of assets in which we have a small participation, but we get big fee via a large amount of money 
being managed by someone else which we have -- sorry, being held on someone else’s balance 
sheet which we have originated. That gives us big fee income. 
 
I would think that by October or so, our direct assignment program, because there is a lag of six 
months, would also kick in, and that would give us a reasonable fee buffer. As the number of 
customers, that number expands, we will continue to see that additional income. I would imagine 
that this year we would be in the 50% type of cost-to-income range. From second half of next 
year, that will start declining. Hopefully by fiscal 2029, we will come to a 30% to 35% range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Bhanu, I'll request you to come back for a follow-up. Next question is from the line 
of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Yes. Hi, Gagan. Thank you for your presentation and congrats on going from strength to strength 
with the dispersals. I just had one question on the roughly INR3 billion that’s targeted over the 
next 18 months. Do you see the breakup of these dispersals in a similar line to what we saw for 
the first quarter? Or what’s your targeted breakup of the dispersals between the different asset 
classes that you have? 
Management: 
No. It will not be the same. This year, about 75% of dispersals would still be mortgage-backed, 
25% would be the new products, personal loans and other retail products, and the capital markets 
products that we will have. Of the 75%, two-thirds will be purely retail, one-third will be the 
wholesale AUM that we will create, of which we will keep about 20% on our balance sheet. So 
it would still be largely secured this year, about 90% secured, 10% unsecured, and by next year 
it will become 80% secured, 20% unsecured. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
 
I would like that as we go forward from the current four, five boxes that we have defining our 
dispersals, that is one, two, three, four, five. This should, by the end of the year, increase to at 
least eight boxes explaining our dispersals. By the end of next year, expand to at least 15 boxes, 
even with small numbers explaining our dispersals.  
Abhiram Iyer: 
Perfect. Thank you for the response. I'll get back in queue. 
Management: 
Thank you Abhiram. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vinit Agarwal from Bajaj Alternates. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinit Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just one question. How active is IHC in product strategy, 
liability management, risk management, or underwriting processes? Will you be able to quantify 
any tangible benefits already realized from IHC’s involvement, be in terms of business sourcing 
or technology partnership products? Thanks. 
Management: 
Sure. I will start with that and, Her Excellency, if you believe you will have anything to add, 
please do, but I will just spend a minute to respond to that. IHC’s support, if you ask me in terms 
of tangible benefits, we were AA rated, if we would have received amount of capital. If you guys 
may have noticed between calendar 2024 and early calendar 2025, we raised about the same 
amount of money that has come in rupees. We raised about INR5,500 crores then, and INR5,600 
crores has come in. 
 
The balance will come, or INR3,200 crores will come over the next year and a half. Nothing 
happened. Here, by IHC coming in, from a week to the first quarter, every rating that the 
company has moved up one to two notches, which is already saving the company 90 basis points 
on a borrowing program, which is roughly INR50,000 crores. So, we are already saving on an 
annualized basis about INR450 crores. 
 
There can’t be more tangible benefit. With another 70 basis points, nothing else is moving to 
happen between now and the rest of the year. 160 basis points on INR60,000 crores of 
borrowings by the end of the year, we are saving annually INR1,000 crores. That’s $120 million, 
$130 million of annualized saving, which has already come in, and is getting played out on a 
daily basis. 
 
The other very big benefit is the peer-to-peer integration, which is happening across functions. 
The kind of values that we are being able to get for the software deals that we are now ordering 
is roughly 30% to 50% of the costs that were coming to us earlier without the IHC group, because 
it is the IHC group, which is talking to the vendor, versus us as a standalone company talking to 
the vendor. 
 
So, these are some of the very tangible benefits that I can say. The intangible benefits is this 
business is about people. The quality of people that I am being able to attract today at the very 
top, and you will see six to seven very interesting additions happening in the senior management 
team over the course of the next three to four months. Those guys would not have joined us had 
we been Sammaan Capital, a professionally managed company. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
I mentioned in my remarks about being a peacetime general or a wartime general. The war would 
have continued had we not been a IHC group company. A lot of our adversaries have backed off 
because they know that we now have a very strong promoter who is supporting us, backing us 
and will back us to the hilt. 
 
What is IHC? IHC has resources. It has the entire reach. It has all the capabilities that are required 
to build a big business. And we are benefiting from all of this. So very desirable, quantifiable, 
tangible and much larger intangible benefits which are coming through in the first 90 days to 
120 days itself. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanket from DAM Capital Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sanket: 
Yeah. So just wanted to check with Dalia ma'am  that beyond lending, what's the larger India 
dream here? Do we want to start other lines of businesses within, say, financial ecosystem, 
maybe say two, three, four years hence? So apart from just the lending if we see your career 
ma'am, pretty illustrious career with great achievements also on the investment side, just wanted 
to know what's the larger dream for IHC, when it comes to Indian financial ecosystem? 
Management: 
Yeah, Dalia unfortunately just dropped off. I will park this question. As soon as we know that 
she's come back in, we'll take this question and reprioritize the line. In case she is unable to join 
for any technical reason, I will answer that. Can we just for the moment park this and move to 
the next question, knowing fully well that we have to still answer it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Next question is from the line of Niharika from CapGrow Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Niharika: 
Yeah. So, was just going through the guidance which has been given by the management over 
the next five years. Say, for example, ROE moving up from 6.8% to 18.7%. ROA from 1.8% to 
8.1%. NIM from 3.5% to 8%. So, I believe that the targets are too ambitious. How confident are 
we on achieving this and what are the on ground things currently being done apart from the 
product launches that you mentioned? 
Management: 
Yeah, so we're obviously confident which is why we mustered the courage to put it on in public 
domain and hold ourselves accountable to that. So we put it on 20th of May and you're asking 
us about it on 13th of August. Probably next year sometime in August someone will still ask us. 
So, we're confident. 
 
Product launches is something which is one important part of this, but it hinges on the liability 
franchise I've spoken at length about broadening the base of lenders, new lender participation 
happening. I have spoken about, ratings upgrades. AA+ has already happened, next year AAA. 
Lowering cost of funds which will allow us to compete, continuing with our strength of asset 
light which will allow us to straddle from as low as 8.5% product to as high as a 20% product, 
choosing which one to keep on our balance sheet and which one to securitize. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
 
The other key building block is tech. How do we make sure that our individual and MSME 
customer can both do the entire loan journey digitally as well as get serviced digitally. So 
ultimately we can get to our goal of a 30% to 35% cost to income while managing a few million 
customers. And all of this will happen only if we have a very focused governance model, which 
leans into a very stable assurance model, which sets the necessary guardrails, gives the flexibility 
to management but also keeps compliance and risk management right at the heart of the 
company. 
 
So these are the other broad areas. If you go through the presentation of this quarter, each area 
has been elaborated and it has been fleshed out in terms of what exactly are we going to do 
through this financial year, which is the important one which will set the base and then all the 
targets will automatically start happening. 
 
Thank you. I'll take one last question and then come back to the question of DAM. Sorry, her 
Excellency, are you logged in? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, we have ma'am's connection reconnected with us. 
Management: 
Yes.  I am. 
Management: 
So from DAM Capital the question was that aside of the NBFC business, for IHC what are the 
other lines of businesses that you have especially given the fact that you have a very illustrious 
background of managing diverse type of investments. How would you personally as well as at 
an IHC level look to take advantage of the opportunities that India had aside of the lending 
business ? That was the question. If you can answer? Thank you.  
Management: 
Okay. Thank you for the question. Honored to be here with all of you today on this investor call. 
First of all, we started managing so much with respect to different regions – lending and 
investment. Personally, I started off my career in the lending space as a corporate banker with 
Citi for almost like 13 years. So just after it I spent another 12 years with a large former with 
investments across Africa across EA, Europe as well APAC so we can -- at that time, I was the 
risk for matching all bets across industries in construction as well as fertilizers, cement and 
chemicals. After that, I became the Minister of Investments for Egypt. This was the time we 
were doing the economic reform, [0:56:58: Due to technical issues, the audio was unclear at 
this point and could not be accurately transcribed] 
                                                So, I was minister of Investment and for a time when we done the economic reform program 
with the investment policy as well as the privatization as well as the IPO program as well as 
setting up the sovereign wealth fund So this was a time where I managed all the investments. 
 
Now we have as part of IHC, we've done a lot of investments that are related and not related to 
financial services. And all of them, they are in the fintech space and the private equity start-ups 
as well as large corporates, and they are across Africa, across Central and Eastern Europe as well 
as Southeast Asia. 
 
So, there is a lot of opportunities that are open in front of us, and we are open for so much 
growth, both India, the big market and in the deep market and the IHC Group has so many wealth 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
with respect to the industries that they have experience in from mining, from construction, from 
agriculture, SMB, data AI financial services. 
 
So as far as we are concerned, the entire group is there behind us, and there is so much that we 
are open for and ready. And our investment in financial services to Sammaan is just a start and 
definitely with the digitalization as well as the AI and the tech transformation that we're working 
on that is going to be so much opportunities that are available that are all going to be explored 
within the target market as well as the risk acceptance create of the group. And accordingly, 
we'll be able to consider and get our growth from there. 
Management: 
Dalia, their question was also about aside of lending, other financial services that you may expect 
or plan in due course of time for Sammaan to look at. 
Management: 
Yeah, other than lending there is so many available as I said. I don't know if you've heard that. 
There is a lot of different forms. We are exploring the different forms of all the digital, the AI 
space, the fintech space, which all complements the lending and gets it all sold on a bundled 
base. 
Management: 
Yes. So, to just continue with what Her Excellency said, this year is a year of stabilization of 
NBFC, of putting the building blocks together. From next year onwards, whether it is on the 
digital lending opportunity or any sort of cross-sell opportunity or to acquire a large number of 
customers as well as fee income is a very key part. 
 
So, whatever are the other drivers of fee income, asset management, providing services to high 
net worth individuals, and all of that, everything is on the table. We will wait a little bit, we will 
focus on getting this right, on scaling this up and then all the opportunities would be evaluated 
under the group's variety of criteria of risk and returns and accordingly the decision would be 
taken. 
 
Thank you, Dalia, for the response. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
 I just wanted to make a comment that Sammaan for us is a platform. And it's a growth platform. 
And there are huge plans for it to be able to operate and work as a platform. So, it's going to be 
a build up from there. 
Management: 
Yes.  Thank you, Dalia, I think we answered their question.  
 
Mr. Moderator, we can take one last question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nilesh Sharma, from Monomer Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nilesh Sharma: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir my simple question is what is the disbursement 
target for current and next financial year? 
Management: 
So this year it is INR30,000 crores. And for next year is INR40,000 to INR50,000 crores. For 
the first half it is INR10,000 crores, second half it is INR20,000 crores, and somewhere between 
INR40,000 to INR50,000 crores for next financial year. 

 
 
Sammaan Capital Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
Thank you. Thank you everyone for sparing time and as always if there are any follow-on queries 
we are available to answer and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of MUFG Intime, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
