 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 4, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: VBL 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 540180 
 
 
Sub: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on July 28, 2026 i.e. post declaration of 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Half Year ended June 30, 2026 is 
enclosed.  
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.varunbeverages.com.  
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Varun Beverages Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Batra 
 
Chief Risk Officer & Group Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Batra
Digitally signed by Ravi 
Batra 
Date: 2026.08.04 
19:48:43 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Varun Beverages Limited 
Q2 & H1 CY2026 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Varun Beverages Limited 
earnings conference call.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Varun 
Beverages’ Q2 CY2026 earnings conference call. We have with us Mr. Ravi Jaipuria, 
Chairman of the company, Mr. Varun Jaipuria, Executive Vice Chairman and Whole-
Time Director, and Mr. Raj Gandhi, President and Whole-Time Director of the 
company. 
 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the management, following which 
we will have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. Before we begin, I 
would like to point out that some statements made in today's call may be forward-
looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results 
presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on our earnings conference 
call. I hope you have had a chance to review our results presentation for the second 
quarter and half yearly ended June 30th, 2026.  
We are pleased to report a strong performance during this quarter across our 
markets. Consolidated sales volume grew by 19.8% and, together with improved 
realizations translated into a 20.4% increase in net revenue from operations. EBITDA 
increased by 17.2% to Rs. 23,430.4 million in Q2 2026.  

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
In India, we saw healthy volume growth in twenties since the onset of the season, 
i.e. from March onwards except for the month of April, which was about flat, resulting 
in overall volume growth for the quarter of 14.4%. Our expanded manufacturing 
footprint, extensive distribution network, and continued investments in chilling 
infrastructure continued to drive growth. 
 
We also extended our exclusive bottling and trademark license agreement with 
PepsiCo in India until April 2049 and removed the earlier restrictions requiring VBL 
to operate solely as the SPV for PepsiCo business, strengthening our long-term 
partnership and creating greater operational flexibility to pursue opportunities that 
can deliver scale and synergies.  
We also entered a strategic alliance with Asahi Group Holdings to introduce the 
iconic CALPIS brand in India, marking our entry into the value-added fermented dairy 
beverage category. 
 
The international business maintained strong momentum. Twizza in South Africa 
helped overcome capacity constraints while strengthening our manufacturing 
footprint and route-to-market capabilities in South Africa. We also entered into an 
agreement to acquire the business of Devyani Food Industries (Kenya) Limited, 
which will provide us with the ready GTM in Kenya for expansion into carbonated 
soft drinks and energy drinks. 
 
In accordance with our dividend policy, the Board of Directors has approved an 
interim dividend of 25% of face value, i.e., Rs. 0.50 per share, resulting in total cash 
outflow of ~Rs. 1,691 million.  
Looking ahead, we remain confident in the long-term growth potential across our 
markets, supported by favorable demographics, rising disposable incomes, and 
increasing consumption of packaged beverages. With adequate capacities, a 
growing and diversified portfolio, strong partnerships, and an extensive distribution 
network, we are well-positioned to deliver sustained and profitable growth and create 
long-term value for all our stakeholders.  
I would now like to invite Mr. Gandhi to share the key highlights of our operational 
and financial performance. Thank you. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to everyone joining 
us today. Let me provide an overview of the financial performance for the second 
quarter and half year ended 30th June 2026.  

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Revenue from operations net of excise and GST stood at Rs. 84,512.3 million in Q2 
of 2026, up 20.4% year-on-year. For H1 2026, revenue increased by 19.4% to Rs. 
150,254.2 million. Growth during the quarter was primarily supported by 19.8% 
increase in consolidated sales volume to the level of 466.7 million cases.  
As mentioned by Chairman, in India, we saw healthy volume growth in twenties since 
the onset of the season, with the exception of April. International markets also 
delivered a healthy growth with volumes increasing by 38.4% including the 
contribution of 11.8 million cases from Twizza in South Africa. 
Net realization per case for beverages at the consolidated level improved by 1.2% 
supported by better realizations in international territories. Gross margin improved 
by 44 basis points year-on-year to 55% supported by a higher mix of international 
business. In India, early stocking of key raw materials and savings in sugar 
consumption driven by a higher mix of low-sugar, no-sugar products helped maintain 
gross margins despite the inflationary raw material environment affected by West 
Asia crisis. 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 23,430.4 million, registering growth of 17.2% year-on-year with 
the EBITDA margin at 27.7% in Q2 of 2026. EBITDA margin declined by 76 basis 
points year-on-year primarily due to consolidation of Twizza business which currently 
operates at lower margins. In India, the EBITDA margins improved by 38 basis points 
driven by operational efficiencies arising from healthy volume growth, partially offset 
by higher other expenses, primarily transportation and distribution costs. 
PAT grew by 15.1% to the level of Rs. 15,253.6 million, supported by strong volume 
growth across India and international territories. Depreciation increased by 33.6% 
due to the commissioning of new plants in India last year, which were not part of the 
base quarter, and the acquisition of Twizza in South Africa. Finance costs increased 
by 55.8% primarily on account of Twizza acquisition.  
For H1 2026, EBITDA increased by 18.7% to the level of Rs. 38,719.6 million, while 
PAT grew by 16.9% to the level of Rs. 24,040.7 million. Low-sugar, no-sugar 
products contributed approximately 73% of the consolidated volume during the 
period.  
VBL India remains net debt-free with surplus cash of ~Rs. 14,941 million. At the 
consolidated level, net debt stood at ~Rs. 3,730 million as of 30th June 2026. This 
was primarily on account of acquisition of Twizza in South Africa. Company's long-
term rating for its bank loan facilities has been reaffirmed by CRISIL at AAA stable. 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
During H1 2026, net capitalized capex amounted to ~Rs. 9,500 million. This included 
~Rs. 2,000 million towards brownfield expansion in India including value-added dairy 
beverages line at Supa, ~Rs. 1,000 million towards snack manufacturing plant in 
Zimbabwe, and ~Rs. 4,000 million towards market infrastructure including visi-
coolers, glass bottles, pallets, and vehicles, etcetera. The balance was attributable 
to foreign exchange fluctuations. 
As on 30th June 2026, capital work-in-progress stood at the level of ~Rs. 4,900 
million, primarily relating to expansion in South Africa and a CSD line in Kenya. In 
addition, inorganic capex of Rs. 11,314 million was incurred towards the acquisition 
of Twizza Limited in South Africa.  
Looking ahead, we remain focused on sustaining our growth trajectory by leveraging 
our expanded capacities, diversified portfolio, and extensive distribution network. In 
India, favorable demand trends, increasing beverage penetration, and continued 
investments in market infrastructure provide a strong foundation for future growth, 
while the ongoing expansion of our international operations broaden our opportunity 
base across markets. We believe our strong execution capabilities will enable us to 
deliver consistent performance going forward.  
On that note, I have come to an end of opening remarks and would like to now ask 
the moderator to open the forum for any questions or suggestions that you may have. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, thank you. My first question is on the demand side in India. So, if you could tell 
us on Rs. 10 price point, is there any further scale-up for your business and outlook 
on that? Second is when I see the quarter number, clearly April was challenging for 
the category. But if I see Campa Cola's numbers, they claim to have achieved 50% 
of FY26 sales in same quarter. If you could tell us if the rain impact was more in your 
geographies because that could be the reason. That is my first question. Thank you.
 
 
Varun Jaipuria: 
If you see our growth, which is March onwards, we are growing healthily at 20% plus. 
Even post-June, we are looking at a 20% plus growth at least minimum. We have 
not scaled up Rs. 10 significantly as it is a non-profitable category for us and as long 
as we are delivering 20% plus growth in most of our markets, we are pretty happy 
with that growth. And long-term sustainability is not there. Yes, certain markets we 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
are obviously pushing Rs. 10, but it is not a very big mix for us as yet in our portfolio. 
So that is the first thing. 
 
Secondly, Campa at that price point will grow because there is a certain population 
which is not able to access or have access to the price points, in terms of 
consumption. Campa is growing, the Rs. 10 is growing, maybe they are eating out 
local brands as well at the same time. But in our markets, at least we have seen that 
we are growing at the same time as well with our price points. We are sure a lot of 
new people are getting recruited in the category as well at Rs. 10, hence they could 
be getting a lot of volume from there. They could be eating a lot of B-brands as well, 
which is significant in a lot of our markets as an industry base. And we are seeing 
good growth in terms of where we are apart from April where the El Nino effect was 
there heavily. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Also, we think Campa is expanding their territory. It is very difficult to analyze the 
growth that is coming from the same territory or from an expanded territory. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thanks. One follow-up here essentially. If I see because of Campa, the entire 
industry is offering more grammage at the same SKU. So even for your SKU at Rs. 
20, there is more grammage. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, that is right. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So if I marry the volume growth of say 14% or 13.0% and this kind of a grammage 
growth, could you comment on how much is the pack difference versus earlier? 
Because that will give us one metric of the consumption, because if you add 
grammage your volume growth will be benefiting because of that, if you could 
comment on pack growth? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We keep on changing our pack sizes and we always announce our volumes based 
on 8-ounce. Also in all our territories, somewhere we downsize, somewhere we 
upsize. So, this will continue in the whole business. But overall, we are growing in 
physical packs as well as overall in 8-ounce. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Abneesh, as Chairman mentioned, everything is tracked in 8-ounce basis. If our 
realization has not come down per 8-ounce case, our EBITDA or the gross margin 
has not come down, so that is immaterial basically. The idea is to give the benefit to 
the ultimate consumer instead of giving it to the trade or otherwise and neutralize the 
newcomers who are giving the product at cheaper price. So that is why we are 
continuing to grow at 20% plus from the beginning, with the exception of April. That 
is the biggest indicator. 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure, thank you. My second and last question is on the Economic Times article which 
came four days back. I wanted more clarity on that article and focus of the group and 
company on alcobev in India. So that article says that the group has hired from 
Diageo very senior person to head the group's beverage footprint. So, I wanted to 
understand is Varun also going to participate in this because clearly you have 
expanded your agreement with Pepsi to go beyond soft drinks. And this article also 
talks about bidding for Bira. If you could address this alcobev entry in India, what are 
the long-term plans for the company specifically?  
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, at the moment we are not, we are still looking at what are the categories where 
we can expand. We are hiring some people to look at new ventures, new possibilities, 
but it is too early. We have just got the clearance from PepsiCo, and we are not 
looking at Bira. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And Prathmesh Mishra is for group or for company? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
He is for the group. He will be helping us in lot of other things. It is not alcohol only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Two questions. Firstly, can you give us a sense of growth 
by category, especially some of the new categories that you have launched like 
Nimbooz or milk-based beverages, how the growth has sort of evolved? And is there 
any meaningful difference between those categories and carbonated beverages? 
And second, we have seen that post during the GST changes end of last year, we 
saw a meaningful change in some of the beverage categories where the GST has 
come down, but in carbonated beverages not so much. Is that leading to any sort of 
differences in category level growth? Those are my two questions. 
Varun Jaipuria: 
Yes, we think our focus has been very strong to build a differentiated portfolio over 
the last 3-4 years, It just did not start now. If you look at our other categories, which 
is Tropicana juice, value-added dairy, we have expanded the range, added a lot of 
new products at different price points. 
 
We have got Nimbooz, which is a hydration category. If you look at hydration, dairy 
particularly and juice, these have been high growth and focused categories for us. 
In terms of growth, we cannot give you the specifics here, but at least we are seeing 
3x-4x growth compared to our overall business and we are heavily focusing on 
driving these categories.  
Aditya Soman: 
That is very clear. And maybe if you can just answer on the GST effect, any sort of 
meaningful positive effect on the other businesses? 

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We can also give you some numbers for your comfort that VAD is growing at over 
40% for us and Nimbooz is growing at more than 30% for us. 
Aditya Soman: 
Very clear. Thank you. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, what was the other question?  
Aditya Soman: 
No. Just in terms of the GST impact. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
The GST impact was very minimal with certain products, which were like dairy, water 
and soda. We are seeing growth in these categories but because of the geopolitical 
issues, the pricing of some of these categories had to be taken up, we are now 
sustaining the prices and continuing to be able to sell at the old prices, which is 
helping us grow the business. 
Aditya Soman: 
Very clear. And since you talked about sort of the geopolitical issues, just a follow-
up here. In terms of raw materials, last quarter you had indicated that obviously you 
had sufficient supplies of input materials to run through sort of Q2. From here, how 
do you see that play out? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We are still buying so we do not dry our stock. We have now made sure that we have 
enough material for Q3, but obviously there is an impact of cost and which has got 
mixed in as we average our cost price and we have taken part of it in the Q2. And 
the balance would come in the Q3. Our pricing would remain same and overall effect 
would not be large because we have averaged out the pricing. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand, that is very clear. So, some of the effect has already come in 2Q? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, reasonable portion because we have averaged it and we have got enough stock 
for Q3, we acquired more goods at higher price but we averaged out the price of in 
the Q2. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Aditya, basically, the COGS, and the inventory valuation is not on FIFO, it is on 
average costing. The purchases which were earlier in the opening stock were 
sufficient to cover the quarter. Although the consumption might have happened from 
that stock, the pricing to the P&L goes based on the average cost because in the last 
quarter also, we purchased and kept sufficient inventory for the ongoing quarter. 
 
As Varun mentioned, we are continuing to grow at the same percentage from the 
onset of the season, and with the exception of April, we are growing in the healthy 
20s. This inventory is going to be really useful and handy, and at average price, 
which may actually be lower than the today's price because part of this is booked in 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
the P&L of last quarter, it is going to be helpful. There will not be any surprises on 
that account. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anand Shah from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Anand Shah: 
Yes, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. Firstly, any sense you can 
share on the industry growth, how it has been this time? I mean, general broader 
view as to how industry would have grown in volumes. And second, also on 
international part, I mean, you are seeing quite strong growth even if I take out 
Twizza, it is more than 25% growth YoY. I mean, are all geographies firing there or 
South Africa, Congo are growing much faster, and it seems even Morocco, 
Zimbabwe may have grown well there. So just want some colour on international and 
broader industry growth this quarter. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Internationally, all our countries except Zambia, which is slightly slower and a very 
small market for us, are growing at a reasonably fast pace and there is huge 
opportunity in Africa. Last year we had some issue with Zimbabwe, which has also 
started firing now because of sugar tax and all that. Now all the countries in the 
African region are firing for us or international market rather. We see good potential 
going forward and we are expanding in the African continent. 
Anand Shah: 
Got it, sir. And anything on the industry growth in India? I mean, this quarter, any 
sense they would be in line with the industry growth or? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Well, we cannot give you the exact, but if we are growing at 15% in the first half, and 
as you said Campa is growing at 50% or doubling, and we are sure Coke is also 
growing. That means the industry has to be growing  ~20% or so. 
Anand Shah: 
Okay. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
So, we do not know the real numbers for it. 
Raj Gandhi: 
In fact, here you also have to see Anand, the cannibalization of B-brands in that 
category as well. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Exact numbers are not there, but we think all the 3 main players are growing. So, 
there is enough growth which is happening in the industry. 
Anand Shah: 
Yes, and just last question was on the food distribution and manufacturing in Africa. 
I mean, how is that scaling up? You had shared some numbers in ’26 end. So, what 
are the targets for that? 

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
That is also growing well for us. That is growing at about 50%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Percy Panthaki from IIFL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, just wanted to understand, in the past we have said that we should grow the 
India business at kind of a low double-digit kind of a number. But at that time, 
basically the competitive dynamic was different, Campa was not there or had just 
entered. And Coca-Cola also was probably losing share at that point of time. Now 
both these players are ramping up sort of quite materially. Even if we assume that 
the industry grows at, let us say, a low double-digit number, would that still mean that 
we as a company can achieve that kind of a growth? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes. We do not see any reason and if you see in the first half, we had grown at close 
to 15% i.e., 14.4%. And now, as we said, the peak season after March, we are 
growing at 20% plus. July seems to be continuing at the same trend. I do not see 
any reason why we should not be growing in double digits. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes. I am saying while our growth has been very good, one must also be cognizant 
that it has come on a very favorable base. If I look at the 2-year CAGR, the quarter 
for India has seen a 3% kind of growth even if I look at a 3-year CAGR our growth is 
in single digit this quarter. So, the question is just in reference to current 
performance. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We cannot just look at the quarter. July is looking very good now. So maybe because 
the other part was a little heavier rain. It keeps changing a little bit up and down. It is 
very difficult to base it on quarter; you have to look at a yearly basis. 
Varun Jaipuria: 
See what is happening with the whole El Nino effect is that May used to contribute 
almost 15% of our business in year 2024 and before, Now if you see in 2025, 2026, 
because of El Nino effect, May is not contributing 15%. The seasonality of our overall 
business is also changing. And if you see month of April, was heavily rained, we 
even saw some effect of the El Nino in the month of May as well even though we 
grew handsomely. 
Now each month when the weather impact is not there, the kind of growth we are 
seeing is fabulous, high double-digit growth is what we are seeing. Essentially, it is 
the weather impact, which is holding it back. The month we are not seeing weather 
impact and if you compare the last 3-year CAGR growth over from 2024, we are 
growing heavy double digits in those months. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. Second question on margins. Again, for the India business, but also to 
an extent for the consolidated business as well. If we have to maintain EBITDA 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
margins largely on a YoY basis going ahead, up to what level of crude we are 
confident that we can maintain the margins? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We can comfortably maintain our margins even in a year, which is the worst year for 
the geopolitical reasons and all the costing has gone up internationally. 
Transportation cost has gone up. We have still been able to maintain our margins. 
When these wars stops and all these issues come down, our margins cannot get 
worse. It will only get better. We are not worried about, and we have never said our 
margins will be higher than ‘x’ percentage, which we are maintaining and more than 
comfortably doing that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Jay Doshi: 
I have got two questions. First one is could you comment a little bit on what is 
happening at the industry level in energy drinks. How has the industry body 
responded to and have you seen any impact at all on the demand of STING in July? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
There is a temporary effect because there was a confusion created without giving a 
clear direction, and now we have got the clear direction. So, in June and July, it 
affected a little bit. But going forward, there is going to be no effect. They just want 
the word energy to be taken away, which does not change anything for us.  
Varun Jaipuria: 
Yes. We think what has happened in this is due to the confusion of the category in 
India since energy was not a category which was registered with FSSAI. Hence, they 
had come after to say that you cannot use energy and the positioning of energy. Now 
like the Chairman mentioned, we will remove energy and the industry is also going 
to do it. What we have seen is that even though there has been a temporary dip in 
the mix of energy, we are seeing all of that volume has shifted to CSD. But now as 
the new labels are out in the market for us, we are seeing the uptick back into energy 
or back into STING as a brand for us and the volumes are coming back. 
Jay Doshi: 
And you do not foresee any further regulatory challenges or anything, right? So, this 
is sorted for now. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
They have come out with a clear guideline that we should have the word energy 
removed within next 90 days. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Second question is that we picked up that Campa has reduced Rs. 10 
SKU size to 150 ml from 200 ml which kind of suggests that they are also making an 
attempt to upgrade the consumer to Rs. 20 price point because they continue to offer 
500 ml at Rs. 20. Now you have responded with upsizing over the past 6-9 months. 
So, are you able to sort of see any change in your market share trends, you know, 

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
at that Rs. 20 price point after increasing the volumes from 250 to 400 ml, you know, 
because the gap has significantly narrowed versus, you know, Campa now at Rs. 
20? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
That is why it is looking positive, and that is why we are confident of the growth to 
continue, and we are showing growth and except that 1 month, as we are saying, if 
we can grow healthily 20% and above, there is nothing better we can look at. 
Varun Jaipuria: 
See, Jay, the way we are looking at the business right now, we know there has been 
a lot of chatter around Rs. 10 category and Campa's launching it. There are already 
B-brands that are selling at Rs. 10 which have been selling for the last 10 years. 
What our focus out here is to build a profitable business and deliver the right growth. 
And the earlier question what somebody asked us that how we are looking at Rs. 10, 
our answer is that wherever and at India level if month-on-month our growths are 
exceeding 20% without a Rs. 10 category, then we are not interested to get into it 
because that is not a category we would like to fight. 
And today that is what we are seeing on month-on-month apart from April where we 
did not get a growth because of the El Nino effect, but rest of the months we are 
growing 20% plus. And the 400 ml pack what we have launched, we are obviously 
seeing larger recruitment of consumers coming in and that strategy for us in majority 
of our markets is working for us driving growth. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Also, if you want to look at the pricing, when 2 people are sharing a Rs. 20 pack it 
effectively works out to Rs. 10 per person. So we are happy both ways. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. One last question, I do not know if you can answer that or not, but you 
know, in PepsiCo's press release they have indicated that, you know, their market 
share in India was stable or, you know, better for the three months starting 1st March 
to 31st May. How do they look at because you generally mention that it is very difficult 
to get accurate data of industry, how do they, you know, what data do they look at 
when they make a comment? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We think you should ask that question to PepsiCo. We will leave it for them to answer 
this. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
We do not go into market share. 
Jay Doshi: 
Got it. Thank you, sir. 

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Naman Maheshwari from Sanghvi Family 
Office. Please go ahead. 
Naman Maheshwari: 
So just going forward, how do we see the strategy for us? Would it be singularly 
focused on ramping up like our current businesses which include the low-sugar, no-
sugar, or you see that right now the proportion of low-sugar, no-sugar is very high 
and it may retweet to some bit lower and then again, some sugar-related impact 
would come in in our overall gross margin? So how are we seeing that, sir? 
Varun Jaipuria: 
Largely our portfolio is low sugar or Zero Sugar as you call it. So there will be no 
sugar impact going forward because we have converted the entire portfolio already. 
Naman Maheshwari: 
Okay. And sir second question was in April, the impact was majorly driven by El Nino. 
It was one because of some supply chain issues or miss manages or raw material 
availability. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Minor issue was with cans, which is a very small portion of our business. Cans were 
only affected for the quarter, there was nothing else. 
Naman Maheshwari: 
Okay. And sir, just if you could highlight what would be the percentage of total that 
is attributable to cans in the mix? 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Cans is 1- 2% of our business, nothing major. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Shakdher from Green Capital. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
Good afternoon. This is Nitin Shakdher from the Green Capital Family Office. First 
of all, congratulations to management on the Calpis manufacturer distribution 
agreement. So more on that as an investor, is there any thought process to expand 
the Asahi Group Holding lines now, whether it comes to Wonda or whether it comes 
to Solo because what we are seeing across the world is certain niche value-based 
line products are increasing volumes. For example, Schweppes Soda is doing very 
well. Similarly, reviewing Calpis is a strategic direction towards trying to identify a 
high volume there. So just wanted to get a sense of future direction with your 
distribution. 
Varun Jaipuria: 
Yes. we will tell you Nitin, so what our idea is, dairy as a category, we are very bullish 
on. We have been doing dairy as a category for many years now in the country, and 
we are seeing huge growth coming. Asahi is one of the world's leading companies 
with the best system processes and product quality. Calpis is a great addition to our 

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
entire portfolio and to strengthen further our portfolio, our system processes and our 
manufacturing capability, taking and learning from the Japanese as well. Our idea is 
to build a solid portfolio, but our starting point is Calpis right now. We want to stabilize 
Calpis, we want to structure Calpis right in the market. So far, our conversation is 
only here and let's see what the future holds. 
Nitin Shakdher: 
So I would assume then ready to drink teas, coffees would also be on the radar at 
some point in time. 
Varun Jaipuria: 
Well, we are not sure yet. We have not decided. So it is pretty much Calpis for now, 
going forward, basically figuring out what categories we want to do. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you very much. Thanks for the participation. I hope we have been able to 
answer all your questions satisfactorily. Should you need any further clarifications or 
would like to know more about the company. Please feel free to contact our Investor 
Relations team. Thank you once again for your interest and support and for taking 
the time to join us on this call. Look forward to interacting with you soon. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high 
level of accuracy. 
 
 
