 
 
   
 
 
 
Ref No.: Minechem/Stock Exch/Letter/8450                                                        24th August, 2026 
 
The Dy. General Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relations & Services Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
The Dy. General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Corporate Relations Dept., 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: 527001 
Scrip Code: ASHAPURMIN 
 
  Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Earnings Conference Call. 
 
This is in continuation to our letters dated 12th and 19th August, 2026 in respect of the captioned 
subject. 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of “Ashapura 
Minechem Limited Q1 & FY2027 Earnings Conference Call” held on 19th August, 2026.  
 
The transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website https://www.ashapura.com/investor-
call.php 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ashapura Minechem Ltd., 
 
 
Sachin Polke 
Company Secretary &  
President (Corporate Affairs) 
 
SACHIN 
PRAKASH 
POLKE
Digitally signed by SACHIN 
PRAKASH POLKE 
Date: 2026.08.24 13:06:54 
+05'30'

 
 
“Ashapura Minechem Limited 
Q1 & FY27 Earning Conference Call” 
August 19, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH – PROMOTER AND DIRECTOR – 
ASHAPURA MINECHEM LIMITED 
 
MR. MANAN SHAH – PROMOTER GROUP – ASHAPURA 
MINECHEM LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH DESAI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– ASHAPURA MINECHEM LIMITED 
 
MR. SACHIN POLKE – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
ASHAPURA MINECHEM LIMITED 
 
ADFACTORS, INVESTOR RELATIONS – ASHAPURA 
MINECHEM LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ashapura Minechem Limited Q1 and FY27 Earning 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based 
on beliefs, opinions and expectation of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not 
guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chetan Shah, Promoter and Director of the company. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you. Hello friends, good afternoon and welcome to the fifth earning calls of Ashapura 
Minechem Limited. With me in the call, we have involved Manan Shah, Ashish Desai, the Group 
CFO, Sachin Polke, Company Secretary and our Investor Relations team, Adfactors. 
The quarter has been period of the resilience for the company as we navigated a challenging and 
uncertain environment due to geopolitical uncertainty, high fuel prices and abnormal ocean freight. 
At the same time, customer's demand also remained volatile. I feel the customers may take some time 
to digest the market and the cost factors. The abnormal increase in the ocean freight is also pushing 
our landed cost upwards. 
As always, we will take you through the key developments across our Guinea and India business 
during the quarter. The first let me speak to you about the business in Guinea. In the quarter one, our 
bauxite volumes stood to 2.34 million tons compared with 3.16 million tons in quarter four and 2.05 
million tons in the quarter one of last financial year. EBITDA per ton improved to 6.3 per ton from 
5.9 per ton in Q4. 
The freight rates remains highly volatile. Given the current geopolitical environments, we expect this 
volatility to continue across 2027. We will continue to closely monitor the situation and try to reduce 
the impact on profitability through operational and logistic effectiveness. While alumina price are 
currently under pressure, we remain positive on the medium to long-term demand outlook.  
Several new refineries are coming on stream, including the four new refineries in China which are 
expected to create additional bauxite demand of around 20 million tons to 30 million tons over the 
above current volumes. This should provide a strong underlying the demand driver for the bauxite 
going forward.  

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
We expect the market price to gradually improve over the coming quarters as inventory level in China 
normalizes. At the same time, we expect underlying demand to remain stable and potentially improve 
further as geopolitical conditions stabilize. As discussed in our last earning call, the government of 
Guinea is expected to implement a quota system for the bauxite export. We believe this could be 
introduced in the near terms and certainly before end of this year. 
We expect such rationalization of the export volume to be positive for the global bauxite prices and 
the potentially lead to reduction in the freight cost. Overall, we see this as a positive development for 
Ashapura once the system is formally implemented. There are few strategic initiatives has been taken 
by the group.  
Our Boffa port is now fully operational with its capacity enhanced from the 5 million tons to 8 million 
tons per annum. At GSM, the second port, the new jetty is currently under construction and expected 
to be operational by Q4 of this financial year, increasing capacity from 6 million tons to 10 million 
tons per annum. 
With these developments, our combined port capacity will reach to approximately 23 million tons, 
providing us with the infrastructure to support the maximized volume growth and sales over the 
medium terms. 
Going back to the other initiatives, the bauxite washing plant is already setup, the capacity is about 
20,000 tons per day and this washing plant will enhance our resource and will give us more flexibility 
to increase our volume for the export. And this will improve the some of the low grade bauxite to the 
high grade bauxite which can be easily marketable. 
Let us acknowledge that there is some pressure on EBITDA margin in the short-term. However, we 
remain optimistic about the future outlook. Despite the near term challenges, we remain confident to 
achieve our full year target with a potential variation of plus or minus 10%. 
Coming back to iron ore, we are working on commercializing our iron ore assets. However, status 
remains the same as previous quarters. We will still require a couple of quarters to offer any long 
terms direction. We remain confident in our ability to achieve or even cross our guidance of 15 
million tons by financial year ’28. 
We continue to work on our initiatives to increase our volumes, improve operational efficiencies, 
reduce cost and enhance the profitability of our bauxite business. Things are progressing well and we 
remain confident on our business on-going forward. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Coming back to the India operations, I ask Manan to give you a more better idea how the things are 
taking place in Indian operations. And then Mr. Ashish Desai will brief you about all the financial 
numbers, etcetera. Thank you very much for your patience hearing. Thank you. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you Dad. Now coming to our India business, just to recap, our India business has a diversified 
portfolio of value-added mineral based products serving wide range of core industries including 
metals, foundries, oil and gas, edible oils, petrochemicals, paint and coatings, constructions, 
automobiles and several other industrial applications. The business operates across three verticals. 
Bentonite and allied minerals and white performance minerals, which are our wholly owned 
businesses.  
Specialty absorbent solutions or our bleaching clay business, operated through our 50% joint venture, 
Ashapura Perfoclay Limited and advanced ceramic materials through our 32% investment in Orient 
Ceratech Limited. 
Our India businesses continue to perform well across the three verticals. However, this quarter was 
impacted by several external headwinds arising from on-going geopolitical situation which resulted 
in higher fuel costs, freight rates and raw material prices. Given the logistics intensive nature of our 
operations, the increase in fuel and transportation costs has had an impact on margins.  
Profitability was also affected by higher input costs and changes in product mix. Our customer base 
in Middle East and Europe has been impacted by the current geopolitical and freight environment. 
We believe freight conditions need to stabilize for demand and volumes in these markets to 
normalize. In the interim, we are increasing our focus on India, Asia and Africa where the supply 
chain environment remains relatively manageable. 
Within our portfolio, bentonite and allied minerals has remained broadly stable. Exports were 
impacted by elevated freight costs, however growth in domestic market has helped us to remain close 
to previous year's top-line. White performance minerals continue to perform well, although 
profitability was impacted by higher sales and distribution expenses.  
Our bleaching clay business faced significant cost pressures during the quarter with sulphuric  acid 
prices increasing five-fold over the past year and currently standing above INR30 a kg. As sulphuric  
acid is a key raw material for this business, this sharp increase has adversely impacted our business. 
On the other hand, our advanced ceramic materials business delivered encouraging growth in 
profitability supported by change in sales mix with a higher proportion realized from our premium 
products. 
Despite these near-term challenges, we remain focused on improving operational efficiencies and 
strengthening our product portfolio. As highlighted previously, a key focus area is the development 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
and commercialization of new products across our India businesses, particularly within our bentonite 
and allied minerals and white performance materials. We are working extensively on expanding our 
product basket and increasing our offerings in higher value applications.  
As stated previously, we are also planning a capex close to INR200 crores across various projects 
and business verticals. We believe these investments together with our product development 
initiatives will contribute meaningfully to the long-term growth and profitability of India operations. 
Going forward our strategy remains clear, increase the share of value added products, deepen 
relationships and expand into new applications and markets to build sustainable growth for India 
business in the future. 
Thank you everybody. I hand over this call to Ashish for explanation of financials. 
Ashish Desai: 
Thank you Manan. Good evening everyone. I'll briefly take you through the financial performance 
for quarter one of ‘26-‘27. For quarter one, consolidated income from operations stood at INR1,616 
crores compared to INR1,356 crores in quarter one of ‘25-‘26, representing a year-on-year growth of 
approximately 19.2%.  
Reported EBITDA stood at INR188.9 crores, compared with INR187.7 crores in quarter one of ‘25-
‘26. Despite increase in revenue, EBITDA remained broadly stable because of higher fuel, marine 
logistics and other input costs as explained by Manan. EBITDA margin was approximately 11.7% 
for the quarter, compared to 13.8% in corresponding same quarter of the last year. 
Profit before tax stood at INR130.03 crores compared to INR131.84 crores during last year. Thus, 
PBT declined marginally, that is around 1.4% year-on-year. Earning per share stood at INR12.07 
compared with INR11.5 in quarter one of ‘25-‘26. From a business perspective, Guinea bauxite and 
iron ore business remains the largest contributor to the group. Guinea business reported turnover of 
approximately INR1,360 crores, which is 84% of the consolidated turnover and EBITDA of INR163 
crores during the quarter. 
Our India business continued to perform well across all verticals. Overall, quarter one demonstrates 
healthy revenue growth, resilient EBITDA and strong operating scale despite temporary cost 
pressure. As we have already disclosed, our AGM is scheduled on September 29th and wish to meet 
you all on AGM through virtual call. Thank you, thank you everyone. 
I will now hand over the call to -- now it will be open for questions-and-answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Our first 
question comes from the line of Deeya Jain with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Deeya Jain: 
Hello sir, thank you so much for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. So, can you update us 
all on the quota system, when can it be implemented by which month of this year and how do we see 
the realizations in coming quarters? 
Manan Shah: 
So, as mentioned on the call, we are awaiting further information on the government but we most 
certainly expect it to come in before the end of this year. I think that the realizations may remain 
close to similar levels for time being until we have -- I think any kind of directional tailwind would 
probably come in from the quota system. 
 
Till then we expect margins to remain closer to similar levels and I guess that's pretty much the clarity 
what we have until the quota system. Freight remains elevated, so that remains an overhang on 
margins in the short-term. 
Deeya Jain: 
And one more question sir, the 15 million ton target that we had for FY28, are we on track to achieve 
that? 
Manan Shah: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay sir. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mayuresh Rawat with Invest4Edu. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity sir. Am I audible sir? 
Manan Shah: 
Yes. 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So sir, my first question is regarding on this quota system. So 
during the last couple of quarters sir, we have seen some player re-entering the market and now the 
public company Nimba also talking about the selling a bauxite through the monthly tender as was in 
the news recently. So how do you see the Ashapura plays amid this new development sir? 
Manan Shah: 
So essentially, we believe that it's a new development but it will take some time to materialize and 
should not have a significant impact on the overall market. I mean Guinea exports close to 200 million 
ton and they are talking about achieving 14 million tons after some period of time, which may take 
like, we believe it even that kind of a target may take a little bit of time to achieve.  
So they are not going to significantly disrupt the market and maybe most likely those quantities would 
be available to other traders or suppliers of bauxite to further export to China. So while that news is 
relevant, but we think it will not really change the overall demand supply scenario. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Okay. And sir, my second -- yes sir. 
Manan Shah: 
Just for clarity, we can also participate in those tenders if we have the subsequent opportunity like in 
terms of the customers and the viability. So it's a -- we don't expect it to adversely affect the overall 
market. 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Understood sir. And second question is sir, on our past con-call you have mentioned that you are also 
exploring opportunities in nearby countries, including there was a possibility toward the rare earth 
mineral sir. So you have -- so any update on that sir? Like in coming quarter, we can see any update 
on this new entry? 
Manan Shah: 
Ashapura continues to explore opportunities with neighboring countries in Africa but that list is not 
included to rare earth minerals as such and we are still exploring. So, while we are in communication 
but we don't expect any material announcement in the short-term. 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Understood sir. And sir one more clarification I want. In your press release you have mentioned about 
the bauxite washing plant. So you have come up with the 20,000 ton per day capacity, so I have a 
two clarification on this one sir. So how much it will impact on our EBITDA sir, like how much our 
EBITDA will increase in terms of the number like? 
 
And the second one sir, if you wanted to scale this 20,000 to for example 40,000 or 60,000, so how 
much time it will take and what will be our cost to expand this thing sir? 
Manan Shah: 
I think the fundamental purpose of bauxite washing plant might be EBITDA neutral but it definitely 
helps us to increase our total volume and throughput which we can do from a particular location 
because it makes the more low grade resources into high grade and exportable resources. So it would 
help us with our throughput and in case of a situation like currently as we see that the bauxite prices 
are subdued, it helps us to enhance our quality and get a premium in tougher markets. 
So the objective of this plant is more on a sustainability perspective as we have put up the 20,000 
tons kind of capacity in a short period of time. If there is an adequate demand and viability of this 
project, it would not be very difficult for us to expand it. In a similar model maybe if we have decided 
to get on this project, it may take us a period of approximately one year, if we decide to expand it 
further. The time period to implement this kind of a plant would be one year. But the purpose of this 
plant is more on a sustainability and cost mitigation side. 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Understood sir. Just one clarification on the similar question sir, as you mentioned like, but our 
quality will increase and also on you said on the cost saving basis. So might be it will help us also to 
increase our EBITDA in terms of the number if you can quantify anything? 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Manan Shah: 
So, like I mentioned that yes, you are right that the quality will improve and the premium will increase 
but typically what happens is that then more resource also gets depleted in increasing the quality. 
There would be more rejection, etcetera. So I mean, I would not comment on a specific EBITDA 
increase and in any case it is a smaller part of our total export volume currently.  
As of now I would still encourage to think of this more on a sustainability side than on an EBITDA 
side. So no comment on EBITDA margin, but it would definitely help us to sustain the current 
EBITDA in this kind of a difficult situation. This kind of a role is how we see this beneficiation plant. 
Mayuresh Rawat: 
Got it sir. Thank you sir, thanks for the opportunity and all the best for the future sir. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Milan Deep Jain with Green Portfolio. Please 
go ahead. 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. My first question is around the Boffa port capacity 
expansion... 
Moderator: 
Milan Deep, I'm really sorry but your voice is muffling. Can you check please? 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Yes, so my first question is around the Boffa port capacity. I want to understand that in Q4 FY26, 
the plan for expansion was from 5 MT to 10 MT by Q2 FY27. So, as per latest disclosure we achieved 
8 MT, so is there any forward plan of adding additional capacity to make it till 10 in Q2 or later? 
Manan Shah: 
No, so currently we have commissioned up to 8 million tons which we think is a reasonable capacity 
for the short term. Now window is to expand the capacity further let's say to 10 or 12 million tons 
may not have a significant timeline, but we may do that as the volumes ramp up. Currently our total 
exporting capacity of bauxite stands at 18 million tons. So we are comfortable with the current 
capacity, but we do have the ability to expand this capacity further and we will take a call on it 
subsequently. 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Okay sir. My second question was about what kind of terms or agreement do we have with the China 
Railway as it is helping us with the development of the Fako bauxite deposit of around 230 million 
tons in Guinea, which is basically also connected through the third port of Konta with 5 MT capacity. 
Can you share some colour on it? 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Manan Shah: 
So that was a kind of a more like an MOU, we are still studying the details and how to make it 
operational. But currently there is not much progress to report on Fako mines. Maybe around next 
year we may have something to report on that, but currently it is still in a development phase. 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Okay sir. Sir my last question was around can you like share any update on the development of value-
added grades of bentonite for oil and gas in foundry application basically, which was updated, like 
updates were shared in the last quarter? 
Manan Shah: 
Sure. So, within the bentonite and allied minerals division I highlighted in my speech also that our 
core focus really remains on growing by value addition. We have very much selected products which 
are difficult to manufacture in India or imported. So we have that kind of basis. This includes 
specifically a lot of grades for foundry including kind of what we call as a heat resistant grades also. 
Its ability, like there are several projects in bentonite not just spanning to foundry but related to oil 
and gas as you mentioned.  
And then also there are other divisions also like iron ore pelletizing where there are several interesting 
innovations coming by Ashapura which are all kind of in a piloting to commercialization stage. I 
would like to say that over a medium term if we consider three years, we expect that, you know, most 
or more than half of our current EBITDA or most of our EBITDA would be coming from the value-
added products and that's the kind of vision what we have set out.  
But individually to explain each of the products might be difficult. But we are very focused on the 
value added products and we are on quite advanced stages with most of them as far as customer trials 
or modifications etc. are concerned. 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Right. Thank you so much, that's all from my side. All the very best. 
Manan Shah: 
Yes. I just also want to reiterate that we have the world's largest bentonite grinding capacity within 
our group, we are over having over 1 million tons of grinding capacity. So now it is really a question 
of value addition and technology, how we can leverage our existing infrastructure for more and more 
premium products, solutioning and, you know, kind of a win-win partnerships with the customers. 
So that's really what our focus is. But having this infrastructure means that that it will not take us a 
long time to commercialize. 
Milan Deep Jain: 
Okay sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Devarsh Shah, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Devarsh Shah: 
Yes. Hello sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So my question was that regarding, in this quarter we 
did a volume of around 2.3 million ton, which is sequentially down 26% and if I recall correctly then 
we were expecting a higher number considering our guidance for the year of around 10 to 12 million 
tons and a revenue of at least USD700 million.  
So, do you think that we are going to miss that target now or you see any possibility that we will be 
getting better sequentially in coming quarters? Considering that in Q1, it must, we must have been 
having an impact regarding our shift availability and higher ocean freight along with lower bauxite 
prices. 
Manan Shah: 
So, as you are aware that typically quarter two is a weak quarter and it picks up from quarter three 
and then improves towards quarter four and one. As already has been mentioned on this call that and 
quarter one was lower than the previous quarter because of particularly challenges regarding to ocean 
freight and, you know, being competitive with very high elevated freights and limited availability of 
vessels. 
And basically regarding to our target of 10 million tons, we have added that, okay, maybe there may 
be a 10% variance into this target. So, as mentioned on the call, so there may be a 10% variance. 
Broadly we are headed in the direction which we have planned for this year and the coming year. 
Devarsh Shah: 
Okay sir. So also, if you can quantify the revenue from iron during the quarter, because it would be 
easier for us to analyse the results. 
Manan Shah: 
Actually, the reason why we are not doing that is it is in a trial production stage and so the revenues 
are fairly low. But what our intention is that once we build a long term road map, we would be able 
to comment more accurately on the revenue as well as a long term guidance on iron ore. And 
companies working towards achieving the same. 
The EBITDA which has been shared in by the management is totally based on the bauxite business. 
So the iron ore earnings are separate from that. So the EBITDA is not sort of mashed in with both. 
The EBITDA which we have shared in our releases is strictly belonging to the bauxite business. 
Devarsh Shah: 
Okay sir. And since the bauxite prices have stabilized above USD70, so, so you think we can improve 
our EBITDA per ton substantially from USD6 in the recent quarters to back to the original numbers 
in the subsequent quarters? 
Manan Shah: 
So currently the prices have increased on the back of elevated freight. The Chinese index prices are, 
they are around USD72. But they are kind of a combination of the FOB Guinea price as well as the 
freight from Guinea to China. So, the increase what we have seen from around USD61 or so to 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
USD72 is predominantly on the back of ocean freight. So we expect that EBITDA will remain in 
similar levels until the freight situation improves.  
So in the very short term we would think that EBITDA levels would remain here. We have to watch 
for either a more stable geopolitical situation which can help to reduce the freight rates, or we have 
to wait for the quota system or some other developments. But as of now, the visibility what we have 
is that maintaining this EBITDA would be a pretty good performance. 
Devarsh Shah: 
Okay, okay sir. So can you give us some color for the scope of growth and profitability over the next 
couple of years like, some visibility? 
Manan Shah: 
So, I think the basic point which we have highlighted before is that 15 million tons is what we aim 
to achieve or exceed. So even picking that as a baseline kind of number for the next financial year, 
we can think that around you know, almost about billion dollars of sales we are expecting from 
bauxite as per the company's plan. And our infrastructure, partnerships, and even customers are lined 
up. Once we have, you know, and even the port expansions are mostly done.  
So, once we, you know, once we see that the situation to become a little more benign currently, the 
global situation is quite hostile for this commodity trade. It becomes a little benign so we should be 
able to achieve that, which means that almost close to INR10,000 crores may come from bauxite 
alone. Which is a, which would be a phenomenal growth even from our current revenue perspective. 
The India businesses are like obviously, you know, quite small compared to the total business of 
Ashapura group. But we expect on the back of the value added business over couple of years, 
EBITDA to, you know, in terms of the total value of EBITDA to improve gradually but sustainably 
over the next couple of years. You know, even the Indian EBITDA have been obviously hit seriously 
by higher freight, higher input costs and totally disrupted logistics.  
As we are in the field of materials, logistics is a huge part of our total cost and revenues. So, but 
despite that we are able to maintain our revenues and in a little benign situation and with the coming 
up of our new products. We are very optimistic about the value addition our Indian products would 
bring and we expect that to reflect materially in the  EBITDA’s in the medium term. So all in all, are 
quite optimistic over a medium term for both our major business verticals on mineral and on value 
at this site.  But currently there are obviously lot of disruptions and they have impacted the industry, 
and us also. 
 
and in a little benign situation  

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Devarsh Shah: 
Okay sir. Yes completely understand, that was quite helpful. Thank you for answering all my 
questions. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nalin Shah with NVS Brokerage. Please go 
ahead. Nalin, you may please proceed ahead with your question. 
Nalin Shah: 
Yes, good afternoon, and I would like to congratulate the Ashapura team that in spite of the West 
Asia crisis, there has been a wonderful performance for the Q1, barring some slight margin issue. So 
sir, that gives us a good perspective. And currently here, I think our target is about 12 million tons, 
that's what we had in the beginning you had fixed the target.  
Assuming that this is to be achieved, and it will be achieved, so around 9.5 million tons of each of 
the remaining quarters, do you feel first is that whether we can do 3 million tons on an average about 
3, 3.1 million tons exports? That was my first question. 
Second my question is that how do you see now post June, that is July, August, how do you see the 
situation on the freight cost and whether you know, I mean things are started little you know, I mean 
settling down in a positive manner for us to handle this situation.  
And thirdly, what is the difference it has made, what is the kind of investment we have made, and 
the difference it will make that washery which we have set up. So if you can give us some idea on 
that? 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you Nalin bhai. So first to answer the question on the freight in quarter two, freight still remain 
very, very elevated compared to the normal what we consider the normal levels, and as a percentage 
of the CIF cost, freight remains elevated and this remains a challenge for us. 
 
And as I mentioned earlier on the call, it is in these situations that washing plants can help us to pull 
out a more premium grade, etcetera, which can help us to maintain EBITDA in these kinds of a tough 
challenges. But like the washing plant remains more on the sustainability side as far as the volumes 
and the quality is concerned. 
Regarding to what we expect for this financial year, as you are aware that Q2 is typically the weakest 
quarter for us and most of our growth will come in or most of our sales will come in towards the end 
of Q3 and in Q4. So with respect to that, you will see a similar kind of trend what we have seen last 
year in terms of how the numbers vary.  

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
As mentioned, we have given a target of 10 to 12 and we expect maybe there may be a 10% variance 
into this target. So we can consider like a 9 to 11 kind of a range. But we are still very optimistic that 
if things is to improve even a little bit then we can achieve our original targets or even do better. It's 
now, we are kind of operating with the focus on profitability until the times are improved, then we 
can really focus on pushing the volumes.  
So we are  consciously taking a call to focus on profitability while this disrupted situation remains. 
And we have the all infrastructure and customers and everything in place. Once the things improves, 
and if they improve then we have the ability to really do well in the quarter three and four. 
So we have our capability with us, we are waiting for the some external situations to improve. So we 
are still optimistic and positive about achieving our targets. But just need a little bit tailwind, you 
know, as far as the macro situation is concerned. 
Nalin Shah: 
Okay, okay. So what is the investment on the washery? 
Manan Shah: 
Yes, hello. 
Nalin Shah: 
Yes. 
Manan Shah: 
So washery investment will not be reflecting on our balance sheet as it's on a kind of operate and 
transfer kind of model. So, but if you were to install this kind of a washery, it would be in the tune 
of USD15 million. 
Nalin Shah: 
I see. Okay, okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much and all the best for the remaining 
part of this year and the future years. Thank you very much. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prakhar with Anand Rathi Institutional 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Prakhar:  
 
Hello. 
Manan Shah: 
 
Yes. Hi. 
Prakhar: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to check over the EBITDA per ton. How much are we expecting 
for the Q2 and FY27 and '28? 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Manan Shah: 
I would estimate, like I mentioned, similar to what we have achieved for the time being. And coming 
in the future, as we said we expect that two things should improve. One is the macro situation with 
the elevated freights and the unavailability of vessels, we expect these to improve. 
 
And we expect a quota system to come in Guinea by end of the year or so, which can help us to, you 
know, there will be a limited supply of bauxite, which will reduce the freight as well as improve the 
ex-works realization.  
So, we expect EBITDA to improve significantly from now, maybe in the sort of next calendar year, 
at least this is our expectation. So today's EBITDAs are currently in very short term would be a good 
benchmark in the near term. 
Whatever we have achieved in quarter one, probably by the end of the year or into the next year we 
expect things to improve, that freights will normalize and the curtailed supply situation should help 
the miners like Ashapura. 
Prakhar: 
Alright. Assuming the situation is improving, so will it be possible for you to quantify some number, 
as in Q1 you have maintained somewhat USD6.3 per ton we made in Q1 and in Q4 as there was a 
USD5.9 per ton, after this freight charges and West Asia crisis, you still able to improve your 
EBITDA in Q1. So do we see, do you like any, would you able to quantify something for FY27 or 
'28? 
Manan Shah: 
So, I mean, I would ideally not like to speculate too much on that, but like I feel that in the next one 
or two quarters it should remain closer to what we have achieved. So around USD6 or USD5.5 to 
USD6 would be a reasonable, expectation. But again, you know, the situation is very volatile. So, I 
would take that also with a little bit pinch of salt.  
But we do expect that the, you know, going forward you know Q3 towards the end and then Q4 
maybe I mean we are optimistic, you know earlier we used to operate at around closer to USD10. So 
we are optimistic that maybe I cannot predict the timeline, but we do think that at least closer to that 
is what we see the normal run rate for this, if you think next couple of years or a little more than that.  
Right now, I think that a good sign for us is that this is in our opinion a very extreme situation, still 
we are positive EBITDA and we are able to maintain few dollars. So we expect the cycle to turn. So 
at least we should able to achieve over a medium to longer term closer to the EBITDAs we were 
achieving earlier which was near USD10.  
Now whether that pick up happens in a one quarter or over three quarters is anyone's guess. But I 
mean we are optimistic that this will not be the long term realization for the for the for the business. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Now we then we have to see that how the situations turn out, but we are optimistic that it should pick 
up closer to original levels once couple of challenges are sorted out. 
Prakhar: 
Okay, got that. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Krina Shah with KSA Shares and Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Krina Shah: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir I just had a couple of questions regarding the India bentonite 
and white performance materials. Sir that franchise has been a consistent contributor to the group, 
and we just like to understand where the next leg of growth comes from and which value-added 
product categories versus the commodity grade bentonite, do you see as the biggest growth driver 
over the next few years? 
Manan Shah: 
Okay. So there is a whole host of value added initiatives which we are engaging in. I mean, I can 
share the industries and all of these are going to be significant for us. Today our bentonite business 
has a large scope to grow as we are majorly in lower value segments and getting into higher value 
segments. So for example, we have a good plans for the cat litter, we have a good plans for foundry. 
We have a, in oil and gas we are doing quite well.  
And in all of these, our company is blessed that the mines, the port, the plant, is so strategically 
located. For this premium products we can unlock a good part of the world and not just domestic 
sales, which is also contributing. So these are just some of the segments. With our kaolin business, 
we are increasing our focus significantly for the paper industries which is currently consuming 
imported products. We are improving our focus on the premium products in paint industry. 
I don't know how many of you are aware but kaolin is used traditionally in the industry to replace 
titanium dioxide which is much more costly. As we improve the grades of kaolin further, the usage 
of titanium dioxide drops and so does the cost of paint, because titanium dioxide is significantly three 
to four times more expensive.  
So, this premium segment what we are trying to develop for the company, these are all very exciting 
initiatives, but you know, they have serious and genuine value additions which take you know, a few 
quarters or couple of financial years to play out.  
But we are very excited over a couple of years that a lot of these products will contribute meaningfully 
to, to company and also reduce some of the imports or dependency for our customers. It's quite 
exciting and it is across the across the range of industries, not just on one industry, we are banking 
on. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Krina Shah: 
Right. Thank you so much sir for the detailed explanation. Sir I have one more question on the Orient 
Ceratech's contribution to our segment EBITDA. Sir that has more than doubled. Sir what specifically 
is driving that, any new product categories or customer wins in the Orient Ceratech that we see? 
Manan Shah: 
Great. So basically there are two things. One of Orient's main products goes into oil and gas industry, 
which is well, in some ways they are doing quite well because of the elevated prices and there is a 
focus to increase the production. So, we have some improvement in demand there and we have also 
done a little bit of debottlenecking so we can make that additional supplies, so and that's a reasonably 
decent product for us.  
Another area is that we are making some of the materials for the steel industry, and that products are 
also doing very well where we are replacing international companies with our product and that that 
is also a premium product for us. So a couple of segments are really picking up for Orient and also 
the core business which is of making ceramic raw materials for the industry, this business is also 
doing a little bit better than what it was doing before. 
So it's a mix of things but it is involving our new products and also some improvement in demand of 
our traditional products, I would say. It's going through a good patch and good developments, as well 
as better than previous market conditions. 
Krina Shah: 
Right. Okay. Thank you so much sir. Thank you for the detailed explanation and all the best for future 
quarters. Thank you so much. 
Manan Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, we shall close the call. For 
further questions, please get in touch with the company's Investor Relations team. For the closing 
remarks, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manan Shah. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Manan Shah: 
First of all, would like to thank all of you for being with us. We have seen some challenges in the 
past couple of quarters, but the important thing from our point of view is, we are convinced about the 
long-term prospects of both our Guinea and our India business. We remain firmly in place as far as 
Guinea is concerned with our operational and execution capabilities and in India over medium term 
our ability to add significant and serious value to our current product portfolio.  
And we are confident that these things will eventually translate to a stronger and bigger company in 
medium future. And we appreciate your patience and your interest. Thank you so much and looking 
forward to meeting you all again on the next call or on the AGM. So thank you. 

 
Ashapura Minechem Limited 
August 19, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ashapura Minechem Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
