 
 
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office: 502-503, SAKAR III, OPP. OLD HIGH COURT, OFF ASHRAM ROAD, AHMEDABAD-380014, GUJARAT, INDIA 
PH.: +91-79-40507000, 27541989   E-mail: finance@armanindia.com CIN: L55910GJ1992PLC018623 
 
August 20, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400001 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra, Mumbai- 400051 
Script Code:  531179 
ISIN: INE109C01017 
Symbol: ARMANFIN 
Series: EQ  
 
Dear Sir,  
Subject: Transcript of Conference call with Analysts / Investors on Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
 
In continuation of our letter dated August 07, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby submit the 
transcript of the Conference Call with Analysts/Investors held on Thursday, August 13, 2026 in 
respect of the Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Kindly take it on your record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
 
For, Arman Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Uttam Patel 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer  
 
Uttambhai 
Narayanbhai Patel
Digitally signed by Uttambhai 
Narayanbhai Patel 
Date: 2026.08.20 10:08:59 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
“Arman Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
“E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th August 2026 will prevail.” 
 
  
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AALOK PATEL – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – ARMAN FINANCIAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK MODI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – ARMAN 
FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SHREEPAL DOSHI – EQUIRUS SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Call of Arman Financial 
Services, hosted by Equirus Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shreepal Doshi from Equirus Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Shreepal Doshi: 
Thank you, Sumit. Good evening, everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings conference call 
of Arman Financial Services to discuss the Q1 FY27 financial performance and business update. 
Today, we have Mr. Aalok Patel, Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Vivek Modi, 
Executive Director and Group CFO. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Aalok Patel for his opening remarks, post which we can 
open the forum for question-and-answer. Over to you, sir. 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes. Thank you, Shreepal, and a very good afternoon to everybody, and thanks to everyone for 
joining us today for the Arman Financial Services Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As 
Shreepal mentioned, I'm joined on the call by Mr. Vivek Modi, our ED and Group CFO, along 
with the Investor Relations team. I hope all of you have had an opportunity to review our 
financial results, the investor presentation and also the press release.  
 
So let me start first with the operating environment. So Q1 of FY27 has been an encouraging 
start to the year and more importantly, the improvement that we started seeing during the second 
half of FY26 has continued into this quarter. Collection trends have remained stable, fresh 
delinquencies have moderated and borrower behavior has continued to improve across most of 
our operating geographies. 
 
That said, I would still hesitate to say that the sector has completely normalized. We are clearly 
operating from a much stronger footing than we were a year ago, but there continues to be 
uncertainties in the broader economy, and we remain watchful. Volumes have been a bit lower 
than expected in Q1, but that is not unusual in the first quarter of the fiscal year, particularly 
given our continued emphasis on quality over quantity. 
I made a point on our previous call, which I think continues to remain relevant. The improvement 
that we are seeing should not necessarily be interpreted to mean that the ground level 
environment has suddenly become easy. A meaningful part of the improvement is because we 
are selecting better, monitoring better and also collecting better. That is obviously encouraging, 
but the macroeconomic environment continues to remain complicated. 
 
For us, the important thing is not to conclude that the cycle is behind us and simply go back to 
business as usual. At the same time, let me also say that cycles come and go, and they are part 
of the business that we have chosen. The important thing is to learn, monitor, adapt and to move 
forward. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Against this backdrop, I am pleased to share that our consolidated AUM reached a record high 
of INR2,925 crores as of June '26, representing a growth of 36% year-on-year. Consolidated 
disbursements during the quarter were INR686 crores, up 76% year-on-year and represented our 
highest ever first quarter disbursements. Despite the strong AUM, I want to make it clear that it 
does not represent a change in our risk posture. Our rejection rates continue to remain relatively 
high, and we are comfortable with that. 
 
We continue to see healthy traction in our individual loan portfolio, which now accounts for 
33% of our overall book and is becoming an increasingly important part of our microfinance 
business. The objective here is not simply to increase ticket size or move away from traditional 
JLG-based group lending. The objective is to move progressively towards more individualized 
credit assessment where we understand the customers' household cash flow, credit behavior and 
repayment capacity more closely and structure the loan accordingly. 
 
As this portfolio scales, the underwriting architecture becomes even more important. Wherever 
applicable, we are increasingly relying on, of course, credit history and bureau behavior, but also 
customer level cash flow assessment and digital repayment mechanisms such as UPI mandates 
and e-NACH. We believe that gives us a much better understanding of the individual borrower 
than relying purely on group behaviors or standardized one-size-fits-all credit filters. 
 
Overall collection efficiency for Q1 stood at 96.6%, and we saw a steady improvement 
throughout the quarter. By June, overall collection efficiency had improved further, which gives 
us comfort on the behavior of the more recently originated portfolio. Our asset quality has 
continued to improve over the past four quarters with consolidated GNPA now at 2.76% and 
NNPA improving to 0.84%. Early-stage delinquencies have also remained largely stable at 
approximately 99.5% zero DPD flow forwards. 
 
One of the biggest changes that we have made over the last few quarters have been to bring 
greater independence and accountability into our credit and collection processes. We have 
strengthened the credit function at the point of origination and separately built dedicated 
collection teams. This has helped us become more disciplined in borrower selection and bring 
greater focus to collections. 
 
When we introduced these changes, they came with a meaningful increase in operating cost. We 
had said at the time that the asset quality had to take priority over near-term operating expenses. 
I think we are now beginning to see the other side of that investment. The new structure is now 
pretty well embedded across the organization, and we are seeing better accountability, sharper 
credit decisions and more focused collection execution. At the same time, as the portfolio has 
started growing again, our operating cost ratios are beginning to improve as well. Apart from 
improving asset quality, the independent credit structure has also given us greater confidence to 
scale the individual loan portfolios. 
 
Our consolidated pre-provisioning operating profit increased to INR77 crores during the quarter 
from INR59 crores in Q4 FY26. Cost to income improved meaningfully to 44.3% from 51.7% 
in the previous quarter. Of course, there is still considerable work to be done on operating 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
efficiency. We are not exactly where we ultimately want to be, particularly in the microfinance 
business, but the direction is, of course, encouraging. 
 
Our objective remains to bring operating costs down through a combination of portfolio scale, 
productivity improvements and technology without reversing the credit and recovery controls 
that have helped improve the quality of the book. We have also continued to strengthen portfolio 
protection through CGFMU scheme. As of 30, June 2026, approximately 94% of the eligible 
microfinance portfolio was covered under the scheme. That said, I also want to mention that we 
do not view CGFMU as a substitute for underwriting. The first line of defense always remains 
customer selection and collections. The guarantee provides an additional layer of protection 
against tail-end events and over time, should make credit losses more manageable and more 
predictable through cycles. 
 
On the consolidated financial performance, gross total income for the quarter stood at INR202 
crores, up 34% year-on-year and 15% sequentially. Net total income increased to INR138 crores 
and PPOP, as I mentioned earlier, was INR77 crores. Provisions and write-offs for the quarter 
were INR20 crores Profit after tax stood at INR45 crores compared with a loss of INR15 crores 
in Q1 FY26 and INR41 crores in Q4 FY26. 
 
Apart from the profit numbers, it is encouraging to see that profitability has improved alongside 
AUM growth, better collections, low fresh delinquencies, improving asset quality, and some 
early improvements in operating efficiency. That combination is much healthier than a recovery, 
driven only by lower provisioning. Our consolidated NIM remained healthy at 17.4%, while 
annualized return on average AUM was 6.4%. Return on equity was 18.9% for the quarter, 
annualized, of course. 
 
On capital and liquidity, we remain comfortably positioned. Capital adequacy stood at 33.6% 
for Arman stand-alone and 38.8% for Namra Finance. As of June 2026, our consolidated 
shareholders' equity was INR979 crores. We also maintained a healthy liquidity position with 
INR286 crores across cash and bank balances, liquid investments, and undrawn CC limits. In 
addition, we have INR335 crores of undrawn sanctions from existing lenders, providing us with 
sufficient headroom to support our funding requirement and growth plans. 
 
Moving on to the key financial and operational performance of stand-alone. AUM for the quarter 
stood at INR758 crores for Arman, registering a 26% year-on-year and 4% sequential growth. 
Disbursements during the quarter improved to INR156 crores with MSME segment driving the 
growth. Gross total income for the quarter stood at INR66 crores, up 30% year-on-year, while 
PPOP stood at INR24 crores. Profitability also improved with PAT at INR15 crores, up 17% 
year-on-year and 48% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Moving on to the key financial and operational performance of Namra Finance, our microfinance 
subsidiary. Namra AUM grew 39% year-on-year and 8% sequentially to INR2,167 crores as of 
June 2026. Disbursements during the quarter stood at INR530 crores. This growth also reflected 
in operating performance. Gross total income for the quarter stood at INR138 crores compared 
with INR101 crores in Q1 FY26, registering a 35% year-on-year growth. PPOP increased INR52 
crores, up 64% year-on-year and 26% quarter-on-quarter. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
 
The improvement in operating performance along with lower provisions translated into a 
meaningful improvement in profitability with PAT at INR30 crores compared to a loss of INR28 
crores in Q1 FY26. We also saw an improvement in the underlying economies of the portfolio. 
NIMs improved to 15.37% during the quarter, supported by better yields and growing share of 
individual loans in the portfolio mix. On asset quality, GNPA has improved significantly from 
its peak of 3.8% to 2.59% currently. 
 
This is encouraging and reflects the steady improvement we are seeing in collection and 
repayment behavior across the portfolio. Overall performance across both businesses remain 
healthy with stable growth, improving profitability and continued improvement in the portfolio 
quality. 
 
Looking ahead to the remainder of FY27, our approach remains largely unchanged. We want to 
grow, but we want that growth to be careful, calibrated, and supported by quality of the 
underlying portfolio. We will continue to recalibrate growth based on what we see in collections, 
early delinquency trends, borrower cash flows and, of course, overall macroeconomic 
conditions. 
 
There have been geopolitical uncertainties, some of which we discussed last quarter, disruptions 
arising from the situation in West Asia and weather-related uncertainties during the quarter. 
Given this operating environment, I had actually expected to see some marginal softening in the 
repayment behavior. Thankfully, so far, this has not shown up materially in our numbers. 
 
Of course, I would not conclude from this that there will be no impact because macro events can 
sometimes affect our customer segments with a lag. But at this stage, the portfolio has held up 
better than I had expected, and we will continue to monitor the situation very closely over the 
coming quarters. Overall, I believe we have entered FY27 from a considerable stronger position 
than we were 12 months ago. 
 
Importantly, that strength is not just reflected in asset quality or profitability. We have also come 
through this cycle with a more disciplined underwriting framework, a stronger collections 
architecture, and better understanding of where we need to continue improving as an 
organization. Our priorities, therefore, remain very straightforward: protect asset quality, 
maintain underwriting discipline, improve operating efficiency, grow responsibly, and continue 
building a sustainable lending franchise. 
 
With that, thank you, and I would like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Yeah hi. Firstly, congrats to the team on the results. Aalok, in your opening remarks, you 
mentioned that things are not really behind us in terms of the cycle. But if I were to take a devil's 
advocate position here, actually it's not reflecting in the data which we presented or even your 
listed peers have published on the collection side, on the X-bucket numbers, on the par numbers. 
What is it that is making you still cautious? Is it the scar of the last cycle? Or is there some data 
points which keeps you worried at night. Just wanted to pick up your thoughts on this one first. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Aalok Patel: 
No, surprisingly, all the data points are favorable. Perhaps it is a little bit of PTSD. But the 
macros on the ground level just don't seem to be as -- I mean, I have no data to back it, just my 
own observations on level that as far as income growth, which you would expect to see in the 
rural has not been happening for a while. 
 
Inflation is increasing. Jobs are there, but not the jobs that people want. So those kinds of factors 
kind of, I don't know, judgmentally, I wouldn't say scare me, but of course, concern me slightly. 
But apart from that, the data is favorable, the numbers are favorable. Everything is good. So I 
have no reason to be pessimistic at all. But this is just something that we have to keep in the 
back of our head and be careful. That's all. 
Ronak Chheda: 
Fair. Just on the asset quality again. You said asset quality will take precedence over the near-
term investments in opex. You're also talking about recalibrated growth. You want to focus on 
the quality of the growth rather than the volumes, the rejection rates continue to be high. Just in 
this backdrop, how do you envisage this all plays out over the next two years to three years? I 
mean what is the kind of expectation from a credit cost performance, which you would expect 
saying that this was all worth it in the end. What is that goal on the credit cost, which you expect 
out of the entire shift of focus towards better quality book? If you could just comment. 
Aalok Patel: 
I have commented on things like that, and I have always really been wrong on it because when 
cycles shift, it's never like, oh, you go from 2% credit cost to 3% and you're like, okay, another 
1%, who cares, right? I mean my balance sheet supports it and why should I sacrifice growth 
today in exchange for maybe a 1% better credit cost a year down the road. 
 
Unfortunately, it does not work like that. When things go out of control, they go out of control 
very, very quickly. And so we made a lot of mistakes, but we are quick learners in that sense. 
 
So, again, I don't want to -- maybe I sounded more pessimistic than I should have in hindsight 
in my opening remarks. I am not talking about growth opportunities being there, but being 
scared. I'm not scared. I'm still confident. It's just I don't want the same euphoria that happened 
post-COVID, where everyone, including myself, went little crazy and just started disbursing left 
and right. That's all I was trying to communicate. 
Ronak Chheda:  
Fair. Thanks. And last question I come back in the queue is on the stand-alone book on the 
MSME side. Now that most of these MFI players are also talking about individual loans, talking 
about cash flow-based underwriting, do you see segment become crowded over time and 
probably people will start losing their credit filters to chase growth? Just how are you seeing the 
competitive intensity on that side of the business? 
Aalok Patel:  
I mean, there are good players doing good business right now. I don't think anybody is going 
crazy in terms of sacrificing quality in exchange for growth, at least not yet. Of course, people 
have short memories, six months, 12 months down the road, some pressure, investor, promoter 
pressure, whatever it may be, will take over and people will start saying that, well, that was a 
year ago, that was two years ago, things have changed. Let's just tweak this filter, are we being 
-- let's reduce the scoring here. What do we gain, what do we lose? Those kinds of decisions are 
very common, and I'm not immune to it myself. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
So yeah, I think it's basic human behavior that life goes on sometimes and you forget the bad 
stuff and then you start becoming slightly more optimistic. And by the time the next cycle hits, 
hopefully, you are not in a bad shape. 
Ronak Chheda:  
Perfect, perfect. Thank you. I will look for thought. Best of luck to the team. 
Aalok Patel:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karthik from UNIFI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Karthik Srinivas: 
Thanks for the opportunity, and congratulations on a good set of numbers, sir. I just had one 
question. Just on the recovery on write-offs and bad debt. So how are we seeing that trending 
because most of the listed peers have also recorded good recoveries in their portfolio. I just 
wanted to understand how is it for us and how is it going forward? 
Aalok Patel:  
Bad debts recovery, Vivek, you have. 
Vivek Modi: 
Karthik, bad debt recovery, it's been pretty encouraging here as well. But kind of give you a 
slightly detailed answer. The recent write-off that we've seen in the last, let's say, 24 months 
include about INR185 crores of write-off pool that we've done an ARC transaction on. We sold 
about INR185 crores of pool under an ARC in March 2025. 
 
There this year, we've seen a recovery, which is almost close to about 10%. And the overall 
recoveries in the write-off has been about 3% to 4%, which is on a comparative basis seems to 
be a good recovery, and we're still not over with it. There is a growth period of another at least 
12 months to 18 months left before these accounts kind of completely go sale. 
Karthik Srinivas: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is on the liquidity. So sir, since last year, we have been a 
little high on liquidity because for obvious reasons. We just wanted to understand when will this 
go -- I mean, when will you start having lower liquidity and moving into a more disbursement 
phase? Are you eyeing that phase now or you still want to understand the  dynamics better and 
then before you move to that zone? 
Aalok Patel: 
I think our liquidity is already sufficiently low. I would not necessarily call our liquidity high. I 
mean probably on average, we are maintaining what we make, about INR300 crores? 
Vivek Modi: 
INR300 crores, which is like about 1.5 months of repayment requirements, repayment 
obligations and maybe maintaining one month's disbursement requirement so to say, so which 
is I think a standard requirement that we've been following.  
Aalok Patel:                          I would not necessarily call our current liquidity position as high. I would say it is probably not 
low either. It's probably Goldilocks, that's right. 
Karthik Srinivas: 
Got it, sir. That’s it from my side. Thanks. Thanks so much, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta from Ficom Family Office. Please 
go ahead. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. So before I ask the question, I'll just give some context 
on three points. So on yield, one of the larger peers, they are being about a 50 basis point cut in 
the lending rate this particular year. And another peer, they have stopped raising rates and they 
may pass those gains back to the customers. So this is on yield. On funding, your current 
incremental borrowing cost is at 11.7%, and that has been coming down from the 12%-odd 
levels, but purely on the level at which you borrow is higher versus the peers. Of course, it also 
depends on the size of the book. 
 
And the third point is your opex. So if I annualize your opex, it comes to about 8.5% versus the 
target that you are aiming at about 7% for FY27. So with that context in mind at about 25% to 
30% AUM growth that you have guided, what is the FY27 outlook on each of those three points, 
which I earlier mentioned, which will yield, your funding cost and your opex? And according to 
you, which is the one that will contribute the most towards profitability? Right now, which one 
do you see has the most lever? And just one more thing on the cost front, are you focusing more 
on... 
Aalok Patel: 
Wait. Stop. I've already forgotten the first two-thirds of your question. Let's go one step at a 
time. What was your first question? 
Vivek Modi: 
Do we envisage reducing the coupons, the ROI in the coming… 
Aalok Patel: 
Why? 
Vivek Modi: 
His contention is that some of the larger ones have kind of hinted that they might bring down. 
Aalok Patel: 
So if I understood your question, listen, there are largely four components in doing this business. 
There is interest income, interest expense, you have your opex and your credit cost, right? So I 
think you are asking about all four at this point. So specifically on the yields, I think the only 
thing that really protects you is your top line when everything hits the fan. And already, we are 
being watched by as many people as possible to keep the rates reasonable, specifically, RBI and 
we are always justifying of what rates we are charging and how much we are charging. 
 
Now the other side of the coin is as far as the customers, are we losing customers because we 
are charging too high? Is it affordable to the customers? So these are all kind of questions that 
we have to consider. If we reach a point where we are making too much money, I'm okay with 
reducing rates, but I've not given it much thought at this point. So that's, I think, the first line 
item. 
 
The second, I think you were talking about interest expense, the debt cost. So yes, that has been 
marginally coming down. I think if you are comparing to the peers, a lot of it has a function of 
size as well. But that being said, it's a constant endeavor. Obviously, we possibly could do better 
in reducing it even further. I believe we are approaching rating agencies and stuff at this point 
also for upgrades. So hopefully, that should meaningfully reduce it by, I don't know, Vivek, 20 
bps, 30 bps at least on the plate. 
 
The important thing is that while everybody in the industry, minus like, let's say, the top 10 
players who are facing issues related to liquidity, I cannot recall the last time that we needed 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
money and we couldn't find it, right? Reducing interest cost obviously becomes the biggest 
endeavor. 
 
As far as opex, I've already mentioned in previous meetings and in my opening remarks, yes, it 
is high, and it's high for a reason. We have added the BCM structure. We have separated 
collection team. And over and above that, we are also subscribing to CGFMU. 
 
But I think that number that is at 8% was probably closer to 9% last quarter, and it will probably 
reduce further in the next quarter as well. So opex is not increasing as fast as AUM. So from a 
percentage standpoint, that should start coming down further in the coming quarters. And the 
goal is to get it down to 7%, which is what I had stated earlier, I don't know if it was one quarter 
or two quarters ago by the end of March. So we are well on track to do that. I think what was his 
third point  
Vivek Modi: 
That's three. I mean, are we missing out on something on that? 
Rohan Mehta: 
Right, right. Thank you for the clarification. So my last question is on so when I look at the 
MSME par level, I'm talking 31 to 90. So that has marginally moved up from 0.7% to 0.9%. And 
if I take a look at also LAP, the GNPA has doubled and considering that there's an LTV of 65% 
maximum. So my question to you is, has there something seasonally changed in terms of 
competition or in terms of the quality of the collateral? 
Aalok Patel: 
No. There are some issues going on in Telangana. I think that  
Vivek Modi: 
Other states have been consistent, but Telangana, we are seeing a bit of slightly higher stress, 
which is again, I think sectoral, I think everybody has been reporting some concerns in 
Telangana. And that's why you see about 10, 15 basis kind of upward. I'm sure there are other 
reasons also. 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes, there are other reasons. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Right, right. Any particular segments or pockets apart from states like where you see there is too 
much exuberance rather than yield demand or any initial signs that you see upfront? 
Aalok Patel: 
None that I can think of on the spot. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you so much and wishing you all the best. 
Aalok Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital. Please go ahead. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Yeah. Sir, my first question was with regard to the provisions that we have. If you see them 
quarter-on-quarter, we increased the provisions from INR17.2 crores to INR19.5 crores. Just 
wanted to understand some bit of subjective commentary on where some extra provisioning has 
been done on a quarter-on-quarter basis. That’s one. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
And the second question is that just like other NBFCs and other institutions, if you can add a 
chart or a table on your gross NPA additions, slippage and the similar schedule for provisions 
that will just help us round this up 360 degree. Thanks. 
Aalok Patel: 
Provisions have increased by INR3 crores. 
Vivek Modi: 
You are talking of provision increasing Arman, in absolute terms?  
Sonal Minhas: 
Yeah. So provisions at the consolidated level have gone up from INR17.2 crores to INR19.5 
crores. Just wanted to understand that? Yeah. 
Vivek Modi: 
You are talking of a P&L number, right? 
Sonal Minhas: 
Yes. 
Vivek Modi: 
It’s primarily, I think. 
Aalok Patel: 
The portfolio would have grown. 
Vivek Modi: 
The portfolio would have grown. That’s where. 
. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. Is it linked to increase in the NPA for the LAP portfolio? 
Vivek Modi: 
No. In fact, NPAs have kind of come down but it just has 
Sonal Minhas: 
NPAs have come down. 
Vivek Modi: 
Come down but overall the portfolio has expanded by about INR200 crores in microfinance and 
about INR100 crores in Arman standalone. So, as the portfolio grows just that number will go 
up. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. If you could just take care of the request on the schedule or disclosure for NPAs as well 
as provisions that will just help us understand the maths in the number terms. 
Aalok Patel: 
You want a disclosure on what exactly? A table on how the NPA was arriving? 
Sonal Minhas: 
Opening, closing of NPAs and opening, closing of provisions. Yeah. 
Aalok Patel: 
 
Okay. Fair. Oh, okay. We will try to build it in. 
Aalok Patel: 
Vivek, he is talking about the total provisions and write-offs on a P&L number, not the balance 
sheet number. 
Sonal Minhas: 
The balance sheet number as well because the balance sheet number leads to the P&L number 
basically. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Aalok Patel: 
As far as Q4 of 2026, which is what you are seeing, that was substantially lower because we had 
over-provided during the rest of it. For the full year, it was INR150 crores. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Got it. Okay. So it is not really comparable. 
Aalok Patel: 
It is not really comparable. 
Aalok Patel: 
The INR17.2 crores and INR19.5 crores you were mentioning, that is a P&L. Okay. 
Number in provisions and write-offs. 
There was too much stuff going on last year, so it’s not really very comparable from Q4 to Q1. 
Sonal Minhas: 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Aalok Patel: 
Sorry, I was a little confused. I was thinking of the balance sheet numbers. 
Sonal Minhas: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Karwa from White Pine Investment 
Management Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Karwa: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, I have 
two questions. One is on how were the July collection trends? Did you see any stress in any of 
the books as such? 
Aalok Patel: 
Marginally, there were issues related to rain in Gujarat and stuff like that, but that has 
subsequently been covered up. So it is hard to assess, to be honest, with basis point differences. 
Was July slightly lower than June? Yes, marginally in terms of repayment rates of on a static 
pool basis and in zero DPD, I believe there was three basis points difference 
Vivek Modi: 
There was severe downpour in South Gujarat, similarly north U.P., parts of Bihar. Those are 
more cyclical in nature, and I think they are being taken care of. 
Aalok Patel: 
Yeah. Nothing that concerns me immediately. 
Keshav Karwa: 
Okay. Second is on credit costs. Are we still maintaining the guidance at 3% or planning to 
improve it further for the rest of the year? 
Aalok Patel: 
Did we give such a guidance? 
Vivek Modi: 
No. We did say that we expect the credit cost to remain about 3% to 3.5% going forward. I think 
that’s not a guidance that you would like to say that way, but then - 
Aalok Patel: 
If you probably include the cost of the CGFMU, then yes, probably 3% sounds about right, 
maybe 2.5%. 2% if we are lucky. Let’s see how the year progresses. No. I am not sure. I have 
no idea, to be honest. 
Keshav Karwa: 
Okay, sir. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddartha Venkatesh from Vayu Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Siddartha Venkatesh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity, and really congratulations on the great set of numbers. 
My question is broadly on the industry perspective. So, we are seeing players diversifying away 
from JLG-based lending to more sorts of individual lending. There is this talk that JLG model 
is going to become unsustainable. I just wanted your commentary on how you are seeing this 
JLG lending and what is the ground level for Arman. In the next two, three years, how do you 
see this JLG book split versus your more individual split? That is my question. 
Aalok Patel: 
As far as JLG, I have made my feelings quite clear for, I think, at least the last eight odd quarters, 
maybe six quarters. JLG, yes, I won’t use the term broken and stuff, but earlier it used to provide 
sufficient risk mitigation where you could replace it with individualized credit assessment, if 
that kind of makes sense. 
 
Today, with changing scenarios, with multiple cycles, with easy availability, with multiple 
players, most importantly, culture of the emerging new generations and stuff like that, it was no 
longer providing the kind of risk mitigation that we were used to, let’s say, 10 years ago. And 
so therefore, it's okay to still do group-based lending. It still offers some advantage, especially, 
in terms of opex, if you are dependent on cash collection because instead of going to one place, 
you can go to -- or instead of going to one place to collect from one customer, you can go to one 
place and collect from multiple customers. 
 
So there are definitely advantages to still not completely dismiss JLG. But in my humble opinion, 
and there are many in my peer groups that are more experienced to disagree with me also, 
nothing wrong with that. That using JLG and not doing individualized credit assessment or 
relying too much on JLG’s ability to mitigate risk is not sufficient in today's day and age. And 
so my opinion is that you have to do an individualized credit assessment. 
 
What I mean by that is that you cannot have a one-size-fits-all credit policy that under INR2 
lakh is a good customer and over INR2 lakh outstanding is a bad customer and INR12,500 is the 
magic EMI that we should be servicing, you know, stuff like that, like one-size-fits-all. So 
unfortunately, the business has become more complicated. And therefore, just like any other 
lending product, each customer will require their own assessment. I hope that sufficiently 
answers your question. I think now going all over the place. 
Siddhartha Venkatesh: 
Yes, yes. Thank you, sir. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Srinath from Bellwether. Please go ahead. 
Srinath: 
Hi, Aalok. Am I audible? 
Aalok Patel: 
Yes, yes. Hi, Srinath. 
Srinath: 
Yeah. Congratulations on the fantastic set of numbers,  . Generally, wanted to get a feel that, 
you know, last time in 2023 towards the end we did about INR530 crores of disbursement with 
like something like 275 branches, 280 branches. Now we are at 400 branches, 425 branches. So 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
with this current infrastructure and whatever extra people we have put for credit, do you think 
our current infrastructure can take us to like INR700 crores, INR750 crores, kind of, 
disbursement whenever that happens, but just do you have the infrastructure to support that kind 
of scale? 
Aalok Patel: 
INR750 crores per month or per quarter? 
Vivek Modi: 
Per quarter. 
Aalok Patel: 
Per quarter. Yeah, 100%. This is more than sufficient. 
Srinath: 
Perfect. 
Aalok Patel: 
So as I mentioned, Q1 was slightly slower on the volumes than I expected, but that's okay. I 
mean that's not really unexpected. But, you know, with everything, kind of, being deleveraged 
and stuff like that, I was expecting slightly higher volumes. But that's fine. We cannot force 
these things. Obviously, the team has also been more on collection mode than growth mode for 
the past two years. So that will come back in the next couple of quarters. So I'm not too worried 
about that. So, but, yeah, I think the current infrastructure can  I mean, we have already done it. 
Vivek Modi: 
Quarter 4 was INR700 crores-plus like that. 
Srinath: 
Let me -- I only spoke about microfinance, not the total business. Just microfinance. 
Vivek Modi: 
Yeah, yeah. So Srinath… 
Aalok Patel: 
Just microfinance was how much? 
Vivek Modi: 
Quarter 4 microfinance alone wasINR38 crores. That was for CGFMU  
Aalok Patel: 
The R&R was for DJFM  
Aalok Patel: 
Yes. So it's definitely doable. 
Srinath: 
Got it. So we have the kind of infrastructure to support growth. It's just about how credit and 
how the profiles flow to you and how comfortable you feel? Is that a fair understanding? 
Aalok Patel: 
That is, I would say, a fair understanding, yes. 
Srinath: 
Perfect. Can you spend a little time on the... 
Vivek Modi : 
Srinath, just to correct the number, I think, Slide 30 in the presentation itself, disbursement for 
microfinance number for Quarter 4 was INR738 crores. 
Srinath: 
Yeah. Sure, sir. If we can broadly give some understanding of how the LAP business is doing 
geographical expansion, credit experience, the experience of dealing with these loan papers, you 
know, the hypothecation, and also by now, I would have felt that this business could have 
reached like a INR40 crores, INR50 crores disbursement per quarter. So where are we? How do 
you assess our progress in the product? So complete 360 on this product would be great. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Aalok Patel: 
So it's not a bad product. I mean, we have seen enough files now and done enough business. But, 
you know, it's not an easy product for us. I mean we are unsecured people, right? We are 
microfinance. We like to open branches and people come to us to borrow money. 
 
LAP is a slight change in our normal culture where, you know, in the secured side, there's a lot 
of competition and the tax are very, very high. Getting the documents prepared is also a bit of a 
hassle. 
 
And so, I agree, things could have looked better. That said, these things take time. You know, 
MSME when we started it in 2018, for two - three years things were negligible in terms of 
disbursement. Then eventually, we found our footing and things expanded. So we cannot force 
these things. It will take its own time. 
 
But, as I mentioned, this is not our normal cup of tea. I'm still comfortable with it. But there's a 
lot of competition for LAP loans and secured loans in general in the market. Everybody wants 
to do it. Even MFIs want to do it and SFBs want to do it and banks want to do it and FinTechs 
want to do it. Everybody wants to do it. So there's a lot of competition. 
Srinath: 
So basically here, more than the profiles and our infrastructure, the issue is that there's basically 
three guys wanting to lend to the same person and therefore, that is the main issue in scaling up 
this product? 
Aalok Patel: 
Correct. I would say the main issue is probably competition. 
Srinath: 
Perfect. Perfect. Cool. Thanks a lot guys and hope this year even with your opening statement it 
is sparkles. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prathyush, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Prathyush: 
Thank you, Aalok sir and Vivek sir for the opportunity. I have two questions. Firstly, for the 
ROA, in the previous con call, you had guided about 4.5% to 5% ROA. And this time in the 
investor presentation, you mentioned 5% to 6%. And this quarter, we've actually done 6.4%. So 
is there any structural upside that you will see in the ROA? 
Aalok Patel: 
Okay. So yeah, it's a little higher than previous one. See, ROA is a function of leveraging also. 
So as the leveraging goes up, that number naturally comes down and then ROEs tend to go up. 
When I say such things, sometimes I just say it, I mean, there's not a lot of thought and 
calculation that goes. 
 
Neither I give table saying that, well, at this leverage it should be this percent and then debt 
equity ratio of this, it will go down to that. I mean, I don't give any guidance on ROAs, very 
frankly. So where did we put 5% to 6%? 
Vivek Modi: 
So historically, we've been able to deliver something like 5% to 6% ROA. 
Prathyush: 
Okay sir. Sir secondly,… 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Aalok Patel: 
Okay. So -- I'm sorry, I'm sorry I didn't answer your question. Yes, ROAs were fairly good this 
quarter. Do I have any guidance to give towards ROA? Well, ROA is a function of many, many 
things, including leveraging, including the four things which I mentioned a lot of those things 
are in flux. 
 
So it's very difficult for me to give guidance. All I can do is say it historically we have done 
about 4.5-odd percent maybe on a fully levered basis. Today, the operating costs are slightly 
higher than what we are used to. So on a fully operate, let's say, a 20% capital adequacy, you 
might be at 3.5%, 4%, but difficult for a person like me also. Of course, we have simulations 
and we have business plans and a lot of things. But it's very difficult to predict these things. 
Prathyush: 
Okay sir. Sir, one more thing in the microfinance JLG versus the individual business loans, can 
you quantify in terms of yield or gross NPA, how is it different? And is there actually a 
significant benefit that you're able to see in the individual business loan as compared to 
microfinance JLG model? 
Aalok Patel: 
So without getting into specific numbers and percentages and things like NPA, I can tell you 
two or three things. Number one, as of today, individual is performing better than JLG. So Vivek, 
I hope you agree with that. 
Vivek Modi: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Aalok Patel: 
The second part is that as far as individual loans are concerned, the biggest issue is the opex. 
And so we have to make sure that we are able to collect a significant portion directly from their 
bank accounts. When we run the eNACH and the UPI mandates for the individual loans, about 
68% to 70% clears, by the end of the month, we manage clearing about 85% through cashless 
and the balance, whatever, 14%, we are going door-to-door and collecting cash. 
 
So right now, opex is also largely under control for individual as long as we are able to maintain 
the cashless collections in the individual side. I mean, it's a new product. Everything does well 
in the first year or two. So I cannot definitively say that individual is better than JLG, but 
definitely, without giving long-winded disclaimers, I like it better personally. 
Prathyush: 
Okay. Got it and just one last thing, on the solar loan part, this is a new product. So in terms of 
yield or in terms of the expected gross NPA, how would this fare in relation to the other products 
you have? Is it in line with the yield of MSME or LAP? How does it play? 
Aalok Patel: 
No, no, no. So solar is just an idea at this point. So we are not doing significant volumes. We are 
probably doing around INR50 lakhs a month at this point in selected areas. So far, there have 
been no defaults. So NPA is zero. And as far as the ROEs or ROIs are concerned, we are doing 
it at what are we doing about average of 18% to 20%. 
So it's kind of a low risk, low return product. 
Prathyush: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much. 

Arman Financial Services Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Aalok Patel: 
Yeah. Great. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining and being part of this call. And we hope 
we have answered all your questions. Thanks, Shreepal and Equirus for hosting the call. And if 
you need any additional information, please feel free to contact us or the Investor Relations team. 
Thanks again for your time. Sumit, please, you can disconnect the call. 
Moderator: 
Okay. Thank you. On behalf of Equirus Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
