 
 
 
N 
 
 
 
19th August, 2026 
 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001 
The Manager 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No-C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
NSE Symbol: IFBIND | BSE Scrip Code: 505726 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and in furtherance to our letter dated 14th August, 2026 regarding the audio recording of the 
investor’s earnings call for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the said call.  
 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
https://www.ifbindustries.com/financial.php. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For IFB INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Ritesh Agarwal 
Company Secretary 
 
 
RITESH 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
RITESH AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.08.19 17:33:03 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“IFB Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
 
  
 
 
                
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SANDEEP JOSEPH ABRAHAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HOME APPLIANCES 
DIVISION 
 
MR. C.S. GOVINDARAJ – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
MANUFACTURING – HOME APPLIANCES DIVISION 
 
MR. SOUMITRA GOSWAMI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. ARUP DAS – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – ENGINEERING 
BUSINESS 
 
MR. AMAR SINGH NEGI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – SERVICE 
BUSINESS (HAD) 
 
MR. JAYANTA CHANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ENGINEERING BUSINESS 
 
MR. RAJEEV MUNDHRA – HEAD, FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS 
– ENGINEERING, STEEL AND EAST REGION (HAD) 
 
MR. KARTIK MUCHANDI – HEAD, FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS 
– HOME APPLIANCES DIVISION 
 
MR. RANJAN MOHAN – NATIONAL SALES HEAD – HOME 
APPLIANCES DIVISION 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RABINDRA NATH NAYAK – NIRMAL BANG EQUITIES 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the IFB Industries Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Call, hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rabindra Nath Nayak. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rabindra Nath Nayak: 
Thank you, Saniya. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities, I would like to welcome everyone to the 
Q1 FY27 earnings call of IFB Industries Limited. We thank the management of IFB Industries 
for giving us the opportunity to host this call. 
 
From the management team, we have with us, Mr. Sandeep Joseph Abraham, Managing Director 
and CEO, Home Appliances Division; Mr. C.S. Govindaraj, Executive Director, Manufacturing, 
Home Appliances Division; Mr. Amar Singh Negi, Executive Director – Service Business, Home 
Appliances Division, Mr. Soumitra Goswami, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Arup Das, Executive 
Director, Engineering Business; Mr. Jayanta Chanda, CFO, Engineering Business; Mr Rajeev 
Mundhra, Head- Finance and Accounts, Engineering and Steel, Mr. Kartik Muchandi, Head, 
Finance and Accounts, Home Appliances Division; and Mr. Ranjan Mohan, National Sales 
Head, Home Appliances Division. 
 
Please note that today's discussion may contain forward-looking statements based on current 
expectations, which involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
materially. The management assumes no obligation to update these statements in light of new 
information or future developments. 
 
Without taking much of your time, I would now like to hand over the call to the management for 
their opening remarks. Following the management commentary, we will open the floor for the 
question-and-answer session. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
I am Soumitra Goswami. I welcome you all for IFB Industries Limited investor call for first 
quarter FY27. Let me tell you about the quarter 1 results now. Revenue for the quarter was INR 
1,529 crores against last year's INR 1,311 crores, which is a growth of 16.65%. PBDIT for the 
period was INR 88.46 crores, and its percentage to revenue is 5.79%, as compared to last year's 
INR 69.95 crores, which was 5.34% on revenue. 
 
There's an increase in PBDIT by INR 18.51 crores, which is a growth over last year by 26.46%. 
Fixed expenses for the quarter were well within budget. However, in case of some of the 
expenditure, expenses has increased over last year. PBT for the period was INR 51.54 crores, 
which is 3.3% on revenue, against last year's figure of INR 33.93 crores, which was 2.59% on 
revenue. Q1 PAT was INR38.06 crores, which is 2.5% on revenue, against last year's INR25.36 
crores, which is 1.9% on revenue. 
 
With this, I would like to request to start the question-and-answer session. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Two questions. If I look at the commodity increase in Q1 and Q4, which you had actually 
mentioned, it totals to almost INR90 crores, and the Forex also totals to around INR81 crores. 
So it's almost INR170 crores of impact on both the things, right? Now, while the cost savings, if 
I just total, it comes to maybe around INR110 crores or maybe INR120 crores. My question is 
that whether the commodity increase, is it behind us? 
 
And do you think this can -- either it is behind us or can we actually pass through the entire 
commodity increase so that the cost savings are actually permanent in the next few quarters? 
And how do you think about the Forex impact that you have got? And what has been the -- what 
is the prognosis for the year ahead? That is my first question. 
 
Second, I see that room air conditioners' growth has been close to 10%. What I gather is that the 
industry grew almost at 20% plus in the same period. Is it kind of a choice of not matching the 
growth -- I mean not matching the industry growth? Or there has been some kind of a 
disadvantage we had in terms of growth in the room air conditioners? So these are the 2 
questions. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So, as far as commodity is concerned, commodity and Forex -- I'm Sandeep here. Commodity 
and Forex continues to be an issue. So even when you look at Q1, we have an issue as far as 
commodity and Forex is concerned. And whether it is behind us, as of now, no. So we are still 
seeing commodity increases that are there, as well as Forex. 
 
There is not much of a change as far as Forex is concerned. So is it behind us? As of now, it 
doesn't look like it is behind us, and we continue to be under strain when it comes to both 
commodity and Forex. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And how much of commodity you have passed on, sir? Because, for example, if you just take 
the last 2 quarters, it comes to almost INR90 crores of commodity increase. So has it been passed 
on? Or when do you think it can be passed on? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: We are trying to pass on whatever is possible, but we need to be competitively priced in the 
market. And therefore, have we been able to pass on commodity? No, we have not been able to 
pass on commodity and Forex to the market. We've been able to get some cost initiatives that are 
there, which is basically to improve efficiencies in our operation. So, that has helped us as far as 
our P&L is concerned. But no, we have not been able to pass on the commodity and Forex to the 
customer in the form of a price increase. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And my second question is on the RAC. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. As far as AC is concerned, see, the quarter 1, when you look at it, every couple of years, 2 
years or 3 years, the government changes its -- the ratings that are there. And we had taken a 
conscious call that we will not build up stock of the older-rating AC products. And therefore, our 
old-rated AC products, actually, we completed it in the first month itself. By about January itself, 
we have completed it, and we moved into the new rating as far as AC is concerned. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 
The new rating, as you might realize, is about 10% to 15% more expensive than the market. And 
therefore, we did not have the advantage of the older-rated products with a price advantage in 
the market. We consciously said that we would not carry it forward. So from that point of view, 
yes, we had that disadvantage when it came to the operation is concerned. However, we are 
concentrating on some of the higher-capacity models, where we are seeing good growth, and 
we'll continue to focus on that. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And in terms of capacity of RACs, can you just tell me how many shifts are going on? And what 
is the current capacity and how much you can actually enhance without adding more capacity 
just by enhancing the shift? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Mr. Govindaraj, do you... 
C.S. Govindaraj: 
Yes. This is Govindaraj here. Right now, our capacity in air conditioner is about 75,000. And in 
the peak month, we are using about 85%. At the same time, we are working on improving the 
capacity through debottlenecking and some automation. So there is no need for us to increase 
the number of shifts, etcetera. We will be able to achieve 75,000 to 80,000, when it is required, 
per month. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Kumar from Geometric Securities. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, am I audible? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, you are. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, this question -- like if you can help us understand how -- because like you're not able to pass 
on the cost to stay competitive, at least, are we seeing growth then in sales? Like are we not even 
having sales growth? Because we are not able to pass on -- because you have told in the last con 
call that 20% growth we are seeing. Is it continuing? Or even that has slowed down? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: No, that's not slowed down. In fact, if you look at the P&L, you would find that our revenues -- 
the HAD division revenues went up by 18% for the quarter. And therefore, while we have said 
20% growth, we are definitely moving in that direction. So we've been able to get an 18% growth 
as far as our net revenues are concerned. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So, you are able to at least have a growth 0f 18% even in this quarter? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, definitely. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, second question is around the same thing. So how are you looking at this opportunity -- 
because now that you have washer, cooling and cleaning, all -- most of the categories you have 
covered, and you are -- can you explain us, is there even competition facing the same issue of 
not able to pass on? Or is it just for us? Or we are able to pass on in a few categories and not in 
other? And then, why are we then persisting -- or you will be able to pass on over the next 2, 3 
years? 
 
How are you thinking? Because this has been a persistent issue if you see. Then -- because if 
there's such a high competition, then why are we putting up our own capacities instead of doing 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
an outsourcing? So if you can please make us understand the assumptions the management is 
thinking over the long run of being present in all categories, if we have such -- do not have the 
pricing power in the long run? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So pricing, as I said, wherever there was an opportunity, we have actually taken the price 
increase. But then, these are, I think, tough times where the commodity and Forex are 
unprecedented increases that are there. We hope that it doesn't last. And if it doesn't last, then all 
the benefits that we have done to tide over the difficult conditions in the form of whatever cost 
on activities and all those activities that we have done to improve our efficiencies, that continues. 
And we are hoping that the commodity and Forex negatives that is happening now will ease out 
over a period of time. 
So if that element comes down, then I don't know how much -- how many people will then look 
at the pricing and stuff like that. But if we -- if the commodity and ForEx actually eases out, then 
all our parameters will look much better. And as far as others are concerned, I'm not sure. I think 
you should check out their results also. But we are not seeing -- beyond a certain stage, we are 
not seeing increase in prices. 
Vivek Kumar: 
And how should we think about IFB's presence across in the long run? And can we expect this 
20% growth at least in sales to continue for 2, 3 years? And because Bikram sir used to tell us 
that the channel extraction, and is the work at least over there? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So the 20%, as I said, that is definitely what we are working towards. And Q1 has been at 
18% growth, as far as revenue is concerned. That becomes critical because that is going to power 
our entire growth story. And as you mentioned, a lot of things are being done at the channel level 
to ensure our placements are improved, our extraction is better. 
 
We are ensuring that we have got people on the ground at the counters, manning the counters 
and things like that. So a lot of work is happening on the harder things, which is getting our 
distribution up and running. And that is what has actually got us this growth. Is it a done deal? 
No. Obviously, all these things keep constantly getting improved, but we are on the right path. 
And the good thing is that we grew 18% in Q1. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So we should be able to grow at the same rate, sir, in the coming quarters and years? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, we should. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I'm Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Firstly, sir, as you were mentioning that we are 
anticipating that the current run rate of growth to continue for the ensuing year. So firstly, if you 
could give us some more color on our Engineering segment and our capex plan, when can we 
expect fructifying of the same and the business environment for the home appliances? Some 
more color of how things have shaped up for the previous quarter and how are things currently 
playing? The dynamics -- the business environment would suffice. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Arup Das: 
I will take the Engineering question. The home appliance will be answered by the concerned 
person. This is Arup Das. As far as Engineering last quarter is concerned, we -- as sales is 
concerned, we have exceeded the budget, and we have grown by 17%. EBITDA level was what 
was budgeted. 
 
So in all terms, Engineering division met all the KPIs related to budget. And we expect that we 
will continue in the same fashion going forward until otherwise, there are certain dips due to 
global scenarios, etcetera, where we have no control on. But still, we will try to manage as much 
as possible. But -- as far as present situation goes with the festive season arriving, we should be 
in the same line. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Sir, because we have also outlined some targets for, I think, a higher top line -- I think, 
INR2,000 crores-plus and with some acquisition -- some land acquisition has also been done. 
Some product introduction is also there. So I wanted to understand where are we in midst of 
closing on those aspects. What can be expected going ahead? 
Arup Das: 
Okay. As far as new projects are concerned, it's -- as you know, EV is penetrating the Indian 
market, and we wanted to be a part of that growth story. In order to do so, we had bagged LOI 
from Tata, which is about INR150-odd crores. But you might have seen that yesterday, in the 
newspaper, news related to Tata, Agratas and others, there are issues. Probably the Tata Group 
Chairman is resigning, and you have -- Noel Tata has expressed his concern about the battery 
project. 
 
We are -- however, we are in touch with them. If they drop the project -- because we have already 
acquired the land in Gujarat. But other investments, we have machine, etcetera, we have not done 
yet because this change of situation, we wanted to understand because the project is a go-ahead 
from our side. 
 
But now, under the revised scenario, we are reviewing the situation. Then we will take a call as 
things progresses. But that particular piece of land, which we have acquired, will not only be for 
EV project, it will be for stamping project as well. So, that is also being pursued. We are in 
discussion with customers. 
 
We have zeroed in lot of businesses where OEMs have confirmed. So there are capex planned. 
It all will move in with the receipt of LOI. Once we receive the same from the customers, we 
will move ahead with the capex. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So you mentioned about INR150 crores battery project. I missed your comment there, sir. 
Arup Das: 
Yes. So, that project under -- if you have seen the newspaper yesterday, there was a big news 
that this project -- we do not know what decision finally the Tata Group will take. We are holding 
back, but we are okay with this. It's through from our side. Once we understand -- we are in 
continuous touch with them. We are ready for it. But all depends on the decision from Tata. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And on the existing set of product profile, what kind of volume expansion are we 
expecting for the current year or... 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Arup Das: 
We expect a similar sort of growth what we achieved in the first quarter. So our growth story 
will remain, both in terms of top line and bottom line. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. Now, for the home appliance part, sir, if some light can be thrown? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So Sandeep here. So if you see quarter 1, we have actually grown in all the lines. There was 
a question that we are in multiple lines. We have seen a growth in all the lines that are there. And 
I'm presuming with what we are doing at the ground level, that should continue to be growing, 
if not becoming better. Also, we are seeing some opportunities when it comes to certain 
capacities, certain kind of models which are there. So, that is something that we will be investing 
in.  
And over the next 3 to 6 months, we would have -- capacities which are currently not being 
served by us, we would have products there also, which should be giving us an additional pillar 
as far as our growths are concerned. So at this point of time, we are seeing growth in all the 
categories that we are operating in, and we believe that we should be able to continue with that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So there will be capacity augmentation also, sir? I missed your comment. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Capacity -- as Mr. Govindaraj said, capacity is there, so we don't have to augment capacity. And 
at the same time, the manufacturing side is looking at ways by which debottlenecking can be 
done. So without any additional investment, if required, the capacity can be augmented. 
Currently, we don't have a capacity constraint. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And lastly, on the cost reduction exercise and the benefits that were outlined to us, what 
have we achieved, sir, there, both in the variable as well as the fixed cost component? And earlier, 
sir, there have been -- you people have given us the idea that you have outlined what are the 
issues. So how are we going to address them? 
And where are we in terms of putting things into place in terms of -- some manning issues also 
were there at counters and so that our growth were affected. These were the figures given to 
investors 2 or 3 quarters back. So what are the updates currently on the same? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So, as far as cost is concerned, what you said is right, we are looking at INR150 crores to come 
in this year in the form of various cost initiatives that are there. In the first quarter, we have 
already got -- about INR42 crores, INR43 crores has already flowed in. We are definitely on 
track as far as the INR150 crores cost initiatives are concerned. We are not cutting down anything 
that can impact our presence in the market when it comes to the number of counters, which are 
manned and things like that. We are not cutting anything out there. 
 
In fact, we are increasing the number of counters which are going to be covered by our in-store 
promoters. Therefore, while cost is important, we also believe that what we are seeing in the Q1 
should continue, and therefore, we'll continue to invest in activities which will generate revenues 
for us. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And lastly, sir, on the performance of our associate and I think the refrigeration unit, if 
you could just share some color how have that performed, the contribution rate? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: That's a different company. So I think we should not be discussing that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That gets consolidated, I think so, for our numbers. Correct me there. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Yes. Soumitra here. That is getting consolidated in our consolidated account statement. We are 
taking our 41.40% share of the profit or loss. But IFB Refrigeration Limited is a separate 
company. 
 
We will not be discussing in IFB Industries' call.  If Mr. Abraham wants to talk about how the 
IFB Industries branches have performed in case of selling IFB refrigerator, he can discuss. But 
for IFB Refrigeration company as a whole, we will not discuss in this call. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. I was just referring to the INR0.33 lakh -- INR33 lakh contribution. That was the reason 
why the contribution has gone down. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Yes. Their PBT for the quarter is INR80 lakhs. Out of that, we are taking our share of 41.40%   
in our consolidated statement, which is INR0.33 crores. That means INR33 lakhs. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. I was only looking for why the numbers have gone down quarter-on-quarter, sir, from INR4 
crores to INR33 lakhs. That was my question. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
No. Last quarter, it was a loss. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I was comparing March quarter. I was comparing with the March quarter. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
March quarter, there was a different story. In March quarter, they recognized the deferred tax. 
So the profit was more. But in case of corresponding quarter of last year, there was a loss. And 
this time, there is a profit. However we will not be discussing the IFB Refrigeration company 
performance as a whole in this call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Kumar from Geometric Securities. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, am I audible? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, you are. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, can you share your market shares in top-loaders and front-loaders and how it has been 
moving in the last 3 years? And where do you see -- is it stabilizing in the next 1 to 3 years? Like 
top-loaders and washer category -- like top-loader and front-loaders? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: See there is no consolidated place where you get the market shares because obviously, there is 
an online business. There's an offline business. So there is no consolidated place where you -- 
where I would be able to say what is my market share and how it is growing and things like that. 
However, we believe that our market shares are improving because the volume growth that we 
are seeing, we believe that our market shares are growing, both in front-loader as well as in top-
loaders. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So you can say we'll be in the top 2 or top 1 in both the categories, sir? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Difficult to say. But yes, front-loader, we would be definitely in the top 2. And top-loader could 
be a little -- would be less. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Top 4 at least, or there, we have to... 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, we should. I'm not able to give you a number per se because there is no published market 
share data that is available. 
Vivek Kumar: 
And we see these market shares improving because we are growing faster than the market? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, we do. We do. And front-loader, as I said, some of the segments that we are not there, once 
we get a product there, apart from the growth that we are seeing now, we should get the benefit 
of that also. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Sir, if you can elaborate more on AC because there are so many players, how do you expect to 
garner the 10% to 15% market share that Bikram sir was saying and you were also alluding in 
last con call? Because -- what is your strategy or the outline on where we are? And there are so 
many people -- I don't know, maybe there are not many. But in my -- whenever we go and visit 
-- in the channel, we see so many brands. So what is your strategy to go ahead and take the -- 
and what factors are helping us to really achieve that market share? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. There are -- as you said, there are multiple players as far as AC is concerned. Our focus has 
been on strengthening our execution, which is basically, as I said, getting more counters where 
our products are placed, getting the right displays in, ensuring that there is a promoter out there 
who is retailing our products and things like that.  
So I think there is no substitute to that. No matter how many players are there, if you get all those 
acts right, then you will do well. So we do not comment on what others are doing and things like 
that. But we believe that, yes, in a multiplayer market, we should get our rightful share. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So your comment -- you will go to 10% by when, sir? And what would be our current market 
share? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: It will be -- as I said, market share, I can't give you a number. But yes, 7% to 10% is what our 
aspiration is. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So how many years it will take, sir, for that? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: I wish I could tell you that. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Second question -- but you are confident that you are seeing AC segment growing above the 
market growth? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Second question is on the -- no, I was asking that you are confident that our AC growth can be 
above the market growth. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, that's right. 
Vivek Kumar: 
And second question is on the cost. There is a limit to the extent we can cut cost. So if you can 
explain us at what point we will be forced to increase the prices even -- like is there a point where 
this keeps increasing? And do you think competition also will be forced? Or we have -- industry 
has not reached the point? 
 
How should -- we are not as competitive in cost with respect to our competition. So we will lose 
out the moment we start increasing prices. How should we look at this, price increase, losing 
sales to competition because they are more cost competitive than us? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: No. So if you look at cost, there will always be opportunities to debottleneck and look at your 
processes and make it tighter and things like that. So there are definitely -- I don't think we can 
ever say that we are at 100% of optimal cost kind of a thing. There will always be opportunities 
for -- we, as a company, have said that we would not reduce cost at the cost of quality or customer 
experience. So we are not diluting our product. 
 
We continue to maintain the high standards that IFB is well known for. We will not dilute that. 
And therefore, all our cost initiatives are to ensure that whatever debottlenecking or 
inefficiencies or leakages that are there, how do we work on that. And that, I believe, is a constant 
process. Even when you look at your manufacturing processes, there are more and more 
technologies that are coming in. 
 
So with the same capacity, how can you deliver more? These are activities that we will continue 
to invest in. So answering your question, cost -- I'm saying that we will continue to look at how 
is it that we can take that extra bit out of efficiencies being built. As far as prices are concerned, 
we were not -- we could not pass on the entire thing. However, that has not stopped us from 
increasing our prices. 
 
We have taken price increases in the last quarter across all our categories. It is not enough to 
cover the commodity and ForEx, but wherever there's an opportunity, we have been able to take 
that. In certain cases, we have decided to lead that also and take a price increase even if the 
market is not taking that kind of a price increase. So we have taken some bold steps wherever it 
is required. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So you don't see -- because if this continues, the whole industry will be forced to pass on the 
price, right? No, nothing like that would happen. It would be. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: No, I'm not too sure about others, but we don't want to be competitively disadvantaged. And 
therefore, we'll have to constantly watch it. However, the good thing is that when all these things 
happen, you are forced to look inwards also and say that what is it that you can do? And that is 
also making us work doubly on relooking at our processes and bringing in efficiencies. So while 
cost is negative, but it is also giving us an opportunity to look at all our processes with a 
magnifying glass and try and see whether there is any opportunity of improving efficiencies and 
cutting down our leakages. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Vivek Kumar: 
So at least we can see same margins maintained, sir, because the sales growth rate is more or less 
-- you're saying we can maintain so the better or same margins at EBITDA level we can maintain 
in the next few quarters? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes. So a lot of it depends on the revenue growth. So that becomes important. If you look at our 
gross margin, our gross margin came down. But if you look at the absolute value, it went up 
because of the revenue growth. 
 
But as a percentage, our gross margin came down. However, because of the other initiatives that 
are there, we have been able to keep the PBDIT at a slightly better level than what we were last 
year. And so I think a lot of it will depend upon the kind of revenue growth that we are able to 
bring in. 
Vivek Kumar: 
But currently, we are running at the same rate, at least till date? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: PBDIT? 
Vivek Kumar: 
No, no. On the sales growth, at least currently, we are doing well. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: 18% we have grown in Q1. 
Vivek Kumar: 
And those -- that trend is continuing like in this quarter, mostly. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, yes. If you look at it last year, we grew the entire year of last year, we grew only by about 
9.8%, 10%. Against that, we are currently growing at 18% and July has also been good. 
Vivek Kumar: 
Got it. Sir, second is on the question. Engineering department has a target to reach INR2,000 
crores, which requires around 20%, 25% growth. So it's a high confidence, we have a very high 
confidence of reaching it over the next 3, 4 years, sir? 
Arup Das: 
This is Arup Das. I will take your question. It's a two-pronged attack. One is from our existing 
business growing at 20% or in that range. That is one. The other is on increase by capex, we are 
investing in Stamping capacity enhancement in Gujarat, in Gurgaon and in Bangalore. So in 
these 3 places, we -- as you might be knowing, we have acquired land in Gujarat for EV project 
and Stamping project. So parallelly, we are discussing with customers for new businesses 
because we want project and the business should be aligned. It cannot happen. We have the 
project ready, don't have the business. 
 
It doesn't make a business sense. So we are thinking both together in a manner that the business 
we are targeting around INR1,000 crores with a capex -- overall capex for the Stamping division 
around INR400 crores. So that takes us because we are presently in the region of INR1,000, 
INR1,100 crores. So what we you talking of the number should be reachable if all things fall in 
place and we get the businesses, we invest in the thing. So it should fall in place. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So you already acquired the land and you're saying that the plant is not built till the business -- 
like can we understand. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Arup Das: 
We already have a business from the battery, as I told to the earlier speaker that we want -- we 
have the business in hand. But after yesterday's development, we are relooking into it. It was a 
go ahead. But seeing what Tata Sons takes decision on the battery project, we are closely 
watching, interacting with them and then take a decision. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So the INR2,000 crores is contingent upon this project being successful. 
Arup Das: 
This is -- if it doesn't happen also, there are other projects aligned, which we are scouting for. So 
growth story will continue. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So 20% growth of INR1,000 crores will continue. But from where it will come is what you are 
saying is not. 
Arup Das: 
No where it is -- yes, we already have a visibility of businesses from the OEMs. We are close to 
closing in businesses, which is around INR250 crores plus already. So to auger this capex, we 
must have at least INR1,000 crores. So we are working in that direction. Hopefully, we will be 
able to achieve that in due course of time. 
Vivek Kumar: 
So 20% growth, you are very confident over the next 2, 3 years? 
Arup Das: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naitik Mutha from NV Alpha Fund.  
Naitik Mutha: 
Sir, my question [inaudible 0:38:58] 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Naitik, your voice is not clear. We'll take the next participant. The next 
question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan KG, Tunga Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Question is related to the Services business. Just wanted to understand what has been the growth 
in the Services business for us in general for this quarter, Q1 when compared to the Q1 of last 
year. The second question on the Services business is that does the Service business that is 
mentioned in the annual report, does it include the services for the refrigerator business as well? 
And the third question is that in the Services business in general, what is the unit of profitability? 
And what kind of profitability is there in the Services business? This is first on the Services 
business. So 3 questions. 
Amar Singh Negi: 
On the services, we have 3 products. One is the Essentials sales and then we have Accessory 
sales and the service products we have. And we have -- we are growing a good percentage in 
terms of this, and we have almost around a growth of around 17%. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
This quarter, okay? 
Amar Singh Negi: 
Yes. Yes, yes. Last quarter, we have. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Okay. And whether it includes services for refrigerator also comes in the annual report or is it 
done outside? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Amar Singh Negi: 
Yes. It's also -- we also do the services for refrigerator, correct. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Okay. Okay. So is it 100% captured in this balance sheet or it is some proportionately? I mean 
how is it captured? 
Amar Singh Negi: 
No, it is 100%. It is captured 100%. It's on approval basis. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
And in general, what is the -- I mean, what kind of profitability the Services business could be, 
sir? What range of profitability -- I mean, at a PBT level or so? 
Amar Singh Negi: 
See, that's -- because we have a -- it's a profitable business for us. But I think I can't disclose the 
number because it's part of HAD-- we only disclose the entire company -- is a part of the entire 
IFB. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Is it in double digits or single digits, sir, at a PBT level? That's the only question I have. Is it 
double digit or single digit? 
Amar Singh Negi: 
It's a double digit. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, and second and coming to the margins, sir, if you look at the margins, there are 
3 levels, right? One is the gross margin. Second is the contribution margin, which is all your 
direct cost or the variable costs are there. 
 
And then comes the fixed cost, right? So if you just look at the 3 levels. Now among the 3, where 
have we kind of -- the cost journey which we are in, where we have actually clawed back to our 
aspiration level? Is it at the gross margin level or at the contribution margin level or at the 
lowering of the fixed cost? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So when you look at it, as I've been mentioning, our gross margin is down because of the material 
cost increase. So when you look at it, our gross margin is down by about 160 basis points because 
of the material cost increase. However, as a percentage, when you look at it because of the good 
revenue growth, all of the lines, when you look at it as a percentage, it is lower than lower last 
year, while absolute value might be a bit this way, that way. But as a percentage, because we 
have got a good 18 percentage growth in revenue and a lot of the other lines, even if there is an 
increase, it has not increased at that kind of level. And therefore, as a percentage to net revenue, 
a lot of the lines are showing a decline. 
 
And therefore, when you look at the PBT level, last year, we were at about 4-odd percentage. 
We are now at about 4.5-odd percentage that is it. So from that point of view, while BOM and 
cost in commodity and all slightly out of our, so we have been working all the other lines and 
not always a reduction, but as a percentage, it is coming down. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
And you mentioned in the earlier calls that you are working towards increasing the cost. One is 
rationalization of SKUs, which you have actually achieved significantly in this quarter and also 
pricing. Now -- and then -- so the entire cost program, which you are in, that is to do with the 
variable cost outside the material cost or it includes the material cost also? 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Cost has got all elements of it. But if you look at rationalization, more than a cost benefit, it is to 
try and simplify the portfolio. For example, in a front loader, we had some 55, 57 models and 
what we have done is we have been able to bring it down to about 24, 25. So it reduces the 
complications at the counter. There are lesser models that need to be briefed, inventory becomes 
manageable, manufacturing becomes easier and things like that. 
 
So -- and you have an opportunity to look at within a particular category, picking up the models 
which are better in gross margin and things like that. So all those things we have done. So it is 
more than a cost -- I wouldn't say it's a cost initiative. It is a simplification thing that we felt that 
we didn't need that many number of models. For example, in the washer, we may have close to 
about 9,500 different SKUs. 
 
That's almost half now. And therefore, a lot of those complications which are there in the market 
has got simplified. The added benefit is manufacturing, the changeover time comes down, the 
raw material becomes easier, the inventory becomes easier to manage. So all those benefits flow 
in. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Got it. And in general, what is the comfortable margin you aspire to have, whether you talk about 
PBT level or what -- whichever level you like to do on the Home Appliances business? And how 
far you think we are in the journey? I mean, because we are actually clocking somewhere 
between 1% to 2.5% thereabouts, right? So it being a little volatile. So just want to check what 
is the aspiration for the business and how far we are -- let's say that it's all the commodity and 
everything is behind us. I just want to understand that. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So I'm saying that let's look at the gross margin itself. Currently, when you look at it, our gross 
margin is down by, as I said, 160 basis points when compared to last year. So if BOM costs are 
able to come down, then there is that 1.6 percentage which is straightaway can get into the P&L. 
So there are multiple of those lines that are there. So I wouldn't be able to comment on what 
would be a comfortable level. But obviously, the current PBDITs and all needs to be better. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
No. I mean if I just -- I mean, I think you have been with MRF and MRF always enjoys the 
highest margins, right? And if you look at IFB, we have a lot of things to claw back compared 
to an LG or a Whirlpool or others, right? So in general, what is the band I think -- I mean, I'm 
not asking for an outlook, but what is that the organization is geared up for? Is it like -- I mean, 
higher margin is always better, but what is the achievable one? Is it like 3%, 4%, 5%, some kind 
of numbers? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So PBDIT should be early double digit in my opinion. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Got it. Okay. Sir, moving on to your Engineering business, right, so in Q1 '26 -- in Q1 last year, 
it was mentioned as INR186 crores. But in the current PPT, it is actually showing INR176 crores 
on the Fine Blanking business. So I just want to understand whether to take INR176 crores or 
INR186 crores for the Fine Blanking of Q1 '26. 
Rajeev Mundhra: 
This is Rajeev Mundhra. Can you please repeat your question? We are talking about Q1. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Yes, yes. So if you look at this quarter's presentation and look at last year's August presentation, 
which is, I think August '25 presentation, in that Q1 '26 was mentioned as INR185 crores. 
Whereas this year, the same number has been mentioned as INR176 crores. So I just want to 
understand whether there has been some change in the base. 
Rajeev Mundhra: 
This number you're talking about is PBDIT for Q1? 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
No, no. It is revenues of Fine Blanking. To be precise, I'm referring to the Page 25 of. 
Rajeev Mundhra: 
Okay. So we will look into it and we'll come back to you separately on this, please. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Okay. Sir, and on the Steel business, right, in the last 10 quarters -- you can hear me. So on the 
Steel business, sir, if I look at the last 10 quarters, this quarter has been a loss-making quarter. 
So can you just help me understand why it was a loss-making quarter this quarter? And what are 
you trying to do to improve the performance on the Steel division? 
Rajeev Mundhra: 
Yes. This is Rajeev. I will take this question. The loss is due to the increase in raw material 
prices. If you see the commodity price, which is the steel, which has increased in the last 6 
months. 
 
In this current quarter itself, the prices have increased by around INR4,125 per metric ton. So 
that is the way the industry works is like that this price increase gets passed on to the customers 
from the next quarter onwards. So it is like this, the industry works. So we expect this price 
increase to be recovered from customers in the coming quarters. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Okay. What kind of capital efficiency you aspire in Steel division, sir, in terms of ROCE because 
rest of the business, we have a strong ROCE. So what is the plan for this division? 
Rajeev Mundhra: 
So here also the ROCE is in the similar line what we have in other divisions, which is somewhere 
around 20-odd percentages. That's how we continue to look into this business. 
Lakshminarayanan KG: 
Got it, sir. And lastly, on the Motor division, can you just help me understand, there also, we 
have been -- I think there was a little bit of profitability. And again, there I see loss. So is it more 
a timing issue or is it also material-related loss in the Motor division? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Mr. Lakshminarayanan, Soumitra here. Regarding Motor division, we will be coming back to 
you separately. You can take this question to us offline, maybe on Monday because there is no 
representative today from Motor division in this call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun from Equitree Capital. 
Varun: 
Sir, I just wanted one clarification on the IFB refrigeration revenue growth this quarter because 
you have mentioned 2% in one of the slides, and you have mentioned 14% in other slide. So just 
wanted to know how much was the growth in this segment? 
Soumitra Goswami: 
Mr. Abraham, 14% growth is in IFB Industries, right? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Yes, yes, that's right. That's right. 14% volume growth in IFB Industry. 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Soumitra Goswami: 
2% growth is in the company, but we will not discuss about IFB Refrigeration Company here in 
this call.  We have already discussed this earlier to other speakers. 
Varun: 
And could you throw some light on what is the battery project? Is it lithium-ion battery which is 
on hold currently? But if you could give some details? 
Arup Das: 
Yes. This is that we cannot disclose now because confidentiality is there. Related to the project, 
we got the LOI, but you might have seen in the newspaper that Tata Sons have taken some 
decision not to support the battery business. We are in active discussion with the management 
of Tata Agratas to understand whether they are going ahead with the project or not. But from our 
side, we were okay with the project, and we had acquired land both for the battery as well as for 
the Stamping. So, we have to hold a little as far as this project is concerned. Actually, this is the 
first time in India, this sort of project is being undertaken. So let's see how things pan out. 
Varun: 
Understood. And what would be the capex for the full year? 
Arup Das: 
The capex is about INR110 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line Shreyans Jain of Svan Investment. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Sir, my first question is, can you help us understand what was the volume growth in front-load 
washing machines for us this quarter? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Front-load was about 9 to 10 percentage. 
Shreyans Jain: 
9% to 10%. And ACs and top load, sir? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: Top load was much higher. 
C.S. Govindaraj: 
Top load was close to in excess of 20 percentage and AC was about 6 to 8 percentage. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Got it. Sir, my second question is we spent about INR1,800-odd crores on trade schemes and 
discounts. This number looks obnoxiously high versus other durable players. So what are we 
doing here? And why is this number so high, sir? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So trade scheme, actually, a lot of it is this is how the industry works because at the end of the 
day, a lot of the -- so I'm not too sure whether we are completely off when it comes to that. 
However, as you said, that's a number that we have to closely look at. We don't want to do 
anything which is detrimental. But at the same time, if there's any opportunity of plugging some 
leakages, we definitely like to look at it and bring in efficiencies in what we are expecting. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Okay. And sir, last few quarters, Mr. Nag was guiding for, say, about INR150 crores to INR200 
crores of cost savings. I think somewhere in the call, you mentioned INR120 crores to INR150 
crores. So one part of the question is, are we like lowering our cost saving guidance from, say, 
INR200 crores to INR150 crores? 
 
And the second bit is, sir, now across product categories, you are reducing your SKUs as well, 
right? So shouldn't that lead to incremental benefits on, say, COGS or and even lower the fixed 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
cost side. So when you also do the product SKU rationalization, shouldn't that also lead to 
additional cost savings that should come through to you? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: It should. It should. So if you look at our cost initiatives, last year, full year, we got about INR67-
odd crores. We are getting about INR42 crores in Q1. So both put together, we are at, say, 
INR112 crores, INR115 crores we have already got. 
 
So we will continue to look at that. INR120 crores to INR150 crores is what we are looking at 
for the year. We already got INR67 crores last year. And so that way, if you look at it, INR67 
crores last year and about, say, INR120 crores to INR150 crores that is there. As you rightly said, 
we are constantly looking at newer ideas to bring out this thing. 
 
And that's something that we'll continue to work on. So there are new ideas that are coming in. 
It goes through a process. And then after careful screening, we decide whether it can be 
productionalized or not. So the team constantly works on ideas. 
 
If you look at the value of the ideas, it is significantly higher. But then some of those ideas don't 
go through our team and we say that some of these ideas are not -- doesn't help us as far as our 
consumer benefits are concerned. So a lot of those ideas get killed. So we constantly work on 
developing new ideas. It goes through a complete process of seeing whether we can actually go 
ahead with it before it is productionalized. 
Shreyans Jain: 
Got it. And sir, last question is, previous participant asked this as well. Your ref sales -- IFB 
refrigeration sales are up 14%, but IFB associate sales are up only 2%. So is it a fair 
understanding that this incremental 12% is what inventory you would already have in IFB 
Industries, and that's how you were able to sell more?  
Because ideally, I would have thought 14% sales growth here would also mean 14% sales growth 
in IFB refrigeration. So where is the disconnect, sir? I mean, 14% and 2%. So were you sitting 
on ref inventory earlier, which you were able to sell in this quarter? 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: I don't know about IFB refrigeration, I don't -- I can't comment on that. But when I'm talking of 
IFB Industry, the volume growth is 14%. I don't know -- Soumitra would be able to comment on 
the IFB ref. 
Soumitra Goswami: 
I will not comment anything on the IFB refrigeration company as a whole. But whatever 
refrigerators IFB branches have sold in the market, and by virtue of that, we have received 14% 
growth and their company growth is 2%, that is separately to be seen because it cannot be linked 
because there are branches of IFB refrigeration also. Maybe they have sold lesser number as 
compared to IFB Industry branches.  
Moderator: 
We take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. 
Sandeep Joseph Abraham: So Sandeep here. So as I said last time, it's wonderful to be able to attend this investor call and 
answer the questions that you've got. It gives a genuine feeling that the kind of questions that are 
coming. It makes us that we have a set of investors who are genuinely concerned about our 

 
 
IFB Industries Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
performance. I hope with that 18 percentage growth that we have shown in quarter 1, we are 
close to what we are saying that we will grow at 20%. 
 
So we will continue to put our efforts out there. We welcome your questions. We look forward 
to these investor calls. We welcome your questions. That makes us also look inwards and makes 
us nimbler and look out for more opportunities. So we really welcome these questions, and we 
look forward to the next quarter. We hope to be able to present to you equally exciting numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
