Nestlé India Limited 
(CIN: L15202DL1959PLC003786)                                                                                                                                              
Nestlé House 
Jacaranda Marg 
‘M’ Block, DLF City, Phase – II 
Gurugram – 122002, Haryana 
Phone: 0124 - 3940000 
E-mail: investor@in.nestle.com 
Website: www.nestle.in 
 
Regd. Office: 100 / 101, World Trade Centre, Barakhamba Lane, New Delhi – 110 001 
 
 
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500790 
PKR:SG: 38:2026-27                                             7th August 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: NESTLEIND 
 
Subject: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”): Transcript of analyst and institutional investors meet (virtual) held on
4th August 2026 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
Further to our letter PKR:SG: 33:2026-27 dated 23rd July 2026 and PKR:SG: 36:2026-27 and PKR:SG: 37:2026-27 
both dated and 4th August 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed transcript of analyst and institutional investors meet held virtually on 4th August 
2026. The same is being uploaded on the Company’s website at https://www.nestle.in/investors/analystsmeet. 
 
The above is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
 
NESTLÉ INDIA LIMITED 
 
PRAMOD KUMAR RAI  
 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
PRAMOD 
KUMAR RAI
Digitally signed by 
PRAMOD KUMAR RAI 
Date: 2026.08.07 17:12:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
Nestlé India Limited  
Analyst and Institutional Investor Meet 
 
August 4, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                         
                                         
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Manish Tiwary - Chairman & Managing Director 
Mr. Edouard Mac Nab - Executive Director - Finance 
& Control and Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Rachit Chaudhary – Head, FP&A & Investor 
Relations 
Ms. Sarah Bhambre – Senior Manager - Investor 
Relations 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 24 
Sarah Bhambre: 
Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to Nestlé India's Analyst and Institutional 
Investor Meet 2026. We are delighted to have you with us today and sincerely appreciate 
your time and participation. My name is Sarah Bhambre, and I am part of the Investor 
Relations team. Joining me today are members of Nestlé India's Management team, Mr. 
Manish Tiwary, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Edouard Mac Nab, Executive 
Director - Finance & Control and Chief Financial Officer. We also have Mr. Rachit 
Chaudhary, Head, FP&A and Investor Relations. Before we commence, I would like to draw 
your attention to the disclaimer slide. Thank you. It is now my pleasure to invite Mr. Manish 
Tiwary to deliver his presentation themed, Consumer First, Brand Strong, Future Ready. Over 
to you, Mr. Tiwary. 
Manish Tiwary: 
Thank you. Thank you so much, Sarah. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today 
afternoon. It is a pleasure to be able to share how we see our performance over the last one 
year and more importantly, how we see the path forward. What I would be doing today is 
spending the next 30 to 40 minutes on the growth journey, the way we see the opportunity in 
this country, and some of the key focus areas and takeaways, and then happy to take some 
questions post that. In Nestlé, whenever before we start and get into the business end of 
things, I always tell people that it is important to keep ourselves anchored on the purpose 
behind, which has guided Nestlé for the last 160 years globally and for the last close to 115 
years, all of us in India. The story behind this Company began in 1867 when Henri Nestlé 
developed Farine Lactée. This was an infant cereal designed to help working mothers to take 
care of their and to take nourishment to their babies. And this really helped reduce infant 
mortality at that period of time. This simple invention was rooted in a very, very powerful 
belief for everyone in Nestlé, which is good nutrition has the power to improve lives. And 
over the last 160 years, we have evolved from a single product nutrition Company into one 
of the world's leading food and beverage companies. But the one thing which has remained 
the same is the purpose. The purpose behind Nestlé has remained unchanged. And I always 
feel it is an important point to start any business presentation, because that is what we are 
anchored around at Nestlé India. 
 
I would start with the growth journey. Before getting on to the numbers, it is important to 
remind ourselves, we have been around for the last close to 115 years now, and we are truly 
a ‘Make in India’ company. We manufacture most of our products in the country ourselves, 
and we source close to 96% of our ingredients from India. Over the years, the presence of 
Nestlé in this country has grown. We have close to 8,500 employees today and consumers 
can reach out to six million touch points and buy some of their loved brands. And one of the 
greatest things, which is quite unique about Nestlé in India is, along with the trust, which we 
built with the consumers, with our partners, with our customers, there is also a very important 
stakeholder, the trust we built with our investors. Today, we have a family of over 500,000 
shareholders and many of them have remained invested in this Company across generations. 
Even today when I am traveling, I take flights, very often I run into people who tell me about 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 24 
their association with Nestlé about how their parents or grandparents bought Nestlé India 
share decades ago, and the wealth, which got created through that investment decades ago 
has gone on to fund children's education, support marriages, and really help build the family 
legacy. To me and to all of us at Nestlé, that is the true meaning of long-term value creation. 
At the core of what we do is the brands we love, and the brands which millions and millions 
of Indians have loved across generations. Today, if you look at our business, two out of three 
households in this country interact and engage with our brands. So, when you get up in the 
morning, the chances are very bright that you would start your day with a cup of NESCAFÉ, 
enjoy your favorite MAGGI, and then, of course, take a KITKAT break. All of us have such 
fond memories about childhood consumption of MILKMAID. And in the recent past, we 
have now entered some new segments. We are one of the leading players in terms of pet 
nutrition across the world, and very proud to share that Nestlé India is very active both in the 
dog and the cat nutrition space. And of course, we have an out-of-home business, which 
ensures that not only do consumers get to enjoy some of our brands at home, even when you 
are outside home, you interact with the multiple points of presence which we have. And this 
business serves close to 535 million customers outside home. So, a very, very impactful 
presence across the country and yes, some of these loved brands have resulted in the business 
performing really, really strongly. I mean, if you look at the trajectory over the last five years, 
as a company, we have always delivered double-digit growth. It has been a very, very resilient 
growth across the years. And the great thing about this is it is not only the resilience, it is 
actually the acceleration which we are now witnessing over the last few quarters. I think this 
consistent performance is the result of the brands which are referred to, the strength of these 
brands. It is a result of some great disciplined execution and the result of the entire 
organization's ability to capture some of the new growth opportunities, which are popping up 
across the consumer segment. 
 
The great thing about growth is not just that the value growth, it has been underpinned by a 
very, very steady recovery in volumes. And that is very, very important because it means 
more and more consumers are getting a chance to engage with our brands. We have seen the 
momentum build progressively. So if you look at the last five years, we were getting a CAGR 
of close to 4.2% volume growth. But what has been really heartening is if you look at the last 
few quarters, we moved into double-digit volume growth consistently. And this volume 
growth improvement reinforces that our growth is broad based. It is volume led, which is 
very, very critical, especially in a country with such low penetration. And it is supported by 
the super strong brands we have, the distribution width we have created, and of course, 
continuing to win consumer preference. And that is the story of our growth, which is volume-
led growth accelerating in the last four to five quarters. And this, of course, has resulted in 
acceleration in our penetration. If you look at some of the numbers, these are the household 
penetrations. You can see the trajectory being upwards, be it MAGGI, be it NESCAFÉ or 
KITKAT. But what I want to draw your opportunity is if you look at the actual penetration 
numbers, they are still in the mid-50s across. And that clearly indicates that there is a 
significant headroom. Remember, all these numbers which I am sharing with you, these are 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 24 
annual penetration numbers. Basically, 50% of houses are right now enjoying the MAGGI in 
a year. And that clearly indicates while that growth has been there, driven by volumes, there 
is sizable white space that remains across our current categories. 
 
And as I take you through this presentation, I will dwell a lot on driving penetration, driving 
innovation, driving premiumization, and continue to invest strongly behind our brands. That 
is what our growth hypothesis is based on. This drive in penetration, we can also see very 
clearly happening in rural. If you look at the distribution coverage, it is one of the things all 
of us at Nestlé are really proud about. In 2021, we had around 13,500 distribution points. 
These are typical distributor points. There are various names we use, like CD, RD, depending 
on the population they serve, whether it is urban, rural, semi-rural. But our distribution points 
have gone up by close to four times. And as a result of that, if you look at our total village 
coverage, it has shot up. It is very, very important. We are a foods business, and we want to 
keep a direct control over the distribution channel to ensure the freshest products reach our 
consumers. And which is why, whenever we drive distribution, a large chunk of it is driven 
by direct distribution, something which we are very focused to ensure high quality products 
with the right shelf life reach all our consumers. And this has clearly resulted in the gain 
which we are getting in distribution overall, which is urban plus rural. Over the last five years, 
we have added close to 500,000 retail outlets. This is the reporting as per AC Nielsen. What 
is also really heartening is when we compare our outlet addition we have very clearly had the 
highest ever expansion in terms of outlet reach across our peer group. That clearly shows that 
today more and more consumers across the country can access our brands. A wider reach 
basically means greater availability, stronger visibility for our products and more 
opportunities to drive penetration, recruit new consumers. And that is why we are so excited 
about the continued improvement we have had in our distribution width and backed by bulk 
of it being direct distribution, not through indirect channels like wholesale. 
 
And while we are very excited about rural, there is, of course, the emerging opportunity, 
which is e-commerce and q-commerce. And very clearly, if you see that growth in this 
channel has been well ahead of the overall market growth, which these customers, these 
partners are experiencing. I think there is something really great which is happening in the 
consumption story because of this channel. These channels are not just about overall 
consumption, but it is about acquiring new customers, more importantly, premiumizing our 
portfolio, and then of course, driving rapid innovation using this channel. You know, the 
teams have worked very, very well with these channel partners to become, to make these e-
commerce and q-commerce sites, almost a launch pad for innovation. And even beyond 
innovation, we are working with these partners for fit-for-purpose portfolios. So, for example, 
if you see that MAGGI Bowl, which was an iconic innovation we did with one of the q-
commerce partners, the Vietnamese Latte launch, a lot of new launches will start with these 
partners. And I think what it is helping us is to deliver targeted activation, drive consumption 
occasions, and of course, we are even getting onto off-platform collaborations with them. I 
think together with our partners in q-commerce and e-commerce, these capabilities are 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 24 
helping us scale faster in urban markets, drive our innovations faster, and premiumize much 
faster. So, a very, very significant role. And now when you think of it, it is now showing up 
in our premiumization drive. If you look at our premium portfolio, the contribution has grown 
rapidly from 11% to 14%. More importantly, the growth in this part of the portfolio is well, 
well ahead of our overall growth. So, the premium part is growing by close to 500 bps ahead 
of overall growth. 
 
And I want to bring your attention to some of these innovations. I mean, if you look at the 
NESCAFÉ Can, which is there, the NESCAFÉ Roastery. This is really high class, specialty 
coffee, barista crafted beverages. And it really drives that immersive brand experiences we 
want. You look at KITKAT Delight, again one of our most successful premiumization efforts, 
and it has already become a very, very big success, especially with the Gen Z kind of 
consumers. If you look at Pro Plan, Pro Plan is a really scientifically designed advanced 
nutrition range. We just launched it for cats, and it has some really specialized solutions which 
pet parents really care about, for example, in terms of urinary care, hair fall control. These 
products have great science backing them up and they address some of the most common and 
growing needs of our pets. So, across the portfolio, backed with some great innovation, 
backed with science and R&D, we are very happy to report our premiumization drive has 
done well over the last few years and continue to accelerate, especially with some of our 
channel partners providing the right platform like q-commerce and e -commerce.  
 
Overall, when we look back, I always keep on saying, a business is like a flywheel. Once the 
right ingredients come together, the flywheel picks momentum and starts moving faster and 
faster. We are experiencing that. We are very, very delighted with the way our value creation 
journey continues. It has consistently delivered, but more importantly, this growth model is 
sustainable. As you saw through some of our numbers, our performance is not the result of 
one single initiative. It is the outcome of what I call very, very disciplined and running a 
model, which is well proven. And what do we do? To put it simply, invest behind our brands, 
strengthen the customer and the consumer trust, expand our distribution, and this results in 
higher sales growth, better profitability, because we are driving volume-led growth. And as 
a result, we have a stronger cash generation. This cash again gets reinvested behind our brands 
or behind creating capacity. And that is the value creation. That is the flywheel I am talking 
about. 
 
When you sit back and look at this disciplined approach, it is translated into superior 
shareholder returns for all our 500,000 plus shareholders with a TSR of over 15% in the last 
one year. I strongly believe the fundamentals of our business have never been stronger. And 
with the significant growth opportunities which I referred to in terms of penetration, in terms 
of premiumization, we remain confident in our ability to continue to create sustainable long-
term value for all our shareholders.  

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
I think it is important as we talk about the Company to take a step back and look at some of 
the opportunities India provides us with. It is a matter of great pride for us that India is a 
priority market for Nestlé worldwide. And it has always been classified as a strong growth 
driver for the group. In a very recent interaction, and I am sure some of you would have read 
about that, our Global CEO, Philipp, he actually called out India and said that India has 
delivered a very, very strong performance, crediting the region's momentum, India's 
momentum to disciplined execution on product innovation, availability and support. It is also 
a matter of great pride for us that India, it has always been the largest market for MAGGI 
worldwide and now is also the largest market for KITKAT globally. So, India clearly 
occupies a place of great importance for Nestlé worldwide. 
 
And more importantly, when you think of India’s opportunity, it just comes alive. India's 
consumption story is very, very clearly entering a new phase, the rapidly expanding middle 
and affluent consumer base, it really creates some very, very exciting opportunities across 
those tiers. I mean, by 2034, the number of affluent and aspiring households is going to 
increase significantly. And therefore, the share of the consumption, their expenditure will 
continue to rise. We believe Nestlé, we are positioned very uniquely to capture this 
opportunity. Our portfolio spans across the entire income segments and I will talk a little 
more about it in the slides to come. And therefore, our growth story is therefore not just about 
gaining share, it is about growing alongside India's evolving consumer and wherever they are 
on their consumption journey we believe we have the innovations and the brand to actually 
engage with them. 
 
Let me shift and talk about some of the key focus areas which we believe given where we 
have come from, some of the performance I spoke about, and the India opportunity, which 
all of us believe are important for the business as we go forward. The first and something 
which is very, very close to all of us, the growth has to be led by volume. That is a very 
important thing. Given the low penetration, we believe there is a chance for more and more 
Indians to engage with our brands. And then, of course, at the same time, there is a massive 
premiumization opportunity. Second, we have to optimize across the value chain to make 
sure we save every rupee so that we can invest it behind, delighting our customers and 
consumers. As we enter into this growth phase, we also realize our brands need investment, 
two kinds of investment. One is, of course, to support the communication and the innovation, 
and then also to scale up capacity because bulk of our growth, which has happened over the 
last two years, is volume led. 
 
Now, to drive the top three, there are a couple of things which are very, very important. And 
I think one of the most important things which has really helped us leverage and deliver the 
kind of results we have been talking about is how to use technology. We strongly at Nestlé 
believe that technology can be the force multiplier as we enter into this growth phase. So, all 
of this put together and a disciplined capital deployment model and margin management, I 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 24 
believe these are the things underpinned with awesome execution, which we feel can lead 
Nestlé India to the next level of growth.  
 
Let me start with, I spoke about it a couple of times, about the growth opportunity. And I 
spoke about penetration and premiumization. If I can just draw your attention to the left hand, 
the blue bars, it shows the penetration of noodles, and MAGGI is a large player in that market, 
vis-a-vis some of the other categories like biscuits or salty snacks. And when you look at the 
numbers, what it shows you very clearly that compared to biscuits, for example, which have 
close to 100% monthly penetration, noodles is one third of that. So, while we are very, very 
proud about what MAGGI stands for, the fact that, it spent 50 years in India, it is the most 
trusted noodle brand, we still believe that with a brand as strong as MAGGI, with the right 
innovation and investment, there is a lot of headroom to recruit new consumers, to drive 
innovations across format and which is why we are so excited. We have the brands which 
have this really, really strong positioning in the mind of the Indian consumer and we have the 
opportunity to grow when we compare noodles to a salty snacks or a biscuits category and 
this is true across. 
 
So, if you move to coffee, a few decades back, minus south we would say India is a tea market 
that is shifting, that is shifting rapidly, and I am sure all of you encounter it. You go to any 
office, and when you ask the machine operators, and we are one of the large machine 
operators in this country, the consumption is almost 50:50, 50% coffee consumption, 50% 
tea. At Nestlé India, we are not just growing our coffee business, we are actively shaping 
India’s coffee culture and how are we doing it? Through the right consumer campaigns, 
through affordable entry packs, premium offerings, and creating new consumption occasions 
and that is the role of a category captain. That is what NESCAFÉ is driving in India and if 
you look at it, it has delivered some great results. Last quarter, NESCAFÉ recorded its 20th 
consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, so clearly shows a market shifting from tea to 
coffee and NESCAFÉ playing the role of the lead brand in this space and it is clearly a 
reflection of the strength of this brand and the innovation, which has gone behind and of 
course, I keep on saying it, the consistent execution across brands and channels. If you look 
at, I am sure a lot of you would have seen the “Bana Apni Duniya” campaign it is an example 
of how we are elevating the NESCAFÉ experience, the brand experience far beyond just 
functional coffee, and making it an aspirational lifestyle proposition. As coffee consumption 
continues to evolve in India, we believe our brand NESCAFÉ is in a unique position to sort 
of capture this growth opportunity.  
 
The same is true for confectionery. KITKAT, it is a matter of pride now that India is the 
largest KITKAT market globally for Nestlé, at the same time, we are super excited about 
what this brand can achieve. If you look at the penetration numbers, the purchase locations, 
the market share, it clearly tells you that this brand should be growing rapidly and what the 
team has done in terms of innovation and brand building, this entire idea of a KITKAT break 
really, really vibes with the Gen Z, with everyone who works in office, the “Break the Loop” 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 24 
campaign, I am sure some of you would have encountered this campaign, which KITKAT 
did with Spotify, it was almost to give consumers a lighthearted, relatable reason to pause 
their day and enjoy that KITKAT. So, some of the best campaigns, this is a brand which has 
won various communication awards. For example, the recent series with a globally popular 
anime, The One Piece, to launch an exciting collaboration. It is one of our most viral 
campaigns and it has now fans across the country. So clearly, KITKAT has the momentum 
and the opportunity to grow rapidly and within all these categories, the thing which stands 
out is not just low penetration it is also premiumization. Clearly, while we have done well, 
we believe there is a lot of headroom for premium food and beverage categories and we are 
positioned really, really well to capitalize on this, supported by some really strong brands, 
supported by some innovation. 
 
If you look at one of our most premium entries NESPRESSO in the last one year we have 
expanded, we now have four boutique stores in three cities, and we are seeing great traction 
on NESPRESSO across the country. If you just take a look at coffee as an example, and if 
you look at our portfolio, I spoke about affordable entry packs, I spoke about driving 
consumption occasions, I spoke about premiumization, I think this portfolio brings it alive 
beautifully. At the entry point, we have Rs.2 sachets as consumers want to explore coffee, it 
is a very easy access point, affordable access point for them. To drive multiple consumption 
occasions the reality is we now have Ice Roast, Black Roast, these are occasion-based to make 
cold coffee, espresso, and therefore we are driving that up and it keeps on getting laddered 
up. From Rs.2 to Rs.100 a pod for an espresso, the brand has the brand strength to cover the 
entire range of use cases, and this laddered portfolio, it allows us simultaneously to recruit 
new consumers, drive consumption and premiumize. So, which is what I said at the 
beginning, a portfolio gives us that opportunity and that ability to straddle across the entire 
price range and it just does not stop at the product and in-home consumption. 
 
If you look at the consumption occasions, one of the key things which is happening on the 
coffee space is cold. People are consuming cold coffee. One out of four coffee cups in 
summers is cold. By the way, even if you went to winters, it just changes to one out of five. 
Now think about the opportunity over there. We launched these machines, if you look at that 
machine with that red and blue, it is India’s first dispensing machine at scale. It is called the 
NESCAFÉ Duo Gusto it can dispense both hot and cold beverage and it is complemented by 
low or zero sugar options, so there is some major innovation happening in this space. The 
NESCAFÉ Ready to Drink, it has been one of our most successful launches and we are further 
strengthening it. We just launched the Vietnamese Latte, the iced cappuccino variants, you 
can clearly see that NESCAFÉ as a brand is at the forefront of this trend. So, whether it is 
Espresso hot, NESPRESSO capsules, the ability to take on the cold opportunity, we have a 
very, very holistic way to make sure we engage with the consumer at every possible touch 
point and more and more consumers, the number of occasions consumers are consuming food 
out of home is increasing quite rapidly. If you look at it, it is close to doubled in the last 
decade and this is something which all of us experience. When we go out, we have coffee, 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 24 
we have our favorite MAGGI, desserts, I am really, really proud about how the out-of-home 
business has developed. It is already the second largest out-of-home business for Nestlé in 
this part of the world, when I say this part of the world I am talking about Asia, Africa, and 
Oceania and when you walk into a Thai restaurant and have your green coconut curry, the 
chances are very bright that it is the Nestlé coconut milk powder, which is being used in that 
recipe. So, it is not about the product we actually train the chefs. When you have some of 
your favorite desserts, do not be surprised that MILKMAID would be a critical ingredient for 
that dessert. Similarly, on the beverage solution, I spoke about some of the innovations we 
are doing and we are very, very excited about how this opportunity is panning out and given 
our service plus brand strength we believe we are in a good place to sort of leverage and right 
on to this changing consumer habit of consuming more and more food and beverage outside. 
I think at the back of all these innovations, what really makes us stand out as a food and 
beverage player is the science. 
 
Innovation has always been at the heart of what we do, and we have one of the largest R&D 
organizations in the world in the food and beverage industry, close to 4,000 people working. 
We spent close to 1.6 billion Swiss francs behind research and the great thing is one of the 
most critical research centers is actually next to our office here in India, in Manesar and that 
gives us ability to borrow and leverage global research, and then marry it with what Indian 
consumers, South Asian consumers want. If you look at some of our businesses, the nutrition 
business is a good example, where we leverage the R&D, which happens globally, and some 
of the technological enhancements to offer some of the best products in India. For example, 
we just launched Nestlé NAN EXCELLAPRO with five HMOs and probiotics together. 
LACTOGEN got relaunched with probiotics and prebiotics and it is not just restricted to 
human food and nutrition. Goes on to our pet portfolio, pet food is Nestlé’s second largest 
business worldwide and we have a dedicated Purina PetCare Research Unit in the US. This 
world-class R&D facility we have leveraged that so that we can meet the need of pets and 
pets’ parents in India with specific formulations happening for this country. So, this business, 
which has been performing really well for us, what gives us confidence is the science which 
goes behind all these products and that is really, really critical for a Company, which is all 
about nutrition, be it humans or be it our pets. 
 
Now to drive all this, some of the innovations, some of the R&D strength we spoke about, 
what is really, really important is do we have the right cost structures? and I am really proud 
that one of the things which the team has done really well across is if you look at our cost 
saving programs it is really accelerated. In a normal year, we would be around 1.8 to 1.9%, 
we have really stepped up, we have gone to 2.6% in 2025 and this year we are further 
accelerating on that. Why is this happening? I think one of the most important levers for 
unlocking the savings is it has been a very structured program with great governance across 
and the team has been ready to challenge status quo by looking at the outside in. So how can 
we be best at India, best at Nestlé, on every metric which can help us delight our consumers 
and customers. That is what has unlocked efficiencies across the value chain and as a result 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 24 
of that we are now in a position to invest more behind our brands. So, if you look up at 
advertising, we have really stepped it up over the last few years and in the last few quarters, 
and we have reported this every quarter, the investments are growing up by close to 40% and 
this is what I call the flywheel impact. Invest behind your brands, generate the cash, make 
sure your cost programs work well and that further creates stronger brands, which generates 
the right bottom-line and cash. We believe that this investment will continue to help us. I 
spoke about driving penetration, premiumization and share gain in a couple of categories. I 
think this is the investment which is required and the team is making sure that it goes into the 
right places. Close to 55% to 60% of our money goes behind digital now, because there is a 
large population which is the digital first customer and for them, what happens is our 
investment into these channels, they really help because it is far easier to do performance 
marketing, it is far easier to measure the customer engagement and I personally believe that 
the increasing contribution of digital spends will just result in much better ROI and impact 
on our business. So very, very excited about our hypothesis of increased investment playing 
out to support our brand growth and to do all of this it is very, very important that we continue 
to invest in our capital expenditure. Like I said, we are a ‘Make in India’, bulk of our products 
are made in India, bulk of our raw materials are sourced from India, and we have been on a 
capacity expansion to support our volume growth. So, if you look at the last five years, we 
have invested more than 64 billion. In the last one calendar year, we started a new MAGGI 
line with close to Rs.170 Crores plus investment, a new Munch line where again we invested 
close to Rs.225 Crores, so I think a virtuous cycle of growth is moving and capital expenditure 
is something we would continue to do to ensure we deliver quality products to our consumers. 
 
One of the things which I touched upon, which is really, really helping us grow in its current 
avatar without resources growing in the same linear manner is the use of technology. I think 
I am very proud of how all of us in Nestlé India have jumped onto this opportunity of using 
technology as something, which can deliver great value across the value chain. If you look at 
it, we started embedding and the fact is we have a great ERP system. We have migrated to 
the SAP S/4HANA system, so when you have good quality data, it is very easy to embed the 
right heuristics ML and AI model on top and from end-to-end, right from the millions of 
touch points of sales, right up to the raw material planning we are integrating the entire value 
chain to drive the right kind of efficiencies, which will help us deliver it at the right cost to 
our consumers and customers and you would see it across be it supply chain, be it operations, 
be it sales. So very, very enthused by what this can do and it is really, really helping us build 
a far more agile data-driven organization and despite the kind of volume growths we are 
having, we see improved service levels, better productivity, and our cost efficiency is going 
up. So excited about what technology can do for Nestlé India and how it can be a growth 
multiplier. 
 
I have spoken about the opportunities. I have spoken about the India piece and what we are 
doing and why we do this, I think it is important and a lot of people ask me that what about 
the macro environment? and it is a very, very important factor for any CPG. Yes, there are a 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 24 
few headwinds, if you want to call that. There are a few things happening in the environment. 
The fact is, we are seeing a little bit of slowdown in market growth, as reported by Nielsen, 
also there is a little bit of impact on food inflation, but I would just like to point out some of 
these macro factors impact you when your penetration levels are 100%, when your 
consumption levels are comparable to some of the other countries, which have similar profile. 
While these are headwinds, inflation would be of concern. I just feel that given where we are 
on this journey in terms of penetration, in terms of the rural consumer, in terms of 
premiumization, I remain quite confident of our ability to handle these short-term blips and 
the same is true for the macroeconomic, the geopolitical situation. Yes, it is a challenge. There 
are some costs which are going up of things like energy, packaging, oil, shipping disruptions, 
there is volatility in the currency, does it concern us? Yes. We try our best to have the best 
kind of BCPs in place to make sure we can handle that and I still believe the medium-to-long-
term growth story for us does not get impacted. The team has the resilience to work around 
and address some of these challenges while continuing to delight our consumers in India and 
therefore, the growth journey continues. 
 
I want to conclude by saying there is a great amount of confidence we have on our growth 
journey in India it continues to remain stronger than ever. We believe that India continues to 
offer one of the most compelling long-term consumption stories and this is across, I am 
saying, the 190 countries which Nestlé operates in. The fact that we have a strong portfolio 
of brands, we have great consumer understanding, local R&D support, and what is really 
exceptional is our execution capability across functions that gives us the confidence that we 
would very successfully tap onto this growth journey. It is built around a dual engine while 
we continue to strengthen our core brands, the MAGGI, NESCAFÉ, KITKAT, CERELAC, 
we will continue to expand and move into new consumption locations. NESPRESSO, Purina, 
out of home, these are just some examples of that and technology would be at the heart of 
what we do. I strongly believe what AI can do for our business is multiply what the human 
capacity we have, and we will continue to depend on our people to drive the foundation of 
this success. Nestlé India, in a big, big way, is not just participating in the growth story in this 
country, I believe we are helping shape it, especially in the food and beverage part of the 
industry. With a strong, resilient model, exceptional executional capabilities, and a clear long-
term strategy, we believe our best years of growth are still to come and like my team keeps 
on saying, we will, as a group of people, 8,600 people who work for Nestlé and the thousands 
and thousands of partners and farmers, who work with us, we would continue to be relentless 
in the inputs we control and resilient in the output. So, thank you so much for giving me a 
chance to share with you how we look at the business and why we are so excited about the 
growth journey in India. Thank you. Sarah, over to you! 
Sarah Bhambre: 
Thank you, Mr. Tiwary. We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. Instructions for 
joining the queue are being displayed on the screen. We will pause briefly to allow 
participants to join the queue. When it is your turn, the moderator will unmute your line and 
invite you to ask your question. To ensure that as many participants as possible have an 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 24 
opportunity to engage with the management team, we request a maximum of two questions 
per participant. Thank you and we look forward to an engaging session. Over to you, Inba! 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. To 
ask a question, please click the Ask a Question button below the media player, enter your 
details and wait for your turn to be announced. After your question is answered, you may 
click ‘Leave’ to return to the webcast page. If you have a follow-up question, you can submit 
it the same way or use the Raise Hand button if you remain on the panelist platform. We will 
take the first question from Abneesh Roy of Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thank you. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on your three new businesses, so if you could tell us more about how 
breakfast cereals, pet foods and say NESPRESSO has done and one follow up on pet food is 
Nestlé parent has a small stake in Drools I wanted to understand is there any cross synergy if 
at all between Drools and Purina? That is my first question. 
Manish Tiwary: 
I will take this on, and you can add if you need it. I think let me start with the cereals part of 
the business. We have seen some great success on the Munch portfolio. We are very happy 
with how that segment is developing, also it helps us create a master brand, which works 
across confectionery and cereals, so a great place to be in, and Munch is our second strong 
pillar in that business, KITKAT is the main confectionery brand, and then we have Munch, 
so very, very happy with the way the business is emerging. I think NESPRESSO has been a 
revelation to us in a positive way. There were people sourcing NESPRESSO through e-
commerce websites, people would buy the latest capsule variant from duty-free in various 
airports and bring it to the country. Since we have introduced NESPRESSO officially in India, 
both through online and like I said, we now have four boutiques across three cities. Customers 
locally are delighted to be able to source the various variants we have to source machines 
from India with a complete service backup, and it has really, really positively surprised us 
with the traction it is getting. I keep on saying that given the booming affluent population, I 
think NESPRESSO has a long, long runway to sort of work on. I am very, very excited about 
the NESPRESSO part of the business. Pet food is a very interesting one. We are one of the 
global leaders in this, especially when it comes to cat food and if you look at India, even the 
pet adoption post COVID has really shot through and the interesting thing is, in some of the 
metros the dog and the cat population is almost 50:50. We have very strong propositions both 
for dog and for cat, with the Pro Plan portfolio, Felix portfolio, Friskies portfolio and we are 
doing really well. One of the things which we always hold ourselves accountable and 
responsible for, we want to build a business in the right way. It is a nutrition for our pet friends 
and therefore, we work through the vet channel, through the specialty channel, through 
breeders and if you meet some of the top dog breeders in the country, they actually depend 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 24 
on Pro Plan. So very, very happy, excited with the way these businesses are getting built up. 
I call them Acons, so while we have the big trees of MAGGI and NESCAFÉ, KITKAT, these 
are the Acons which will build and will give us a chance to address more consumers and 
consumption occasions. Drools is just a financial investment, which the Nestlé worldwide 
group has done, so I do not have any specific comments on Drools per se. It is just a financial 
investment. Ed, anything to add? 
Edouard Mac Nab: 
No, just maybe I will add just on pet food, the cat food is we gain market share in that category 
and it is a category that is growing now, and where we are growing actually, also very 
strongly. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thank you. My second and last question is on the spectacular scale up Company has seen 
after you joined so I wanted to understand which is the most important reason for such sharp 
growth, there are three reasons, one is, of course, 40%, 50% higher ad spend Y-o-Y last three 
quarters, second is, of course, your eight years’ experience in Amazon, and clearly Nestlé 
India, pre your joining and now are clearly there was an opportunity to catch up in terms of 
q-com and third, of course, is GST, so in your view, which is the most important reason in 
terms of the fast scale up Nestlé has seen? 
Manish Tiwary: 
Thank you. I think you are being very kind if you attribute it to me. I think it is very, very 
important I keep on saying this, in our business there are two things which are critical, the 
brands and the people. If you look at some of the brands we have, if you think of culinary, 
we have one single brand called MAGGI, which is really loved and has great impact. 
Similarly for coffee on NESCAFÉ, similarly for CERELAC and LACTOGEN, all of us have 
been brought up on these brands. I think the brands are extraordinarily strong. The same is 
true for our people. What we have done is we have unlocked a lot of investments behind these 
great brands and that is what is moving the flywheel much faster. You spoke about the ad 
spend. These brands deserve more investment. At the moment, when you put your money 
behind something which is really strong you can see the results. I think q-commerce is doing 
well. I also think when you think of a q-commerce player, they are close to 6000 dark stores. 
They need partners who can reliably supply because that is one of the biggest challenge 
because for two days of stock in 6,000 dark stores it is not easy to manage that and I think the 
supply chain team has done, we are one of the best suppliers if you speak to some of our q-
commerce partners. GST was something which was, I think the Government really should be 
congratulated on unlocking this for our consumers. It happened across the industry. I think 
the execution which the team did across the millions of outlets across changing all the 
packmat, pricing, weight, I think that was flawless. So, if you recollect, we did not have a 
GST downside in Q3 of the calendar year last year nor did we have a downside in Q4 of the 
calendar year we actually saw an upside and I think that is a proof of how well the team has 
executed it. So, the big blocks of brand and people is what gives us the strength, the fact that 
we are now optimizing cost and investing behind them is what is resulting in the flywheel 
moving faster. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 24 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sir, just one last follow up and I will end there it is on advertising. So if I see 40% to 50% 
higher ad spend by such a large Company for three successive quarters unprecedented in India 
so what is the reason for this was Nestlé under indexed in its categories or second if I see 
chocolates where I think clearly you are a much smaller player than the market leader for 
example, in from your slide Nestlé is a 23% penetration and Chocolate’s overall is 63% 
penetration, so can you elaborate that your spends in the last three quarters is it reflecting this 
23% versus 63% or now you are outspending so much versus your advertising market share 
versus say volume market share that you are getting a benefit out of that, so one, if you could 
explain why so much advertising is happening, and second, is this the main funnel for future 
growth also, you did say that you will keep spending, but if you could elaborate from Q3, 
what happens, right, Q3, the base becomes very high, then what kind of growth you will be 
expecting? 
Manish Tiwary: 
Yes, thanks for that. I keep on telling people that it is not about a base, it is always about the 
penetration levels we have and the future opportunities. Of course, there will be a quarter 
where the GST would be in the base, but those are, when you think of a slightly more medium-
term journey it is about are you getting the secular volume growth, which we are right now. 
You touched upon the ad spends. Yes, we are dialing up the support and we are dialing it up 
because putting it simply, you would put money behind the Virat Kohli's. We believe our 
brands have that kind of legs, they have the strength to run a long distance and we are 
investing that. Obviously, it would not be 40% all the time we have some pretty hard financial 
metrics around this investment in terms of ROI, the ROAS, which we get on digital, and we 
monitor that very, very carefully, so all cholesterol is not good cholesterol, and we are very, 
very conscious of it and therefore we would never hesitate to invest behind the brand as long 
as it is giving us the right returns. At this point, we have not I would say the trend would 
continue. Would it be 40% every quarter? Obviously not because of the base catching. Ed, 
anything? 
Edouard Mac Nab: 
Yes, maybe what I can add is that our investment is obviously funded by the efficiency that 
you were noticing in your earlier discussion. 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think that is a very important point because we keep on referring to the virtuous cycle, the 
flywheel, you can see it playing out for us in the last few quarters. Higher investment, still 
better profitability because the growth is driven through volume, premiumization. I think 
those are the things, which are helping us drive the slide a bit faster. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. That is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from Latika Chopra of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Hi, Manish and team. Thank you for a lot of insights today. My first question was on revenue 
growth outlook. You have talked about various levers of growth, a lot of it is execution led 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 24 
clearly, but as you mentioned, there were some GST tailwinds as well. In FY2026, just to set 
a context, you had a close to 11% volume growth. When you look ahead, do you think double-
digit volume growth for your business is doable, considering what we saw today? You are 
talking about penetration, premiumization, and of course, higher penetration and higher 
participation in fast-growing channels? Also, I wanted to add, when you look at FY2026, it 
seemed you had a disproportionately higher growth in chocolates and coffee, and hence the 
question on sustainability of this double-digit volume growth, if you could talk about this? 
Manish Tiwary: 
Yes, thanks for that, Latika. I think, to start with, I am not getting into forward-looking 
projections or numbers. I really want to take a step back and all of us very strongly believe, 
if we just do look at the market, and I compared, say, noodles to the biscuits category, biscuits 
has close to 100% penetration monthly. Noodles, and we are just one player in the noodles 
category, is still around 35, 36. Even in urban, we would be half of biscuits. We would be 
much smaller than salty snacks and that clearly tells you, because what are we talking about? 
A family consuming one pack of MAGGI in a month and obviously, given the brand love, 
given the kind of innovation, there is headroom, so I believe across all our businesses, whether 
it is nourishment, we are still a country which has healthy child growth. The pet nourishment, 
one of the fastest growing countries in terms of getting pets into home and pet parents. Coffee, 
tea, I spoke about, it is a change shift you can see across every day. Confectionery, our shares 
are much, much smaller, and the category is growing in terms of penetration overall, so I 
believe the secular growth opportunity exists. Having said that, it is for our teams, my team, 
and all of us to realize that and to realize that opportunity we need the fuel behind our brands 
and our people, and which is why right now it seems to be working well. You referred to 
confectionery and spoke about growth. If you look at the last few quarters and we do not 
share category-wise growth, but suffice to say, all our businesses are getting healthy growth. 
I spoke about coffee, 20 quarters of double-digit growth, so it is not just a confectionery thing. 
I think KITKAT has now become one of those viral brands. We are very happy with the way 
it is progressing. Yes, we did run out of capacity, we are putting in more capacity, but the 
growth we are seeing is equally strong. Keeping the relative positioning in mind, we are 
delighted with some of the responses we are seeing on MAGGI, on the Spicy range, on 
Double Masala, so it is secular growth and I believe it is up to me and the team to make sure 
we realize those growth opportunities. There could be quarters which could be a little off, but 
my belief and our team’s belief on the secular short to medium term growth opportunity stays. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you for that and the second bit, is it fair to assume given a focus on operational 
efficiencies and a lot of digital techs that you talked about. When you look at margins, and I 
know you have to navigate various volatility on raw material, etc., but at a very broad level 
would the Company be able to at least maintain or modestly improve margins on an aggregate 
basis, again, quarterly volatility one can exclude, but, more from a medium-term perspective? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think overall we are very, very focused on making sure every rupee we spend helps our 
consumer or a customer and that is a way we look at all our expenditure because this country 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 24 
is very, very price sensitive still and in our businesses across, we spoke about low penetration, 
which is why the price point back continues to be very, very important. So that is a thrust 
with the entire team is driving because if we keep on sort of flexing the pricing, we will lose 
out on the penetration opportunity. As far as margins are concerned, Ed, do you want to jump 
in? 
Edouard Mac Nab: 
Yes, I think we have a track record of margin and maintaining our margin and obviously our 
efficiency programs are here to tell on how we hold those margins. 
Latika Chopra: 
Sure, and just to double check your comment on near-term outlook, this was more a caution 
from a macro perspective, but you believe, considering the penetration levels in your 
categories are low, this is not an outlook for Nestlé India perspective. 
Manish Tiwary: 
I was referring to, very often we get asked this question, and Latika, it is important, when you 
are in a category where penetration is 100%, what happens when a macroeconomic sort of 
shift hits you is very different from what happens when your penetration levels are much 
lower. So, while we are concerned about some of the rising costs and the challenges, I think 
the last one year clearly gives me the confidence that my team has the resilience to work 
around it and while there could be a month of up and down, I believe this growth story, the 
secular growth story remains in place strongly. 
Latika Chopra: 
Thank you so much, gentlemen, and wish you the best. 
Manish Tiwary: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we take our next question, we would like to remind participants to please 
limit your questions to two per party. Time permitting, you may come back in the queue for 
a follow-up question. Our next question is from Arnab Mitra of Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Hi, Manish and team. My first question was actually on milk and nutrition because this has 
been one segment where there has been a challenge in the last decade in terms of growth. So, 
Manish, as you have looked at this business from a new set, fresh pair of eyes what do you 
diagnose as the reason as why the growth has been lacking in this segment and can there be 
something that Nestlé can do here to accelerate the growth of this portfolio and you could 
talk about the various parts of the portfolio if that helps? 
Manish Tiwary: 
Yes, I think I am personally quite happy with the way the dairy and nutrition business has 
been performing and if you see the callout we have had the last quarter I has had good volume-

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 24 
led growth. It is important that when we look across the various businesses we operate in, our 
starting position can be very different. So, when I think of a confectionary versus a dairy and 
nutrition position, the starting position is different. Having said that, the same opportunity 
exists when you look at penetration in terms of infant nutrition, in terms of dairy, the 
headroom for growth is there. I feel very good about the fact that we have some great science 
backing up our products and therefore, I would say I continue to be as optimistic about that 
business as I would for confectionery, keeping in mind there are two different categories and 
the growth opportunities on both of them would never be identical, but I am very, very 
enthused with what we are doing on some of our nutrition and dairy brands. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it and anything you want to highlight in terms of the last three, four quarters which have 
done in this milk and nutrition segment, which is different from the past and which is showing 
some promise of accelerating the growth for the portfolio? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think what is important is, I say this very often, and you know it more than some other 
people. 80% of points is on good execution, the day in day out execution. Yes, and I said, I 
started by saying in this business, we are among the few countries, which continues to have 
very healthy child growth and it is true for me, it is true for you and it is true for the next 
generation. People look up to trusted brands like LACTOGEN, CERELAC every day for 
their nutrition needs. So, I just think it is better execution, better science, which is supporting 
a journey on this business. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it. Thanks so much. My last question is on, in the foods category, we are seeing these 
trends of protein adoption, nutraceuticals, functional foods what is your take on it, is Nestlé 
participating, is going to participate more in these segments than what you do today, any 
thoughts on these emerging growth areas, vectors and nutrition and foods? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think I just want to share that we already participate in some of these segments. If you look 
at the top end of nutrition and protein needs, it is always in the ICU and if you ever, hopefully 
you will never get a chance, but if you ever went there, doctors in ICUs depend on Nestlé 
Health Science brands like Peptamen. There is a joint venture we have with DRL, Celevida. 
These are some of the brands which operate right at the top end of what you would call the 
nutrition needs when the human body is most fragile, so we do address that and we are 
globally in a very, very good position backed with the right science. Of course, there is work 
happening on some of these. What is important for us is we have been around for 114 years. 
Whenever it comes to food and nutrition, we would be very thoughtful, very measured, and 
we would make sure that if it is a new trend, it is backed with the right research, the right 
product and gives us the right to win. That is a slightly different approach, especially because 
it is a food thing and people trust the Nestlé brand. But like I said on the top-end on the 
medical front we already have brands which are operating and yes, we are constantly looking 
for innovations and things which could delight our consumers in India. Ed, anything to add? 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 24 
Arnab Mitra: 
Thanks so much. That is it from my side. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Avi Mehta of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead. 
Avi Mehta: 
Hi Manish. Thanks for this. Just two bits. One, you did point towards this reach expansion 
opportunity. Could you kind of give us a sense on how, where we are in this journey? Would 
you say largely done 40%, 50 % or how, any thoughts or clarity on that front? And the second 
bit I wanted to kind of just get your thoughts was on the infant nutrition bit. You know, we 
have done some new innovations in that segment post those growth concerns that emerged, 
especially with sugar. So, if you could kind of give a sense on what is the consumer 
acceptance and your thoughts on how it is kind of trending as we speak. Thank you. 
Manish Tiwary: 
Thank you. So, I think the first question was on reach. Where are we? I think it is very 
important. I touched upon it earlier. It is not about reach. I would say it is about controlled 
reach. One of the reasons, one could step back and say, but why were you not in rural? You 
have been there for so long. It is about, did we have the technology to ensure that the product, 
when it lands in the store in a village, is still fresh, is still in the right condition? And therefore, 
we would always want that any store which is selling a Nestlé product, by leveraging 
technology, we can see the freshness of the product, the quality of it, which is very important 
for us. So, we have been thoughtful and measured. And which is why, vis-a-vis some other 
peer group companies, you might say, have you taken longer? I say, no, we have not taken 
longer. We have done it the right way. What the brands and products we sell deserve it in that 
manner. Where are we on this journey? A long way to go. It is not just reach. I would keep 
on saying it is the contribution which comes from, say, quote unquote, the rural segment. We 
still have half of what some of our peer group companies are. And let us face it with, rural 
has been one of the more resilient parts of the market when I compare to urban. And the kid 
in the village is as eager to eat a MAGGI or a Kit Kat as is the kid in urban. And we have the 
right price point packs. We have a lot of packs which work at 5, 10, all the relevant price 
points. So, we believe we have the brands, the proposition, and now the reach is enabling us. 
So, I would say it's still a journey. I would not say it is like x percentage of the journey, still 
a long way to go. And remember, contribution is always on a denominator. What we are eager 
is rural grows faster than urban. And that is what is more important. And right now it is doing. 
So that is the first part of it. 
 
I think on infant nutrition, if you compare some of our products, whether it is the science I 
touched upon, the HMOs, the prebiotics, the postbiotics, the work we are doing. Even today, 
EVERYDAY is one of the most tested creamers which we use for our tea, coffees. We have 
some extremely strong markets in Northeast and Kerala. So, when I think of nutrition, I think 
of science. I think of building that trust. And again, I am very, very happy with the progress 
we are making. Whenever it comes to food, I would always say we would be measured. We 
would be a little cautious because it is something which our millions of consumers consume. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 24 
So, we have been around for 115 years. We will be around for the next 100 years. We will 
build it up, but we will build it up the right way. 
Avi Mehta: 
Okay, sir. Sorry, my question was largely on that infant nutrition bit. I do understand the other 
products in the science bag. So, any color on the new innovations, because you did address… 
Manish Tiwary: 
Okay. Sorry. You are referring to CERELAC, I guess. Yes. I just want to re-clarify. 
CERELAC as a brand has always met every standard which FSSAI had. It was below the 
FSSAI standards, for example, on sugar. But we got some consumer feedback. And I always 
say the consumer is always right. We would not just say because it is below regulatory level. 
So, we launched a ZAS version, which is zero added Sucrose. Now across the entire 
CERELAC range, moms have a choice of using ZAS or the sugar within the permissible 
limit. I think both parts of the portfolio have traction, and this is a choice we leave to the 
consumer. So, post a little bit of disturbance, CERELAC is back to where it should be. So, 
both the ZAS, which is the zero added sugar, and the CERELAC, the earlier part of the 
portfolio have traction. And like I said, moms make the choice for their kids. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it, sir. Thank you very much. That is all from me, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Nihal Jham from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Nihal Jham: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Nihal Jham: 
Good afternoon, Manish and everyone. Two questions. The first one was again on MPN. I 
know you have mentioned about the aspiration, but if you look at the historical track record, 
it has been sort of negative volume growth for this business for the last four or five years. 
And for a volume driven organization that we are, I am sure that is obviously not as per what 
expectations we would have had for the entire portfolio. So, with that as a backdrop, since 
you have come in, what are the incremental initiatives that you have taken beyond, obviously, 
the launch in CERELAC, which you just highlighted? And is there a visibility that you can 
see this portfolio maybe going to mid- to-high single digit volume growth in the coming 
future? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I assume you are referring to the nutrition portfolio, right? 
Nihal Jham: 
Yes. 
Manish Tiwary: 
Okay. I think there is, I always keep on saying in a company which has a history of 115 years, 
well-oiled machine, it is like a ship moving forward. I would not say I have added something. 
It is just doing it a little better. I think on the nutrition portfolio, we now have the right product 
range. I referred to it in my earlier answer. I also, we are, as you pointed out, the kid birth 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 24 
story in India is still strong. We are investing more both in the R&D side and also in making 
sure mothers and doctors get the right nutritional information. We believe this is a business 
where it is our job to help mothers as they bring up their children. And we look at it a little 
differently. Would we get volume growth on this business? Yes. If we have the right products, 
I feel very confident. And we have had volume growth in this business. I referred to it in the 
last quarter’s results. We saw good volume growth in this part of the business. And I see no 
reason for that to change in the future also. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure Manish. Second question was on the chocolates and confectionary portfolio. As per the 
annual report and the performance, it has obviously been a spectacular turnaround 
improvement, let me call it that way. I do understand there have been few interventions. One 
is obviously you have mentioned about distribution expansion. There have also been a lot of 
product launches like the Pops and all that. So, can you just highlight that what has sort of 
been the key driver? Is it the distribution that has led this kind of a surge or is it say the launch 
of the Rs.10 rupee or the Rs.5 SKUs, which is sort of driven? I know it could be a combination 
of both, but if you can just highlight what has been the key driver here? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think you made my job a little easier. It is a combination. There is no silver bullet in business. 
I think what we need to realize is if we take a step back, I would say KITKAT is one of the 
most viral global brands now. We lose a truck of KITKAT and it becomes a global story. It 
is a product which is very unique in its format. And consumers who like KITKAT love 
KITKAT. I mean, I am not exaggerating across age groups I have these anecdotes about, my 
grand mom used to eat a KITKAT a day. So, the brands are extremely strong. Both KITKAT 
and Munch in their own ways are really, really strong. And what the team has done well is, 
In India, you need Visi coolers to keep your entire range. If you do not have a Visi cooler, 
the product can get melted. You know some of the challenges we have. Today we have started 
with the right brands. We have the right range. So, if you look at KITKAT, it is across Delight, 
it is across Pops, a lot of it is imported from the Middle East, KITKAT Chunky. It is there in 
the right price points, which you referred to, and so is Munch. Munch is now across price 
points, has a max range, it is into value-added products. I think the whole story, all the vectors 
are getting aligned which is great distribution with the right Visi cooler, the right brands and 
the right money behind the brands and the right innovations. So, you are right. It is one of our 
best performing businesses. But more than that, what I'm really excited about is the brand 
strength which it has. And therefore, this is a business which we are very, very optimistic 
about in the medium-to-long term future also. 
Nihal Jham: 
Sure. Wish you all the best. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Mihir Shah of Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Shah: 
Good evening, Mr. Tiwary and team. Thank you for taking my question. Sir, since you have 
taken over, there is a material step up in the growth that we have seen. The people, the brand, 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 24 
the secular growth opportunity that you highlighted was always there. Can you share the top 
two tangible factors contributed the most for this trajectory shift? Everyone will have their 
own thesis, so will I, but wanted to hear from you. What are these factors that would have led 
to this material step up in growth? And part two of the question is, is this growth rate a new 
normal that one should think about? Because the opportunity that you highlighted is huge and 
the steps you are taking will be consistent. And if this will not be the normative growth, what 
would be a normative band in your view? So that is my first question. 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think I will repeat. I take the credit for all the hard work others do. But it is good timing. I 
really want to stress on the fact that, when you have a starting point with the kind of brands 
we have and take a step back and think of any category. And I have worked across multiple, 
I am not mentioning those categories, but you would. There are very few categories where 
you have one or two brands, which are so impactful, like a MAGGI, like NESCAFÉ, like a 
KITKAT, like a Munch, like a LACTOGEN, a CERELAC. When you have lesser but more 
impactful brands, portfolio management becomes easier. You can put a lot behind them. And 
like I said, I showed it in the numbers. They still have legs to run very, very far, based on 
penetration and consumption occasions. I think that is a very, very important thing because it 
is like, I referred to cricket earlier. It is like if you have the Virat Kohli's and Sachin's in your 
team, it is easy to win. The coach might take the credit, but it is the brands in this case. And 
then of course, the people behind the brands. I want to narrate an incident which all of you 
are familiar with. During the GST transition, we were among the very, maybe the only large 
CPG company, which did not have a downside. And the reason we did not have a downside 
is, the relationships which Nestlé has built with its partner vendors, with its distributors and 
retailers. There were retailers who actually had the confidence. At that point of time, there 
were all kinds of advice floating around on what is right, what is wrong. Because we have a 
large proportion of our business which goes through direct distribution, when the field people 
actually brief the trade, I am not exaggerating, but they said, okay, if Nestlé is saying it, we 
will work with you on this. Yes. And that shows the trust and the execution of the people. 
Because everyone has a sales force, everyone has distributors. Why was Nestlé not impacted? 
Our vendors were willing to step up on packaging material, on change parts for volume or 
value changes. I think that is a very, very important thing. And that does not get built up with 
the change of an MD or a Chairman. It is a legacy. So, I think the brands and the people 
contributed. Sometimes people like me are lucky that you come at a point where the vectors 
are aligned. 
 
I think the two things which we are now focusing on and doubling down on. One is how do 
we leverage technology to drive this kind of growth so that our costs do not grow up at a 
linear manner. That is important because when you have the awesome cricketers, which I 
keep on referring to, you need to give them the right coaching and the inputs. And that we 
are doing. I am blessed that I have been a little exposed to technology and I can add some 
value on that front. And that is a little bit of an ingredient which I get, but that would be about 
it. There is nothing, no other silver bullet on that part. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
I think on what is the new growth, I called out the opportunity, both in terms of penetration, 
consumption and premiumization. When I speak about these opportunities, and if you reflect 
on the various sectors you cover within the CPG, you would acknowledge, be it 
confectionery, be it tea, coffee, be it culinary, noodles versus biscuits, some of the biggest 
opportunities sit for our portfolio. How well we realize it is now up to us. So, I would not get 
into a forward looking of what the new normal is, Am I and the team convinced that the 
growth opportunity is there? We are. We believe, based on the last performance of the last 
few years, our playbook seems to be working. We will have to keep on innovating. There is, 
like I said, it is not a silver bullet. We will have to keep on innovating. But given the quality 
of brands and people, I believe that we can pull this through. And that is why we are confident. 
Ed, anything? 
Edouard Mac Nab: 
No, I just want again to re-emphasize, the accelerated saving program that we have engaged 
that allows us, obviously, to reinvest behind our brands. I see that as a milestone as well. 
Manish Tiwary: 
Plus one to that. 
Mihir Shah: 
Absolutely. I think that that was my second question. Actually, given the drive on penetration, 
how should one think about the interplay with the mix and the impact on gross and EBITDA 
margins? What would be again a very normative margin profile at a gross level that the brands 
can achieve? Or they have to offer? And how should one think about brand investment 
spends, given the flywheel is coming together and working well, one may want to keep it 
going with higher ad spends. So, can operating margins stay at the same level that they are? 
Or can one expect some expansion and flow through from the gross level going into the 
EBITDA level as well? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I will touch upon a few aspects and then I will request you to, I think what is important is as 
we talk about, I spoke a lot about penetration and premiumization. One of the critical things 
for driving penetration is the right price points. And therefore, as a company, we need to 
innovate to make sure we can deliver those price points value to our consumers at the same 
time while maintaining a certain profitability. And that is a task we have to do. You are aware 
like close to 80% of the snacking market is still below Rs.20. Consumers are very, they aspire 
for brands, but it is our job to make it affordable for them. And we continue to work on it 
because that is a key to unlocking penetration. When we talk about premiumization, the kind 
of support, the media support, on-ground support it needs is obviously very, very different 
from large brands as a percentage. So, I think to drive both of this, we need the investment to 
keep on fueling the right price points and the right support for our premiumization. Ed 
touched upon it. We believe as a company with our size and the fact that we are not getting 
distracted with too many priorities. I keep on saying there is enough headroom for our own 
categories. If we stay focused on it, I believe we can sort of drive the flywheel of virtuous 
growth, get the savings, get the scale benefits to be able to continue to maintain the required 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 24 
profitability margins across. And that is something which we have established in the last 
couple of years. Ed, anything more to add? 
Edouard Mac Nab: 
No, just maybe to add, we are not chasing growth at the cost of margin. We will deliver and 
maintain our margin in line with our past track record. And we will continue to spend driven 
by those efficiency programs that we have put in place and the work we are doing. 
Mihir Shah: 
Got it. Thank you very much and wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Nitin Gupta of HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. Mr. 
Nitin Gupta, please unmute your connection and ask your question now. Please go ahead, sir. 
Nitin Gupta: 
My first question pertains to how you are looking at products from the parent portfolio. I 
mean to say what kind of discussion you have regarding new launches. Along with this, I 
would also wanted to check upon what are your thoughts around M&A to expand or like you 
want to sort of focus more on the organic growth? 
Manish Tiwary: 
Could you repeat the first part? I was not very clear. 
Nitin Gupta: 
The first part is more pertaining to like getting a portfolio from the parent end. 
Manish Tiwary: 
Okay. I get it. Yes. I think we are blessed when you are like part of such a large food and 
beverage company with some extraordinary brands across the world. And that is something 
which we actively keep on scanning for. And it is brand, it is formats, it is sub-brands. I mean, 
all of them are important. We spoke about Pops and Delight and ready-to-drink cold coffee, 
the Vietnamese coffee. These are all product formats which we leverage into the worldwide 
parent group. We spoke about Purina, the way we are accelerating Friskies launch, 
NESPRESSO. So, it is a constant work in progress to look at the portfolio and get in the right 
relevant brands. What is really important is the right relevant parts because it is not just about 
getting it in, it is about also giving it the right support and executing it at the point of purchase. 
So, like I said, delighted that we have a parent company which has that kind of portfolio. I 
think on the next point which you said is on M&A, I think bulk of our focus on growth in the 
medium term, I believe we have the headroom to do it through our current categories. I spoke 
about the numbers. Sometimes I think it is very important. I keep on telling it to my teams. It 
is not only what you do which will define you, it is also what you do not do. Saying no is a 
very difficult thing, but we have to remain focused on our big growth opportunities, invest 
behind them with almost relentless focus. And that is what is giving us some of the results. 
So, it is not that we are close to M&A. Ed and team keeps on looking at some of the 
opportunities. We keep on scanning them. But 9 out of 10 points is for continuing to build 
our current businesses. There is enough headroom for growth on this. Ed, anything you would 
like to add? 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited 
August 4, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 24 
Nitin Gupta: 
Thanks for the insights. My second question pertains to e-commerce. So, we used to provide 
insights around the contribution of e-commerce. Would be great if you can share what is the 
current contribution and how has been the growth in the last couple of years? 
Manish Tiwary: 
I think e-commerce, let me break it up into two parts. One is we have always had a very, very 
important play with the traditional e-commerce players like Amazon and Flipkart. A lot of 
our products, especially the nutritional products, moms, depend on e-commerce. They look 
at the reviews, the ratings, and that really, if you look at most of our brands, they do really, 
really well. And then q-commerce has come in, and now it is playing a pivotal role in some 
of our culinary, nutritional portfolio, new products, confectionery. I think the way I look at 
q-commerce and e-commerce is not growth. I always keep on looking at share within the 
categories because there is a lot of inorganic growth happening, new dark stores, new cities, 
new players expanding. Growth can be misleading. It is about the relative growth, which is 
more important. And I am happy to report on most of our brands, we are growing ahead of 
the market wherever players share that data. I think the second thing about e-commerce is 
how we partner with the q-commerce platforms. I still believe a lot of people do not 
understand the complexity. Think of 6,000 warehouses with two days of stock where you 
have to continuously replenish it. And when someone orders, if there are two packs in that 
and if one of that is out of stock, it really hurts the q-commerce players because there is Rs.30 
to Rs.50 delivery cost. I think the thing which I am really, really proud about is the way the 
supply chain team has worked with all the big players, Blinkit, Instamart, Zepto, Amazon 
Now, Flipkart Minutes, Big Basket. We have one of the best fill rates. And which is why I 
keep on saying that we have a far more sustainable, collaborative model with the q-commerce 
platforms. And as long as I continue to build share on that and grow the categories, to me, 
that is the mark of success more than just absolute growth. 
Nitin Gupta: 
Sure, thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Mr. Gupta. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for today. I 
now hand the floor back to Sarah for closing remarks. 
Sarah Bhambre: 
Thank you, sir. This concludes today's session. On behalf of Nestlé India, I would like to 
thank you all for your participation. A recording of this session as well as the transcript will 
be made available on our website, Nestlé India's website, and also will be submitted to the 
Stock Exchanges. Thank you once again, and we wish you a pleasant day ahead. 
 
 
====== 
