 
Ref. No.: LIFL/SLC/2026-27/30 
Date: August 17, 2026 
 
To, 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department                             Listing Compliance Department                             
BSE Limited                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street                Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Mumbai – 400 001(Maharashtra)                           Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Scrip Code: 544465                                               Mumbai-400051(Maharashtra) 
 
Symbol: LAXMIINDIA 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Earnings Call with analysts and investors for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letters dated August 05, 2026, August 12, 2026 and August 13, 2026, we hereby 
inform you that pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the Earnings Call with 
analysts and investors held on Thursday, August 13, 2026 at 12:00 P.M. in relation to the Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, has been uploaded on the website 
of the Company.  
 
The same can be accessed at the following link: 
 
https://www.lifc.co.in/uploads/LICF%20Q1_27%20Earnings%20Transcript.pdf  
 
A copy of the transcript is annexed herewith.  
 
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Laxmi India Finance Limited  
(Formerly known as Laxmi India Finance Private Limited)  
 
 
 
 
Sourabh Mishra 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A51872 
 
 
 
SOURAB
H 
MISHRA
Digitally signed 
by SOURABH 
MISHRA 
Date: 2026.08.17 
15:21:37 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Laxmi India Finance Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
                 
  
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DEEPAK BAID – MANAGING DIRECTOR – LAXMI 
INDIA FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. GOPAL KRISHAN SAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LAXMI INDIA FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. PIYUSH SOMANI – TREASURY HEAD – LAXMI 
INDIA FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. KULDEEP SINGH – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
LAXMI INDIA FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY OJHA –NATIONAL HEAD-COLLECTION – 
LAXMI INDIA FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Laxmi India Finance Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Baid, Managing Director, Laxmi India Finance 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Baid: 
Good afternoon everyone. And thank you for joining us for Laxmi India Finance Limited Q1 
FY27 Earning Call. On behalf of entire management team, I would like to welcome our 
investors, analysts, lending partners, and the stakeholders. 
Joining me today are Mr. Gopal Krishan Sain, our Chief Finance Officer, Mr. Piyush Somani, 
who Heads our Treasury function, Mr. Kuldeep Singh, our Chief Business Officer, and Mr. 
Sanjay Ojha, who heads Collection. 
I would like to begin to saying that quarter 1 2027 has been a strong start to the year of Laxmi 
India Finance. The quarter reflects continued momentum across the business with healthy 
growth in our loan book and disbursements, improvement in margins and profitability, further 
strengthening of our liability franchise as well as capitalized balance sheet. 
At the same time, we remain conscious that as we scale, maintaining the quality of our portfolio 
and discipline our underwriting will remain the most important priority for us. Our asset under 
management stood at INR1721.7 crores as on Q1 '27, representing a growth of 28% year-on-
year. 
Our own book increased by 31.7% to INR1626.9 crores. Disbursement during the quarter stood 
at INR232 crores compared with INR166 crores in Q1 FY26. Reflecting continued healthy 
business momentum, our MSME franchise remain the core of our business with MSME AUM 
of approx INR1,395 crores at the end of the quarter. 
Our customer base also expanded to approx 43,946 customers, while our branch network 
increased to 194 branches across six states. The expansion of the network continues to be 
supported by our cluster based approach with a focus of building density in our existings market 
with selectively entering new geographies. 
We remain particularly focused on semi urban and rural market across Rajasthan, Madhya 
Pradesh, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra, where we continue to see 
meaningful opportunity to serve underserved MSME and self-employed borrowers. The quality 
of growth is also reflected in our financial performance. 
Net interest income increased by 39% on year to year to INR47.1 crores. Profit before tax 
increased by approx 72% to INR21.9 crores, while profit after tax increased by approx 70% to 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
INR16.4 crores. Importantly, our ROA improved to 3.45% from 2.75% as compared to year to 
year. 
Our NIM expanded to 11.36% compared with 10.43% a year ago. The improvement has been 
achieved despite of broadly stable portfolio yield, with the key driver being the continued 
improvement in our funding cost. Our average cost of borrowing declined by 67 bps point year 
to year to 10.66%. This is an important area of progress for a company. 
Over the last several quarters, we have been steadily strengthening our lenders relationship, 
improving our borrowing mix and increasing our access to bank funding. We believe the benefit 
of this strengthening liability franchise will continue to support our margins and profitability as 
the business scale. 
 
Our net worth stands for net worth stands for INR482.8 crores as on June 30, 2026, while our 
capital adequacy ratio remain stronger at 25.32% with Tier 1 capital adequacy at 24.82%. Our 
debt to equity ratio stood at 3.1 times and on net basis after considering the liquidity position net 
debt to equity is 2.57 times. We also maintain the liquidity approx INR255.9 crores at the end 
of the quarter. Our ALM position continue to remain comfortable with cumulative surplus across 
maturity buckets. 
On the borrowing side, the quality of our lender franchise continue to improve. During quarter 
1 we have raised approx INR296 crores of borrowing with banks accounting for more than 84% 
incremental borrowing. We have added new banks like ICICI at a very cheaper price, best price 
in fact I can say, and during this quarter. 
The increasing participate of from banks together with our diversified lender base and improved 
credit rating from A minus to A is an important validation of the institute strengthening we have 
built over the last few years. Let me now address asset quality. We remain -- which remains one 
of our key priorities as we grow. Our gross NPA stood for 2.08% and net NPA stood for 0.93% 
as on June 30, 2026. Importantly, both matrix improved sequently from March 2026 level. 
Stage 2 asset almost moderate during the quarter and at the same time, credit cost of the quarter 
was INR3.69 crores or you can say 0.95% compare with 0.58% in Q1 FY26. The increase was 
primarily attributed to our vehicle financing portfolio. We have started monitoring the segment 
closely while our core MSME and construction portfolio continues to show the more moderate 
credit cost profile. 
Our overall portfolio remains secured and a underwriting framework continues to combine 
centralized credit assessment with local market knowledge, physical verification, collateral 
assessment, and cash flow evaluation. Collection also remains highly branch led and field 
intensive with a strong focus on early identification of stress and proactive engagement with 
borrowers. We believe this combination of secured lending, conservative underwriting and 
localized collection provide us with a strong foundation to manage portfolio quality as we scale. 
Our strategy for FY27 remains unchanged. We intend to continue growth the business at the 
calibrated and profitable pace while improving productivity from branch network that we have 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
already built and meaningful part of our growth opportunity will come from the maturation of 
the branches open over the last two years, particularly in a newer market such as Uttar Pradesh 
and Maharashtra. Along with increased density in our existing market, at the same time, we will 
continue to selectively add branches where we have attractive market opportunity and where our 
underwriting and collection capability can be replicated effectively. 
We are not looking to grow simply for the sake of balance sheet expansion. Our objective is to 
build a scalable, high quality lending franchise with sustainable return. Our investment in 
technology, credit infrastructure, collection and branch level operating capability are designed 
to support this objective. With the strong start of the year, we remain comfortable with the 
medium term framework that we have communicated earlier. 
We continue to target AUM growth approximately 30% to 35% annually. As our newer branch 
mature and operating level improves, we remain confident in our ability to deliver strong 
profitability growth. We have earlier indicated PAT growth of approx 40% to 45% for the 
current financial year, while quarter 1 PAT growth has been significantly ahead for this range.  
We believe this is prudent to maintain our existing guidance at this stage and assess the 
performance over the next few quarters before considering any revision. Our focus remains on 
delivering growth while protecting asset quality, strengthening our liability franchise and 
improving returns over time. To summarize, quarter 1 27 has been a strong quarter for Laxmi 
India Finance. 
We have delivered healthy growth, expanded margin, significant improved profitability, further 
strengthened our capital and liquid position, and continued to deepen our banking relationship. 
At the same time, we remain watchful on asset quality, particularly within the vehicle financing 
portfolio, and we will continue to prioritize underwriting and collection discipline. 
We believe the combination of our branch led model, strong presence in underserved Tier 2 and 
Tier 3 market, prioritizing secured portfolio, improving funding franchise, and strengthening 
capital base provided us with a solid platform for next phase of growth. With that, I would now 
request Gopal to take you through the financial performance in greater detail. Gopal, over to 
you. 
Gopal Krishan Sain: 
Thank you, sir, and good afternoon everyone. I will take you through the key financials and 
balance sheet performance for Q1 financial year '27. Net interest income increased by 
approximately 39% year-on-year basis to INR47 crores. Operating expenses stood at INR29.9 
crores compared with INR22.4 crores in corresponding quarter last year. The increase in 
operating expenses reflects the investment we continue to make in our branch network, 
employee base, technology, and operating infrastructure as we build the platform for future 
growth. 
Despite this investment, the strong growth in net interest income resulted in significant operating 
leverage with profit before tax increasing by approximately 72% to INR21.9 crores. PAT for the 
quarter stood at INR16.4 crores, representing growth of approximately 70% year-on-year basis. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Our return on assets improved to 3.45% compared with 2.75% in Q1 financial year '26. Our 
return on average net worth was 13.86%. The moderation in ROE should be viewed in the 
context of the significant strengthening of our equity base following the IPO and subsequent 
internal accruals. 
Our portfolio yield remained broadly stable at 21.67%. At the same time, average cost of 
borrowing declined to 10.66% from 11.33% in Q1 financial year '26. As a result, our NIM 
improved from 10.43% to 11.36%. We believe the improvement in our funding profile is an 
important structural driver of our profitability. Our asset quality, gross NPA stood at 2.08% 
compared with 2.13% in March '26. Net NPA stood at 0.93% compared with 1.09% at the end 
of March. 
Stage 2 assets reduced from INR46.6 crores to INR44 crores during the quarter, while Stage 3 
stood at INR33.5 crores. Credit cost was INR3.69 crores or 0.95% of average gross loan. Our 
PCR stood at 55.22%. Our liquidity position remains comfortable at approximately INR255 
crores. Our ALM continues to show a cumulative surplus across the maturity buckets with a 
cumulative surplus of approximately INR420 crores at the five-year bucket. 
We believe the combination of strong capital, liquidity, and well-matched ALM profile provide 
us with adequate financial flexibility to support the growth plan for financial year '27. With this, 
I will hand over to Mr. Piyush to discuss our borrowing profile and funding plan. 
Piyush Somani: 
Thank you Gopal, and good afternoon to everyone. I will briefly take you through our liability 
profile and the progress we have made on the funding side. Our average cost of borrowing for 
Q1 FY27 declined to 10% and 66 bps, compared with 11% and 33 bps in Q1 FY26. The decline 
in borrowing cost has been a key contributor to the improvement in our NIM during the quarter. 
Our focus continue to be on progressively increasing the share of the banking funding and 
diversification our liability franchise. 
As of June 30th, banks accounted for approximately 70% of our overall borrowing mix, while 
bank contribute more than 84% of the incremental borrowing during Q1 FY27. During the 
quarter we have raised approximately INR296 crores across 9 facilities. We have added ICICI 
Bank as a new lending partner during the quarter and continue to deepen our relationship with 
existing banking partners. 
Our Q1 borrowing include facilities from IDFC First Bank, Suryoday Small Finance Bank, Bajaj 
Finance, DCB Bank, ICICI Bank, Canara Bank, KVB Bank and Union Bank of India. The 
majority of these facilities were raised at rates around 10% to 10% 44 bps. Reflecting the 
continued improvement in across access to competitive funding. We also continue to actively 
negotiate rate reduction on our existing facility as repayment track record and lender relationship 
mature. 
Going forward, our focus on the liability side remain consolidation of our existing lender mix 
towards banks, exploring new source of funding such as external commercial borrowing and 
credit guarantee back debt structure. Continued use of direct assignment and increasing our focus 
on PSL qualifying lending such as MSME ticket size below INR20 lakhs and vehicle loans. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
We continue to believe there is another 20 to 25 basis point of reduction available in our cost of 
borrowing over the coming quarters assuming global rate conditions remain stable, which 
currently are giving the RBI neutral stance. We believe the combination of our A-rated profile, 
strong capitalization, diversified lender base and consistent repayment track record position us 
well to support our targeted balance sheet growth. With that I will hand over to Mr. Kuldeep for 
the business and operating update. 
Kuldeep Singh: 
Thank you Piyush, and good afternoon everyone. Our operating model continues to be branch-
led with sourcing, underwriting, collection, all happening at the branch level supported by our 
central credit and technology teams. As on 30th June 2026, we operate at 184 branches across 
six states. Addition of 25 branches over the last year, Uttar Pradesh where we added 10 branches 
this year, and Maharashtra where we added six branches are our two newest geographies and 
both are progressing as per our expectations. 
Our customer base grew to around 43,946 from 37,122 a year ago. This is 37% of our borrowers 
continues to be first time borrowers in line with our positioning of serving MSME, small traders, 
transporters, self-employed customers that are largely underserved by banks and fintechs. 
On product mix, MSME remains our largest vertical at around INR1,395 crores of AUM 
followed by vehicle finance at around INR131 crores AUM, followed by construction and loan 
against property at around INR90 crores, wholesale lending at around INR58 crores, personal 
loans at around INR49 crores. 
Our overall AUM has grown at CAGR of 32.68% since financial year 23. On technology side, 
our sourcing, underwriting, servicing, and collection process are now largely digitalized through 
our LOS LMS platforms, CKYC integration, RCU based field investigation, and digital 
collection through eNACH, auto dialer, and payment aggregators. The only manual step remains 
in our process is physical signing of loan agreements which we expect to move to eSign shortly. 
On the vehicle finance credit cost that Gopal mentioned, from our operation standpoint, this is 
specific to certain older vintages in specific geographies. And we believe this is a localized issue 
related to that segment and not a broader underwriting issue. We have tightened acceptance 
criteria and increased field follow-ups frequency in this book specifically, while continuing to 
grow our other secured products as planned. 
Going forward, our focus remains on improving productivity in our newer branches as they 
mature, continuing to deepen density in our existing states, and maintain underwriting discipline 
as competitive intensity in MSME lending increases. 
With this, I would request the moderator to open the floor for questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Deepesh J Sancheti from Maanya Finance. Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please proceed. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. Now the branch network has expanded from 159 to 184 over the past year. How are the 
new branches performing versus the mature network? And what is the expected gestation period 
before they reach steady state productivity? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
This is Kuldeep. The branches which we have opened last year, the number was 25 branches. 
Out of 25 branches, one is already in the breakeven stage. And if we talk about the maturity, this 
is linked with the breakeven only. So the branch expenses and the branch income, if we calculate 
both, it comes around 7 to 9 months to take the breakeven stage where the AUM of a branch at 
around INR1.5 crores to INR2 crores. 
We have actually categorized our branches into three categories, Tier 1, Tier 2, and Tier 3. So 
Tier 1 is having a broader resources where 5 to 6 ROs are there, the branch manager, DO, and 
other staff. Then the Tier 2, where the 5 to 6 ROs, then branch manager, then DO, and Tier 3 is 
having 2 to 5 ROs and branch manager and DO. So there are three categorization which are 
based on the population and the potential of that particular market. So depending on the category, 
it ranges from INR1.5 crores to INR2 crores when it achieves to the breakeven. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir. You are audible? Mr. Sancheti, can you hear us? 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Hi, I can hear you. Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, yes, please proceed. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
I am expecting that you are targeting at 30% to 35% AUM growth alongside 3.5% to 3.75% 
ROA and 13.5% to 14% ROE. Over the next 3 to 5 years, what needs to change for Laxmi India 
to transition from a regional NBFC into a larger pan-India MSME franchise? And what do you 
see as the biggest constraint in this ambition? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So we started with the Rajasthan way back in 1990s and then after when it comes to the NBFC 
in 2010. So after Rajasthan, we opened branches in Gujarat, then after in MP and Chhattisgarh. 
Then after last year, last to last year we opened UP and last year we opened Maharashtra. So we 
are continuously growing in terms of the branches as well as in terms of the new territory. 
So this year also we will probably moving into a new state as well as growing into the existing 
states. So by this grow up, every year we will grow up in new state, one or two new states. So 
definitely it will move to the pan-India presence. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
But what is the AUM for the new branches for it to self-sustain or get into profitability? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
The profitability I explained already. It takes around 7 to 9 months to come over the breakeven. 
So this is the tentative guidelines. Some of the branches even profitable in within 5 to 6 months 
and some takes 9 to 12 months also. But average breakeven achieves in 7 to 9 months. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
No, but what is the loan given amount at which it will break even? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
Yeah, so that is what INR1.5 crores to INR2 crores once the AUM is built of a branch, then the 
branch comes on the start coming onto the profitability. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay. And is the management really happy with the kind of ROA we are doing? Because I think 
for a smaller NBFC like us, this is just too smaller number of ROA. 
Kuldeep Singh: 
ROA is almost 3.45% right now, and I believe if you compare with the peer companies, so we 
are very stable with it. And we are improving it and as we scale, as we are scaling also, so little, 
it takes time to build up. But yes, if you are going to see the graph, it is on an improving side. 
So we are targeting 3.5% to 3.75%. So I believe by end of the year we will achieve that target. 
Deepesh Sancheti: 
Okay, all the best guys. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vineet Sharma from Param Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Vineet Sharma: 
Thank you for the opportunity sir. Just wanted to understand a little bit more on the growth 
strategy, both on the product and market side. So firstly, on the product side, would it continue 
to be the share of MSME increase going forward or would we be scaling the other products as 
well? And on the market side, we saw some expansion in UP, MP, Maharashtra happening in 
this quarter. So how would the overall geographical distribution evolve as the AUM scales up? 
If you could share some light on both these aspects. Thank you. 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So this year we are planning to expand into 30 to 35 branches across the existing states. And in 
quarter 1 we have already added 10 branches. And as far as the product size, definitely the 
MSME would be the focused product and simultaneously we are looking for the other products 
also. So we continuously doing the research and analysis for the new product addition. 
So recently we have added a prime MSME product which ranges from INR25 lakhs to INR50 
lakhs with some improved credit guidelines with the asking of the documents are more into this 
segment. And continuously we are also searching for new products and going forward in future 
we probably will add some new products also. 
Vineet Sharma: 
Understood. 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So with adding to this, our main focus will be on a secured SME MSME lending. So to 
customers, because since 2000 we have seen that secure business has given a best result in this 
any type of market. So we have a same strategy that our main core product will be and will be 
the same secured SME side. And with increasing the network across Bharat. So we have a 
presence in six states. 
So now still there are many states and union territory which is untouched. So we have a plan to 
open those territory also and to open more branches over there in Tier 2, Tier 3 cities of the state 
and giving loans to such self-employed customer over there and so that they can also be a part 
of a growth of Bharat. 
Vineet Sharma: 
Thank you sir, that's helpful. Just one follow up on that. Going forward say in a year or two, 
what would be the proportion of the top state in terms of the overall AUM? Trying to understand 
this a little bit more from a risk diversification perspective. If you could shed some light on that. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Kuldeep Singh: 
Today out of 194 branches, so the main mother state is Rajasthan. So percentage of Rajasthan 
will be a little bit higher, but slowly gradually the other states like Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, 
their percentage is also increasing. So I believe in coming three to four years, Rajasthan will be 
major, yes of course. But yes, other states where we have a good presence, we have open 
branches, so they will be also contributing handsome percentage in total AUM. 
So if you want to see, we are very conscious on a diversification also. So we are having that 
presence that presence in mind that we want to diversify our portfolio state wise also. So we are 
working on it and coming years we can see the changes in a percent holding of the states. 
Vineet Sharma: 
Understood sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mikail Batliwalla from Lakshya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mikail Batliwalla: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please proceed. 
Mikail Batliwalla: 
Yeah. So credit costs have gone up almost 1% in this quarter. What are the reasons behind this? 
Is this stress coming from newer geographies, newer vintages? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So credit cost has basically increased in a wheels portfolio. So we have a wheels portfolio, so 
little bit stress has come from there. Otherwise, the main product what we have is SME, secured 
SME and all. So there is stress we can't see the stress. But over to Gopal if you can add some 
more points, please. 
Gopal Krishan Sain: 
Thank you, sir. Main reason to increase in credit cost in quarter one related to we have increased 
10% extra provisioning on up money transaction, for which we have already guided in March 
'26 as well as in December '25. Till date we have offered 70% of provisioning in our P&L, okay. 
This is a case based study and this study consider current stage of case, future expected collection 
due to enforcement of activity. 
And if we receive the collection rights by the help of the court that time historical collection 
experience of the organization, most likely settlement. So till date management believe 70% of 
ECL provisioning is more appropriate for quarter 1. Subsequently on each reporting date, we 
will observe further improvement of the case and act accordingly. So main reason up money. 
Despite of this, core business of company is remain stronger. Thank you. 
Mikail Batliwalla: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhaval Pandya from Ariza India. Please go ahead. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Yeah, good afternoon sir and thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of 
numbers. So a few of my questions have already been answered. I have only one question left. 
So from the expanding branches or the expanding states, which state or which geography showed 
the highest number of guidance or revenue growth? 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So our main 90-odd branches we have in Rajasthan being mother state. So yes of course the 
major portfolio consists of Rajasthan because of the major portfolio the revenue income is also 
generated from Rajasthan majorly. But other states as I told before that other states are also 
improving, they are also giving good support in disbursement. So they will also be having a 
good percentage in future. They will be also contributing good numbers in PAT in the coming 
years. 
Dhaval Pandya: 
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shivam Rathore from MB Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Shivam Rathore: 
Hello, am I audible? Yeah, so network increasing to INR483 crores while CRAR moderated 
from 26% to 25% at the current growth trajectory, how much balance sheet capacity do you have 
before incremental equity capital becomes necessary? 
Deepak Baid : 
So basically our leverage net leverage stands for 2.43% to it and we have a handsome we have 
a handsome liquidity also with us in a quarter end that is INR255 crores. So to further increase 
in AUM of course this is a capital-oriented business, so we have to raise the capital. So we have 
a plan to raise capital in next financial year we will start next financial year mid we will start the 
process and all and we have a plan to raise further capital around INR300 odd crores.  
And by that time I believe our leverage we can easily extend our leverage to 3.5% to 4% and so 
that we can have a good ROE also by that time. And so by that time I believe we will be required. 
And still Piyush, if you want to add anything to it, please. Yeah, over to Piyush. 
Piyush Somani: 
So basically the growth trajectory, Deepak sir has already addressed that. The need of the capital 
is always depending upon the once we levered our balance sheet, the capital that we are having. 
So trajectory we will be thinking of once the leverage is reaches to the level what we have had 
before going for an IPO that is around four, four and a half in between of that. 
The time will be reaching in we are seeing that one year, one and a half year down the line from 
right now. We will be starting the exercises for the fund raising so that the return on equity will 
be a factor of debt to equity and the ROTA will be translated into the maximize return on equity 
that we will be getting so far. Once we reach that stage, definitely we will be having an 
additionally capital of INR300 crores, INR350 crores that we are planning so. 
Shivam Rathore: 
My next question is that what is your growth guidance for FY27 and FY28 and what are the 
margin guidance? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So, basically, we are we are growing on a CAGR basis that is around 30% to 35%. We will be 
maintaining this pace of growth going forward as well. The margin depends upon the cost of 
borrowing and other factors as well, the yield that we are giving to our borrowers. So in order to 
address the businesses we need to squeeze our margin going forward basis but we need to 
maintain in the pace of the profitability that we are seeing so. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Once the cost of borrowing is inclined -- declining phase we will definitely giving a certain pass 
on to the borrowers and definitely we will be maintaining this pace of margin that we are having 
in order to address that business going forward as well. 
Shivam Rathore: 
Yes sir, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harkirat Singh from B.D. Electrocom. Please go 
ahead. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Hello? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. Please proceed. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Yeah, my first question is regarding the El Nino impact and the global uncertainties. Are we 
facing any issues in our portfolio? What do we expect it to impact in our Q2? 
Kuldeep Singh: 
So basically the global war and all this is not much affected to us because our customer base is 
-- belongs to Tier 2, Tier 3 cities of a state where they don't have any like transactions from 
between other inter country and transactions are there. So they don't have. But yeah, the crude 
price increase specially impact everyone and to our customers also. 
So that is little bit we can see the incrementing cost to our borrowers and otherwise if you're 
going to see other things are not basically any impact on this. And coming quarters also we see 
that their collection efficiency will be well maintained and we in fact we will try to improve it 
or much better we to do it in the coming quarters. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Okay. And like considering the global uncertainties, so are we aggressively expanding our AUM 
or we are just constant regarding our AUMs? 
Kuldeep Singh 
So yes, of course, as I told in my speech also. So our main motive is not to increase the balance 
sheet size. Main motive is to recover your also after disbursement. So we are taking we have a 
risk base assessment and all. So wherever the stress we feel in a business area or any anywhere 
so we take calls, we stop funding or reduce the LTV and we keep on discussing on this risk 
factors across points. So on a risk factor basis, we are taking calls on a numbers, on a 
achievement, on a disbursement and on a customer base and all. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Okay. And just a final question. What are net slippages in this quarter? 
Gopal Krishan Sain: 
Slippage? INR3.26 crores. . 
Harkirat Singh: 
INR3.26 crores? 
Gopal Krishan Sain: 
Yeah. 
Harkirat Singh: 
Okay, thank you, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Seema Bajaj from RK Consultants. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Seema Bajaj: 
Hi, good afternoon team. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to ask questions. Firstly, 
many congratulations on great set of numbers and apologies actually I joined a bit late. So my 
questions might be a bit repetitive. So my first question is that cost of borrowings declined by 
about 67 bps if I'm not wrong to roughly 10.66% and spreads expanded to roughly 11%. So how 
much further headroom do you see for funding cost to decline? And what is a sustainable NIM 
range for the business if you could please let me know. 
Piyush Somani: 
Yeah, hi Seema, this is Piyush, I am heading the treasury vertical. So the cost of borrowing is as 
of now is a you can see since last two, three years we are always on the declining phase and the 
best part is that the rating has been upgraded from A minus to A and we have translated it into 
slightly reduction in the cost of borrowing this quarter as well. 
But seeing the last 12 months of incremental cost of borrowing stood to 10.48% around as of 
now. Blendedly it's 10.66%. I mean to say that another 20 bps to 25 bps that I am seeing so will 
be further reduced in this year going forward basis. Depending upon if in case there is a global 
scenarios is intact and there is no RBI hike is there so we will be further reducing our cost of 
borrowing by 0.20 bps to 0.25 bps. That's one. 
Secondly translating to the business, I mean to say that giving the relaxation to the borrowers 
depends upon how the credit and asset qualities are there going forward basis. Once everything 
is intact it depending upon, I can say the management call and the board call as well, we will be 
we will be passing on to the borrowers as well. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Okay, okay, and sir my second question is that operating expenses grew by roughly 34% Y-o-Y 
with employee cost up 36% versus 51% growth in total income. So as the branch network 
matures, how much operating leverage do you guys see ahead? And where could the cost to 
income ratio settle? 
Piyush Somani: 
So basically Seema, since we are in the growing phase actually. So in a growing phase always 
there is a opex will be slightly higher in comparison to the larger piece of NBFCs. But you can 
see since last 12 or 18 months back we are reducing our overall I can say that cost in terms as 
well. But I can say since we are stepping into the new geographies, so opex in respect of opening 
the branches will be slightly I can say hype in certain areas. 
So eventually subsequent benefits will be follow on in the subsequent months only. That 
becomes part and parcel of the business. So cost to income ratio is below 50% as of now, but I 
am seeing so the healthy cost of income ratio that we address or we internally believe that it will 
be around 44% or 42% in between of that. We are trying harder but still it becomes more 
challengeable during the growing phase as well. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Okay, okay, and my last question is that disbursements grew roughly 40% Y-o-Y to INR232 
crores ahead of 28% AUM growth. So actually how should we read this gap basically? And does 
the current disbursement run rate give you confidence that AUM growth can accelerate from 
here? 
Piyush Somani: 
Yeah, over to Kuldeep ji. 

 
 
Laxmi India Finance Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Kuldeep Singh: 
Yes, that current run rate of disbursement giving us the confidence to the AUM growth also. As 
far as the AUM growth and the disbursements are concerned, AUM growth depends on the 
disbursement as well as the repayment and the closures of the loans. So that is how you can read 
the difference of that. 
Seema Bajaj: 
Okay, okay, thank you, thank you so much sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Deepak Baid: 
So, thank you everyone for your questions and for your continued interest in Laxmi India 
Finance. To conclude, quarter 1 '27 -- FY27 has been a strong quarter for us with healthy growth 
across the businesses, improving in margin, strong profitability, and continuous strengthening 
of our capital and funding profile. 
At the same time, we recognize that sustainable growth in lending requires constant attention to 
asset quality. We will therefore remain disciplined in our approach to underwriting, collection, 
branch expansion and liability management. Our objectives remains very clear to build Laxmi 
India Finance into a scalable, well capitalized and sustainable lending franchisee serving India 
underserved MSME and retail borrowers. 
We thank all our investors, lenders, partners, customers and employees for their continuous 
confidence and support. We looking forward to interact with you again next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
