 
Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
CIN : L67120MH1991PLC064106 
Registered & Corporate Office: Express Zone, A Wing, 10th Floor, Western Express Highway, Diagonally, Opp. Oberoi Mall, 
Dindoshi, Goregaon (East) Mumbai 400 063, Maharashtra, India. Tel : +91 22 6281 7000  E-mail: secretarial@rathi.com 
Website: www.anandrathi.com 
 
 
 
 
July 20, 2026 
     
To, 
To, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                      
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 544530 
Symbol: ARSSBL 
             
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
                                                               
 
Subject: 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript for the First Quarter Ended June 30, 2026 held on  
July 15, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated July 15, 2026, wherein we had informed regarding the audio link 
of the earnings call with analysts/investors for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026. In this regard, we are 
enclosing herewith copy of the earnings conference call transcript for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026, 
held on July 15, 2026.  
 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://anandrathi.com/investors  
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited  
 
 
 
Chetan Prajapati 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A39130 
 
Enclosed: As above 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
Chetan Pravin 
Prajapati
Digitally signed by 
Chetan Pravin Prajapati 
Date: 2026.07.20 
18:08:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
 
“Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
Q1 FY 27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 15, 2026 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP GUPTA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND STOCK 
BROKERS LIMITED 
 
MR. ROOP KISHOR BHOOTRA – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – ANAND RATHI SHARE AND STOCK 
BROKERS LIMITED 
 
MR. TARAK SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ANAND RATHI SHARE AND STOCK BROKERS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. CYRIL PAUL – EY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers 
Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by EY. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Cyril Paul from EY. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Cyril Paul: 
Thank you, Swapnali. Good evening everyone and welcome to the Q1 FY27 earnings call of 
Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited. The company has published its results and 
uploaded the investor presentation on the exchanges yesterday and you can also find them on 
the company's website. 
 
Before we start, a disclaimer: some of the statements made in today's earnings call may be 
forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties which can cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are 
made on management beliefs and assumptions based by information currently available to the 
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements while making their investment decisions. 
 
And on that note, let me introduce you to the management. We have with us Mr. Pradeep Gupta, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Roop Kishor Bhootra, Whole-Time Director; Mr. Tarak 
Shah, Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the team. Without further ado, I'd like to 
hand over the call to Mr. Gupta for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Thank you, Cyril. Good evening to all of you and a warm welcome to our first earnings call for 
the new financial year. FY27 has commenced against a backdrop of both challenges and 
opportunities. The Indian equity markets navigated a complex operating environment during 
Quarter 1 FY27, shaped by heightened geopolitical tensions, global macroeconomic 
uncertainties and elevated volatility. 
 
The West Asia crisis and the sustained uncertainty around the Strait of Hormuz led to a 
temporary spike in crude oil prices, exerting second-order pressure on input costs across 
industries globally and contributing to currency volatility. Foreign outflow continued through 
the quarter totaling roughly about ₹1.43 lakh crores across April-June quarter compared with the 
₹1.31 lakh crores during Jan-March 26 quarter. 
 
India's monsoon began with a sharp 40% rainfall deficit in June due to El Niño, though early 
July has seen a recovery that has narrowed the shortfall to around 20% below normal, supporting 
a catch-up in Kharif sowing activity. While these developments weighed on risk sentiment and 
kept investors cautious, the Indian economy and capital markets have continued to demonstrate 
remarkable resilience, supported by strong domestic liquidity, healthy macroeconomic 
fundamentals and sustained participation from domestic investors. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
 
This confidence was reflected in the market performance with benchmark indices gaining 
roughly about 6% to 7% sequentially. Retail investors continue to participate in the capital 
market story, as demonstrated by India's demat account base increased to 23 crores in June. Also 
the mutual fund industry, yet another barometer of investor sentiment, continued its strong 
growth trajectory with industry AUM reaching to ₹82.2 lakh crores in June 26 from ₹73.73 lakh 
crores in March 26, highlighting continued investor preference for market-linked saving 
avenues. 
 
This is also sustained with new SIP additions during the June month touching to about 66 lakh 
compared to 53 lakh during month of March. It is encouraging to note that this positive sentiment 
was not limited to investors alone. Corporate India also continued to demonstrate confidence in 
the capital market as reflected in a strong pipeline of about 42 companies filing draft offer 
documents with SEBI during the quarter, reaffirming the continued attractiveness of Indian 
capital market as a platform for growth and capital formation. 
 
It is pertinent to note that the broking industry is transitioning into a phase of more measured 
activity following the exceptional growth witnessed over the last few years. While the investor 
base continued to expand, accompanied with growth in cash market turnover sequentially by 
roughly about 13%, moderation is seen in the trading activity in the derivative segment, 
indicating the incremental participation is increasingly being driven by long-term investing 
rather than purely trading-led activities. 
 
A key driver of this transition has been the evolving regulatory framework. Both SEBI and the 
RBI have been taking a series of calibrated measures aimed at strengthening market resilience, 
improving risk discipline, reducing excessive leverage and enhancing investor protection within 
the financial system. 
 
SEBI's measures in the equity derivative segment, including upfront collection of option 
premium, tighter expiry day margin treatment, enhanced intraday position monitoring, higher 
contract sizes and rationalizing of weekly expiries are aimed at curbing excessive speculative 
activities and improving investor protection. In parallel, the RBI's revised capital market 
exposure framework, now effective from July 1st, 2026, introduces a more principle-based 
approach to bank lending to capital market intermediaries, resulting in increase in the working 
capital significantly. 
 
Now speaking about our company, I am happy to report that our business model remains well 
aligned to the evolving regulatory environment. With our focus strategy centered around 
maintaining a diversified revenue mix and a strong focus on client-led businesses, we believe 
we are well poised to navigate these changes while continuing to create long-term value for our 
stakeholders. 
 
The effectiveness of this strategy is clearly reflecting in our financial metrics. During the quarter, 
our total revenue from operations for the quarter stood at about ₹2,461 million, representing a 
growth of 22.37% Y-o-Y. EBITDA grew by 30.19% to ₹973 million, translating into a healthy 
EBITDA margin of 39.54%. And PAT before exceptional items grew by almost 71.2% to ₹391 
million, translating to PAT margin (before exceptional item) before exceptional item of 16%. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Our asset under custody stood at about ₹1.13 lakh crores, representing an annual growth of about 
21.44% from Q1 FY26. Our MTF book stood at ₹13,318 million with a strong rise of about 55% 
from last year, while the distribution AUM, which gives us a long trail income, reached to 
₹94,791 million, growing by about 25.82% Y-o-Y. Encouragingly, the expanding asset base has 
been complemented by healthy levels of client activity. 
 
During this quarter, we have recognized an exceptional expense of about ₹209.96 million 
towards the restoration of securities of two of our clients in depository segment businesses who 
suffered losses due to fraudulent off-market transfer from their demat account. The aforesaid 
amount includes the contingent liability disclosed in previous quarter, which has now been 
recognized as expense along with the impact of fraud identified during the current quarter in 
continuation to previous fraud. 
 
We have reported the incident to relevant authorities, including the depositories and stock 
exchanges, and has also lodged an FIR with Economic Offence Wing. The matter is currently 
under investigation with the relevant authorities. Nevertheless, as a matter of prudence and 
pending outcome of investigation, we have recognized the related outflow as of exceptional 
expense in the current quarter. We further state that the EOW has traced the money trail and has 
attached certain assets and bank accounts of the beneficiaries of fraudulent transactions. Further 
we have filed insurance claim to recover the eligible losses incurred. Any recoveries from such 
claim or through legal proceedings will be accounted for as and when the realization becomes 
reasonably certain. 
 
To further strengthen our internal control and processes, we have also hired an external 
consultant to have their valuable input and to incorporate the same wherever required to ensure 
such incidents do not occur in future. 
 
Going ahead, we expect our MTF book to reach around ₹1,750 crores to ₹1,800 crores by end 
of this financial year, while distribution AUM is targeted to scale by 40%, driven by higher 
wallet share of existing client and disciplined risk management. As guided earlier, we will 
continue to move towards maintaining a 50-50 mix between our broking and non-broking 
income, despite active growth in both the businesses. 
 
Another key priority is to deepen our client engagement through enhancing our digital platform, 
which now offer real-time data, advanced analytics and simplified portfolio tracking. We will 
focus on AI-led insights to enable a full end-to-end digital onboarding and transaction 
ecosystem, supported by deep integration with India's digital public infrastructure such as UPI, 
Account Aggregator framework and eSign and DigiLocker. 
 
We believe these initiatives will further strengthen our client franchise, improve scalability and 
position us well to capture the next phase of growth. Before I conclude, I would like to take this 
opportunity to thank all our stakeholders, shareholders for their participation in the first Annual 
General Meeting post listing and for their continued trust, encouragement and support. 
 
With that, I would like now to hand over the call to Mr. Roop Bhootra, our Whole-Time Director, 
who will take you through the financial and business performance in detail. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
 
Roop Bhootra: 
Thank you, Pradeep ji. Good evening everyone. I will give you a quick snapshot on the financial 
performance of first quarter financial year '27. As mentioned by Pradeep ji, our total revenue for 
the quarter stood at ₹2,461 million, reflecting a growth of 22% on a year-on-year basis, driven 
by growth in both broking and non-broking segments. 
 
On the profitability front, EBITDA for the quarter stood at ₹973 million, translating into an 
EBITDA margin of 39.54%, while PAT (before exceptional item) came in at ₹391 million, 
growing by 71.22% year-on-year basis, with a PAT margin (before exceptional item) of 16% 
and PAT (after exceptional item) is ₹233.51 million, growing by 2.35% Y-o-Y basis, with a 
PAT margin (after exceptional item) of 9.49%. 
 
At segmental level, our revenue mix during the quarter remained well balanced, with 52% 
contributed by the broking business, 29% by the non-broking segment comprising of MTF plus 
distribution, while remaining from other income. We continue to consistently focus on 
maintaining a near 50-50 mix over the medium terms, thereby reducing the impact of market 
volatility in the broking business on overall top line and ensuring greater stability and 
predictability of earnings. 
 
Within this framework, our broking income stood at ₹1,280 million, of which 51% came from 
equity cash segment, which is our core focus area. In the non-broking segment, interest income 
from our MTF book contributed ₹428 million, while income from distribution stood at ₹ 275 
million. 
 
Revenue from broking and related services has increased by approximately 7% on quarter-on-
quarter basis and MTF book and distribution AUM has increased by approximately 22% on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
During the quarter, our external credit rating was upgraded to A1+ for short-term bank facilities 
and were assigned a credit rating of A+ for long-term bank facilities. Our debt-equity ratio stands 
at 0.81 as of 30th June, which enables to increase our borrowing limit at reasonable cost. 
 
At the same time, we continue to invest in building our human capital, which remains a key 
differentiator for us. Our employee base has grown to 2,263 during the quarter, up from 2,148 
in quarter 1 FY26, reflecting our continued focus on strengthening execution capabilities and 
supporting long-term growth. 
 
Equally, the strength of our franchise is reflected in the longevity of our client relationships. 
Approximately 57% of our clients have been associated for over 3 years, underscoring strong 
client stickiness and trust in our platform. Overall, the quarter reflects the strength and resilience 
of our business model while the operating environment remains dynamic. We believe our 
diversified approach positions us well to navigate near-term challenges and capture emerging 
opportunities. 
 
We are now open to any questions you may have. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We will take the 
first question from the line of Nachiket Kale from NK. Please go ahead. 
Nachiket Kale: 
Yes, hi. Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. And also thankful for the insightful 
opening remark. It's good to know that you have also expanded your team and the employee 
count has gone up. So carrying on that front, just a macro question, what is your general outlook 
on the capital market overall, given that the volatility we've seen and the regulator curbs on 
F&O? And coupled with that, on the retail front, we've delivered grew, commendable non-
broking growth. So could you please comment further on what is the strategy and outlook on 
that? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Thank you for the question. Just to address over here, in my opinion and we believe that future 
for the capital market is definitely good and we believe there is going to be a constant growth 
going to happen going forward. I personally feel next 3 years are going to be good at least in in 
in coming days. 
 
Though we are seeing intermittently, there are concerns because of geopolitical reason or 
otherwise, but I personally feel that the GDP growth which is happening in our country is going 
to take you to a different level. And probably now the valuations are at a space where probably, 
people will again start looking at. 
 
So whatever FII outflow we have seen, we have already, experienced in in later days, in initial 
days of July first week, I think that have mellowed down to a great extent and over a period of 
time I think this may become positive. So I personally feel that market, capital market conditions 
are good and it's good for, broking industry and capital market related activities also. 
 
Now in terms of our, overall strategy, we have been constantly talking that pure broking 
businesses are obviously susceptible to the volatility because of a simple reason market, capital 
market, more specifically broking side, had got an volatility on a short-term basis. To reduce 
that volatility from our earnings, we have, taken a route to go for a non-broking side, which 
consists of all the distribution of financial products as well as margin trading funding book. And 
that's where we are constantly looking at it. And as a result, we have already reached to 
somewhere around ₹9,500 crores kind of a asset under management in our distribution book. 
 
And if you really look at it, our MTF, book which we where we have already reached to 
somewhere around ₹1,330 crores. So, I think and then, and our focus is constantly there. We 
believe that there is going to be a growth consistently coming or happening on a distribution side 
and we believe we are going to grow on a distribution side by about 40%.  
 
In terms of our MTF book. This is also a part of how much capital you can infuse and how much 
free capital or liquid capital is available with you or how you can probably raise the funds and 
probably put that capital for funding side. But this year we are aiming to reach to somewhere 
around ₹1,750 crores to ₹1,800 crores kind of a MTF book from presently ₹1,330 crores kind of 
a book. So that's what the status is and we believe that this is going to constantly grow in near 
future also. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Nachiket Kale: 
Right, but sir, in the grand scheme of things, what is the risk management approach towards 
MTF because, we've seen across the industry MTF volumes are picking up majorly once the 
F&O curbs came in. So, people are looking at it to leverage for maximum gain, but the reverse  
is also true. So, what is the risk management approach towards that? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So, you are absolutely right, this book is susceptible to risk, but it all depends how you are trying 
and managing your risk. So, I mean, we have done two-three things. One is we are not providing. 
This MTF book is not being allocated by anyone towards F&O side. This is largely for a cash 
market transaction. So, there is a security of cash market. 
 
And internally what we have done that we have segregated and whatever about 2,000 plus kind 
of a scrips are available for MTF book side and we have selected and chosen certain amount of 
securities within our selection criteria and we are funding and financing against only those kind 
of a securities. 
 
And again, if you really see our book position, our large portion of book position is below ₹1 
crores. That says that we are not taking a concentrated effort on a specific customer base. 
Similarly, we are also not -- we have created a various different parameters, that is where our 
concentration on one specific scrip is not happening and we are also not giving funding or 
financing or MTF loan to the customer beyond a individual specific limit being set by us. 
 
So, these are few of our internal control which we have put in and as a result, you will be happy 
to note that we have been working in this space since 2017 and there is not a single paisa or pie 
is being lost or we have seen any kind of a delinquencies in our, this MTF book. So yes, it all 
depends on management and we are doing and our risk management is quite capable to control 
all the risk which may or which can happen in this particular book. 
Nachiket Kale: 
Okay, great. Thanks, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Yash Jhurani from Qode Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Yash Jhurani: 
Hello, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yash, you're audible. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Yes, you're audible, Yash. 
Yash Jhurani: 
So, I just had two small questions. One was on the MTF loan book which grew around 21% this 
quarter, but interest earned on it stayed kind of flat and like I just wanted to know why is that? 
And is the MTF rate coming down overall in the industry or it did the loan growth say generally 
happened in the last quarter? So that was the first question. 
 
And the second one being, most of our clients are older and loyal, say at around 57% are three 
plus years, but as young investors, say, come into the market and the average turnover increases 
overall, they go straight towards the app. Where do you see the next client at your end coming 
from? 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Roop Bhootra: 
Yes, Yes, Yash. So it's a really good question where you have rightly analyzed that yes, our 
MTF interest income, that is flat in Q4 and the current Q1. So there is one important thing which 
is there, in both the quarter if you go in terms of the average book which is there, that book is 
flat. But the positive aspect which is there, that in March month actually the book got reduced 
because you might be aware about that particular, in that particular month, the market fell down 
by 15% approximately in terms of mid-cap side. 
So book size has reduced and book size went down in last quarter and it was near to the extent 
of ₹1,100 crores. But post that the book has started increasing on gradual basis and book has 
reached by the year end at a peak level of ₹1,330 crores. So the since the average book size in 
both the quarter was at par, so that's why the interest income was at a flat level, but the positive 
thing that book is now continuously growing in this particular quarter. So this is the reason that 
interest income is on flat side. And second thing you have asked in terms of the, Yes. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So you have asked about the, 57% three year plus and looking at young population who are 
largely attracting towards app side. If you really see our model, we are largely targeting those 
customers who are well understood and in age group of about 25 to 30 years, because of a simple 
reason those are the customers who are literally ripe enough and are -- understand enough about 
the investment philosophy and they are largely working and looking at wealth creation and 
wealth building by way of investing in investment products such as equity and other investment 
products such as mutual fund, AIF and PMS and so and so forth. 
And that's where our target customer lies. Having said that, all those customers at a initial age 
bracket, those who are interested in investment and those who wants to only look at investment 
are also our target customer through our app and they are literally coming on the app through us 
also -- with us also. 
But if you really look at and glance through the market side, largely those young customers are 
opting the F&O over investment in cash market and that's where initially three to five years they 
spend -- they work on a trading activities, they execute their trades on F&O basis in F&O 
businesses and once they understand that they cannot devote time, they cannot keep pace with 
those kind of a trading activity as well as they lost their money over there, then they start 
changing their strategies and come to investment platform and look at investment as an avenue. 
So in our case, obviously, we are deliberately looking at those kind of a customers who are 
looking for an investment solution and interested to invest and create their growth and that's the 
reason you will find about 30 years plus customer base is with us in large and the longevity of 
customer base with us for more than three year, five year is 49%*.   
(* this should be read as 43.44% instead of 49%) 
Yash Jhurani: 
Sir, just one small follow-up, just need a number if it's possible. Could we know the customer 
acquisition cost that we take to get these kinds of customers above the age of 30? Is it possible 
for us to know? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So typically if you really see we do not really maintain and manage from a customer acquisition 
cost because of a simple reason we do have RMs who are supporting and assisting our customers 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
 
all across the country. Now these RMs are getting lots of referrals because of our service 
standard, because of our deliveries and we are also acquiring these customers by way of doing 
various different activities in various different places and regions. 
So based on those activities we invite customers to and educate them on various different 
platform on investment and investment products and that's where the existing customer as well 
as prospective customer comes, hear us -- hear our views on a different platform and then they 
start chasing us and talking to us for their investments and that's the reason we really can't make 
out what is the actual cost to acquire a specific customer base. But by and large with these 
activities our customer cost -- customer acquisition cost is really, really in control. 
Roop Bhootra: 
Just to add to it, apart from our own I can say the B2C channel, we have B2B channel which is 
equally strong and there all our business partner or franchisee, they are there on the complete 
variable model. So they are also acquiring clients on constant basis based on their relationship 
and naturally in that particular vertical the cost is again the zero in terms of any acquisition. 
Yash Jhurani: 
Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Arka Bhattacharjee from Finedge 
Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Arka Bhattacharjee: 
Yes, hi. Good afternoon, sir. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I have one question 
regarding this 21 crores compensation that has been made to the clients. Any specific 
enhancement that you have made to this by digital security framework so that these things do 
not happen in future? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
I'm sorry, Mr. Bhattacharjee, can you just repeat the question? I can't really get your voice 
clearly. Can you just repeat again? 
Arka Bhattacharjee: 
Yes, sir. Sorry for this. I was asking that there was this 21 crores of compensation that our 
company has made to the clients. So I just wanted to know is there a specific measurement that 
has been taken to handle these kind of security framework which might not repeat in future so 
that like these things will not impact the balance sheet? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Yes. So Mr. Bhattacharjee, you might have heard and I have covered in my address that this is 
a typical fraudulent activity which has occurred in our depository side. You know, in our 
company we are depository participant also and this activity had happened with two of our 
customer who were dormant in nature, in that means their DP holdings are there with us since 
long, but there was no major activity happening in DP buying or DP transfers, as well as they 
were not active at all with us in our trading platform. 
So what had happened, some fraudster has taken a clue and started embezzled and transferred 
these securities in their account and -- I mean this was not being, realized by the investor, until 
almost in a year's time. It was after pointing out after internal assessment we found and we then 
we spoke to the investor and we talked to them then we came to know that some activity had 
happened with these two customers. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
 
We went into a detail, checked all our processes, we found all the -- maximum processes are 
being followed and there are certain amount of activity for which we appointed, you know, 
outside agency including EY to do forensic audit as well as to run through a complete check of 
our processes and systems. That thing is still happening and whatever report or overall 
suggestions going to come, we are destined to implement that to strengthen our processes. 
At the same time internally we have look at our processes and wherever fine-tuning in the 
process is to be done, we have already done that. In terms of reporting this case to various 
authorities we have done that, including police with EOW. The investigation is still on and 
money trail whatever money trail so far, police, has been able to recover and seen, they have 
frozen those assets in those account. 
As you know this is a process where probably they have to complete the investigation and then 
only will come to know how much amount can be recovered over there. At the same time we 
have also lodged our complaint with the with the insurance companies and giving them all the, 
you know, data and record and supporting so that they can take and evaluate this the whole 
matter and then settle the claim. 
So we are expecting that the claim settlement and by way of recovering from the, you know, 
freeze assets, which are being frozen by the police authority, we will be able to recover sizeable 
amount out of the money which has been, you know, spent by the company and shown over here 
as an one-time, expense. 
I personally feel that it's a matter of time and since we have to replenish these securities as a 
great goodwill gesture as well as, you know, to our customer we have, you know, provided all 
the securities which is being lost by those customers into their account and while procuring those 
securities from the market whatever cost which we have to incur has been debited to the P&L. 
There was no other way we can probably show and reflect into our P&L and that's where that's 
the way we have shown it and disclosed all the facts about this case into our Quarter 1 ‘27 
financials. 
Arka Bhattacharjee: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks a lot for the detailed answer. And regarding the subsidiary part that you 
are making the expansion, this move that you are state has been taken, just wanted to understand 
given your wealth manager DNA, what is the target asset -- target AUM that you are planning 
to grow in this next 12 to 18 months in Dubai? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So typically this as you know we are also addressing and servicing lots of NRI customer base 
from India and our, you know, RM teams are supporting and assisting and guiding and those 
NRI also are active on our online app. We found that lots of NRI from UAE regions are 
constantly working with us and seeing and requesting us to give them a little bit more active 
support to address the need. 
And we see the potential is there in that UAE region. To looking at that, we have to create a 
structure where probably we can assist, guide and market and show them the investment products 
into that region to those NRI who are willing to invest in India. To do that we have to follow 
certain compliance and for that we have to create a subsidiary and that's the reason, we have 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
 
passed a resolution to create an subsidiary unit in Dubai and get necessarily necessary light -- 
necessary licenses so that we can address the need of those customers without any regulatory 
hurdles. 
Arka Bhattacharjee: 
Okay. And the last question that I have on the future revenue guidance. In the last con call, 
Chairman has guided for the long-term overall revenue growth should be between 15% to 20% 
year-on-year. So in the Quarter FY27, the revenue from this operation already grew by 22% I 
think, which is at the upper end of the long-term guidance. So this early achievement of your 
50-50 diversification goal that you have, do you see any headroom to revise this annual growth 
guidance for the full year of FY27? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So our typical endeavour is going to be that we are going constantly going to grow between, you 
know, 20% to 25%. 15% to 25% is a range which we have set for ourselves and obviously we 
will keep on doing it and addressing this issue. As you know, till the time our dependence on 
broking in a larger way, till the time we are not going to achieve the 50-50% kind of a module 
in broking and non-broking, we will constantly see that our revenue growth should be minimum 
around 15% to 20% and our bottom line which is PAT should grow by somewhere around 30% 
to 35%. 
And we will stick to our -- that guidelines and we will keep on improvising over there. Yes, we 
have been able to achieve 22% kind of a growth in revenue terms as of now from our, you know, 
year-on-year basis target and we will keep on working towards it over a period of time. 
Arka Bhattacharjee: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you everyone for everything. That's all of my questions. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Priyam from Trinetra Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Priyam: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand the, you know, a lot of full-
service brokers have announced their plan to set up a structure in GIFT City and or, you know, 
set up international investing. I think that is going to be a deep flavour of growth in in the coming 
years. I just wanted to understand your thought process on it and whether we are going to do 
something about it? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So typically, you are absolutely right, many of, you know, full-service brokerage houses and 
even I would say online broking houses are trying and venturing the international, offering and 
providing those international offering to the domestic customer base. If you really look at it, we 
do have our, you know, one subsidiary unit which is listed in GIFT City and already active and 
participating for this kind of an activity. And right now, we are completely focusing to address 
the need of NRI customer base for invest for their investment within the country.  
But over a period of time, you know, we do have capability, capacity to expand that, base for 
international businesses. Right now, I do not see that there is an much of a value addition which 
can be provided because our philosophy is pretty clear that any product or any investment, 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
 
product which we are submitting to a customer until unless we do not understand that product 
really well and until unless we do not see a value addition being provided to our customer, we 
normally do not go and take an hasty decision to incorporated that, incorporate that product 
basket with us.  
And another little bit, problem for domestic customers is that all these investments are subject 
to your LRS limitation where probably you have to take permission and under that LRS scheme 
you can probably go and invest only to a certain amount of dollar which is $250,000 per account 
per year. So those are the kind of a limitations again can crop up and to address those issues one 
has to be very, vigilant and we will probably once we will get some answer, we can look at it. 
But right now, we are not really providing any kind of a such, platform or such, activity at our 
end.  
Though we are also our distribution team, distribution product team has started evaluating few 
of our distribution product which is mutual fund or other product which are dollar denominated. 
We are researching them, we are studying them and once we get certain amount of clarity , we 
believe that we have got a created certain amount of view on that, those kind of a product, to our 
NRI customer base can be a possibility which can be given to them, which can be shown to them 
and we will probably provide to them. 
Priyam: 
Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Shweta Sharma from Arihant Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Hello, am I audible? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Yes, ma'am. You are quite audible, Shweta. Thank you. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Thank you so much, sir, for opportunity. Sir, we see a Q-o-Q dip in non-broking segment this 
quarter. So, can you throw some light on it and how do you plan to avoid such de-growth in 
coming quarter? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Shweta, if you really see Q-on-Q basis distribution if you compare in broking industry and when 
you are looking at distribution, in distribution JFM period is largely also driven by insurance 
businesses. Most of the insurance businesses happen in January, February, March.  
And because of that, while marketing and selling these insurance policies, you have got a big 
amount of revenue coming from insurance businesses also. And that's the reason you will find 
your JFM quarter is going to be always higher and April, May, June the selling of those insurance 
policies comes down and that makes an impact in Q-on-Q basis. 
Otherwise, if you really look at our AUM in mutual fund has grown, in AUM in any other 
product has grown and Q-on-Q basis, so revenue from those products apart from insurance 
revenues are literally growing on an steady basis. That's what, making an impact on distribution 
business. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
 
Roop Bhootra: 
Just to add to it whatever Pradeepji mentioned. Rightly in terms of distribution side AUM has 
grown and that AUM has grown not only just because of the market changes or market-related 
impact. We were able to collect in fact in last quarter the highest net collection basis in terms of 
AUM. So, we were able to add that particular part. 
 
And in terms of I can say the revenue side, since as I mentioned earlier that in March month 
market was down almost by 14% to 15% for which the impact was continued in terms of this 
particular, I think the last quarter at the initial period in terms of trail revenue also. Because 
whenever as you know well that in case of when market is falling in this kind of scenario, 
immediately it is getting -- I can say the trail revenue is reducing. But the overall basis we were 
able to increase all those businesses other than the insurance business. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much, sir. my second question is, the debt-equity ratio appears 
elevated this quarter. So, could you explain the reason behind such increase and going forward 
should we expect any further increase in leverage? 
Roop Bhootra: 
Our idea is surely there to increase the debt-equity ratio. In fact, debt-equity ratio earlier it came 
down because naturally with the infusion of the money through IPO, immediately the capital 
infusion took place, but the borrowings will take place later on the place. Our idea is surely to 
improve this debt-equity ratio. We are very much comfortable. 
 
And in the industry, on overall basis people are there at around 1.5 to 2 kind of debt-equity ratio, 
which is a very comfortable ratio. Currently we are there just at 0.8 times and we are constantly 
going for the borrowing to improve our both on the MTF book side as well as the overall total I 
can say on the book size. So, we will continuously work towards that in terms of borrowing. 
And for that particular thing our as I mentioned our rating has also improved which is going to 
help us in terms of having that particular borrowing part. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Just to add what Mr. Roop said, Shweta, in our businesses we are borrowing money only to 
expand our businesses to take care of our working capital requirement as well as put that money 
for margin trading facility. So whatever borrowing is happening, whatever debt-equity is 
happening, in fact that is yielding results by way of interest income in MTF as well as the broking 
income and that's where you are trying to multiply and you are trying to gain over there. So that's 
how this whole borrowing is going to be utilized. 
 
So, it's a positive thing, in the sense that we are not crossing the boundaries and we are not over-
leveraging that. I believe in this scenario, uh, in this industry, two-time kind of a debt-equity is 
reasonable. And we were there,. when we raised the fund, we were there somewhere around 1.2 
-- around 2 times of a debt-equity and at that point of time we have infused the capital. 
Shweta Sharma: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Deep Himani from Choice Equities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
    Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Limited 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Deep Himani: 
Sure. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, I have one question. Sir, can you please share 
the blended yield that is being currently earned on the MTF book and like what would be the 
average cost of funds during the quarter? 
Roop Bhootra: 
Our yield in terms of MTF book is around 14% kind of level and naturally on that particular 
additional income in terms of brokerage is generated towards the cash market delivery side, that 
is separate. 
Deep Himani: 
Okay. And sir, the last question, like how should investors think about -- hello, am I audible? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Yes, Yes, you're audible. Please go ahead. 
Deep Himani: 
How should investors think like what would be the sustainability of spreads going forward? 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So this is a this is a impact of market conditions, how much liquid the market is. For example, 
borrowing happening in the market right now because of liquidity concerns, tightness of 
liquidity, the borrowing is going to be at a little higher rate. But at the same time the same impact 
can be passed on to the investor, because if anybody would like to raise funds in MTF book, you 
can raise that. 
 
So it's a completely individualistic approach, I personally feel. And there are enough margins 
available and you can probably play this book really well if you have that kind of a skills 
available with you and the kind of a customer base to whom you are literally addressing. 
Deep Himani: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
Thank you, Himani. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that will be the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Pradeep Gupta for the closing comment. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Pradeep Gupta: 
So thank you investors. Thanks a lot for all your guidance, support and the kind of a question 
you are asking. We at Anand Rathi Share and Stock Broking Limited are always committed for 
the well-being and goodness and constant growth of all our stakeholder and we remain 
committed for that. Thank you. Thanks a lot, and a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. On behalf of EY, we conclude this conference. Thank 
you everyone for joining with us today and you may now disconnect your lines. 
