 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manufacturers & Exporters: 
Flexible Intermediate Bulk Container (FIBC) I PP Multifilament Yarn I UV Master Batches I Fabrics I CPP Films 
CIN: L25209UP1971PLC003444 
 
 
 
D-19,20 Panki Industrial Area, 
Kanpur-208022, India
+91(512) 2691113-116
info@kanplas.com
www.kanplas.com
 
05th August, 2026 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 507779 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: KANPRPLA 
 
Sub:- Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 –Submission of Transcript of Earning Conference Call on quarter / financial year ended June 
30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform that an Earning Conference call for the Standalone and Consolidated Unaudited 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 was held on Wednesday, July 29, 
2026 at 4:00 PM. The Transcript of the conference call is available on the website of the Company.  
 
Link of the Transcript of conference call held on Wednesday, July 29, 2026 at 4:00 PM. 
 
https://www.kanplas.com/report_pdf/KanpurPlastipack_-_Q1_FY27_Earnings_Call_Transcript_Jul29-
2026._1786076326.pdf 
 
Please take this on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
 
 
 
(Ankur Srivastava) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
Ankur 
Srivastava
Digitally signed by Ankur Srivastava 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, postalCode=208014, l=Kanpur Nagar, st=Uttar 
Pradesh, street=H3, Shree Tirupati Greens Apartements Saket Nagar, Juhi 
Colony, Uttar Pradesh India 208014 Jagran College, Telephone Exchange 
Road, title=9927, 
2.5.4.20=cc27d3f9436efa6c804fa6e8802e5dacc2f47956a9cbf329592c256
d8c8f3a5c, 
serialNumber=4b23e7cbde87752eb6b8834bca897fb9311ca9bdfa9ec226
a725911e719ed408, email=ankursrivastavacs5985@gmail.com, cn=Ankur 
Srivastava 
Date: 2026.08.05 09:55:55 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Kanpur Plastipack Limited Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: Mr. Manoj Agarwal - Chairman Cum Managing Director 
Mr. Shashank Agarwal - Deputy Managing Director 
Mr. Shobhit Agarwal – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Ankur Srivastava- Company Secretary 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited. 
Today we have with us, Mr. Manoj Agarwal, Chairman cum Managing Director and Mr. 
Shashank Agarwal, Deputy Managing Director. We will begin with opening remarks from the 
management followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
Please note that this discussion may include forward-looking statements which should be 
viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 0 on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Agarwal – Chairman cum Managing Director for 
his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Manoj Agarwal: 
Good evening, everyone and welcome to Kanpur Plastipack Ltd.'s earnings call for the 1st 
Quarter of the Financial Year 2026-'27. 
Thank you all for joining us today and for your continued trust and confidence in the company. 
On behalf of Kanpur Plastipack Ltd, I extend a warm welcome to all of you, all investors, 
analysts and stakeholders to our earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
The 1st Quarter of Financial Year 2027 marks a strong beginning to the financial year for 
Kanpur Plastipack Ltd. During the quarter, the company achieved two significant milestones. 
First, by reporting quarterly total income exceeding Rs. 200 crores for the first time. This 
reflects the resilience of our business models, the confidence of our customers and the 
disciplined execution of our teams. Second key milestone during the quarter has been the 
successful operationalization of our joint venture with Essegomma, Italy. Commercial 
production and sales of premium Taslan yarn have commenced, marking our entry into a new 
value-added product segment and strengthening our capabilities in technical textile 
applications. Through this partnership, we are bringing advanced technology and specialized 
product capabilities into India, particularly in premium polypropylene Taslan yarns and high-
performance applications. Beyond expanding our product portfolio, this collaboration 
strengthens our technological capabilities and positions us to serve evolving customer 
requirements more effectively. 
We have successfully obtained two internationally recognized certifications, Global Recycle 
Standards called GRS and OEKOTEX, marking a significant milestone in our journey towards 
sustainable innovation, superior quality and global competitiveness. These certifications are 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
expected to strengthen our position in the market, enhance customer confidence and support 
value creation in the coming quarters. Based on the encouraging customer response, we are 
confident of scaling up sales from the Q2 of the current financial year. 
The global business environment continues to remain dynamic during the quarter, influenced 
by geopolitical developments, evolving tariff policies, volatility on raw material prices, 
elevated ocean freight costs and supply chain disruptions. Despite these external challenges, 
our diversified export presence, long-standing customer relationships and agile business 
approach enabled us to deliver another quarter of healthy growth. Our focus during the quarter 
remained unchanged. We continue to execute our long-term strategy of strengthening the 
quality of our business, while creating new avenues of growth. Rather than pursuing growth 
purely through higher volumes, we remain committed to improving our product portfolio, 
expanding into value-added applications and building capabilities that will support sustainable 
profitability over the long term. 
FIBC continues to remain the cornerstone of our business. Over the years, we have established 
enduring relationships with customers across international markets, enabling us to maintain a 
stable business despite changing market conditions. Our diversified customer base across 
Europe, North America, South America and other international markets continues to provide 
resilience and balanced growth opportunities. Our continued participation in international trade 
fairs has strengthened our inquiry pipeline and helped us expand our reach into new markets. 
As informed earlier, the capacity expansion of FIBC to further add up to 6,000 metric tons per 
annum over the next five years is on track. Construction of a new building is progressing 
wherein ground floor has been completed and production started. First and second floors of the 
building will be completed by the middle of September. While strengthening our core 
business, we are equally focused on creating the next phase of growth. Our investment in 
premium polypropylene yarns, technical textile solutions and specialized applications reflect 
our vision of transforming Kanpur Plastipack into a diversified industrial packaging and 
technical textile company. These initiatives are intended to expand our addressable market 
while improving product differentiation and enhancing value addition. 
One of the key strategic initiatives for the company continues to be our entry into the non-
woven technical textile segment. We believe this business offers significant long-term 
opportunities across sectors including automotive, interior, geotextiles, artificial leather, 
carpets and footwear and other industrial applications. With commercial production expected 
to commence during the current financial year, this business will gradually emerge as an 
important contributor to our future growth while complementing our existing packaging 
portfolio. The Company remains on track to commission the non-woven fabric facility by Q3 
of 2026-'27. Our entry into this space also opens up opportunities and select B2C linked 
applications over time which can further diversify our business model and create new growth 
drivers. Sustainability also remains central to the way we operate. We continue to strengthen 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
our environmental, social and governance practices through responsible manufacturing, energy 
efficiency initiatives and continuous improvement in our operational process. Overall, the 
near-term market conditions must continue to witness periods of volatility. We remain 
confident in the strength of our business model, our diversified customer relationships and the 
strategic investments we have made over the past few years. 
Our objective remains clear to build a stronger, more diversified and future ready organization 
capable of delivering sustainable growth and creating long-term value for all our stakeholders. 
With that, I would now like to invite our Deputy Managing Director Mr. Shashank Agarwal to 
take you through the operational and financial performance for the quarter in greater detail. 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Thank you and good evening to everyone joining us today. 
As the Chairman highlighted, we have begun FY '27 on a very strong note, achieving several 
important milestones during the quarter. Before discussing the operational highlights, let me 
briefly take you through the financial performance of the quarter. For the 1st Quarter FY '27 on 
a standalone basis, despite the global disturbances and supply chain disruptions, the company 
reported a total income of Rs. 207.49 crores, reflecting a healthy growth of Rs. 13.86 crores 
year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 22.19 crores, registering a strong growth of 
58.98% year-on-year. EBITDA margin improved to 10.69% from 7.66% from the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
PAT stood at Rs. 12.14 crores, representing an impressive growth of 112% year-on-year, while 
basic EPS increased to 4.96 compared to 3.01 in Q1 FY '26. Our focus on improving product 
mix, operation efficiency and discipline execution combined with the strength of our long-
standing relationships with our suppliers and distributors enabled us to navigate the crisis 
effectively. And report a robust year-on-year growth in EBITDA and net profit. 
During the quarter, the company witnessed a significant improvement in realizations, with an 
average selling price increasing by 31% in comparison to the previous quarter. However, the 
average raw material price increased by only 18% in comparison to the previous quarter. Thus, 
the increase in realizations significantly outpaced the increase in input costs. This favorable 
pricing environment coupled with our disciplined procurement strategy and improved product 
mix contributed to stronger margins during this quarter. 
During FY25-'26, the company generated a profit of Rs. 10.38 crores from trading activities, 
out of which Rs. 7.55 crores was recognized only in Q4, driven by an exceptional market 
volatility and supply chain disruption. During Q1 FY '27, the company reported a trading 
profit of Rs. 2.93 crores as compared to Rs. 1.25 crores in the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year.  

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Our primary focus continues to remain on our core manufacturing business, however, given 
our deep understanding of the polymer market and import opportunities, we selectively 
capitalized opportunities arising from temporary market dislocations and price volatility. We 
will continue to evaluate such opportunities prudently, while maintaining a disciplined 
approach to inventory, procurement, and working capital management. 
Employee costs during the quarter increased by approximately Rs. 3.5 crores compared to the 
previous quarter, primarily due to the annual salary revision and the increase in minimum 
wages in line with the state government's revised wage policy. While this has increased 
operating costs, the company continues to implement focus initiatives around mitigating risks 
like cost optimization, operation efficiencies, productivity improvements, automation 
opportunities, and value-added products. We are confident that over the next 12-18 months, we 
should be in a position to mitigate this increased cost. 
On the debt side, the net debt on 30 June 2026 stood at Rs. 132 crores, a long term of Rs. 34 
crores which was about Rs. 112 crores on 31st March 2026. Exports continue to be the 
backbone of our business and remain a significant contributor to overall revenues. During the 
quarter, Europe continued to be the largest export market, contributing to about 60% of 
exports, followed by South America about 20% and North America about 16%. Australia and 
Asia stood at about 4.5% and Africa at 0.5%. This diversified geographical presence helps us 
mitigate regional demand fluctuations while ensuring a balanced and more resilient export 
portfolio. Coupled with long-standing customer relationships built over several decades, it 
enables us to maintain stable business momentum and deepen our engagement with existing 
customers across global markets. 
Even from a product portfolio perspective, our portfolio remains quite diversified. In Q1 FY 
'27, we did 52% of FIBC, 20% of Fabric, 12% of Small Bags, 8% of Multifilament Yarns and 
others contributed about 8%. Even within these product categories, these products are for 
different applications and different industries which further enhances our diversification 
attempt. 
As the Chairman highlighted, our premium polypropylene Taslan yarn business has made an 
encouraging start with a successful commercialization in Q1 FY '27. We remain very positive 
for the sales to start boosting from Q2 FY '27, which is supported by customer responses, 
internationally recognized certifications that have been obtained, and brand owner approvals 
that have already been obtained. Through our joint venture with Essegomma, we are 
introducing advanced manufacturing capabilities, specialized products, and addressing a 
growing customer requirement for extremely high-performance industrial applications and 
luxury applications, which is completely recyclable. Non-woven technical textile projects also 
progress well during the quarter. Construction and installation activities are progressing as 
planned. We expect revenues to start coming in Q3 FY '26-'27. Once operational, this facility 
will enable us to address a significantly larger market opportunity across automotive interiors, 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
geotextiles, artificial leathers, carpets, filtration, and several other industrial applications. This 
business represents an important pillar of our long-term diversification strategy in products and 
industry applications. 
On the manufacturing front, we continue to invest in automation, process optimization, 
infrastructure enhancement across our facilities. Our capacity expansion initiatives also 
continue to progress in line with our long-term growth. At Valex Ventures, certain customer 
supplies were strategically delayed and scheduled after the first fortnight of July to align with 
the implementation of the Free Trade Agreement with the UK, therefore enhancing our 
commercial competitiveness. Coupled with structural changes undertaken in Valex, we are 
optimistic about improved operational and financial performance in FY '27. 
On the raw material front, polymer prices which witnessed significant volatility during March 
to May '26 due to geopolitical developments have largely stabilized, providing improved 
visibility for procurement planning, however, there needs to be a caution on the logistics 
environment that is now playing with the ocean freights increasing substantially from $2,000 
to $5,000 in the last two months. 
We are continuously closely monitoring the foreign exchange movements and other global 
trade developments. Despite these external challenges, our disciplined procurement strategies, 
strong supplier relationships, diversified customer base, proactive engagement with customers 
continue to support operational stability. Demand visibility continues to be about four weeks, 
reflecting the current procurement pattern of customers where they do not want to procure at 
extremely high prices. Cautious procurement approach also helps in stabilizing demand in the 
latter part of the year. Building on the strong momentum established in Q1, we remain 
optimistic about opportunities ahead. Demand across our core export markets remains stable. 
Investment in technical textiles, premium value-added products, and manufacturing 
capabilities are well positioned to capitalize on the emerging opportunities. We will continue 
to focus on operations excellence, customer-centric approach, innovation in product 
development, 
and 
disciplined 
financial 
allocation. 
Backed 
by 
the 
progressive 
commercialization of our strategic growth subject to prevailing market conditions, we should 
deliver a strong performance in FY '26-'27. 
With that, we conclude our opening remarks. Thank you once again for joining us today. We 
should be very happy to take questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is on the line of Shubhi Gupta from Trinetra Asset Managers. Please proceed. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Sir, I wanted to ask that we were witnessing some raw material volatility because of West Asia 
conflict. So, I wanted to understand how is that progressing for us? 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, there are two parts to it. One is the conflict itself that created a disruption because it was 
unexpected. So, there was a high level of unexpectation in March when this happened. Now 
even while the crisis continues to be there, the market has understood the crisis and the supply 
chains and the governments are taking actions that are required to be taken now. So, there is 
more stability. That kind of extreme volatility is not there. So, it was moving plus minus 25% 
at that time. Now it is moving plus minus 10%. That is the difference. There was also a 
significant difference that in March, there was also a government order which prohibited 
petrochemical companies to make petrochemicals alone and rather they had to prioritize LPG 
production. That also has been relaxed now. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
So, is that something that we can pass over to our customers? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, in our business, mostly whatever the raw material increase and decrease is either ways, we 
are able to pass it on to the customers. There could be a lag of two weeks or one month or one 
quarter depending on the market situation, but it always gets passed on. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Okay, so my second question is this B2C segment, B2C linked premium applications that you 
are transitioning towards. So, what is the marginal differential for this line of segment? What 
can we expect? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, in B2C there are two parts. One is the ESSEKAN and the other is the non-woven technical 
textile. So, I will first cover the ESSEKAN part. So, ESSEKAN, we are expecting the revenue 
of about Rs. 10 crore rupees this year, which should be at an EBITDA level 20%-25%, which 
is significantly higher than what we are doing. I have been repeatedly saying that it is very 
hard to do the first 10 and then it is going to get easier to do the next 90 and then from there 
the sky is the limit. But we are looking at 20%-25% kind of EBITDA. On the non-woven 
technical textiles, we are looking at a mid-level double-digit kind of EBITDA on B2C in non-
woven. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
So, what is the total EBITDA margin that we are looking for, for this quarter? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
For the entire company? 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Yes. 
Shashank Agarwal: 
I would not be able to give a very exact guidance on it at the moment, but we should be able to 
continue the level that we are at. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please 
proceed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Namaskar, Shashankji. Namaskar, Bade Babu. Thank you for this opportunity. Just in 
continuation to the earlier participants, if you could just explain to us, sir, for the ESSEKAN 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
part of the story, what would be the peak revenue on the current installed capacity or the JV 
which we have done? And when will we be anticipating? How much will be Rs. 10 crores in 
terms of capacity utilized? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Rs. 10 crores is about, so we can reach the maximum volume of about Rs. 30 crores with the 
current capacity. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And sir, once we reach that optimum number, then only we can look forward for how 
we are going to… 
Shashank Agarwal: 
The moment we reach 50% to 60% of the capacity, we will be installing more capacity. 
Because the cost of adding capacity is not very high. It is not a very high CAPEX kind of 
thing. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. And now coming to the FIBC part of the story, sir, I think in your opening remark, 
you did mention that our realizations have gone up. So, if you could just give that 
understanding how have the current realizations been and if our cost structure, the gap between 
the increment, increase in the revenue and the cost is less, we have got the higher of the two, 
then why are the margins not expanded for the quarter? If you could just explain what factors 
did not allow us to enhance the margin? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, the EBITDA margin expanded. So, EBITDA from manufacturing was at 12.6%. When we 
see manufacturing, yes, it has expanded. So, that is number one. Number two, it could have 
expanded more. But we can see that there is an increased employee cost of about Rs. 3 crore a 
quarter. Which has led due to the annual salary division and the increase in minimum wages of 
the state government. There is an additional point. The third point is that there was also a 
decrease in the total manufactured volume in FIBC due to the supply chain disruption and little 
labor disruptions also were there. Yes, please. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so I will come to that part also. But you mentioned in your opening remark that 31% 
was the value realization have gone up, whereas the cost of RM is 18%. So, is that 
understanding correct in the remark which you made just now, that there was 12%, there 
should be on a whole 12% incremental margin. Is that understanding correct or how should we 
see? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
No, the average selling price increased by 31%. That is correct. And the average raw material 
price went up by 18%. That's correct. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so the gap, the entire gap will be that your other costs have increased, they have eaten 
up your margins. That is what the understanding should be. Otherwise, the margin would have 
increased? 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes, but the margin, the significant part of it is the employee cost, right, which is about 1.5%. 
Similarly, freight also has marginally gone up during this period. There are certain one-time 
fixed costs which were also there, which was related to the disruption during this period. We 
also participated in a couple of international exhibitions during this period. So, everything put 
together, in terms of variable cost, on an ongoing basis, I am not very concerned apart from the 
labor costs that have gone up. There is no significant increase in the energy costs. A little bit of 
packing costs was also increased during this period. Then a little bit of oil, because oil is also a 
consumable in our item. That was also increased. There were also electricity disruptions during 
this period. So, a combination of all these things put together. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so put to rest all these factors, we are now one-third into the second quarter. So, can you 
explain to us which factors are behind us and which are still continuing to linger on? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, I have already spoken about what is behind us in terms of the disruption geopolitical, but 
we never know what happens again. So, we are not taking a position or any kind of call on 
how the oil would be, how the geopolitical situation would be. We are trying to derisk our 
purchases against our sales. We are seeing wherever there is an opportunity. There are two 
challenges that could come up in the remaining part of the year. One is freight, which I 
mentioned that $2,000 freight has become $5,000. This could disrupt demand significantly 
because people might not end up buying so much in case the freight is so high. That is one part 
of the problem. The second part of the problem is we might have to share a little bit of this 
cost, which might damage the margin. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Now, if time permits for the FIBC part, then I will join the queue. You have mentioned about 
our target of capacity addition of 6,000 metric ton in five years. And for Q1, our contribution 
was 52%. So, as per our business plan, what would be the addition for the current year and 
how will this ratio behave? And then, sir, in your presentation, which is very well and very 
exhaustive also, so congratulations for maintaining this. Slide number 17, if you could explain 
to us that on a quarter – on – quarter basis also and on an year-on-year basis also, our FIBC in 
the product mix has gone down. So, you did explain to the disruption, but what should now 
things be looking like if you could just explain these two parts. First is on the increment on the 
FIBC capacity. What are we expecting this year and what explains this Q-on-Q and year-on-
year decline and how should this shape up for the quarter? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, I think both the questions are in the same direction that what is going to happen to FIBC, 
which is the cash cow of the company and the main focus of the company. So, we are 
committed to reaching 5,000 tons per quarter. That is the target for our next Q1 FY '28. So, 
directionally, we are in that direction. Now from time to time, there have been procurement 
challenges in terms of raw material. There have been demand challenges from the market. 
There have been manpower challenges in terms of the manpower availability. This has caused 
our pace to be a little slow. But I think most of it is behind us now and we should be tending 
towards that direction. So, I do not want to give a very product mix percentage because this is 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
all dependent on the selling price, whether freight is included or not included, what is the 
percentage of freight, what is the percentage of raw material. But directionally, where we want 
to move is 5,000 tons per quarter by next FY '27-'28. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And can you give the utilization number for this quarter for FIBC? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, Q1, we were only at 3,000 tons. Q4, we had done 3,500 tons. Q3, we were at 3,800 tons. 
So, there is also a seasonality because of the number of working days and number of holidays 
that are there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. So, seasonally, how is Q2 and also, sir, since we have a four-week order book visibility, 
this 3,000 should be the base for the year then? 3,073 numbers which we have posted? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
3,000 is a very, let us say, damaged number because it is much lower than even last year's 
number that was 3,500 tons. So, this is mainly due to the disruption in the polymer and the 
labor disruption that was there. But going forward, yes, it will only build from here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chaitrika, an individual investor. Please 
proceed. 
Chaitrika: 
Hi, good evening, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I have a few questions. My first 
question is, what is the management's long-term revenue aspiration like if we go to see for the 
next three to five years, what is it and what are the key milestones? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, thank you for the question and thank you for a forward-looking question. So, with the 
current projects in hand and the installed capacity, we can touch Rs. 1,000 crores. So, I would 
say '27-'28 is when we would target 900-950 and then '27-'28 with 1,000-1,050, 2029. But this 
is with the installed capacity and the current trading turnover that has been there and the 
current polymer pricing. Now, if there is a change in the polymer pricing, if there is any 
change in the trading, it might come up or it might go down. Adding to this, next year, we 
should also be in a position to better decide on how we should utilize the money that is there in 
the balance sheet for further capacity expansion and the direction of the capacity expansion. 
Chaitrika: 
Okay. And so, the next question is, are you seeing any changes in customer procurement 
behavior due to geopolitical tension? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes. So, there are two types of behavior that are very evident. One is that who is trying to build 
a longer-term inventory where they feel the geopolitical risk might escalate. So, they are trying 
to build more inventory. But majority of the market sees this as a situation to decrease their 
inventory because the prices and the freight have gone up. So, there are two distinct behaviors. 
Chaitrika: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is, are there any initiatives to improve our EBITDA margin 
beyond the current level? 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes. I briefly mentioned that cost optimization, productivity efficiency, automation, 
digitalization, all these are ongoing at the moment. And this has caught speed with the 
increased labor costs and increased minimum wages. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Parker, an individual investor. Please 
proceed. 
Yash Parker: 
Sir, what tangible benefits have the UK acquisition and Italian JV delivered so far in terms of 
customer additions, pricing improvement, or order pipeline? And when should investors start 
seeing measurable financial results? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, as you can, the Italian joint venture, since the beginning, we have been saying that it is a 
high gestation, low CAPEX, high value-added product because it has product research 
involved in it. There is approvals from brand owners, there is a certification process that is 
there. So, all that has happened now. So, now the sampling is happening. So, we would see 
significant commercialization in Q3 and Q4. And once that is successful, I would be in a better 
position to give guidance on this by Q4. But directionally, it will move from a journey of Rs. 
10 crores to Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 100 crores. That would be the year-wise 
target going forward. The speed of it and the success of it would be very clear by Q4. The 
GRS, Global Recycling System, the GRS, and the OEKOTEX certification that we have 
received are extremely strong levers among the brand owners. They are as excited as we are to 
get this done. Regarding Valex, Valex has timid revenues with timid bottom lines. And we are 
continuously trying to build the operating structure of the company so that it is able to pivot 
into significant increase in revenue and bottom line. Till now, it has not given any significant 
tangible benefit. The only tangible benefits that are there are that it is able to create brand 
awareness within end-users. We have been able to build design solutions within users which 
will affect the lifetime value of the customer that will go up. Obviously, whatever turnover is 
coming from Valex, it is a manufacturing-transferred turnover. So, that profit is also already 
there in the operations of Kanpur Plastipack. 
Yash Parker: 
Okay. The second question is, more than 60% of the energy is now sourced from renewable 
power. So, can you quantify the annual cost saving that has already been realized? And how 
much additional savings are expected once we are at full capacity, at nearly full operational 
things? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
It is already at full operational things. So, we are only doing 60% and we only plan to do 60% 
at the moment. We are in discussions for battery energy storage systems. But I think that is still 
a couple of years away. Because the cost of acquiring the system is so high that today it is not 
making sense. What we are able to save annually is about close to Rs. 3 crores to Rs. 5 crores a 
year is what we are able to save annually. 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Yash Parker: 
Okay. So, and regarding the FIBC expansion, so the new one, we will add around 6,000 
million metric tons over the five years. So, based on the current demand, how quickly do we 
expect this capacity to reach around 20%-80% utilization? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, 6,000 tons is over the next five years, out of which one year has gone. So, we are saying 
that we will add 1200 tons every year. So, it will take four to five years to achieve that required 
output. But that is not only because of the demand, but it is also because of the skilled 
workforce that has to be trained. 
Yash Parker: 
Right. And sir, our revenue grew 14%, whereas EBITDA grew nearly 57 odd percentage. So, 
does this indicate that we are prioritizing profitable orders over the volume chase? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
We cannot generalize it like that. We have to see it from a macroeconomic point of view also. 
There has been extreme volatility in raw material. There has been an extreme opportunity in 
the market. So, obviously, the aim is to maximize profit. There is no fun in doing sales without 
profit. That is obviously the aim. But has it happened only because of that? I wouldn't say yes. 
Yash Parker: 
Okay. And sir, we are currently doing multiple expansion projects. What is the minimum IRR 
or ROCE hurdle rate that the management puts before approving these investments? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, in non-woven, we were expecting between 15% to 20% IRR and a ROCE of above 20%. 
The other ESSEKAN is far higher ROCE and IRR because the capital investment is extremely 
low, but there is far more investment in brand building certifications and efforts. 
Yash Parker: 
Correct. And so, as our business ramps up, should working capital remain at current levels or 
do you expect inventory and receivability to increase? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
So, for the FIBC business and the Raffia business, it would remain at similar levels. For 
whatever turnover the non-woven business would add, we would continue to add 30 to 40 days 
of working capital. 
Yash Parker: 
Okay. Sir, last question from my end. So, the trading revenue has increased meaningfully. Is 
this a strategic business that the company wants to scale or is it like largely opportunistic? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes, I mean, I covered it last time as well and I covered it in my opening note as well that it is 
completely opportunity driven. There is absolutely no focus of the company to do it. But if 
there will be an opportunity, we will be there to take use of that opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deeya Jain from Sapphire Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Deeya Jain: 
So, what is the target revenue mix in like two to three years? 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Shashank Agarwal: 
I already covered that in the second or the third question. 
Deeya Jain: 
Okay. So, can you share the realizations that we have currently and if we are going to sustain 
them, any idea? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Realizations are based on the input raw material cost and the freight. So, yes, they should be 
sustained at the moment because the raw material cost is sustained at the moment. So, I mean, 
they remain in line with the raw material cost normally. 
Deeya Jain: 
Can you also provide the revenue expectations from the premium PP yarn? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Should be about Rs. 10 crore this year in Essekan. 
Deeya Jain: 
And for the coming years, any expectations or targets? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
I've already shared that, but we will continue to grow. The ultimate aim is to reach Rs. 100 
crores in the next four years in Essekan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Muskan Patel from JK Investments. Please 
proceed. 
Muskan Patel: 
I just want to ask since the export price continues to remain diversified, is there any direct 
impact because of geopolitical tension going on currently? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes, the impact is there on pricing and freight, but we do not have any significant exposure in 
West Asia or Middle East. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakeet Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please 
proceed. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. So, a couple of data points pertaining to the P&L. For this quarter, we have seen an 
impairment loss of only to the tune of Rs. 25 lakh. So, if… 
Shashank Agarwal: 
I will ask my CFO to answer this. 
Shobhit Agarwal: 
So, there is some coating supply that the company has made to the government of India for 
FCI. So, basically, to have a prudent policy, we have made a provision of 25 lakhs from that 
business. Although there is no certainty that this money will not come, but yes, for the prudent 
basis, we have taken up this decision. 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Because it's a tender government supply. Normally, there are some shortages or quality 
complaints that come in. 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the total value of the contract, sir? 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Rs. 15 crores. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And this is the prudent Rs. 25 lakh is what we have… 
Shashank Agarwal: 
Yes, that is historically what we have seen is around that. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And in continuation, CFO sir, please tell us the debt number once again. What is the debt 
number currently we have and what should be the… how are we going to exit the current year 
in terms of the long-term debt? 
Shobhit Agarwal : 
At present, we have a Rs. 34 crore of long-term debt at present in our book. And by the 
yearend, it will be near about Rs. 74 crores because the Rs. 40 crore new term loan we will 
take from here for the new project that we are making. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And our working capital requirement, what are currently there and what are we…? 
Shobhit Agarwal : 
And let me complete with your previous question. There will be some repayment of near about 
Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 7 crore rupees in this year. So, the closing number in this year will be near 
about Rs. 67 crores to Rs. 68 crore. Please ask your second question. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, what is the working capital? What is it now and how is it going to be after this? 
Shobhit Agarwal : 
So, working capital presently, we are taking is near about Rs. 90 crore. And as our sales will 
grow, so we will add Rs. 5 crores to Rs. 10 crore by the end of this year, I think. Utilization 
will be like this. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Shashank ji, you mentioned about the certification part of it. So, that is about the recycling part 
of the story or what kind of differentiation are we currently taking with the… 
Shashank Agarwal: 
GRS is Global Recycling System. So, the certification is for using 100% post-consumer 
recycled polymer to make this textile high-performance yarn. That is GRS. And OEKOTEX is 
a textile certification that talks about the toxicity of chemicals and minerals in the product. So, 
it proves that there is no toxicity in that product. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, means that these will have, in the space where we operate… 
Shashank Agarwal: 
This is very valuable. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And it is then tougher for companies to get this kind of. Your competitors are also there 
having this kind of certification or we are the outlier here? 

 
Kanpur Plastipack Limited 
July 29, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Shashank Agarwal: 
We are an outlier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Ankur Srivastava, Company Secretary for closing comments. Over to 
you, sir. 
Ankur Srivastava: 
On behalf of Kanpur Plastipack Limited, I thank you all the investors, analysts, and 
stakeholders for joining and spending your time and joining the conference call for the quarter 
ended June '26. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kanpur Plastipack Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
