 
 
 
 
Date: 22.08.2026. 
 
To  
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip Code : 540692 
 
To 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block, 
BandraKurla Complex, 
Bankdra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APEX 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on 18th August, 2026-
Reg.  
*** 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, kindly find enclosed a transcript of the Q1FY27 
Earnings Conference Call, which was held on 18th August, 2026. 
 
The aforementioned Earnings Conference Call, as per the transcript enclosed, 
incorporates mainly the highlights of Un-Audited financial results of the 01st  
Quarter ended 30th June, 2026 and other related information which is already in 
public domain and/or made available/uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
For Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
 
 
 
 
Karuturi Subrahmanya Chowdary  
Managing Director & CFO 
DIN: 03619259 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
KARUTURI 
SUBRAHMANYA 
CHOWDARY
Digitally signed by KARUTURI 
SUBRAHMANYA CHOWDARY 
Date: 2026.08.22 10:38:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 18, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARUTURI CHOWDARY – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – APEX FROZEN 
FOODS LIMITED 
MR. DURGA PRASAD – SENIOR MANAGER, ACCOUNTS 
– APEX FROZEN FOODS LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HRITHIK HATTIANGADI – STELLAR IR ADVISORS 
 
 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Apex Frozen Foods Limited Q1 and 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hrithik Hattiangadi from Stellar IR Advisors. Thank 
you, and over to you, Hrithik. 
Hrithik Hattiangadi: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We have with us 
today the senior management team of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, Mr. Chowdary Karuturi, 
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Durga Prasad, Senior Manager 
Accounts, who will represent Apex Frozen Foods on the call. 
 
The management will be sharing the key operating and financial highlights for the quarter 
ended 30th June 2026, followed by a question-and-answer session. Please note that this call 
may contain some of the forward-looking statements, which are completely based upon the 
company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. 
 
These statements are not a guarantee of the company's future performance and involve 
unforeseen risks and uncertainties. The company also undertakes no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statements to reflect developments that occurs after a statement is made. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Chowdary Karuturi. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Thank you, Hrithik. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this investor call 
for Q1 FY27. We have uploaded the Investor Presentation on the website of the stock 
exchanges, and we do hope that you had a chance to go through it. 
 
Q1 FY27 was a quarter of mixed trends with improving global shrimp prices and higher 
conversion rate for USD INR, aiding realization growth on one hand, while labour shortage 
mainly in the months of April and May and war-led transportation disruptions across certain 
export markets affecting the shrimp sales volumes on the other hand. 
 
Against this backdrop, our average shrimp realization grew 15% year-on-year to almost 
INR930 per kilo in the Q1 of FY27, offsetting the impact of decline in total shrimp sales, 
which stood at 2,624 metric tons in Q1 FY27 compared with 3,015 metric tons in Q1 FY26. 
We are hopeful of a recovery in sales volume in the Q2 of FY27, subject to the normalization 
or improvement of global transportation conditions. 
 
In terms of profitability, Q1 FY27 benefited from improving shrimp realizations, stable farm 
gate prices. and continued cost-efficiency measures. While the farm gate prices are beginning 
to rise, we expect other factors to remain favourable for clocking a healthy profit margin in the 
current fiscal. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 
Coming to our geographical mix. The U.S.A. accounted for 70% of our total shrimp sales in 
Q1 of FY27 compared with 54% in Q1 of FY26. Shrimp sales to the U.S. increased 13% year-
on-year and 121% quarter-on-quarter supported by softening tariff-related uncertainties. 
 
The U.S.A. continues to remain an important market for our company and we remain well 
positioned to capitalize on improving market conditions. The EU and the U.K. together 
contributed 25% of the total shrimp sales compared with 39% in Q1 of FY26. 
 
Sales to these markets were impacted during the quarter by the war-led transportation 
disruptions and certain regulatory basically the testing and certification requirements done at 
the origin in India. 
 
Despite the near-term impact, these markets continue to remain an important part of our 
diversified export portfolio. We continue to focus on expanding our presence across markets to 
build a more diversified and resilient business. 
 
Alongside the geographical diversification, we continue to strengthening our product mix with 
a higher share of value-added products, which garners higher realization and margins, of 
course. 
 
Now coming to our financial performance for the Q1 of FY27. Net revenue remained flat at 
INR257 crores compared with INR258 crores in the first quarter of FY26. EBITDA increased 
79% year-on-year to INR33 crores compared with INR18 crores in the first quarter of FY26 
with EBITDA margin expanding to 12.7% from 7.1% in the first quarter of FY26. Profit after 
tax stood at INR22 crores compared with INR9 crores in the first quarter of FY26, registering 
a 138% year-on-year growth, while the PAT margin improved to 8.4% from 3.5%. 
 
The improvement in profitability was mainly supported by the higher shrimp realizations along 
with stable farm gate prices and ongoing cost efficiency measures, which more than offset the 
impact of lower volumes. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet, we continue to maintain a lean financial profile with debt levels 
prudently managed and at comfortable levels. Our focus remains on disciplined working 
capital management and maintaining a healthy balance sheet as the business scales. 
 
With that, we would like to conclude our opening remarks and reiterate with our diversified 
market presence, focused on value-added products, established manufacturing capabilities and 
the available capacity, we remain well positioned to capitalize on improving market conditions 
and drive sustainable growth going forward. 
 
I think we can now open the floor for a question-and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. First question comes from the line of Murtaza with Pinpoint X Capital. 
Murtaza: 
Congratulations on a set of good numbers. Sir, I just had a quick question regarding the sharp 
increase in the price you've been seeing for the fish meal and the shrimp feed prices. So, could 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
you like please help us understand the economics, like how is it affecting the shrimp farmers? 
And ultimately, how is it impacting us? 
 
And also, if you could help us understand like to what extent are these costs really passed 
through? And if we were to see further increase in such prices. So can we see any impact on 
the farmers stocking up or overall demand scenario. And lastly, like, do you see this higher 
feed cost as a temporary thing? Or can they remain like a headwind for a while for over a few 
quarters? Yes, so on that. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. Firstly, I guess that question is not relevant to us, our company as such because we are 
primarily into the processing and export of shrimp and not into any feed manufacturing. 
However, to answer that question, partly, as we have informed through our opening remarks 
that the farm gate prices have been rising and have been providing a good comfort level to the 
farmers, the primary producers as we speak over the past 1 month and so on. 
 
So, I think that should be taken care to a great extent with regard to the costing at the primary 
producer level, of course, subject to their other farm level conditions. So, we wouldn't be able 
to much comment on the input costs with regard to the feed manufacturing as we are not into 
that activity. 
Murtaza: 
Understood. So, sir, we don't really have any exposure to that segment as such? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
No, no. 
Murtaza: 
And sir, if you could just give a bit of guidance, how do we see our margins going forward 
since we have done pretty well. So just a bit commentary from your end would really be 
appreciated. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Well, again, as we did state in our remarks that considering the ongoing subsequent a little bit 
stable export realizations in dollar terms as well as the depreciated rupee combined and also 
our cost efficiency measures, we believe the margins could be stable. But at the same time, we 
also have to factor in a little bit of the increase in freight costs and also to a certain extent, also 
the increase in the farm gate prices, which we have stated. 
 
So even though the margins could be slightly affected because of these factors, but we 
anticipate a volume growth, which will take care of more of efficient costing, and that should 
give us maintain stable margins for us. Of course, as we would be hoping that this present 
depreciated rupee further from Q1 is also helping us to a certain extent. 
 
So, we would continue to be around these levels. But even if there are some hiccups like ocean 
freight expenses being increased mainly because of this war-led disruptions, which we stated 
earlier. So apart from that, I think most of it should be maintained. But as we have mentioned, 
there could be certain issues which are unforeseen by us considering the international trade and 
logistical issues and issues mainly related to the war. 
Murtaza: 
Understood, sir. And sir, lastly, can you please just also elaborate a bit on how has the 
realization been for this quarter? And how was it for Q2? 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Well, as stated in the beginning, the realization per kilo in rupee terms has been INR930 for 
the first quarter of FY27 comparing it to around INR812 during the first quarter of FY26. That, 
of course, there is also increase in the dollar unit value in general because also we are 
increasing more into the volume of the value-added products or Ready-to-Eat products and 
also supported by the depreciating currency. So that maybe the big difference between Q1 of 
FY26 and Q1 of FY27, that almost INR80, INR90 gap has come up. Increase has happened 
during this first quarter. 
Murtaza: 
Understood. So, are we seeing it hold in Q2 as well or roughly similar INR900 level? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes, we are seeing around a similar level as far as realization in rupee terms are concerned, 
yes, we are expecting on similar other levels as far as realizations are concerned. Yes. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Nilesh Patil with Share India Securities 
Nilesh Patil: 
Congrats on margin expansion. My first question is on the volumes. You have guided that we 
can see good growth into Q2, particularly, which has been a conventionally strong quarter. But 
could you just elaborate more on the fact that we had guided that at the start of the year that 
14,000 MT will be the guided range for volumes. 
 
And even if I on a conservative basis, take a volume of about 12,500 or something like that. So 
this quarter, more or less, we have kind of delivered less. So,for the rest of the 3 quarters, what 
can be the volume growth that we can see? And is the U.S. exposure, we can say that the 
growth in the U.S. market is particularly due to the tariff-related concerns easing up or we can 
say that the Ecuador dumping is more or less reduced, which has given an edge for Indian 
companies? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Okay. Firstly, we have not given any, basically, we said we are around 12,000 metric tons is 
doable in this year. That is what we have given in the beginning of the year. And even in 
during our Q4 quarterly con call also, we have stated on similar lines. However, of course, 
because of the summer heat during April, there were certain labour shortages and that 
definitely affected our production a little bit, which we should have been doing more. 
 
But mainly the shipments got impacted on two fronts. One is in general with regard to these 
shortages in containers equipment. But also, the other part is instead of stating that our U.S. 
volumes have increased because of certain delays, our EU volumes have actually reduced.  
 
Our Europe volumes should have been higher during the Q1, during the first quarter. But 
because of certain delays in getting the clearances for shipments, that got spilled over into the 
subsequent month. So, it's into the subsequent quarter. So, the Europe sales volumes has 
actually come down. So that is why the U.S. sales seems to be looking very high. 
 
On the other front, you asked about anything about dumping from Ecuador. It's more about 
certainty we create in regard to the tariffs as once the 50% tariffs were removed by the U.S. 
government and 10% has been finalized during the beginning of the year, the buyers in the 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
U.S. also have found more certainty in doing business rather than almost 4 or 5 months of 
uncertain situation during last year. 
 
So, because of the certainty and they could assess their market conditions, their business 
strategy, they have accordingly increased their orders position with us in India in general and 
also our company specifically. That is one of the reasons why there was a lot of U.S. orders 
which were added. 
 
But parallelly, there were Europe orders, as I just mentioned, but they could not get shipped 
out because of certain issues. And they got spilled over, as I mentioned in the subsequent 
quarter. So that's why the U.S. volumes seem to look very high compared to last year during 
this quarter. So that is situation. 
 
So, there is definitely better certainty among our customers to place orders on us. And so that 
is on the U.S. side. Europe is also very stable as far as the order requirement is I mean, volume 
requirement is concerned. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Understood. Secondly, sir, on the Ready-to-Eat contribution, what has been the contribution 
from this margin accretive segment for Q1? And how do you see kind of it scaling up into over 
the medium term? And just what's the margin differential between our RTE and RTC, if you 
can throw some light on it? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
With regard to the volume, of course, in the Q1, it was 16% of the total volume. Last year, it 
was, of course, 15%. But mainly looking at the medium term, I mean, in the current year, we 
expect the sales volumes at least reach clocking 18% to 20%, minimum, 20% would be there, 
hopefully on the RTE specifically, minimum, we expect that because the specific inquiries 
coming from different parts of the world, both from the U.S. and Europe and other countries 
also. So RTE is a big support, I mean that category, that segment would be a good volume this 
year. 
 
That's what we expect based on the inquiries and confirmations which we have. And the 
margin front with regard to RTE to RTC is roughly around $0.50 per kilo between RTC and 
RTE. That's the minimum, depending on the products we do. There are certain products which 
could be higher also. That's what the minimum is USD 0.50 per kilo. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Okay. Understood. And I believe now the labour issues must be behind us and the margin 
stability more or less will continue for the rest of the year, if I'm not wrong, sir? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. They should continue. But again, at the same time, as we also stated in the beginning, 
there are also very firming up and increasing of the farm gate prices also, which are there. Of 
course, we are also having some increase on the realization front too. So overall, it should be, 
but subject to the conditions mainly both on the supply. 
 
But more than that, now the war-led disruptions are still continuing, and we do not know right 
now. Our freight costs compared to Q4 of last year and now between these 3, 4 months, it has 
increased, more than doubled. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
So that is another part which we are watching and we are treading carefully on that part. But 
we do expect kind of stable stabilization around, we don't expect to see a significant drop as far 
to answer that question. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Bala Murali Krishna with Oman Investment Advisors. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
On farm gate prices, sir, we know that prices are a little bit lower and farmers also little bit 
tend to cultivate the shrimps. So how do you see sort of demand as of now? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
I think we have mentioned it in our opening remarks today and also one of the first participant 
who has raised the question regarding the farm gate pricing in a different manner. But the farm 
gate prices have become more firm compared to Q1. And in fact, the prices even during Q1 
were not really that bad because we do have feedback from several farmers who have been 
very happy with the way the prices remained very stable through the first quarter of FY27, 
very stable compared to the earlier recent last few years. 
 
However, in the case of farmers, it also goes down to each individual farm and farmer 
economics and their success of the crop, their growth and their farm level, the ponds. That also 
is a major factor. But overall, a significant number of farmers were quite happy with the way 
the farm gate prices remained stable during Q1, first quarter. 
 
And as far as the second quarter, I mean, currently, as we go by, definitely, the prices have 
increased over the past 3 to 4 weeks. And they are more firm between then and now, I think 
there's almost roughly around 6% to 7% jump in the farm gate pricing average. But then I 
think that should be fine, they are good, they are happy as long as the farm gate prices are 
commensurating. 
 
But the different state governments are taking the necessary measures for them to realize the 
most amount of money and bring down their costs in an efficient manner. So, the respective 
state governments are also taking steps in that regard. And I think we understand that the state 
government is also producing a sustainable, reasonable costed product as now the products are 
not competing against each other domestically, but internationally and especially when we 
have the largest shrimp producer in Asia and on the other side in South America. So, the 
respective governments also are taking steps, but they are very comfortable as far as we 
understand. 
 
But there are times during the year, certain times of the year where the crop, the weather 
patterns, climate conditions could be affecting the overall scenario. So, they could have certain 
disease-related issues or distress harvests, which are more of a farm-specific related issues case 
by case issue, which is not a general scenario all over the country or even in one particular 
state. So otherwise, yes, they are good. They are comfortable. That's what we understand from 
a good number of farmers actually. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
That's great, sir. So, on the US tariff front, sir, I think few companies are giving some of the 
rebates which they have paid earlier with the tariffs. Do you see any rebate in our case also? 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Can you repeat the question? If you don't mind. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Earlier when the tariff is at 50%, so people have the tariff. And I think we also took some 
discounted rates also there some part of the tariff amount. So now I think because of the 
previous court orders of 10% tariffs, maximum 10% tariff, so the companies are getting some 
rebate from the tariffs they are paid in that period. So, do you see that is applicable to our 
sector also? Few companies have spoken about that, and they are getting some rebate also. 
That's I'm asking. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
As of now, we have not received any refunds of the tariffs. And these tariffs, everybody in the 
sector know that these tariffs were actually compensated by the customers. But as of now, 
there are no refunds yet. And whether it would be sometime next year or the year after that, we 
do not know as there are certain regulatory issues and the government of the U.S. also is 
continuously following up as they have taken a legal angle. 
 
They are also going through court battles and all that. So, at this point, there is no confirmation 
as of when we would receive them, if we receive them. However, they have given certain steps 
and guidances to receive the various customs and which we would be implementing. But 
however, as stated, we do not have a clarity if there would be refunds when they would be. 
 
So as of now, there is no clarity on that. So, it would be a misstatement if we say that we are 
going to get them as of today because there's no clarity. So, there is definitely uncertainty on 
that part. So that is the situation with regard to that. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Yes. On the growth front, sir, in this quarter, we have a good number because of higher 
realization and a stable farm gate effect. Is it only a factor which contributed to good margins? 
Or is there any special factor or FTA, any advantage we through that in the past quarter. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
No, none of the FTAs are coming, except the UK - India UK FTA has come into play on July 
15 onwards. And we are yet to see results of that going on with our customers. Of course, 
inquiries have increased, but there are certain other non-tariff barriers which are still there and 
which we believe Government of India is taking it up with the respective governments 
wherever they have had the signed the FTAs. But mainly the margins during the first quarter, 
Q1 were attributed to the stable farm gate prices and also a good set of realization in Indian 
rupees. 
 
And going forward, we believe once these FTAs are fully implemented in all aspects, not just 
duty tariff-related aspects, but also removal of certain, some of these non-tariff barriers like 
having Indian shrimp consignments being tested 50% of all the shipments arriving from India 
still continuing to be tested. 
 
So such non-tariff barriers when they are addressed, I think we could see even more volume 
growth to these markets, especially the U.K. and EU. Of course, EU's FTA will maybe 
hopefully sometime by the end of this year or early next year. But we will see those results at 
that time. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Abhishek with SNS Capital. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. Sir, I have 3 questions. One, the average realization, I heard you saying it's around 
INR900-odd now. So, if we have to do a look back in the history, what is the normal top which 
you have seen earlier? Or we have already crossed that top and now we are in process to see a 
new high kind of a thing? That's the first question. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
This is with regard to realization, you stated around INR930 for the first quarter. So sorry, can 
you elaborate the question. 
Abhishek: 
So, what I was trying to understand is like if in history after see, I think 2018 was the last time 
when you have done very well in terms of the OPM. So, I'm trying to understand if there was a 
better realization which you had in history before this INR930? Or this is the new high which 
we have done in terms of company's history? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
No, we also had a similar realization, I think during the second COVID Phase 2, I think FY22 
also around these levels. At that time, it was not supported by the depreciated rupee currency 
at that time, but the unit value was very high at that time during the second phase of COVID 
Phase 2. 
 
Also, that's because the unit values in dollar terms were very high because of some panic 
buying, which was happening, anticipating shortages in product and all that during that time. 
But of course, when you have such high level pricing just for a regular commodity product, 
obviously, that would impact the consumption overall. The volumes will get affected. 
 
But here, in our case, we are trying to improve and push more into the ready-to-eat and value-
added segment, thereby achieving better realization on the whole on an average per kilo, not 
just at the commodity, we can't commodity, there is a limit. On the RTC, there is a limit. 
Beyond certain levels, if the pricing goes up, it will definitely hit the consumption. It will 
definitely hit the volume intake by the customers. So, there are limitations to that. 
 
So, we have seen that impact even like you rightly asked during COVID Phase 2. I think 
mostly it was in FY22. We did see an impact on that because subsequently in FY23, the 
volumes were going down. So that is there. But we would want to achieve a better realization 
per kilo more based on the diversified product mix by having more enhanced product sales. 
 
That way, we would want to achieve better realization so that it not only this takes care of 
realization part, whether it is supported by the currency or not, but also, we have a better 
margin on a margin front also, it would be taken care. That is our goal. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. So, what I'm understanding is you're saying this time we are trying to make this the new 
normal like for a longer time compared to what happened earlier in 2022, where the margins 
did not really stabilize. Is that correct? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes, yes. I mean we are looking at better realizations on the front of doing more value-added 
products so that not only takes care on the realization front, but also has a minimum kind of 
assurance on the margin front because as stated earlier in many many calls in the past, 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
obviously, ready-to-eat products have a better margin realization and that is the more volumes 
we can do in that segment, that obviously takes care of the margins for the company overall 
also. So that is... 
Abhishek: 
Got it. Okay. Okay. My second question, what is the capacity utilization right now? Because if 
I remember, in FY26 beginning, it was around 30% levels. So, has it increased? So, I have 2 
parts to the second question. Has it increased when you look at the whole FY27? And what do 
you think we are going to close the FY27 at like the beginning of FY28? What do you think or 
what is the trajectory we are looking at going forward with the capacity utilization? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
See, the volume capacity utilization was almost similar to last year of FY26, the first quarter 
was similar, 39% last year and it was 38% this year. But this year, we have a different plan, 
and we are as with the different products and different markets, especially more diverse 
markets, which we are doing, we believe this capacity utilization should be consistently 
maintained over and above 35% to 40% through the year. Whether, of course, some issues 
related to logistics or disruptions and shipments, those are all a different part. 
 
But as far as utilization is concerned, we are planning to have a better utilization from this year 
onwards. And we have done the required changes even internally, which also are taking care of 
cost-efficient measures, certain cost reduction measures also. 
Abhishek: 
Okay. So, the U.K. FTA should supplement in this new target, right, which we have set 
internally for at least to begin with. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
It would to a certain extent, but as stated to in the past also, we are betting bigger on the EU 
FTA. And actually, U.K. FTA as such, the size of the market considerably is smaller when we 
compare it to the EU, and we are really betting high on the EU FTA to get implemented along 
with the non-tariff measures being removed, which I think we have stated to one of the earlier 
participants with regard to certain non-tariff barriers, which are still existing actually, like even 
in the case of U.K. FTA from July 15, it is effective, but still the non-tariff barrier still exists. 
 
So those things are being taken by the government of India. And hopefully, when they get 
removed, the buyers also have more confidence on Indian products, faster deliveries, saving of 
time and which equals to their money. So, the customers also would be betting on higher 
volumes from India. 
 
That's what we understood. We got the feedback from them. That is the only point which is 
pending now in a very good FTA arrived by India and these countries. 
Abhishek: 
So, in terms of timelines, when do you think, these FTAs will actually start fruiting for the 
company? I mean, definitely, the government can say that it's going to begin like, for example, 
U.K. FTA was supposed to start from July of '26. But on ground, will take some time for us to 
see the results in the P&L of the company? 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Usually, the FTAs, I think by the time they are fully implemented, they are taking minimum of 
1 year usually. So, it's minimum 1 year. So, I think as the FTA with U.K. has already been 
implemented. there are some minor issues. 
 
But for our trade, it becomes big. But otherwise, the EU FTA we are hoping that it would be 
sometime by the end of this calendar year, sometime by December or early January. That's 
what we have been told. We have been given the feedback so we should see. 
Abhishek: 
Got it. So maybe by Q1 of FY28, we should be able to see some benefits passing through? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. I mean a full effect of these FTAs definitely, especially the EU, which we are hoping, 
having big expectations of, yes. 
Abhishek: 
Got it. And just one last question. Where is the number now for the U.S., the import tariffs, 
which I got? I remember you saying some 18% or 19%. Is it same? Or it has come down now, 
the import tax, which we have added? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
No, the import, the tariffs are at 10% and there's an ADD and CVD, but tariff wise, it is at 
10%. What has been there for first quarter is still there for the second quarter, that is the same. 
No change in that. 
Abhishek: 
That's all. But really great. I mean, you said that you will be diversifying, and I can see the 
numbers changing in geography as well. I see the Europe part coming out very well when we 
see the split with U.S. So that's really great. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Yogansh with Mittal Analytics. 
Yogansh: 
Sir, a couple of questions from my end. So firstly, if you could just broadly help me 
understand, are the global shrimp prices more or less similar between our 2 key geographies, 
U.S. and Europe? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
They wouldn't be the same. I mean, of course, there are certain other factors like antidumping 
and countervailing duties in the U.S.A. The pricing in the U.S.A. is higher, I mean, as far as 
the realization is concerned on a unit per kilo in dollar terms, the U.S.A. is higher. 
 
But the Europe, considering that Europe, we don't take care of any tariff for duty payments in 
the case of EU shipments. It is to the account of the customer. So, they do not affect our 
pricing there. But here in the U.S., there is ADD, there is CVD, then there is a tariff of 10%. 
 
So, these things do play a role. Tariffs, they are being absorbed by the customers as far as tariff 
of 10% is concerned. But of course, ADD and CVD is part of our pricing. So obviously, if we 
are looking at a 9%, almost 9%-odd towards ADD and CVD, the U.S. sale prices usually 
found to be higher than the other European pricing. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Yogansh: 
Okay. Sir, just on that front, from what we understood last time from you, last year, the prices 
of shrimp were around INR860 plus, right? And those were inclusive of tariffs. Today, in the 
call, what you've mentioned, the INR930-odd price that we clocked this quarter, that also 
includes some bit of tariff. 
 
But given that the tariff from last year to this quarter has come down significantly, so is it safe 
to understand that this whole gap is broadly because of the higher realization excluding the 
tariff thing. So, what I mean to ask is this increase is after reducing the tariff, then this increase 
looks very, very high. Is that understanding, correct? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
No. In the case of the realization, there are points here. One is the depreciating currency, which 
has supported. Apart from that, there has also been an increase in dollar terms. And between 
Q1 of last year and Q1 of this year, 10% tariff did exist. 10% was there. 
 
And even Q4 of last year and Q1 of this year, 10% was there. So, when we discussed about 
this pricing or when we stated what we stated about INR930 versus INR830 of Q4 or INR811, 
INR812 of Q1 of FY26, it includes for the U.S.A. shipments, it includes the 10% tariff. Of 
course, between Q2 and Q3, the tariffs have varied between, 25% and 50% also. But in the 
case of Q1, first quarter, both the first quarters of last year and this year, it was with 10% tariff 
on U.S. sales. 
 
Yes, it was the same. But yes, there's no change to that. It was the same, it's a comparable 
number, it's a comparable number. Both had tariffs. That's what I'm trying to say. 
Yogansh: 
Got it, sir. And sir, moving on to the next part of my question. So, in previous calls, we've also 
mentioned that we'll be working aggressively on newer markets like Australia and Russia. and 
you were expecting some business from them in this financial year. So, have we started seeing 
some business coming in from these geographies? If yes, how big was it this quarter? And 
what is our expectation for the coming quarters, like Australia, Russia? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. With regard to Russia, we haven't yet, that hasn't yet taken up in the first quarter yet. 
Positively, either by the end of Q2 or Q3, we should be able to take it up as far as Russia is 
concerned. Australia, it's still being at the discussion stage because there are some audits which 
were pending by the customer. I mean that's a customer-specific requirement, nothing to do 
with any regulatory part. 
 
So, we are awaiting that. But so far, we have not yet taken up that, but we have initiated our 
business for Japan, which we were not doing in the past decade, almost more than a decade. So 
that has been initiated presently and that would be reflecting in the subsequent quarters of the 
current fiscal year. 
Yogansh: 
Got it, sir. And sir, on the RTE utilization, if you could share what was it during this year? And 
where do we see it ramping up during the current year? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
On the RTE front, one minute. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Just provide you in a bit. I'll be providing it to you. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Yogansh: 
Sure, sir. No worries. So, one last question from my end, sir. In terms of the overall capacity 
utilization, you mentioned 35%, 40% is what we are expecting. So broadly, if you could just 
help me understand how do you see ourselves scaling up towards, say, 13,000 and then 
probably to 14,000, 15,000 tons for a full year. By when do you think that is doable in your 
assessment? That would be from my end. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Now with regard to the earlier question, RTE moved up from $11.2 per kilo to $12.05 in Q1 of 
FY27. And just to answer your question, the increase in realization between $11.18 and now it 
$12.05 in this quarter. okay? That is answered as far as RTE is concerned. 
Yogansh: 
I asked for RTE utilization. What is the overall utilization of RTE capacity? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
On the utilization front, it was 16% Yes, yes, similar to last year, similar to the earlier year. 
Yogansh: 
And on the second part of the question, sir, the overall utilization, how do you see that trailing 
from 10,000, 11,000 to 13,000 then probably to 15,000 plus tons? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
So, for now, we have estimated the current year production to be around 12,000 metric tons. 
We are working in that direction. Of course, Q1 was affected mainly because of some the 
labour shortage fronts. A stable supply environment and with these issues related to trade and 
non-trade and logistics kind of being reasonable, we should be able to do that. That's what we 
expect even as of now, and we'll continue to work in that direction of around 12,000 metric 
tons for this year-end. 
 
And whereas going forward into next year in FY28 and FY29, it will be too premature to 
comment at this time. But definitely, our next round is to be between 14,000 to 15,000 metric 
tons like you just asked. We should be looking forward to that with all these improvements in 
the global scenario with regard to the FTAs. But of course, subject to no new issues coming up 
regarding any tariff issues or related to that, hopefully. And we should be looking at, but in a 
diverse market, diversified market environment, I think we should be moving in that direction, 
working stage by stage. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Sharan with SVS Family Office. 
Sharan: 
Sir, how early are the orders booked for, I mean, how do we look, the orders? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes, we are good with our order book is good. It's pretty much currently good until middle of 
Q3 presently. But in fact, the issue is the position of the order books also keep changing due to 
certain issues like if there are going to be a lot of issues related to the equipment or shipment 
delays, for example, or any supply-related issues. So, at that time also that keeps changing. But 
currently, we are good through the middle of Q3 as of now. 
Sharan: 
Sir, the way I see for our business is, let's say, rupee depreciated, which is in our favour 
demand is stable and a stable farm gate. And internally, we have done really well on the 
operational efficiency and clean balance sheet. The only thing is capacity utilization. And I 
think we are not able to ramp that up as quickly as what everyone is anticipating. So, what is 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
the one thing which is hindering or coming in the way to ramp up this capacity utilization, sir, 
because if we see every other variable is favourable for us. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
First thing is we have actually utilized better in the past, even the existing capacity, like even 
in the post-COVID, for example, in FY22 and all that we have done even higher volumes. 
There were certain issues over the past 2 years, but that has been changing since FY26 from 
pretty much in the middle of FY26 as far as the utilization also, which was connected to our 
order book compared to earlier. If you see even our sales to the U.S. were also reduced during 
FY24 and FY25. 
 
But FY26, our overall sales increased. I mean, even though the U.S. was lower, but we 
diversified into other markets. And that's more related on the tariff front. 
 
But that paves way for a better utilization, right? They both go in tandem, utilization and sales 
also sales volumes also they go in tandem. So, we definitely had issues during FY24 and '25. 
That we have been coming out of those issues in FY26, especially. And -- but there is one 
main thing is on the labour front, this is something which was unexpected by many of the 
industry players during the summer of this year, early part of this year, which was a big 
setback. 
 
But otherwise, we should have clocked in at least 3,000-plus metric tons of volumes in the Q1 
itself, there was a bit of issue there, which we had not anticipated. So now that issue has been 
resolved more towards the end of Q1, and there are no issues related to that. 
 
And even though there's a bit of certain amount of shortages of raw material supply, but that 
will be overcome as the new crop comes in as the new second crop comes in from different 
farmers and there are different producers all over the state and the country. So overall, it was 
mainly on the labour front and certain issues on the order book front. But the order book has 
been taken care and the labour is also being addressed. And hopefully, with a positive supply, I 
mean, reasonable supply available, we will continue to increase our utilization of the 
capacities. whether there could be some marginal impact on margins or because of the higher 
costs a little bit. 
 
But end of the day, we are now focused on, of course, on the utilization much better than ever 
before. And we believe our steps in that direction are going to help us have a sustainable 
volumes, capacity utilization rather, that's what we expect. And these have been done more 
towards, so those steps have been taken more in the middle of FY26. It's just that the first 
quarter during the summer time as there was an issue with regard to labour. 
 
That's why we have had problems. But otherwise, our plans for utilizing throughout all 
throughout the year  have been made, and we are looking forward for that. And we believe, we 
are in a better position today in the present year compared to the past with regard to planning 
of utilization of capacities as well as supported by a strong order book actually. 
Moderator: 
Next question comes from the line of Shubhroy Tripathi with Krish Capital. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
Sir, my question is regarding the CVD and antidumping duty that was supposed to come up for 
a review sometime this year, I understand. So, could you provide an update on that front? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sorry, you said CVD. I'm sorry. Can you repeat? 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
Yes, in the U.S., the countervailing duty and antidumping duty, it was supposed to come up for 
a review sometime this year. So, I'm asking if there is any update on that. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. The countervailing duty, most likely, we will have the announcement more towards the 
end of this year, around December. We would know if there would be any changes. We expect 
a reduction considering a good response even from the government of India with regard to 
certain schemes like duty drawback and RoDTEP schemes as their responses are hopefully, 
they are positive and the U.S. government will agree to that, that they are not actually 
subsidies, but just more of a reimbursement or refund of taxes and various indirect taxes and 
savings paid by the sector. 
 
So that we are expecting towards the end of this year in December. ADD, which was 1.35% 
earlier is 3.4% currently. It's an every year review. So again, next year, there would be a 
review, we would know more and I think ADD, final determination of ADD will be around 
September, correct? Yes, around September, we will know. Antidumping duty, we will know 
in September and countervailing duty, we'll know in December. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
And if we get a positive response, what could be the reduction in the countervailing duty? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. Hopefully, if they accept the explanations and justifications given by the government of 
India with regard to assuring that the 2 major main schemes for the shrimp sector duty 
drawback and RoDTEP, Remission of Duties and Taxes on Export Product scheme. They both 
are not actually a subsidy but or not an incentive, but actually, they are nothing but refunding 
those indirect levies or taxes, which were paid by the sector from the entire supply chain. 
 
So, if those are accepted by the U.S. government, we expect a positive response. Hopefully, we 
get a reduction in the CVD of 5.77%. That is what was expected presently. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
And sir, to my understanding, you will also get a refund of the amount we have paid over the 
previous few years, if I'm not wrong? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. So that is if there is a reduction, there will be a refund. But if there is an increase, we will 
also have to pay. It works in both ways. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
And sir, coming to my second question, about 2, 3 quarters back, you had discussed that you 
are planning to move into some adjacent products, new categories you had mentioned. So, 
could you share some light now what those products could be? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Sorry, new product? I mean we are already taken up certain products for certain customers. We 
have also worked on development of certain products with those customers. And since these 
products are more of a proprietary to those customers, we are not able to discuss much about 
them. 

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
August 18, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
 
But however, they are both in the RTE as well as RTC. These products are being produced. 
And we plan on increasing our sales in the RTE for the various reasons explained to the earlier 
participants about better realizations on the margin front also. So those products are mainly on 
the RTE front. They are specifically developed by the customers who have agreed for us to do 
and cater to their needs. So, we are mostly in the ready-to-eat to answer your question. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
Yes. These products are already commercialized, sir? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
We are already selling... 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Yes. No, we are already producing them, and they are getting shipped as we speak. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
How much of the total sales could they be for this financial year as a percentage? 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Well, of course, it will be in the single digits, the specific product, what we are talking about, 
maybe around 3% to 4% of the total sales. But that is like if we are able to do out of, let us say, 
around 12,000 metric tons, even if 3%, 4% is like giving 300, 400 metric tons roughly. So that 
is what we expect. 
 
On an annual sales, that should grow to around 500 metric tons at least on those specific 
products. But there are multiple products which we are working, which I told you earlier, even 
in the RTC also, where they are much higher value than the regular commodity products. 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
It has been a long wait, sir. Since 2019, we were waiting for the European clearance, and I 
think things are... 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
That has been done last year. It has been... 
Shubhroy Tripathi: 
It has been done last year so in the span of 6 to 7 years, 1 year is a very short amount of time. 
So, I hope we really get the turnaround we are all expecting and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to the time constraint, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Chowdary for the closing comments. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Karuturi Chowdary: 
Thank you, everyone, for making it to our Q1 FY27 investor call. Should you have any further 
queries or require any clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us at 
ir@apexfrozenfoods.com. You may also connect with Stellar IR Advisors, our Investor 
Relations advisers, who will be happy to assist you with any queries or additional information. 
Thank you once again for your time and participation. Have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
