 
 
Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
Regd. Office: Universal Majestic, 9th Floor, P. L. Lokhande Marg, Chembur (W), Mumbai - 400043 
Phone: (91-22) 25485300 | Fax: (91-22) 25485331 | CIN: L74999MH2017PLC292281 
Email: info@sterlingwilson.com | Website: www.sterlingandwilsonre.com 
 
July 24, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 542760 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: SWSOLAR 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub.:  Investors Call Q1 FY 27 - Transcript 
 
Ref.: 
Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letters dated July 13, 2026 and July 17, 2026, please find enclosed the Transcript 
of the Investors Call held on Friday, July 17, 2026 at 10:00 a.m. (IST) on the Unaudited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.  
 
The same is available on the Company’s website at www.sterlingandwilsonre.com. 
 
Request you to take the same on records 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
 
Jagannadha Rao Ch. V. 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
VENKATA 
JAGANNADHA RAO 
CHUNDURU
Digitally signed by VENKATA 
JAGANNADHA RAO CHUNDURU 
Date: 2026.07.24 12:30:05 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 17, 2026 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings 
uploaded on the stock exchange on 17th July 2026 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. C.K. THAKUR – GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
 
MR. AJIT PRATAP SINGH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
 
 
 
 
 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy 
Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements do not guarantee the future performance 
of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Today on the call, we have Mr. C.K. Thakur, Global CEO; and Mr. Ajit Pratap Singh, CFO, 
from Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited and SGA, who are their IR partner. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. C.K. Thakur for his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
C.K. Thakur: 
Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Let me begin with an update on our business 
operations and outlook. The most significant milestone of the quarter has been on the 
international front. In June, this financial year, we received a letter of award for our 50-50 joint 
venture with Hassan Allam Construction, one of the leading construction company in Egypt and 
the wider MENA regions for the West Minya Solar Power Project in the Minya Governorate of 
Egypt. This is a landmark mandate, a 1,000 megawatt AC solar PV plant integrated with 600-
megawatt hour battery energy storage system, valued at approximately USD560 million. Once 
completed, it will rank among Egypt's largest utility scale renewables development. For us, it 
marked the third gigawatt scale order win in the space of 9 months, a clear signal, both of the 
rising ticket size of the projects and of the confidence that marquee developers place in our 
ability to execute complex storage integrated solar at scale. The joint venture will undertake the 
full engineering, procurement and construction scope spanning the photovoltaic generation 
facilities. The battery store infrastructure, grid connection, transmission works and all associated 
balance of the plant. With this order win, we concluded Q1 FY27 with highest ever UOV of 
INR13,000 crores, driving a strong visibility for revenue growth for forthcoming quarters. 
At this point, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that current UOV comprises 6 
turnkey projects, 3 each in India and international markets, which are yet to commence 
execution. The total value of these 6 projects is approximately INR9,000 crores. These orders 
were won during the second half of financial year '26 and Q1 FY27. We expect these orders to 
start contributing more meaningfully during the second half of the fiscal year. Since these are 
the large projects, we also expect the working capital cycle of the company to significantly 
improve as the customers' advances for these large projects start flowing through. 
Moving to the market outlook, The domestic solar EPC market remained a bit slow for a second 
consecutive quarter due to geographical tensions, volatile commodity prices and high domestic 
module prices, which deferred new projects awards. Activity on battery storage market has been 
increasing exponentially with both stand-alone BESS projects getting awarded and hybrid solar 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
projects with battery storage. We believe there is significantly large market. We remain patient 
to get profitable orders out of this.  
We continue to remain patient and are only pursuing margin-accretive projects. The bid pipeline 
continues to remain extremely robust at 27.7 gigawatt, of which almost 90% is  India focused. 
The current bid pipeline is purely focused on the solar PV market and also the BESS projects 
which is another large opportunity in itself. In value terms, we expect the BESS market ordering 
activities to be almost equal to the size of the PV market.  
We anticipate ordering activity to pick up from this quarter in the domestic market, and we are 
confident of maintaining our market share, which, in our view, should enable us to deliver 10% 
to 15% growth in revenue, this fiscal despite the high base of financial year '26. 
On the international market outlook, we continue to remain very optimistic on the Africa and 
Middle East markets and certain geographies in Europe. We currently have 3 ongoing projects 
in Africa and Middle East, which should commence execution during this quarter. 
In all our international projects, we continue to judiciously evaluate the risk and rewards and are 
mindful of not being exposed to the commodity prices and equipment price increase risk. As I 
have indicated in previous calls, all international solar projects undertaken thus far have been 
completed successfully within the projected margins. 
Moving to the operations and maintenance (O&M) segments, We have now achieved a record 
18.3 gigawatt peak capacities under operations. We anticipate this full portfolio to start 
contributing fully from third quarter of this fiscal year. The O&M business provides us a steady 
annuity stream and good Gross and EBITDA margin due to a very low overheads. 
Our engagement with the Reliance Group continues to be deeper. As you have seen, the Reliance 
Group articulated at its recent annual general body meeting an ambition to build one of the 
world's largest integrated renewable energy hubs in the Kutch region of Gujarat, a development 
spread across 5.5 lakh acres designed to deliver round-the-clock power at gigawatt scale by 
integrating solar generation with battery storage and targeted to generate in excess of 40 billion 
units annually, equivalent to close to 3% of India's current power demand. 
The Reliance Group has already commissioned its integrated new energy manufacturing 
ecosystem and the first phase of its 40 gigawatt-hour battery Gigafactory is on track for 
commissioning this year with a stated pathway to 120 gigawatt hours. We are working very 
closely with Reliance Group on technical configuration and execution readiness. While the 
timing and quantum of specific orders will necessarily follow their rollout schedule, we remain 
confident of getting large share of Reliance initiative. 
I want to close my remarks with a point of philosophy because in this business, the discipline 
that matters is not merely winning orders, but exiting projects without negative surprises. We 
continue to protect ourselves through back-to-back pricing arrangements with our supply chain. 
We remain deliberately selective, staying away from the mandates that carry land, major right-
of-way or resource risk outside our control and we run the business as we always have on the 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
negative working capital model. That conservatism is, in our considered view precisely what 
will separate the durable players from the rest as the cycle matures. 
With that, I'll hand over to Ajit to take you through the financials of the company. 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Thank you, CKT sir, and very good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report a significant 
milestone in our unexecuted order value (UOV) exceeding INR13,000 crores, which is a first in 
the company's operating history post-COVID era, on the back of strong order inflows. 
While our first quarter performance may not be very exciting from a top line perspective, the 
unexecuted order value and expected execution timelines give us confidence to close this fiscal 
year with around 10% to 15% growth in overall top line. This implies a strong pickup in top line 
growth in the forthcoming quarters. 
For Q1 FY27, our revenue came in at INR1,590 crores, and it was lower both sequentially and 
year-on-year due to lower rate of execution, primarily in the international EPC segment. Due to 
fag end of completion of 4 of our international projects in South Africa, Spain and Italy, we were 
mindful in new international business due to earlier challenges faced in international market. 
Now with the success story of 4 successful international projects, we have bagged 3 new 
projects, 2 in South Africa and 1 in Egypt, where the execution and revenue flow is likely to 
start soon. So as CKT alluded during his opening remarks, a significant proportion of our UOV 
is yet to commence execution, post which our top line growth is also expected to pick up. 
A bright spot in our Q1 results was the performance of O&M segment, where the top line grew 
around 40% year-on-year due to the significant increase in O&M portfolio size. We expect 
continued improvement in O&M top line, as the complete portfolio is yet to contribute fully. We 
anticipate full contribution of 18.3 gigawatt to commence from Q3 FY27 onwards. 
On the gross margin front, our Q1 FY27 gross margins were around 9.9% compared to 10.5% 
in FY26. We expect the EPC gross margin to range between 8% to 10%, depending on the 
project mix of turnkey and BoS. On the O&M side, we expect gross margins to stabilize at 
around 20% level.  
Our operational EBITDA, which is operating revenues less recurring overheads amounted to 
INR78 crores this quarter, and the operational EBITDA margin was around 4.9%. Our reported 
quarterly EBITDA was also positively impacted by forex gains and amounted to INR96 crores. 
Our Q1 PAT grew 36% year-on-year to INR53 crores, aided by lower effective taxation rates. 
Now coming to the balance sheet. Our net debt levels have remained largely stable this quarter. 
Our gross borrowings declined by approximately INR130 crores this quarter due to scheduled 
repayments of term loans. Our net working capital was at negative INR260 crores compared to 
negative INR329 crores in previous quarter. 
As CKT mentioned earlier, with the improved collections from the new large projects, we 
anticipate the working capital cycle to continue to improve. We continue to make good progress 
on fresh limits on non-fund and fund-based requirement. We have cumulatively been able to 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
obtain fresh credit lines to the tune of more than INR3,200 crores to let the growth momentum 
in the business. 
With this, we can now open the floor to questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Kunal Shah with DAM Capital Advisors. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. Now despite the order inflow momentum being strong, so the revenue has declined 10% 
Y-o-Y, and we've not been able to achieve the targeted INR20 billion to INR25 billion run rate 
for revenues on a quarterly basis. Could you just explain what happened during the quarter? And 
versus the last quarter guidance of 15% growth for F '27, now you're mentioning about 10% to 
15%. So is there some bit of miss that we are seeing in terms of execution? 
C.K. Thakur: 
We have given the guidance of growth of, say, around roughly INR2 billion quarter-on-quarter 
basis or INR2.5 billion quarter-on-quarter basis. The assumption was that revenue would be 
coming from the projects in hand and the new orders where we were announced L1 in Q3 and 
Q4. 
The NTP dates or LOA for these projects were delayed for the specific reasons and the 
contributions from those new orders could not add to this quarter's revenue streams. Also, the 
UOV from the existing orders that we had, all those projects were during the advanced stage of 
the execution. And most of the supplies were taken into the previous quarters. 
And we were expecting that the revenue contribution from the new orders will come initially 
through the supply from here. And therefore, our assumptions was absolutely on the right track 
and we could have got it. Unfortunately, all new orders launched were delayed. And therefore, 
I mean, this is the seasonal phenomena that the revenue has dipped. So I mean, in the subsequent 
quarters, we don't anticipate - maybe the second quarter also would see slight slow, but then 
third and second half of the year could be definitely bright. 
Kunal Shah: 
Understood. Also secondly, with this mega order from Egypt, could you just explain the life 
cycle of this particular project? And when will the execution start? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So that's the landmark project for us. And the project is for 13 to 15 months’ time after the 
NTP, 2 months LNTP period. And the NTP of this project, we are expecting in September. With 
this September NTP, we are expecting that the revenue contribution from this project will add 
to the last quarter of this financial year. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Understood. And just last bit on the orders from Adani or potential parent orders or the 
Egypt one, none of the company-specific banking limits would be used for these 3 projects, 
right? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
For this Egypt order, there could be part amount which we use from existing credit lines and 
partly, we can get the new credit lines for project-specific requirement. For Adani, there is no 
specific requirement for using credit lines, because supplies are primarily from their side. 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
And from parent company, we've still not closed the terms. So it would be speculative if you say 
anything in terms of requirement of credit lines. But broadly, we anticipate that there may not 
be requirement of using any credit lines. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Yash Jhurani with Qode Advisors. 
Yash Jhurani: 
Hi, sir. So how much of our INR13,000 crores UOV is exposed to, say, the ALMM list to sale? 
And with domestic sales being like at around 130%, 160% premium and a 6-month certification 
backlog, what is the risk of that our execution ramp slips off into say these next few quarters? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So basically, the Coal India orders that we announced last time where we are L1, the NTP 
or LOA still we are expecting. This is a turnkey project. And here -- and you know that as per 
the policy guidelines, any project which were bidded after 1st September 2026, they are all under 
DCR category. So, the Coal India orders we won  is under DCR category. Interestingly, we have 
already locked the price, the price at which we have -- I mean we submitted our bids. So despite 
the fact that the market is not stabilized, the DCR market, there are a lot of speculations all 
around. But the Coal India would be the first order where the DCR model’s demonstration will 
come. And fortunately, we have locked the price, and we don't anticipate any impact on to the 
module price increase because of the market upsurge. 
Yash Jhurani: 
Understood, sir. Just a follow-up for that. So for future orders and tenders that we will bid, the 
DCR cost tariff shock, will it break any project IRRs for you guys? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Not really. Not really. I mean, as we have given the guidelines that it depends on the mix of the 
orders that we are getting - a full turnkey or BoS. Some seasonal impact in one quarter could 
happen. But overall, at the end of the year, if you see, then our margin will remain in basically 
8% to 10%. 
Yash Jhurani: 
And for BESS it has its own, say, localization pressure. So how exposed is your BESS margin 
to the duty charges on the imported sales? 
C.K. Thakur: 
No, I could not really get your question. Can you come back again, please? 
Yash Jhurani: 
The BESS projects have their own localization pressure in terms of the sales that are currently 
being imported. So just wanted to understand how exposed is our BESS project IRR or the order, 
say, on the duty charges which are put on the imported sales? What kind of margin do we expect 
from that segment if any, say, regulations come into place? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Absolutely. I got it. Yes. So this is basically you are talking about the BESS projects. So 
basically, we are currently executing 1 BESS project, which is the BESS supply is not in our 
scope, which is being supplied by the client free of cost. So there is no impact of such regulatory 
changes and all.  
We are doing only BESS project. In future if the BESS project comes with the turnkey orders, 
including the BESS supply in our scope. So whatever price we will consider kilowatt hour price, 
will consider then the current market scenario and all. As of now in the existing order, we are 
not exposed to any such risk. 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Faizal Hawa with HG Hawa & Company. 
Faizal Hawa: 
Sir, are you going to work on any kind of projects over the sea in this financial year or any orders 
coming up for that? And secondly, sir, did you say that the second quarter will be also slow 
because of revenue not being recognized and execution being slow? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So the first question is your over the sea --  are you talking about the floating solar plants? 
Faizal Hawa: 
Correct. It is mentioned in the presentation also. 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. Great. You may be aware that, I mean, we are doing one of the India's largest floating plants 
with NTPC and DVC joint venture as a client in their one of the biggest dam in Tilaiya, 
Jharkhand, and after that, I mean, there was one more tender in the market that we lost to 
somebody, maybe KPI in Gujarat through SECI.  
These quarters, there are a few tenders which are coming.And they are large size, including, 
again, the NTPC-DVC ventures and plus some of the state governments. And having executed 
on large project, we are well-positioned to participate in these tenders, and we are expecting, 
yes, some of the -- I mean, some portions of the orders definitely will come to us. 
Second question that the revenue in the second quarter. So yes, so what I said that in second 
quarter, there were 2 factors; one that the new orders that I have mentioned, even if I'm expecting 
the LOA to come in this quarter, but then the revenue realizations will happen in subsequent 
quarters only. 
So on the existing UOV in the hands, to that extent, it will be impacted and plus the rainy season, 
the monsoons, right? So that also will slightly affect. But nevertheless, the number that we have 
achieved in this quarter, I'm confident of achieving I mean, in the similar range for the next 
quarter as well. 
Quarter 3 and quarter 4 would be definitely be very, very high because by that time, all the new 
orders will come into the execution stage and I am expecting that significant contributions from 
those orders will come to revenue. 
Faizal Hawa: 
Just to add what are the efforts that we are making to reduce the central office expenses and the 
overall fixed costs that we are having. And second is, sir, is there any way that we can mitigate 
the risks of this international order that we have also got? 
C.K. Thakur: 
What was the first -- so the first part of the question again, I just missed, the fixed cost? 
Faizal Hawa: 
Fixed cost, particularly our center office expense because that is what? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So with all these order increase, see whatever manpower strength and the other things are 
augmented to take up this kind of the new orders they are all costed into the project. And 
miniscule augmentations happens at the head office. And if you see our manpower strength and 
other things. So and the number also. So, this quarter overhead is also -- I mean lesser than the 
last quarter, in fact. So we are pretty well on to managing the overhead at the company levels.  

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
On the international side, the risk I don't foresee because all the -- market surge and everything 
and a few of the items which we believe that, that could be getting impacted were all tied up 
back to back. So, there's no risk of -- and having executed the 4 projects in international markets 
as we have been telling in the previous calls also. So the team has been well-positioned to 
understand the market before times and position themselves to take care of all those. So both the 
projects in Africa, Europe. I mean, successful we have completed within the prescribed ones or 
you can say above the targeted margins. We're pretty confident that there should not be any miss 
on the new projects that has come to us now. 
Faizal Hawa: 
Okay. And sir, what is the hit rate in this quarter for us out of total amount of projects that have 
been bidded out in India? How much have we won? And what is the kind of bid pipeline we see 
for the coming year in India, in terms of INR crores? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So unfortunately, this quarter, we were expecting that the order in the tune of over 
INR20,000 crores could have been finalized, right? Those were the spill over of the orders from 
Q4. Unfortunately, the total orders that were concluded was only INR6,400 crores, including 
both the PSU and the IPP. 
Some of the new entrants have gone aggressive and we remain patient to see the profitable 
orders. And since we had already a very great visibility of the revenue streams out of the new 
orders that we got and the UOV that we had from the existing one. So, we definitely have not 
gone that aggressive. And that's basically we decided not to go that aggressive. But since these 
2 quarters have been sluggish, the projects that will be announced in the quarter 3 and the 
projects that are anticipated to be announced in quarter 4, overall value, if you say that is still -- 
I can clearly see that the order worth of around INR45,000 crores to INR50,000 crores, right? 
So, let's say, around 25 gigawatt on the utility scale and around 35 gigawatt hour on the BESS 
side - so those kind of order pipeline is clearly seen. So I'm expecting that this quarter and the 
next quarter, our shortfall will be definitely catching up. So it is a huge pipeline, significant 
orders we see, and we are anticipating our share to remain intact. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jayesh Shroff with Cask Capital. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
My question is now that you have already reduced the top line guidance from more than 15% to 
10% to 15%. And you were also alluding to the fact that second quarter, of course, because of 
monsoon and other factors is also going to be as low as the first one. 
That means that your execution in H2 will need to be greater than maybe INR2,600 crores, 
INR2,700 crores or maybe around INR2,600 crores. And on top of it, you will have Reliance 
starting their projects, which will also demand faster execution. So, are we geared up for such 
kind of execution scale? I mean, wouldn't that be a bottleneck going ahead? 
C.K. Thakur: 
No, absolutely not. So in fact, as per our guidance, we were geared up to achieve over INR2,000 
crores of revenue in this quarter as well. Unfortunately, the market scenario, I mean came into 
the play, and we could not get the support from the orders that we had, right? But then the team 
was absolutely in place. And we are completely geared up. For even Reliance initiatives, also, 
we are in the process of augmenting the team. We have more than the core team strength that 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
we have in place. So we are absolutely fine-tuned to take up this kind of, and we have no other 
options also. We have to achieve, I mean the kind of the revenues in the second half of the year, 
as we have explained. So we have no other option. We have to. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
Okay. Just 1 more clarification. This order -- I mean, top line guidance of 10% to 15% is ex 
Reliance, right? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Yes, that's right. 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
Okay. So that means that we have to do maybe around INR3,000 crores around quarter 4 types. 
So that's what I'm saying, see, you've guided for execution of more than INR2,000 crores. But 
here, we are talking of close to INR3,000 crores. So that is why I asked that question, that will 
that not become a bottleneck in execution? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Point well noted, and we are mindful of this point that our target for quarter 3 and quarter 4 is 
going to be heavy. We're mindful of this thing. So we are well prepared for that. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
Okay. So that -- I mean, management is confident and reassuring on that, that will not come as 
an excuse or whatever, I mean, a bottleneck to downgrade the top line growth any further? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Boss, we have no option. I mean we have to perform at that level. 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Q4 of FY25, I think we did more than INR2,500 crores. 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes, we have demonstrated already. 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
We had demonstrated in FY25, Q4. 
C.K. Thakur: 
And then the significant contribution will come in Q3 and Q4 from international orders also. So 
with domestic and international mix. So achieving the target of over INR2,500 crores, I don't 
foresee any challenge in that. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
Okay. We at least have stabilized on the operational front and our gross margins also closer to 
9.5%, 10%. Now we are talking of the guidance between 8% to 10%. So is there some 
downgrade there? Or why we are talking of 8% to 10%? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So why we are talking is basically, I mean, in the beginning, I have told you, the margin basically 
comes from the mix of orders that we get. So the turnkey orders in terms of absolute numbers 
for turnkey orders, while the percentage margin will remain low, but in absolute numbers, it will 
be high, right? 
Whereas on the BoS project side, we have margin of let's say around 10%, correct? So it all 
depends on -- in the next few quarters, the kind of orders, the opportunity is huge for even both 
the turnkey and the BoS. But at this moment, I can't tell you that, I mean, all are through the RA 
process and all. So it will all depend on the kind of order mix that we will have and that would 
be between 8% and 10%. That's what we have guided. 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Jayesh Shroff: 
I mean I'm sorry for asking this maybe a very dumb question, but will it have any bearing on our 
EBITDA margins also, I mean, because of maybe a lower gross margin? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
So our overheads in terms of absolute number will not increase. In terms of percentage, it should 
come down a little bit from the current number, because we are growing in terms of revenue. 
And of course, if the gross margin is getting impacted negatively, there will be some impact on 
EBITDA margin as well. 
C.K. Thakur: 
Marginal impact, yeah. 
Jayesh Shroff: 
Okay. Otherwise, in case of a stable margin, your operating leverage scenario should play out? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Absolutely. That's right. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Adwait Javkar with EquiPoise Capital Management. 
Adwait Javkar: 
So now you explained that revenue was impacted due to delays in the projects. So do these 
delays increase the risk of bank guarantee invocation or contract termination? If yes, what is the 
maximum financial impact in the worst-case scenario? 
C.K. Thakur: 
No, not really. So since the new orders that we said that had been delayed, so those orders 
contract date itself has not started because we are anticipating the LOA to come. Now the project 
time lines will start from the date of LOA. So there's no question of the bank guarantee 
invocations or any further risk on such orders. 
Adwait Javkar: 
Okay. And the second question is, there are total claims are around INR1,800 crores. So 
realistically, when do you expect a meaningful portion of these claims to be resolved or 
recovered? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Indemnity? 
Adwait Javkar: 
Not indemnity. Basically you have done some claims. So basically, like there are some claims 
related to arbitration, then some INR508 crores of wrongfully invoked bank guarantee claims 
and there are 2 international customer claims. So at what time you are expecting that this will be 
recovered? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So basically, if you see, out of these claims, so large claims are from the U.S. 2 projects, right, 
2 orders. And they are in the court. The settlement of this case in the court will take, let's say, 2 
to 3 years' time. I mean, conservatively, I can say a minimum 2 years, it's going to go up to 3 
years' time. So rest as others are basically -- I mean could be settled much earlier, either through 
settlement or through the arbitration process being concluded. But the two claims will go longer. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Sucrit Patil with Eyesight Fintrade. 
Sucrit Patil: 
I have 2 forward-looking questions. Maybe these questions would have been answered back 
also. I just want to have a clarity on this. The first question to Mr. Thakur is beyond the headline 
order book growth, how are you planning to structurally reposition the company's EPC and 
O&M portfolio over '25, '28 financial year to defend margins in a rising input cost kind of 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
scenario, while ensuring the performance against execution delays and battling the competition 
also in the space? That's the first question. I'll ask the second question after this. Thank you. 
C.K. Thakur: 
So basically, as you have been telling you that from the project side, we are anticipating the 
margin in the range of 8% to 10%. And on the O&M business, so these times on the top line in 
the O&M has seen the massive addition. That is largely from the gigawatt levels of the project 
that we completed in the last couple of the quarters. So those have come in to the operation stage. 
And their revenue streams will start from the subsequent quarter. So on an average, 20% margin 
on the O&M side will continue to be there. So that would be the kind of scenario. Because of 
any uncertainty at this stage, either in the O&M or in the project, I'm not anticipating the margin 
to dip down from the level that we have now explained to you earlier and now explaining you 
in this call. 
Sucrit Patil: 
My second question to Mr. Ajit Singh is, again, along the same lines. Just want to understand 
with working capital intensity rising and financing costs also being volatile, what frameworks 
are you putting into place to sustain the profits and fund global expansion and maintain your 
regular dividend commitment? Just in case, if any project delays or regulation increase comes 
in this quarter? I want to understand your view on this. 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Yes. Thank you. In terms of credit lines, we have diversified base of lenders. We have added a 
few new lenders recently in a couple of few quarters in India as well as globally. So for example, 
in South African project, we got over there, we have taken credit lines locally from the banks in 
South Africa. So now we are a very diversified pool of lenders supporting our growth initiatives. 
In fact, the lead bank also has increased the limit. From existing lenders also we are seeing good 
response and they are raising the limit. So that's on the credit line side. In terms of term loans, 
we have significant term loan, which will get repaid during the current year and next year. And 
post that, we'll be almost deleveraged in terms of fund based requirement. 
Working capital, webe likely foresee that we continue to operate a negative working capital 
cycle, considering the advances that we receive from the customers and overall, payment 
portfolio from customers and supplies under LCs, which is basically from 90, 120, 180 days -- 
up to 180 days also in certain cases. So we will continue to leverage that position in terms of 
managing working capital going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Anirudh Singhi with Dalal & Broacha PMS. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
So this recent arbitration that we entered in Australia, is that covered under indemnity? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
So there are 2 portions. One is liquid damage under this contract. It's a contract with a part initial 
and that is covered under indemnity. We are expecting the amount to get realized in the current 
fiscal from the promoters. And the balance amount, we have a very strong case because for the 
same LD, the customer encashed bank guarantees. They levied LD also and then encashed bank 
guarantee as well. So there can't be 2 claims and they withheld our receivables and payments. 
So, we have strong position in that case as per the legal advice we opted, and that's why we are 
going ahead with the litigation. 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. So the total arbitration amount is about INR200 crores. Of that, how much is covered by 
the indemnity? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Around INR110 crores is covered under LD. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. And in our annual report, we mentioned certain cases, which we think are not tenable, but 
they amount about INR3,800 crores. How much of that will be covered? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Yes, we will get back to you on this. So basically, these are frivolous kind of claims, loss from 
our customers. And there is no cash out as of now. So it is difficult to quantify the amount at this 
stage. 
Anirudh Singhi: 
Okay. But I just want to understand if any of it is covered by the indemnity or not? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
So 1 large claim is covered, that is from a customer where we have not taken the project. We 
bid the project, but later on that was cancelled. So that's covered. To quantify the exact amount 
because this kind of frivolous claims and without any basis as of now. So to quantify the amount 
is difficult, but we don't foresee any likely impact on the company because of these claims. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Balasubramanian with Arihant Capital. 
Balasubramanian: 
Sir, on the battery side, the opportunity size earlier mentioned about 50 to 60 gigawatt hours, 
but our order backlog is around INR300 crores, INR400 crores range. I'm trying to understand 
what are the big pipeline in the BESS segment? And what are the government target or tendered 
pipeline over the next 2 to 3 years? And when we can expect sizable revenue contribution in the 
BESS segment? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So I mean the Government of India target of achieving this 500-megawatt by 2030 is well on 
track. And contribution from solar is close to 200-megawatt as of now. So I'm expecting that in 
the next 2 to 3 years, the opportunities to be made available in the market will be in the tune of, 
let's say, 35 to 40 gigawatt, right? And enough opportunities are there. 
So when I say that -- so how our business philosophy operates is that whatever UOV we have 
from the projects that we have in hand, that we commit to the market that from there, we will be 
getting the revenue. And any orders -- new orders coming before the quarter 1, let's say, 20% to 
30% would be coming as a part of revenue in the subsequent quarters. Any orders which will 
come into quarter 3, particularly quarter 4 and all, that will spill over to the next quarter. So that's 
how basically we, I mean, forecast the revenue streams and accordingly, the other financials on 
that. 
Balasubramanian: 
Net margin, it seems feel like Solar EPC margin 8% to 10% kind of gross margin. I'm trying to 
understand in that EPC on that side, what are the battery constraints we are currently pursuing 
like whether it’s the LFC and NMC, Sodium ion. And what is the current trend and what is the 
sourcing strategy? Because in Indian market, it's not that much mature, right now it is evolving 
stage. So if you could explain your sourcing strategy and what kind of battery constraints we are 
looking on? Is that any changes in technology, whether it will improve our margin size? 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
C.K. Thakur: 
Firstly on the BESS side, if you see the margin in the BoS is same as the PV plant, around 10% 
and on the battery side, in fact, market could be turbulent and that also can go sometimes even 
lower than the PV modules margin that in the turnkey project we consider. But more or less, you 
can consider a similar amount. 
On the technology side, yes, so we are also geared up. We know that having executed around 28 
gigawatts around the globe, so we are well-positioned to take care of any kind of technological 
development that is happening in the industries. So we can see much ahead of the times. 
And the market pressure is also -- I mean, basically leading us towards the more innovations and 
innovations and innovations and optimizations in this area. So you are right, the pressure will 
come from the other uncertainties in terms of technical development and in terms of other things, 
but we are well positioned to handle all those kind of things. 
Balasubramanian: 
On the sourcing strategy side, sir, for battery.  
C.K. Thakur: 
Sourcing strategy. So sourcing strategy, see currently, I mean, we don’t have Indian market 
matured enough to get the battery in India. And now the government is -- I mean the criteria for 
the tender is that it should be Make in India program. So most of the people, there could be small 
groups in the time to come, but currently, all those players, they are getting the sale, the 
containers, the racks, all other components from outside, and they are just assembling in India, 
and they say it's a Make in India product.So we are very, very carefully evaluating that who all 
could be our partners in the future, particularly looking at their performance and all - because as 
a EPC company, the performance criteria comes on our head. 
So with all these kind of uncertainties if you have -- I mean we are just trying to understand. 
That's right, it's there. But then we've been a leader in the industry, we are trying to evaluate all 
those kind of things and then accordingly, we'll go for the tie-ups. We are evaluating. We're still 
in the process of evaluating. I mean, from the markets, all those we are trying to integrate the 
battery supply from India. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay. And my last... 
C.K. Thakur: 
And for our international projects, whatever the best will come, they are all from different 
supplies. I mean their project is proven, there is no such condition of making specific country 
programs and all. So there, we don't foresee any problem. But for India, till such time, the market 
will be getting matured, we have to move carefully and we have to evaluate all these things, and 
then we have to take a call. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, when we can expect improvement in Nigeria side. I think currently, it's going 
through slow phase. And what is our current exposure? Is there any big pipeline in Nigeria 
market? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So Nigeria market, I'll say we -- I mean, it's a slow procedural delay I mean delayed onto the 
procedure side. Then, again, elections becoming due and all, it may get further delayed. But 
frankly speaking in all our business plans, we are not considering as of now in this particular 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
year for any revenue coming from the Nigeria and all. Other than that, there could be some 
opportunities in Nigeria, smaller ones, but we are not following that. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kenil Mehta with Omkara Capital. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Sir, any reason for increasing in our O&M capacity drastically from 13.5 gigawatts to 18.3 
gigawatts within 1 quarter? And where do you see O&M capacity going to 25 gigawatts by 
FY28? And as we have scaled up our O&M capacity, our revenue should shoot up in the next 
few quarters of O&M from INR90 crores quarterly to INR120 crores, INR130 crores. 
C.K. Thakur: 
So thanks. Basically, it's very simple. So basically, our O&M business model is that order 
additions comes from the EPC orders. So that's the integrated O&M contract basically. When 
the project is completed, it comes to the O&M phase and equivalent to the O&M orders, this 
goes to the O&M. So that is from our own EPC addition.  
So  last year we completed around 5.8 gigawatt DC commissioning. And all those projects which 
we commissioned, I mean, straight they have come to the O&M stage because those orders were 
for 2 to 3 years of O&M in our scope.  
And the third one is basically the orders from the third-party. So there has been significant 
improvement in the orders from third-party as well in the last quarter, around 1.2 gigawatts was 
the one single order that we concluded and then there were many few in the range of 200 to 300. 
But I say if you have seen the market how it is surging, the financial year '24-'25, let's say it was 
17 gigawatt of additions. I mean I'm talking about only utility scale, not the rooftop and the 
other. The '25-'26 was around 25 gigawatts. This year, it could be around, let's say, 30-35 
gigawatt. So all those projects when it is commissioned, it comes to the O&M stage. 
And subsequently, we are also raising our limit for the project execution. So those will come to 
the O&M stage and the remaining from the third party, I mean our efforts will be to grab some 
more orders from there. So basically, putting together, this kind of growth is seen, which is, I 
mean, quite logical and justified. 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
We expect a revenue of more than INR400 crores, in the range of INR400 crores to INR450 
crores in the current year from O&M business, vis-a-vis around INR268 crores in the last year. 
So there will be significant supply.  
Kenil Mehta: 
Could we see increase in margin from 18% to 25%, which we have seen in FY22? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
O&M margin, we expect to be stabilized at around 20%. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Understood. And sir, what was the reason for increasing our total employee base over 1 year 
because technically it's double, based on annual report? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So basically, as the project -- I mean, you see the execution capacity we have to augment.So 
earlier, let's say, we have to be doing 3 gigawatt kind of thing. This year we have around 10.5 
gigawatt under execution. So on the project-specific manpower, we have to increase.  

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
And then last portions of the projects have come to the O&M. So the O&M manpower also 
getting added. Also to see the market, since the manpower attrition and the -- I mean, the market 
is volatile. There are a lot of infrastructure projects coming in. So we also create the pipeline of 
our, I mean, GETs and all. So, this year, we have had around 100 GETs to be trained in the next 
couple of years to take their positions and all. So they are all futuristic plan. And because of that, 
I mean, we have to take some calls, right? So then that's how it has increased, but they are all on 
to the project specific. They are not adding to the overhead. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Okay. So based on your comment that H2FY'27, EPC revenue will be way more higher than by 
H1, and it will cover the 15% growth we are expecting? 
C.K. Thakur: 
That's what I have told. Yes, you are right. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Understood. And sir on the Reliance order, there will be -- as we bid for the order and there is a 
delay in LOA. On Reliance side due to the parentage, there could be a quicker LOA acceptance 
given to you. Does that correct the time to bid and win the orders and the time to execute will 
be way lower than the other orders? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So project, the execution plan would be very, very intensive. So the time would be 
definitely lower than the markets. But then accordingly, Reliance is also preparing with that kind 
of readiness. And we, as a EPC company also we are gearing up to cope up with this kind of.... 
Kenil Mehta: 
And in that, all the raw material will be provided by Reliance New Energy only? We have to 
only execute on the EPC side? 
C.K. Thakur: 
This is difficult to reveal all the information because the kind of contract that will be formulated 
with some supply in our scope, majorly maybe being supplied by them. But then what would be 
the composition of the contracting in terms of pricing and all is difficult to, I mean, reveal at this 
stage. But it will happen, I mean with some supply in our scope maybe majorly by them and 
then, of course, their executions. But then exactly -- revealing, I mean, the fundamentals of the 
order composition is difficult at this stage. 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
And both the companies being all being listed companies, all those transactions will be on arm's 
length basis. That's what we can say at this point in time. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Okay. Understood. But do you see O&M order book shooting up as we execute more orders, 
O&M orders shooting up to 30, 35 gigawatts order book size\ by FY28, which will lead to more 
sticky revenue and EBITDA margin for our company? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So I mean, our business plan is, of course, here, if you see the 5 years business plan, then 
we have seen -- we have started 1.8 gigawatt of O&M orders in 2018. And from there today, we 
are at 18 gigawatts. In last 8 or 9 years. So that means we have gone multi-fold, right? So adding 
even 5 gigawatt, 4 to 5 gigawatts per annum from our own EPC projects and 2 gigawatts from 
the outside, the ramp-up rate would be pretty high. We add value to the customer. So having 
seen the kind of the operational maintenance we do for the customer, that also spreads. So some 
of the customers who are tried with the other agencies, O&M agencies and seeing the 
performance of the plant that we operate and we add value to them during this stage, they come 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
to us for the operation. So this market is pretty robust, I think, in our opinion. So I can't tell you 
that, I mean, 35 or 45 gigawatts, but then the CAGR for the O&M growth definitely will be 
growing at a much higher speed. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Understood. And sir, on the arbitration side, if we lose -- we have 4 arbitrations, 1 in U.S. , 1 in 
other geography. If we lose, then are there any chances of losing on the INR1,800 crores and 
INR1,300 crores counterclaim filed by the party? 
C.K. Thakur: 
So as you know in some of the questions, our CFO has already, I mean, addressed these 
questions. So there are 2 parts of any claim. One is the LD, right? Other is the operational 
frivolous claims or whatever it is from the client side. And some our genuine claims. So those 
are under arbitration. So while the U.S. claim, the cases are under the court, which will take 
pretty longer times, maybe 2 to 3 years. So the LD side is indemnified. The other would depend 
on the court cases. In our opinion, all our cases are very -- I mean, strong. So we are not 
anticipating any impact. 
Kenil Mehta: 
Should we see lower... 
 
Moderator: 
I'm sorry to interrupt, Kenil. I would request you to join back the queue. Thank you. The next 
question comes from the line of Shrish Vaze with Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
Shrish Vaze: 
My question is regarding -- you had mentioned that other receivables related to LC and BG 
invocations were around INR1,054 crores from your annual report. So just wanted to understand 
how much of these are covered under indemnity? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
We are cash out and covered under indemnity for around INR800 crores, which is likely to 
fructify over next couple of years. Current year, we are expecting in the range of INR120 crores 
to INR130 crores to get realized under indemnity. 
And based on the outcome of the litigations, amount will get realized from indemnity or from 
the customer based on the final outcome. We believe that based on the legal opinions whatever 
we have obtained, that all those litigations we have a very strong case to recover the money 
either from the customer or from the promoters. 
Shrish Vaze: 
Got it. Second question is regarding your trade receivables. So if I look at your undisputed trade 
receivables more than 3 years, we were at around INR145 crores as of FY26? And if I take more 
than 1 year of trade receiving, there is around INR392 crores. So are we expecting any credit 
impairment loss from these trade receivables? 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
Not exactly. So these trade receivables, you can see in 3 parts. One is normal trade receivables. 
Second is retention money, which is being logged post completion of the project and get released 
from the customer as per the contractual terms on completion of defect liability period. And third 
is under litigation, which outcome of final litigation will give the final cash flow to the company, 
either from the promoter or from the customer. 
Shrish Vaze: 
So undisputed that you have mentioned in the annual report, so this would largely be pertaining 
to the retention money related to the project? 

Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy Limited 
 
 
July 17, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Ajit Pratap Singh: 
It has all components, that's what I mentioned. It has retention money also, it has the litigated 
receivables as well as -- so yeah. 
Shrish Vaze: 
Okay. Got it. My final question is regarding your -- in the last concall, you had said that the 
order book as of FY27 end, would also grow at 15%. So considering that you have already 
achieved INR13,000 crores of order book. So would you still maintain that guidance of 15% of 
order book growth as of FY27? 
C.K. Thakur: 
Yes. So that's why -- so basically, last year, our progress run-rate on the order achievement was 
more than the -- I mean, the guided number, the base was really high. So from that base, we are 
expecting the growth at least 10% to 15%. So yes, I mean, you can anticipate the additions of 
10% to 15% over the last year. 
Shrish Vaze: 
Like I'm asking not about revenue, but about order book as of FY27, would you have some 
number in mind that you can achieve? 
C.K. Thakur: 
We can say that the order book would be definitely more than INR10,000 crores in this financial 
year. To start with in the first quarter of next financial year at maybe slightly higher numbers 
than this financial years we had at the UOV. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last question. With 
that, we conclude today's teleconference. On behalf of Sterling and Wilson Renewable Energy 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect 
your lines. 
