 
 
 
14th August, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
LisƟng Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
LisƟng Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Friday, 7th August, 2026, at 05:00 PM IST, to discuss Q1 FY27 Business and 
Financial Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
PRAKASH BHOGIBHAI 
MAKWANA
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
BHOGIBHAI MAKWANA 
Date: 2026.08.14 11:10:56 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 07, 2026 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Satya Prakash Mishra, Group Head, 
Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Satya Prakash Mishra:Thank you, Pari. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the 
Q1FY27 results conference call for Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. The 
financial results for the quarter and related presentations were uploaded to our 
website as well as on the stock exchanges. Hope you had enough time to go 
through it. 
 
Before we begin, let me introduce the management team. Joining with me 
today on the call is our Chairman, Mr. Kulin Lalbhai; Mr. Priyansh Kapoor, 
our Managing Director and CEO. We also have Mr. Amit Chamaria, the CFO 
of the company. 
 
Please note that anything said on this call that reflects the outlook towards the 
future should be construed as a forward-looking statement and must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company possesses. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Kulin Lalbhai for his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. It is a pleasure 
to welcome you all to the Arvind SmartSpaces Earnings conference call for the 
first quarter of FY27. We have started the year with a very strong Q1 with 
presales of INR432 crores, which is a 147% growth year-on-year. 
 
Beyond the great momentum in sales, this quarter also marked the highest 
quarterly GDV booked in our BD as well as a very healthy growth in our 
construction rate. This achievement is a strong testament to the foundation we 
have built, and I'm confident that it marks just the opening chapter of a far more 
ambitious and transformative growth journey ahead for us. 
 
Speaking of macro trends, India remains one of the fastest-growing major 
economies supported by strong domestic fundamentals like infrastructure 
investment, favorable demographics and urbanization despite the global 
uncertainty. We remain positive on the residential real estate sector, driven by 
rising incomes, better connectivity and evolving customer aspirations with a 
long-term growth opportunity ahead. 
 
The industry is also witnessing a shift towards organized developers with 
customers, landowners and capital providers increasingly favoring players 
with strong governance, execution and financial discipline, creating a 
favorable environment for established companies like ours. 
 
Our focus remains on building a sustainable, disciplined business with long-
term growth rather than chasing short-term gains. We continue to strengthen 
our people capability, execution capability and governance structure to deliver 
consistent performance across cycles. 
 
Our growth strategy centered on key markets like Gujarat, Bengaluru and 
MMR, allowing us to build deeper expertise and maintain disciplined capital 
allocation. At the same time, our partnership-led model ensures capital 
efficiency, enabling us to scale whilst preserving balance sheet strength and 
financial flexibility. 
 
Another encouraging development during the quarter was the upgradation of 
our long-term credit rating by India Rating to AA- with a stable outlook. We 
see this as more than a financial milestone. It reflects the disciplined manner 
in which the business has been built over the years through prudent capital 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
allocation, strong governance and consistent execution. It also enhances our 
financial flexibility as we continue to pursue future growth opportunities. 
 
We believe our focused market strategy, partnership-led business model, 
strong balance sheet and unwavering commitment to governance and 
execution position us well to continue creating long-term value for our 
stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand it over to Priyansh, who will take you 
through the operational and financial performance for the quarter in greater 
detail. Thank you. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Thank you, Kulin. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
this call. The first quarter of FY27 has been an encouraging start to the financial 
year. We delivered a strong operating performance driven by healthy demand 
across our existing portfolio. Our bookings for the quarter grew by around 
147% year-on-year basis, reflecting the strength of the underlying business 
model, our current portfolio and continued momentum across our core markets. 
 
What is particularly encouraging is that performance was achieved entirely 
through sustainable sales. Over the last few years, we have consciously focused 
on strengthening our sustenance sales engine by improving customer 
engagement, enhancing our sales process and maintaining consistent execution 
across projects. 
 
We are now beginning to see meaningful outcomes from these efforts with 
sustaining sales becoming an increasingly important contributor to our overall 
business and providing greater predictability to our quarterly performance. 
 
Our Aqua City project in Ahmedabad has been a standout performer this 
quarter with booking momentum that reflects both sustained demand and the 
enduring strength of our brand. This performance further strengthens our 
leadership position in horizontal development in Ahmedabad, reaffirming the 
depth of our market understanding and the trust homebuyers continue to place 
in us. 
 
Our launch pipeline remains robust with a couple of launches expected in the 
current quarter and a strong lineup of additional launches planned over the 
balance of the year, providing a solid platform for sustained bookings growth. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
Collection for the quarter has grown by 76% on a year-on-year basis to INR336 
crores. Strong collections and healthy growth in construction spend enabled us 
to generate net operating cash flows of INR81 crores during Q1 FY27, further 
strengthening our financial position and reflecting the resilience of our 
business model. 
 
Looking ahead, our existing project portfolio provides strong cash flow 
visibility with estimated operating cash flows of over INR5,119 crores 
expected to be realized over the next 4 to 5 years. Another important highlight 
during the quarter was the continued momentum on business development 
front. 
 
We added projects with an aggregate gross development value of 
approximately INR2,600 crores, which includes redevelopment project in 
Goregaon, Mumbai and the horizontal residential development in South of 
Ahmedabad. Both these deals are under joint development model. We continue 
to evaluate opportunities selectively with a clear emphasis on project quality, 
capital efficiency and long-term value creation. 
 
Let me now move to the financial highlights for the quarter. For the first quarter 
of FY27, the company reported revenue of INR318 crores compared with 
INR102 crores in the corresponding quarter of previous year. Adjusted 
EBITDA stood at INR150 crores versus INR25 crores in the previous year. 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter has grown to INR97 crores as against INR12 
crores in the corresponding quarter last year. The significant growth in the 
financial numbers is majorly driven by the BU received for Phase 1 of Orchards 
project in Bengaluru. Even as operations continue to scale, our balance sheet 
continues to be healthy. 
 
Net debt to equity has remained at 0.29x, leaving enough headroom to raise 
fresh debt while maintaining healthy debt equity ratio. Further, as on the end 
of the quarter, the unrecognized revenue balance was INR3,825 crores. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the demand environment across 
our core markets. Our launch pipeline, strengthened business development 
portfolio, consistent operating cash flow and healthy balance sheet provides us 
with confidence as we move through the year. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
We continue to hold our guidance for the full year FY27. So we expect to reach 
a bookings growth of 35% to 40% over previous year, business development 
of INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores during this year and EBITDA margins 
on new sales in the range of 22% to 25%. The building blocks to achieve this 
are firmly in place. 
 
With that, I will conclude my remarks, and we can now begin the question-
and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Amit Srivastava from 360 ONE Capital. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Congratulations sir, on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is in 
terms of the presales of booking numbers, which we have seen is very strong. 
And this is one of the projects where we have seen a very strong sales which 
has come from Aqua City. So just wanted to understand the demand trend, 
what is the underlying demand for the overall market? 
 
Is this a project-specific demand which has driven this kind of a response or is 
the underlying demand for the -- our core markets like Gujarat or Bangalore is 
strong that across the project line, we can expect a similar response going 
ahead? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. Thanks, Amit, for the question. So Amit, I think it's a combination of 
both. I think the market, to our understanding, remains definitely strong enough 
to be able to absorb the kind of inventory and the projects we are to the market 
currently. Second, Aqua City, of course, the quality of the development, it's a 
very large project that we are doing. 
 
And I think the concept itself has been very very appealing to the customer. So 
I think it's been a combination of both. But I think from our portfolio 
perspective, when we are looking at the market, I think we are seeing the 
markets as being reasonably strong, stable and responding quite well to most 
of the projects which we are bringing right now in terms of our offering. 
Amit Srivastava: 
So underlying demand is still strong, that's what we can infer from that? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes. I would say, Amit, the underlying demand is still quite strong. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. And second, in terms of the launches pipeline, if you look at, how much 
the GDV we are going to launch during the next 3 quarters? And if you can 
give the project-wise now based on the revised plan? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Amit, we have guided for about INR3000 crores to INR3,500 crores of 
booking value that we are intending to put in terms of the fresh supply in the 
market. This is going to be largely 6 launches that we are working on. And one 
of them is going to be from Ahmedabad. We expect 3 projects from Bengaluru 
to hit the market and 2 from Mumbai. So put together about INR3,000 crores 
to INR3,500 crores because some of the projects we might only bring some 
phases, not the full project inventory. So this is the guidance. 
Amit Srivastava: 
So INR3,500 crores, we will launch or the INR3,500 crores is the opportunity 
of GDV basically? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So INR3000 crores to INR3,500 crores is what we intend to launch in these 6 
projects in the market. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. Okay. Second, in terms of the project, if you look at, we have 
unrecognized revenue of around INR3,800 crores. And in this quarter, we have 
seen a very good jump up in our margin. But just to understand on a normalized 
EBITDA margin, how to understand the INR3,800 crores of revenue which we 
have? And how that will going to book it over the next 1 or 2 years, what would 
be the trend in terms of if you can give any kind of ballpark numbers for that 
in terms of profitability as well as in terms of number, in terms of the top line? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So in terms of the margin profile, I think, of course, this quarter has been, I 
would say, quite a very strong one because of one of the projects that was 
booked in terms of the building use completion. But normally, I think our 
guidance is about 25% EBITDA margin on our portfolio. So I think over a 
period of time, we will expect to maintain that kind of average for both the 
unrecognized revenue and also the unsold inventory that we may have in our 
portfolio. 
 
In terms of booking, I think we haven't put out very clear year-wise guidance. 
But when we are talking about INR5,100 crores of cash flows, which are 
probably sitting from unsold inventory plus the balance collectible. We are 
saying that INR5,000 crores of cash flows will come over the next 4 to 5 years. 
I think the revenue recognition is still a little sporadic because it is very, very 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
approval linked. So we haven't come to annual guidance so far on the revenue 
recognition part. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Any divergence in terms of the margin profile if we are doing any horizontal 
and vertical project, if you can give that range? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Largely, I think, more than horizontal and I would say, vertical, I think for us, 
the margin percentage has varied, whether it's been an outright project or a JD 
project. When we give a range of 22% to 25%, probably I think our JD projects 
are slightly on the lower end of this particular range and our outright projects 
are on the higher end of the range. So together bringing us to this average 
between 22% to 25% on a portfolio level. 
 
In our case, I think while we have maintained this guidance, our current 
portfolio that have currently got recognized, as you can see, are slightly on the 
higher side. But considering the outright mix plus basically the plotted and the 
high-rise mix, I think we expect finally we will be between this range of 22% 
to 25%. 
Amit Srivastava: 
Okay. Last question, sir, in terms of the OCF generation, if you look at this 
quarter, we have done around INR81 crores. So we are growing very fast in 
terms of collection or booking value. But our OCF generation, it seems like it's 
flattening over the last 2 years, if you look at. So can you give us some 
guidance how much we can do this year? And what would be the percentage 
or numbers will be there for the -- over the period of this year, full year? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So last year, we had done about INR400 crores of OCF. And what we 
mentioned even in our previous call that this year, we are targeting to be 
somewhere in the range of INR400 crores to INR500 crores on the OCF front. 
So quarter 1 is in line with what we have been chasing for the full year. 
 
And if you see, I think while the OCF trend compared to last 2 quarters looks 
slightly slower, but we are quite happy about it because the larger incremental 
outflow is towards construction cost, which has been a conscious effort to ramp 
up from our end. 
 
And even OCF of INR81 crores on a base of INR336 crores of collection is 
exactly in line with the kind of margin profile we are guiding for. So in a way, 
we are saying we are catching up well on construction. And it's generally one 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
of the problems in the industry has been slower construction outflows. So we 
are quite happy that we are able to see these kinds of outflows in our portfolio. 
And still the OCF profile is largely in line with the project margin profiles. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhananjay from Centrum Broking. 
Dhananjay: 
Am I audible, sir? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes, Dhananjay. 
Dhananjay: 
So in terms of launch pipeline for this year, so have we also included this 
Goregaon project, which we got or this will happen next year? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Dhananjay, we are saying in Mumbai, we are looking at 2 launches 
currently. As you know, we have 3 projects in the portfolio in Mumbai, which 
have been added. And we are hoping one of the launches that we are going to 
do is the Goregaon project for now. 
Dhananjay: 
And what is the construction area in this? I mean for this project, entire 
construction area versus saleable area? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So the carpet area that we are generating for the market is about 6.7 lakh square 
feet. It's a redevelopment project. So this is the area that we will be putting for 
sale. Remaining, of course, there is a redevelopment component that we are 
building for the members. 
Dhananjay: 
How much of that redevelopment we are doing for members in terms of 
construction area? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
We can get back to you on that. There are about 200-plus units that we have to 
give to the members there, but we can get back to you on the construction area 
exactly for the members. 
Dhananjay: 
And how long it will take in terms of once we put for launches so to complete 
this project about 3 years time? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Dhananjay, sorry, could not understand the question. 
Dhananjay: 
How long it will take to complete the project, this Goregaon after launch? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Goregaon is it's a typical 35-floor plus building in Mumbai. So we are 
expecting to take about 4 years to complete the project once we hit the ground. 
Dhananjay: 
In terms of overall investment for this year as we have. we are targeting 4,000 
to 5,000 in BD so what will be the total investment for this year in terms of 
balance sheet? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So it's a combination. It's going to be a combination of our JD plus outright. So 
today, when we look at the land outflows, we might be closer to in the range 
of INR600 crores to INR900 crores. So that is the kind of outflows we are 
likely to see. But it's a combination of what finally we do in terms of outright, 
what do we do in terms of JD, which will determine the fresh land outflows 
from our end. But right now, I would say INR600 crores to INR900 crores, 
maybe that could be the kind of range you might look at. 
Dhananjay: 
In terms of revenue recognition for this financial year, we started very well 
because of OC on certain projects. So what will be the run rate for this financial 
year -- I mean out of completed projects will come for recognition... 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. So Dhananjay, I think we have started very very well. But because some 
of the OCs are lined up in quarter 4, of course, we are reasonably sure we're 
going to see a strong growth over the previous financial year in terms of the 
revenue number. But very difficult to give an exact range at this particular stage 
because some of the OCs are lined up in the fourth quarter as well, and that can 
sometimes meaningfully swing the revenue recognition because it's just 
dependent on the last approval. 
 
So we have taken that feedback, and we are thinking whether we will start 
talking about this more explicitly. But for now, what you can expect is a 
reasonably strong growth over the previous year, but we're not guiding for it at 
this stage. 
Dhananjay: 
Okay, sir. In terms of labor cost, have you seen any cost increase because of 
shortage of labor in your side of project? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So I think so generally, the cost of manpower labor, I think, has been on the 
uptick in the last few years with a lot of construction activity, which is ongoing. 
Having said this, I think from a project perspective, are these costs big enough 
to impact the project profitability? Not at this particular stage. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
So there could be some increases that are happening, which are gradual, but 
they are not impacting project profitability in our case because we budget for 
some of these upfront when we are signing up on the project. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Vishal from Axis Securities. 
Vishal: 
Congratulations on a great quarter. So you obviously recognized a lot of 
revenue this quarter and you have OCs lined up in Q4. So are you looking at 
revenue recognition to moderate in next 2 quarters in Q4 of this financial year 
and Q1 of next financial year, it picks up again? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Vishal, we are, of course, hoping to recognize revenue as soon as many of 
these OCs come in. We do have a good pipeline for the current year in terms 
of OCs, which are currently lined up. But the quarters are slightly difficult to 
predict whether we will have some of those in Q3 or Q2, I think that's slightly 
difficult to predict at this particular stage. But we are definitely going to see 
some, I would say, reasonably large uptick over the previous financial year 
when it comes to the accounting revenue that has been reported. 
Vishal: 
So my next question is basically on business development and MMR region. 
You've done BD in MMR recently. Do you feel a higher chunk of your project 
would be in MMR as compared to Gujarat soon? And what is the progress with 
the Khopoli project? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So I think, Vishal, we remain quite bullish, in fact, on the Mumbai market. So 
we are continuously looking for more opportunities there. And currently, we 
have INR4,000 crores plus of GDV already locked in the market, and we are 
looking at more opportunities. So we do expect, yes, Mumbai is going to be a 
very large contributor. But it won't be at the cost of probably any defocus on 
Gujarat or Bangalore. I think we remain focused on adding projects in these 2 
cities as well. 
 
But I think Mumbai, every incremental project can bring a lot of addition in 
terms of booking value. So yes, there is a possibility Mumbai grows faster than 
these 2 markets in terms of addition of GDV. That's a possibility. 
 
Second, I think from a launch perspective, Pen Khopoli, we are working on 
this particular project in terms of approval. And like I said, we are hopeful that 
we are able to bring at least 2 out of the 3 projects in Mumbai, in the market, 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
in the current year. And H2, we do have some of these projects which are part 
of our launch pipeline, including the Pen Khopoli one. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ishita Lodha from SVAN Investments. 
Ishita Lodha: 
What were the incremental efforts taken by the company on sales and 
marketing to drive up the sustenance sales? And can we expect a similar or a 
higher run rate in coming quarters? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Ishita, I think from a sales perspective, we have been trying to strengthen 
our distribution capabilities and the way our processes and the teams work. So 
I think we have invested quite a bit in terms of one, strengthening the team all 
across, across all the 3 cities where we are now present and even ensuring that 
our distribution in terms of our channel partner reach, our marketing reach is 
further enhanced. 
 
So I think that has started to show in terms of the results and the numbers that 
we are seeing on the sustenance front. Compared to what we were aiming for 
probably on sustenance, we may. with the first quarter being much better, it's 
possible that sustenance may be slightly more than maybe what we were 
aiming for. 
 
But having said this, we are in a industry where inventory is always a function 
of the approvals you get. So while we are maintaining the overall sales 
guidance for the year, there's a possibility that sustenance may contribute 
slightly more because of the buildup in terms of our own teams internally. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anirudh Sharma from Ekaant 
Investments. 
Anirudh Sharma: 
So a few questions from my side. So my first question is your unrecognized 
revenue has increased to approximately INR3,800 crores. Could you help us 
understand the expected time line for converting this into reported revenue 
over the next few years? 
Amit Chamaria: 
Anirudh, thank you for the question. See this INR3,800 crores of unrecognized 
revenue is essentially like Priyansh was mentioning, is a combination of the 
OCs that we'll get. So broadly, when we look at our project portfolio, it's a 
combination of plotted as well as high-rise. Plotted projects will typically get 
recognized over 2 to 3 years. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
And the high-rise component, the OC comes in, in about 4 years or so. So it is 
going to be a mixture of these 2 things. Broadly, I would say that all of this 
would get recognized over the next 4 years. 
Anirudh Sharma: 
Okay. Understood. So my next question is that the presentation highlights an 
estimated unrealized operated cash flow exceeding INR5,100 crores from the 
existing portfolio. What are the key assumptions behind this estimate? And 
how should investors think about its realization over the project life cycle? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Anirudh, I think like I mentioned, when we talk about this INR5,100 crores 
of cash flow, we are saying, we are targeting to look most of this probably 
getting realized over the next 4 to 5 years as the projects continue to move 
ahead. And this is, of course, from the existing set of projects, this number 
keeps on changing depending on as and when new projects start getting into 
the portfolio. So over the next 5 years, we feel we should be able to monetize 
most of it. 
 
And in terms of assumptions, generally, when we gave out these assumptions, 
the price is based on what we would have underwritten that particular project 
at. And even when it comes to our costing, we have a robust process where 
when we are underwriting a project, we look at what exactly is expected 
outflow. So we have taken those assumptions and basis that concluded and 
estimated this INR5,100 crores of future cash flow. 
Anirudh Sharma: 
Okay. So sir, your net debt to equity has increased to 0.29x as the company 
continued to invest for growth. What would be the comfortable leverage range 
over the medium term, especially considering the strong project acquisition 
pipeline? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So we have said also in the past, and we are maintaining our comfort at 1:1 
debt equity. So till that level, we are quite comfortable. So we do expect a 
gradual increase in our debt level, which is a part of our conscious strategy to 
expand and increase the portfolio size. And we remain quite comfortable when 
we are looking at this particular debt level because when we look at the debt, 
it's also a function of the kind of OCF we generate. 
 
And equity base is a function of the revenue recognition point that we all were 
speaking about for quite some time. So when you look at the total collections 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
and total OCF that we look at, this 1:1 is a very comfortable threshold in our 
view. 
Anirudh Sharma: 
Understood, sir. So one last question from my side. So you had a great start to 
this financial year. Could you share your expectations for the bookings, your 
collections and the business development for the full year? And what are the 
key opportunities and risks that investors should monitor over the next 3 
quarters? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So in terms of our guidance for the bookings, we've said we expect to grow by 
about 35% to 40% over previous year, which takes us to a range of INR2,100 
crores to INR2,200 crores in terms of a number for the current year. 
 
When it comes to business development, INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores 
was the GDV target or the aim we were looking at. And we've already done 
close to about INR2,600 crores. So we feel we are on track, maybe aiming for 
the higher band in terms of the GDV on the BD front. And I think for now, we 
remain quite confident that we are giving these guidances out, I think, fairly on 
track. 
 
From a collection perspective, we have not put out a total annual guidance. But 
if you see, I think the quarter we have had, this is actually our second best 
quarter in terms of collections in our history. So quarter 4 was our best ever 
quarter. And we -- so we are happy to see that we are now clocking INR300 
crores quite frequently in terms of our collection numbers. So we do expect to 
have a decent growth over the last year in terms of collections as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities. 
Jainam Shah: 
Congratulation on a great set of numbers. Sir, my question is more from a 
futuristic perspective. Firstly, if we see your journey eventually after getting 
demerged from the current entity and now doing a good sustenance sales, we 
have came a long way. 
 
Earlier, what used to happen is that whenever we had any specific, what you 
can say, launch at that point in time at that quarter, we'll be having a good sale 
for a quarter or so and then sustenance eventually dried up. 
 
Now we are doing good sustained sales eventually after you can say, going into 
this market. And the question would be, let's say, after reaching this INR2,000 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
crores plus kind of presales, how we would be seeing, let's say, next 5 to 10 
years' time? We are still not a very large player in any of the market, which is 
Mumbai, Bangalore and NCR. We are still a large player in Ahmedabad. How 
do we see our overall journey to be, let's say, national player or something like 
that? 
 
And because real estate cycle has been good between, let's say, FY'22 to till 
date, even if it goes for next few years, how do we able to do it in a better way 
to let's say go towards INR5,000 crores, INR10,000 crores, whatever maybe 
the number for the presales, considering we already have a good overall project 
pipeline along with the BD that we are doing? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. Jainam, very interesting question. And so when we look at, firstly, our 
4- to 5-year plan, I think our guidance has been that we can continue to grow 
at about 25% to 30% CAGR. And I think we remain quite confident that we 
should be able to achieve this. 
 
Now when you look at the split, I think what has interestingly happened on our 
portfolio now and which is by our strategy and design, the inventory that we 
have sitting in our portfolio, now we have actually reasonable stock in all the 
3 markets. And like I said, if you see Mumbai is sitting at INR4,000 crores plus 
worth of stock. 
 
Bangalore is close to INR3,000 crores worth of stock. So now we are truly 
moving beyond one market in the right possible way. So I think this 25%, 30% 
CAGR will also bring us to a very reasonable scale in the next 5 years. 
 
And while we are maintaining this particular trajectory, I think if we are able 
to do this particular phase of growth quite well, we believe, I think from there, 
I think truly becoming one of the large developers on a national level, I think, 
gets incrementally easier once you have put your foothold in 3 markets which 
are fairly large. I think that opportunity, and I think now that particular vision 
is seeming, I think, within our plan, within our reach. 
 
At the same time, I think we've always said we will continue to maintain a very 
deep focus on profitability. So while we expect to be one of the large national 
developers over this 10-year journey that you were talking about, but at the 
same time, I think we are not going to compromise financial discipline just to 
achieve booking value growth. So we are feeling nearer to our plans. I think 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
the way this company, like you said, is getting built over the last 10 years and 
the next 5-year plan. And maybe I think after 5 years, we'll probably take a 
stock whether we look at more markets, whether we -- how do we evaluate our 
next set of growth. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. So one more thing on this future plan is that if we see all the larger 
players, here or there, they will always have some kind of a commercial or a 
retail portfolio wherein they'll get annuity kind of an income. Of course, the 
upfront capex will be higher in that case. We are only focused as of now on the 
residential part. 
 
Are we planning to have anything on the -- you can say annuity portfolio, 
maybe not today, but maybe after 2, 3 years time or something like that? Even 
in the worst-case scenario, let's say something goes off for the real estate 
market as a whole, we'll have a sustenance kind of even the cash flow, which 
will eventually take care of our overall company in the worst-case scenario? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Right. I think, Jainam, it's a very fair point and something we are also thinking 
about and we take your input and feedback on this. This is something which 
we are also thinking about. There's a possibility, I think after a few years, we 
will want to look at this particular opportunity. 
 
Today, I think step one for us is that we also want to develop some of these 
assets probably, I think, and test out the development even if they are done 
with an intent for sale basis. So we may actually look at probably 
understanding more assets from a for-sale basis. And then maybe once we have 
delivered some of these, we know the nuances of delivering some of these 
assets, and then we can probably at a future date, also look at what you 
probably mentioned that we can hold it in our portfolio. 
 
It's a few years away, but something that we are thinking about as we grow. I 
think that could also be an interesting use of capital once this cash flow that we 
are talking about, which is in a way going to realize over the balance sheet 
starts coming in and we can think about this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of from Prisha from Shah Family Office. 
Prisha: 
So I have a couple of questions. So first being the company now has a sizable 
pipeline of projects planned for a launch across Gujarat, Mumbai, Bangalore, 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
etc. So which of these launches are expected over the next 2, 3 years? And 
what level of presale contribution we can expect coming from these recently 
launched projects? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Prisha, for this year, like I said, one project in Ahmedabad, we are definitely 
looking at launching, one of the new projects that we had acquired, which is in 
Vastrapur in Ahmedabad. So that is what we'll bring to market. 
 
Bangalore, we expect 3 projects. One of them already, in fact, which has 
received approval is the new Sarjapur project that we had acquired. So that has 
already got approvals as well. So that is also going to be one of the launches. 
Other than that 2 more projects in Bangalore that we are working on in terms 
of getting to the market. 
 
Mumbai, 2 more projects, so which will allow us, frankly, launches in all the 
3 cities that we operate in. I think, again, when we talk about next year, we are 
building our BD pipeline for all the 3 markets, and we are hoping that we can 
continue and in fact, augment this run rate of about INR3000 crores to 
INR3,500 crores of booking value that we intend to bring in the current year. 
We are hoping next year, in fact, we will be able to bring more inventory with 
BD actually going quite well for us. 
Prisha: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And coming to the operating cash flow, which fairly 
remained strong during the quarter despite the continuous investment which 
we are doing in land and the approvals and everything. So keeping that in mind, 
how do you intend to balance the capital deployment towards the business 
development while also maintaining the leverage -- the healthy leverage, which 
we are having currently along with the cash generation? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So Prisha, if you see generally our quarterly run rate, so if you probably were 
analyzing our operating cash flow, we can do about INR400 crores to INR500 
crores of cash flow, which can come from our operating business itself. So that 
is the first part, which will go towards new BD and new land acquisition. 
 
Second, like we said, I think on the balance sheet, we have enough room to be 
able to add quite some debt. We are at 0.29, and we have said we are 
comfortable 1:1. So that also gives us a fairly large chunk of money which we 
can borrow. And when I'm giving our BD guidance, I'm saying we are looking 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
at about INR600 crores to INR1,000 crores from a cash deployment within the 
current year. 
 
So I think with INR400 crores coming from operating side and with debt lines 
being comfortably available, I think we have enough room to be able to meet 
this guidance of the business development land deployment that we're talking 
about. 
Prisha: 
Understood, sir. Very well answered. And coming to just one more last 
question, if I may. So the adjusted EBITDA margin, which improved 
meaningfully at around 48% to 49% this particular quarter. So how should we 
as an investor view this like should we consider it as a sustainable margin 
profile or were there any project mix or revenue recognition factors that could 
have benefited this quarter? So basically, 2 viewpoints. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes. So I think, of course, we are quite delighted that some of our projects in 
our portfolio are reporting this kind of margin. But when we are advising you, 
we will always say, I think look at the aggregate and the average portfolio 
margin. Average portfolio margin that we look at is about 25%. Fortunately, 
in our case, many of our projects have overperformed on that particular -- on 
that margin. 
 
And one of the projects which got into revenue recognition in this quarter was 
Orchards, where we are way above our guidance. So we will advise and treat 
it maybe as one project which has done exceedingly well. But at the same time, 
probably factor in a 25% EBITDA at this particular stage as a company 
average. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arvind Singh from Maitryi Investments. 
Arvind Singh: 
Am I audible, sir? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Yes, Arvind. 
Arvind Singh: 
So congratulations on great set of numbers. So I just wanted to ask a question 
on the industry side. So how much price appreciation do you see in the 
upcoming next 2 to 3 years on the overall real estate industry? Because I think 
there are a lot of price appreciation happened in the last 3, 4 years. So just 
wanted to know your broad view on the pricing? 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So I think you're right, Arvind, over the last few years, I think a lot of price 
appreciation has happened. My personal view is, I think now the price increase 
cycle, I think, is stabilizing. While because the demand remains strong, there 
are pockets where there are opportunities to pull up the pricing. 
 
But at least when we are underwriting, our business plan, we are ensuring we 
are not dependent on very large price hike. So that is generally something we 
have avoided as a part of our underwriting strategy.So we believe, I think now 
the price increases should be slightly moderated. 
 
The demand continues to be very, very strong. I think in most of the markets 
where we are operating, I think the absorption is strong. But at the same time, 
I don't think we will now see the kind of price increases that we may have seen 
in the last 3, 4 years. I think it's going to be slightly moderated in terms of the 
increases. 
Arvind Singh: 
Okay. Great to hear, sir. And sir, one more question that many of the investors 
said that the real estate cycle is almost done, but you guys are posting robust 
numbers. So where do you see the cycle -- where we are in the real estate cycle, 
if you can give us just broad picture? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
I think my own reading is that when we were probably looking at a very, very 
rapid uptick in growth in the cycle probably when we were talking 2 years ago. 
I think now we are in a stage where probably the cycle demand is stabilizing. 
But when we look at a country like ours, I think the structural demand still 
remains very, very strong. 
 
So even when we talk about these markets, the 3 markets, particularly which 
we are tracking very actively, I think these markets, depending on the reports 
you look at, I think you will be -- one will be looking at anywhere between 
INR3 lakh crores to INR4 lakh crores in terms of annual residential absorption. 
 
So these are fairly deep and large markets in terms of the size that we look at. 
So even if they see some stable growth, we believe I think there is a lot of 
opportunity for developers like us to continue to grow even if the current, I 
would say, structural demand adding to it without the cycle demand giving a 
lot of uptick. 

 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Arvind Singh: 
Okay. And sir, one last question, please. How do you see -- if you are planning 
to go into the Tier 2 markets, so how do you see the margin trajectory there? 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
So for now, Arvind, our focus remains on largely these 3 cities, which are all 
Tier 1: so Bangalore, Mumbai and Ahmedabad. That's what we are continuing 
to focus on. And these 3 cities, I think, like I said, they give us an EBITDA of 
between 22% to 25%. So we are able to maintain these margins in all the 3 
cities. 
 
Between the 3, the price uptick in Bangalore has probably ensured that there 
are probably better margins in some of the projects that we may have 
underwritten in the past in Bangalore. So that's something which is happening 
as a part of the pricing cycle that you have spoken about in the last few years. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question from the participants. I now 
hand over the conference to Mr. Priyansh Kapoor for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
Priyansh Kapoor: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's earnings call and for your 
continued interest in Arvind SmartSpaces. I hope we have been able to address 
most of your questions today. However, if there is anything we may have 
missed or if you require any further information, please feel free to reach out 
to our Investor Relations team, who will be happy to assist you. 
 
Thank you once again for your time and continued support. We look forward 
to interacting with you all once again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. Since it is a 
transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has 
been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
