 
 
 
 
 
 
August 18, 2026 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Code: 532321 
BSE LIMITED 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai–400 001 
 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
              Code: ZYDUSLIFE 
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LIMITED 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai–400 051 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the post results earnings call held on August 11, 2026, pursuant to 
regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”) 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Pursuant to regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the Listing Regulations, please find attached the 
transcript of the Company’s Q1 FY27 post results earnings call held on August 11, 2026. 
 
Please find the same in order. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Zydus Lifesciences Limited 
 
 
Dhaval N. Soni 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS7063 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
DHAVAL 
NARENDRA 
SONI
Digitally signed by 
DHAVAL NARENDRA 
SONI 
Date: 2026.08.18 14:37:07 
+05'30'

 
1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“Zydus Lifesciences Limited Q1 FY27  
Post Results Earnings Call” 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
DR. SHARVIL PATEL - MANAGING DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. GANESH NAYAK - DIRECTOR, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. ARVIND BOTHRA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES 
LIMITED  
                                           MR. ALOK GARG - MD OFFICE, ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Zydus Lifesciences’ earning 
conference call for the first quarter of FY27. Please note, all participants' lines 
will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after management's opening remarks. Should you need any assistance 
during the conference call, please raise your hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on 
the screen. While asking questions, request you to please identify yourself and 
your company. Please note, this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Ganesh Nayak, Director at Zydus Lifesciences. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Mr. Ganesh Nayak: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It is my pleasure to welcome you all to our 
post-results teleconference for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026. For today's 
call, we have with us, Dr. Sharvil Patel, Managing Director, Mr. Tushar Shroff, 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Arvind Bothra, Head of Investor Relations and Mr. 
Alok Garg from the Managing Director's Office. 
To begin with, let me talk about the key developments during the quarter.  
I am happy to report that we commenced FY27 with strong double-digit growth, 
building on the formidable base of FY26. This performance reflects the sustained 
momentum across all our key businesses, each of which contributed 
meaningfully to the overall performance during the quarter. 
With this, first of all, let me walk you through the financial performance for the 
quarter under review: 
 We registered consolidated revenues of ₹ 80.2 billion, up 22% on a year-on-year    
basis. On the operating profitability front as well, our performance was robust 
with an EBITDA margin of 24.1%. Consequently, EBITDA for the quarter stood at 
₹ 19.3 billion while net profit for the quarter stood at ₹ 9.4 billion. Our net debt 
to EBITDA ratio stood at 0.7 times as on 30th of June, 2026.  
Now, let me take you through the operating highlights for the first quarter of 
FY27 for our key business segments.  
 In the Pharmaceutical space,  
  In India, our branded formulations business sustained market outperformance 
with a strong 20% year-on-year growth during the quarter. This business has, in 
fact, outperformed the market growth consistently over the last three financial 
years. Growth during the quarter was broad-based as we grew faster than the 
market in super-specialty, chronic, as well as acute segments. In terms of therapy 
performance, the business grew faster than the market in cardiology, 
diabetology, gynecology, anti-infectives, pain management, and in the super-
specialty areas of oncology and nephrology. Our ranking improved in key 

 
3 of 19 
 
therapies of cardiology, diabetology, and pain management while on the super-
specialty front, we continued to retain leadership position in the oncology 
therapy. Our large innovative brands led by Lipaglyn® continue to strengthen 
their market standing and improve their rankings quarter after quarter, 
underscoring the impact of our innovation on improved patient outcomes. 
Contribution of chronic and sub-chronic portfolio has increased consistently over 
the last several years and stood at 54.2% as per AWACS MAT June 2026, an 
improvement of 360 basis points over the last 4 years. 
 International markets formulations business has delivered strong growth during 
the last several quarters and has established itself as a formidable growth pillar 
for the company. The business sustained the growth momentum during the 
quarter and posted revenues of ₹ 9.7 billion with a year-on-year growth of 34%. 
The growth was led by strong demand-driven performance across markets and 
supported by focused execution. 
 North America business, comprising of the US and Canada, exhibited resilience 
with revenues of ₹ 31 billion during the quarter, up 5% quarter-on-quarter. The 
base US Business continued to gain share driven by sustained volume expansion, 
supplemented by new product launches. On the US generics front, we filed 5 
ANDAs, received 9 approvals (including 4 tentative approvals), and launched 11 
new products during the quarter. Our US specialty business achieved two 
important milestones during the quarter. First, we launched NufymcoTM 
Injection, which is Ranibizumab, our first biosimilar in the US market, marking a 
meaningful expansion of our specialty capabilities and laying the foundation for 
future participation in the growing biosimilar segment. Second, we completed 
the acquisition of Assertio Holdings, significantly strengthening our commercial 
capabilities, portfolio breadth, and market access in the US specialty space. 
These milestones underscore our continued focus on building a robust specialty 
platform in the US and advancing our transition towards a more differentiated, 
innovation-led business model. In Canada, we received 2 ANDS approvals and 
launched 2 new products during the quarter. 
Our Consumer Wellness business recorded revenues of ₹ 14.3 billion, up 67% 
year-on-year. Within this, the international business, including the Comfort Click 
portfolio, delivered a like-to-like growth of 25%, while the domestic business 
grew 5% year-on-year. Within the domestic portfolio, skin & hair care and food & 
nutrition continued their strong momentum, delivering growth of 35% and 16% 
respectively. Seasonal brands, however, de-grew primarily due to the softer 
summer season. 
In the medical devices space, the business registered revenues of ₹ 2.8 billion 
during the quarter. We are investing in enhancing our capabilities in the focused 
therapies, which offer long-term growth potential to create differentiated value. 

 
4 of 19 
 
On the operations front, our injectable manufacturing facility at Zydus Biotech 
Park recently received an Establishment Inspection Report (EIR) with a Voluntary 
Action Indicated (VAI) classification, following a GMP surveillance inspection 
conducted in April’2026 and May’2026. 
During the quarter, we entered into a joint venture agreement with Sunshine 
Healthcare to establish a pharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Sri Lanka to 
strengthen local production and reduce import dependence for the country.  
Now, this concludes the business review. I would now request Dr. Sharvil Patel to 
take you through the key drivers across businesses as well as initiatives in our 
innovation program. Thank you.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you, Mr. Nayak, and good evening, ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure to 
have you all here today on our call. 
 
 FY27 is off to a great start with a strong performance across the key businesses. 
More importantly, we continue to advance our transformation into an 
innovation-led organization. The share of our branded portfolio in the total 
revenues has steadily increased over the last several quarters. It accounted for 
over 55% of our total revenue in the first quarter of this year. As our branded 
business continues to gain scale across markets, we expect their share to exceed 
two-third of our overall revenue over the medium term. I'm confident that the 
strategic choices that we have made over the last several years will build strong 
growth pillars for us in the long term. With our innovation efforts translating into 
commercial opportunities, a growing branded portfolio and disciplined execution 
across businesses, we are well-positioned for our next phase of growth. 
 
On the pharmaceuticals front, our strategy for India formulation business is 
working favorably. The branded business delivered a formidable 20% growth 
during the quarter. In fact, the business has been consistently outperforming the 
market growth over the last several quarters. A key driver of this 
outperformance is our Chronic portfolio. These therapies continue to gain share 
and significantly aid our overall growth momentum. This is further supported by 
the strong uptick of our innovation and differentiated portfolios. In addition, our 
brand-building initiatives and a stronger execution focus are delivering clear 
results. We remain fully confident in our ability to outpace the industry growth 
and growing sustainably. 
 
Our International Market formulations business continues to deliver strong 
growth and has emerged as a formidable growth pillar for the company. While 
our therapy-led strategy continues to drive momentum in the emerging markets, 
portfolio expansion and deeper market penetration in Europe are supporting this 
sustained growth momentum across the business.  

 
5 of 19 
 
 
We have steadily strengthened our position in the US generics market through 
our diversified portfolio, a stronger execution, and a resilient supply chain. This is 
reflected in the sustained prescription growth, market share gains, and improved 
market rankings, reinforcing our position as a trusted generic player in the US. I 
am pleased to report that our branded business in the US now contributes 10% 
of our revenue in the US. We expect the share of this segment in the US to 
continue to increase as our specialty and innovation-led business gains scale. The 
growth drivers are firmly in place viz. orphan and rare disease franchise, a 
growing portfolio of 505(b)(2) products, the recent acquisition of Rolvedon®, and 
an NDA submission to the USFDA of Saroglitazar, our first internally developed 
innovation in the US. Collectively, these businesses position us for a sustained 
shift towards a more differentiated and specialty-driven US portfolio. 
 
In the Consumer Wellness business, we continue to build a future-ready portfolio 
through innovation, disciplined execution, and data-driven decision-making. Our 
investments in analytics and digital capabilities are enabling sharper consumer 
insights, improving resource allocation, and sustainable profit growth. 
 
In the Med-tech, we continue to strengthen our presence across the orthopedics, 
cardiology, and nephrology while building a scalable platform for long-term 
growth. Leveraging Amplitude's orthopedic portfolio and the proprietary Andy 
robotic surgical system, we are expanding access to advanced solutions. At the 
same time, we are broadening our cardiology offerings and establishing a high-
end dialyzer membrane facility to address growing global demand in nephrology. 
 
With this, let me share some material developments on the innovation effort 
during the quarter. 
 On the NCE research front, The USFDA granted priority review to our new drug 
application of Saroglitazar Magnesium for the treatment of primary biliary 
cholangitis. Recently, we received regulatory approval in India to initiate a Phase 
III clinical trials of Desidustat in patients with sickle cell disease. The study will be 
conducted in collaboration with ICMR. Desidustat represents a potentially first-
in-class therapeutic opportunity for the treatment of sickle cell disease.  
On the biotech R&D space, we initiated a Phase III clinical trial in India for our 
second ADC Biosimilar. This development further strengthens our deep and 
differentiated biologics pipeline and underscores our capability in developing 
advanced biologics. It further enhances the long-term growth potential of a 
biologics franchise. 
On the vaccines R&D front, we completed our Phase II clinical trial of the bivalent 
typhoid conjugate vaccine and also initiated a Phase I trial of our chikungunya 
vaccine in India. On the global development front, we submitted our dossier of 
the MR vaccine to WHO. The dossier has been accepted for review. 

 
6 of 19 
 
Thank you and now we can start with the Q&A session. Over to the coordinator 
for the question and answers.    
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We will now open the call for Q&A session. We will wait for a few 
minutes until the queue assembles. We request participants to restrict to 2 
questions and then return to the queue for more questions. Please raise your 
hand from the ‘Participant’ tab on the screen to ask the question. 
 
The first question is from Kunal Dhamesha.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Hi, good afternoon. This is Kunal from Macquarie. Thank you for the opportunity 
and congratulations on a strong set of numbers. Dr. Sharvil, with Q1 suggesting 
strong topline growth, would we be kind of looking at a much higher growth than 
what we have guided for FY27, which is currently double digit is what we have 
said? So, yeah, that's the first question.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, thank you for the wishes and I think, we continue to stay with the guidance 
that we will deliver strong double-digit growth for the year, starting with the first 
quarter. I think, our India business is poised to deliver significantly good traction, 
better than market, at least by 300-500 basis points. So, we see mid-teens 
growth continuing for that business. So is our international markets and US being 
around single-digit growth. So, looking at that, we will still see good growth for 
the coming year in revenues.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure, sure. And for the India business, I think, last time you shared the share of 
the progressive brand. I believe that with a strong growth, has that gone up 
meaningfully in this quarter? And should we expect that momentum of 
progressive brands to kind of continue at that level? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, we have seen more than expected exceptional strong growth on our 
innovation portfolio, which has beaten our current expectations. Also, on our 
value-based biosimilar, we have seen a very significant uptick on all brands. So, 
that has seen a very significant uptick also. So, I think, both of them have 
significantly aided to this momentum. At the same time, which has also led to an 
improvement in our Chronic basket and growth booster brand. 
 
So, I would say, the  allround performance across but better than expected on 
the innovation and biosimilar and also the scaling up of vaccines. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Okay. The last question that I have is, you know, on the overall, some of these 
new growth drivers, right, in the medium term, we suggested that the branded 
pieces will become more than 2/3rd of the revenue, right? Would you say most of 
this new drivers, you know, would aid to our profitability over medium term?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes, I think, if I break down into businesses, India and EM, I agree that with the 
improvement in our portfolio of branded as well as chronic, we will see better 

 
7 of 19 
 
profitability. On the US, I would say the only scale-up that we need to do is Saro, 
which will require investments. But if you take our other portfolio, which is our 
Sentynl Therapeutics, it is already profitable, broken even and profitable, and will 
continue to aid to profitability. We are seeing our portfolio on 505(b)(2) also 
becoming profitable from now and growing. And as I said, today, it's only 10% of 
our business and probably by the end of the year, it will cross 15% or more, and 
we can only see that increasing meaningfully.  
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Ms. Neha Manpuria.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the increase in the 
operating cost that we have seen in the current year. You know, given that we'll 
have the full impact of Assertio as well as Saro spend, how should we think 
about, you know, both the employee cost as well as the SG&A cost? When 
should we start expecting the incremental Saro cost to flow through? And, 
you 
know, just an update on our guidance, margin guidance, are we still maintaining 
the 24%+ margin guidance that we'd indicated?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, Saro, there is already certain costs that have started but we will see an 
increase in the second half of the year. And owing to that meaningful increase 
that we'll see in the second half, we are still guiding towards the 24% kind of 
margin. 
 Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
In that case…Sorry, Sir, go ahead. 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
So, our current run rate of about, you know, ₹1,900-₹2,000 crores, I think that 
kind of a run rate we should assume as a part of other expenses, excluding R&D 
on quarterly basis. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And this is despite us increasing the spend on Saro?  
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
Yeah, it's all inclusive.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Okay. And the increase that we have seen quarter-on-quarter so far is essentially 
on the back of what? This increase, like Sir mentioned, Saro is one of them. But 
what is the other reason for the sharp increase that we have seen in costs, you 
know, quarter-on-quarter?  
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
It's all, you know, acquisition driven impact that we see on the increase in the 
other expenses. Largely, I would say, that about 80% increase in the cost is driven 
by acquisitions that we had in the last one year.  
 Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
That I understand, Sir. Year-on-year, I understand but even if I look at this 
number quarter-on-quarter, you know, it seems like a fairly steep increase. 

 
8 of 19 
 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
That is because of Zylidac and Assertio. 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
Zylidac, Assertio and the freight expenses. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Okay-okay, understood. My second question is on the capex. You know, we see a 
pretty sharp increase in capex this quarter as well. If you could give us some 
color in terms of where we are spending in terms of, you know, capex and what 
the guidance for the full year would be?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, from the capex point of view, I think, a meaningful part of it obviously is 
setting up of the facilities, SEZ 3, which is coming, right now the completion of 
the expansion that we have done in our existing facilities for higher capacity, 
including Moraiya, Goa, Baddi and then Unit-2, Unit-3 at SEZ. We are also 
building a new bigger R&D center for formulations development, which has 
happened. There is one-off investment in wellness for a larger land acquisition 
for future facility, which is exceptionally for one-time kind of investment. And 
then it's a new CAR-T facility that we built for biologics, new vaccines DS facility.
 So, there are multiple things that have led to this increase, including some 
investment that continues in Zylidac also. So, it's a whole host of many things. So, 
it is not a one particular thing that is a large item other than the wellness land 
acquisition, but multiple investments in increasing scale and capacity in existing 
and new capabilities. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
And for the full year, what would this number be in that case? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, right now, we are guiding for around ₹1,500-₹1,600 crores capex.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Understood. And for Saro, based on, you know, given that we have the TAD 
coming in the later part of this year, how should we think about the ramp up of 
market share there? If you could give us some color to help us understand in 
terms of what the sales opportunity could be? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on Saro, I mean, we are building for next FY28 launch right now, so April 
launch. And we are investing for that. The first 3 years, I mean, first 2 years will 
be just a buildup of this, so we won't see any significant revenue in the first year, 
at large. But as we move into second and third year, we will see the revenue 
mark buildup. So, I think, first 2 years will look more from an investment point of 
view as to how much we are investing. 
 
On the market point of view, obviously, if you see the recent guidance from both 
the competitors in the current segment, they are seeing better traction than 
their earlier guidance and they've upgraded some of their guidance. And that is 
led from higher patients, bigger patient pool and more patients wanting to 
access this indication. So, we are seeing a positive in terms of market being a 
bigger market than expected. So, we are only seeing some positive signs in terms 

 
9 of 19 
 
of how this market formation is happening. And so, we're quite excited with that 
opportunity. 
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Noted, Sir. And any indication that you would want to give on target market 
share or, let's say, peak sales that we expect from this product? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I always said, on a conservative side, we are looking at a $200-$300 million 
range. And maybe more optimistic, we can cross the $400+ million range.  
Ms. Neha Manpuria: 
Understood, okay. That's helpful, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Hi. Thanks for taking my question. On the US, Sir, you mentioned, currently we 
have 10% of revenues coming from Branded. So, that would mean roughly, let's 
say, $130-$135 million, right, of revenues on an annual basis. How is that like, 
you know, the rare disease would be like $40-$50 million? And if you can throw 
some light, what are the other constituents and whether Assertio is a significant 
number in this? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, currently, in this quarter, which is 10%, we don't have any Assertio number. 
Our last year's Sentynl was around $60 million, which is the ultra-rare disease 
business.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Assertio will start adding from the coming quarter. That's why we said the 
numbers from an analyst point of view would go up towards 15% because those 
numbers are still to be baked in.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood. So, you're saying, rare disease is around $60 million and the 
remaining $60-$70 million is like 505(b)(2) products. Would that be a right way to 
think about?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, they are cluster of 505(b)(2) products.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, okay. And, Sir, this Assertio acquisition, Rolvedon sales, how should we 
think about the contribution this year? next year? What's the expectation there?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, we have just begun. So, it seems to be on track. We are looking at 
around $15-$20 million per quarter run rate.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee:  
And we would see that from next quarter, right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 

 
10 of 19 
 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood, understood. And, Sir, on the India business, we have seen good 
growth here. I mean, what's really driving this, if you can give some color? Of 
course, you mentioned about innovation asset, how has semaglutide done? If 
you can give some color here? I'm just wondering, what's the sustainable 
number? Let's say, if I take a 2-3 year horizon, how should we think about the 
growth for India business? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I will try to summarize a little better. There are 2-3 things. 
One is, overall chronic part of our business is growing, I mean, at more than 20%. 
And if we look at even July numbers, that have been reported by the AWACS, 
we're seeing strong traction on the chronic side of Zydus therapies and growing 
very meaningfully. The second is, we are seeing a very, very meaningful uptick on 
Saro and Desi, which is adding quite meaningfully, almost 30-45% kind of growth 
in this business. So, that's also adding very meaningfully and scaling up and we 
see that traction continuing. The other, third, is our biologics have seen 
extremely traction on 3-4 brands, which have also very, very significantly scaled 
after genericization also. So, we are seeing very strong momentum on growth. 
And Sema is just the beginning. So, it is a small contributor. We are third-fourth 
in market share today in our own brand but, overall, we are largest as a 
semaglutide innovative generic that we've launched. So, that also is adding to 
the momentum. So, I would say, it's the whole differentiated pipeline and the 
chronic business both helping this growth and we see that sustaining going 
forward. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood. Sir, you know, the ₹ 6500 crores of revenues that was booked last 
year, how much would be biologics, innovation and vaccine in that, if you can 
give a rough percentage? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we're not giving any breakup because it's all the different divisions which 
have multiple brands, both chronic and this. So, we don't track them separately 
but as I said, oncology portfolio is the fastest growing and then followed by the 
chronic portfolio. And then vaccines is obviously a very different business, which, 
you know, I always said that we want to achieve the ₹300 to 400 kind of crore 
mark and we are on track to achieve that.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: Understood. Sir, if I can ask one last question which is on the international 
formulation. You know, we have crossed $100 million of revenues this quarter 
and the growth has been exceptionally strong. I would appreciate if you can give 
some granular color on this, either in terms of geographic segment or product 
segment, which is driving this. And again, the question is around sustainability of 
very strong double-digit growth, from let's say next 2-3 years perspective? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
So, I think three things: 

 
11 of 19 
 
One is our core existing markets have delivered, on the emerging market front 
delivered. They continue to do better than last year and are growing very 
strongly. The second is Europe, which used to be a little difficult business for us in 
terms of growth, has done, has two things have changed, both our core old 
markets which are France and Spain have significantly delivered on growth and 
they continue to see a very strong traction on that and a new market entry of UK 
has scaled up much faster than expected and is also becoming a very important 
business for us. So that international part in terms of EU has started doing 
extremely well in terms of the revenue. And the third is, we entered new 
geographies and those geographies, we are seeing our innovative pipeline or first 
generic kind of launches in many markets. which is seeing a good healthy traction 
in terms of commercialisation. So, I think, all in all, all these three things are 
helping core markets, the Europe doing much better and the new markets 
meaningfully scaling up.  
 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee:  
All right, sir. Thank you very much.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Bino.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
Hello? 
Moderator:  
Hi Bino. Are you able to unmute yourself and ask the question?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
I think that he is unmuted but unfortunately his mic has gone off. 
Moderator:  
 Yeah, we might move to the next. The next question is from Vamsi. 
Mr. Vamsi:  
Hi, Sir. Am I audible?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
Yes. 
Mr. Vamsi:  
Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the good set of numbers. So, my 
first question is in terms of the 505(b)(2) portfolio that we have. So, of the 20 
assets, if I am not wrong, close to 5 have been commercialized. So how much of, 
you know, how do you expect the overall portfolio to ramp up in terms of the 
launches which are scheduled for the rest of the year? And in terms of the 
‘steady-state’ sales, I remember in one of the calls, we have guided that some of 
these assets could hit a $50 million kind of mark each. So how is that kind of 
panning out at this point of time? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
So, on our 505(b)(2), we have a good mix of our own products and licensed 
products also. So, we have about 19 products that we have from our in-house 
and own pipeline creation. We have partnered products, which are about 8 that 
we're working on in different areas. We have commercialized 4+ products now, 

 
12 of 19 
 
as we said, and we have more products in the pipeline. So, I think, it's a pipeline 
that we're trying to develop for the markets.  
 
From the current point of view, I would say, most of them are doing better than 
expected. I think the going out BEIZRAY is slower than what we had expected. 
And we hope, in the next financial year, we will see a bigger scale up.  
 
But beyond that, the other 2-3 products that we have launched are doing 
extremely well. At the same time, Rolvedon will add meaningfully to that 
business going forward. And then the biosimilars launched… initial launch of 
Ranibizumab and with the PFS coming next year and also further products, we 
will see a good uptick on that. And also, our specialty rare disease business on 
Sentynl, which has meaningfully started to do well. So, all in all, I think that's 
doing well and it's growing well. 
Mr. Vamsi:  
Thank you, Sir. If I just may also ask a couple of questions around the LiqMed’s 
portfolio. So currently, how big is this in terms of the overall contribution and 
how many of the overall 505(b)(2) assets within the liquid’s portfolio have 
already been commercialized? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
So, we have around 7 launches, I think, and we have 10+ approvals and we 
continue to create a larger pipeline. 
Mr. Vamsi:  
Understood, Sir. And lastly, also on Desidustat, any update in terms of our China 
partner launching it in the Chinese market and how the ramp up is happening 
there? And how big of an opportunity do you think it could be over the next 
couple of years? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel:  
So, yes, I think we achieved the milestone of getting it approved in China now. 
We have supplied now API for formulation manufacturing in the market. With 
the time, this product is  included nationally reimbursed in their drug list. So 
obviously, we need to get an approval through the NRDL to gain a major part of 
the share. But having looked at that, there are 120 million CKD patients in China. 
So, it's a very, very large market. And the prevalence of anemia is very strong in 
that market. So, looking at all of that and looking at how the peers have done in 
this space, we see it as a good opportunity. But first, we need to go through the 
registration and making sure, it is available through the reimbursement phase. 
And once the reimbursement phase goes through, then we can see an uptick in 
that business. So, maybe in a couple of quarters, we can give more highlight. But 
we see this being a descent opportunity, a long-term opportunity. But we'll have 
to wait for another 2 to 3 quarters to make sure that all the important approvals 
go through and the access to the molecule is created in the list. 
Mr. Vamsi:  
Understood, Sir. Just one last question. Sir given that it's an NCE asset, and I 
presume that, of course, it will also be under patent protection in the Chinese 

 
13 of 19 
 
market. So, if not as big as Saro in comparison, like how much of steady state 
sales would this asset generate once it reaches its, let's say, 3 to 4 years down 
the line? What kind of top-line contribution could be coming from this product 
from the China market? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
See, the opportunity is very difficult to say right now. We have not factored in 
any meaningful scale in terms of our current year. But as we get experience in 
terms of it getting reimbursement through, then we can see it importantly doing 
well. Because the other molecule is doing very well, which is already launched. 
And I think they are doing about $200+ million in the Chinese market. So, we can 
see it also being a meaningful contributor to us. 
Mr. Vamsi: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks for answering my questions and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Kunal Dhamesha. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
 Hello. Can you hear me? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
 Yeah. Dr. Sharvil, one question on Saroglitazar. So, for the incremental 
addressable patient pool, one, do we need to do additional studies? If yes, what 
would be the size, scope, and duration of that study? And with, let's say, initial 
indication we already applied, would we be going for an expedited process here? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Saro is already being granted priority review by the FDA for its first indication in 
PBC. So that is on track. And as I said, we are building for pre-launch capabilities 
on that. This will be a continuing trial because we have to follow the patient 
through and rolling phase 3. So that will continue. We are also adding a marginal 
ALP trial to Saro for certain patients who have marginal ALP issues. So that will 
also expand the opportunity size of the market, which that trial is about to start. 
So those are the updates on the key trials. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
 And the duration, if you could share, like, you know, there's in, let's say, 
expanded indication. Can it be a near-term opportunity or would take, let's say, 2 
to 3 years? How should we think about it? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, it's not. The expanded indication is not a near-term. It will take 2 to 3 years. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
 Okay, sure. And any update on Usnoflast for ALS indication? When is the readout 
that we expect for that? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No. So, you know, Usnoflast, as I said, we have a couple of trials that we are 
doing. One is a phase 2. We initiated a phase 2(b) in the US for ALS. So that is 
ongoing. The study is going to enroll 240 patients against the placebo. So, that is 
the way it is moving on. We see it as a FY28 kind of timeline when we can see 

 
14 of 19 
 
some data coming out of that. So, end of FY28, late calendar year ‘28, ‘28 or early 
‘29. That's when we see the data come out. On the ulcerative colitis side, we are 
also looking at that as a potential opportunity also. We have seen good phase 
2(a) data and we hope we can in India and we hope to move that obviously in 
India in the next phase 2(b) or 3. And also potentially evaluate it in the US, which 
is under evaluation right now. 
Mr. Kunal Dhamesha: 
 Yeah, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the Damyanti Kerai. 
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
Yeah, hi. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is 
for Dr. Sharvil. You indicated your medium-term goal of scaling up of newer 
initiatives. So, for these, what kind of spend you foresee whether it's towards the 
SG&A or building up team for specialty etc?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We were not able to hear your question, if you don’t mind repeating it.  
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
Yeah, sure. So, my question was regarding the kind of spend which you foresee 
for scaling up some of your newer initiative, whether it's MedTech, specialty, 
biosimilars. And this is also related to how should we see spend required to reach 
the medium-term goal of getting 2/3rd of revenue from branded products as you 
indicated? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we have already invested in biologics and vaccines. So that investment has 
already gone through. Also, MedTech is a business, running and growing business 
with which we have, which we acquired and which we also launched in India, in 
the Cardiovascular side. So, these businesses are already invested in and are 
baked into our current margin guidance. 
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
So, as these businesses scale up and no major incremental spend, it's safe to 
assume we will be seeing margins moving up from the level which you indicated 
for FY27? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
FY27, we have guided for a 20….. 
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
24%+, right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
24% guidance. So that is what we are sticking to. 
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
Okay. And on the biosimilars portfolio, where you just launched your big product 
there. So there also, what kind of timeline we should assume to see meaningful 
sales build up happening? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Biosimilars is already a meaningfully scaled business for us and very profitable. 
So, it is not a new business for us. 

 
15 of 19 
 
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
No, I was specifically asking for the US part. India, obviously, I think you have a 
very well-established presence, EM as well. But…. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, US is more like a ‘29 kind of timeline when we will see that business scale 
up. We will have a couple of products before, but real meaningful scale up will 
come in the calendar year ‘29. 
Ms. Damyanti Kerai: 
Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Bino. 
Mr. Bino: 
Hi, good evening all of you. Can you hear me?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Mr. Bino: 
Okay, great. Sharvil Bhai, I was looking at the US trajectory over next 3-4 years. 
So, this year, we have Mirabegron going on, plus Riociguat should come in. Next 
year also, partly we have Mirabegron and Palbociclib should come in. But beyond 
that, do you think, there could be a dip in US revenues, even if it is a temporary 
one? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, we are currently, we still have a growing pipeline of products beyond these 
valuable products in the market. In fact, we recently also launched Indocyanine 
Green, where we got 180-day CGT exclusivity. So, we have a future pipeline of 
products, which are in the 505(b)(2) and ready-to-use formats and other areas, 
which will all add to meaningful business. So, we do not see that kind of a fall in 
the US revenues. 
Mr. Bino: 
Understood. Thank you. And one book-keeping question, if I look at the 
depreciation number consolidated, it has sharply gone up starting 4Q of last year 
and 1Q also again has gone up. So, part of it could be the acquisitions and related 
amortization. Is there anything else into it? And is this the level at which it will 
continue? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
 Yeah, so I think, largely it is on account of these acquisitions. This amount also 
includes the licensing amortizations that we had because of the Mirabegron 
settlement. So that will be up to the first quarter of FY27-28. 
Mr. Bino: 
Do you mind calling out that number, roughly at least? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
 We have not called out that number very specifically because of the 
confidentiality. 
Mr. Bino: 
Okay. Anyway, it will end in the second quarter of FY28, correct? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
 Yes, that is correct. 

 
16 of 19 
 
Mr. Bino: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Saion Mukherjee. 
Mr. Saion Mukherjee: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Just you mentioned about the brand part of the 
business becoming two-thirds or more in the medium term. And this year has 
been more of an investment year for you. So, with that business mix changing 
towards brand, from 24% EBITDA margin today, where should you expect, let's 
say from an FY30 perspective, when you achieve those targets your EBITDA 
margin to settle at? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, I think, from the planning point of view, yes, when we are able to scale up a 
branded business towards two-thirds, then we should see an improvement in 
EBITDA margins. Obviously, the first couple of years now, you will see an 
investment phase on Saro and some of the other portfolio and also some 
increase in R&D. But ideally, we would want to be improving our EBITDA margins 
to 28-30% range as we move closer to the 5-year period.  
Mr. Saion Mukherjee:  
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from Rashmi Shetty. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Yeah. Sir, just one bookkeeping question. On Assertio, whatever consideration 
amount, how much are you allocating to goodwill, intangibles or anything in 
gross block? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
 So, I think, so, we have a window of 12 months to finalize in terms of what 
should be the purchase price allocation of this entire consideration. But, you 
know, the large part of this will be towards the brand, as well as, you know, the 
platform that we have got from, the commercial platform that we got from this 
particular acquisition. So, large part will be towards intangible. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and amortisation and all has not come in in quarter one, right, for this 
quarter? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff: 
 Yes, that's correct. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and on your Comfort Click business, how do you see growth for this piece 
in FY27 and going ahead? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, we are seeing good strong double-digit growth for the business and that we 
see that happen for this year. 

 
17 of 19 
 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and for the entire consumer business also, you see a strong double-digit 
growth only, right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, we are looking at a double-digit growth. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and how many launches are planned for the US business for this year? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Between 30 to 40 depending on multiple scenarios, but at least 30+ launches. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, and this includes the specialty launches also, right? Hello? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
This includes the specialty launches also, right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yes. 
Ms. Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, okay. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Surya Patra. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity, sir. Sir, in fact, first question is about the gross 
margin. Sorry, if I am repeating the question because I slightly late joined the call. 
See, gross margin this quarter has seen a kind of a dip, both sequentially as well 
as YoY, despite of the fact that there would be some currency tailwind that 
would be there. So, how should one understand this? Is it entirely due to the kind 
of royalty or the commission that we are paying to, for Mirabegron or what is the 
reason that would be? 
Mr. Tushar Shroff:  
So, Surya, on a gross margin perspective on a quarter on quarter, there is, you 
know, because of this Mirabegron settlement, we have the higher cost 
associated with that because of the arrangement that we had with Innovator. So, 
that is impacting on a quarter on quarter basis. Yeah. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. So, then, is it fair to believe that, sir, then, see this Mirabegron issue would 
be there in the first half, second half onwards, it would be subsiding 
substantially. So, then second half, gross margin scenario will go back to the 
normalcy situation, excluding for the kind of whatever special situation product 
opportunity that is there with us. Is that understanding right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
No, I think, maybe you can contextually think differently. Mirabegron is a very 
good profitable driver. So, it is not a negative to the business. In fact, in spite of 
whatever royalty agreements we have, it still has very strong profitability. So, I 
won’t say Mirabegron is not the negative side of the story, but the positive side 
of the story, because it continues to be semi exclusive. And factoring for all of 
that, we have still guided for a 24 % EBITDA margin. 

 
18 of 19 
 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. So, kind of a balanced kind of a margin trajectory for the all of the quarter 
that we are indicating that way. Sure. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah. That is what we are guiding for. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Second question is about the Saroglitazar US plans, the launch plans, if you can 
talk about and the associated cost along with that, the likely timeline, what one 
should think. Whether it will kind of have an initial cost impact in FY28 or how 
should one think if you can just? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, as I said, Saro is an FY28 launch. So, we can give you better in the last quarter 
when we are coming near to launch. The first 2 years will be a build out phase for 
the investment that we make. So, even this year and the coming year, we will see 
uptick in investment and post. So, that's what we are building for. And that's how 
we are also guiding in terms of our margins, assuming that there will be 
investment on Saro. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay. And regards to the domestic business piece, see, in fact, as you mentioned 
in the call itself, that your performance was one of the best in the Semaglutide 
side because of your own brand, as well as the kind of a partnership route what 
you'd have adopted. But whether this is a sustainable kind of a trend even in the 
subsequent quarter or it is the initial benefit of channel filing and all that, what 
the street would have seen for everybody. So, hence, whether it is a likely 
sustainable trend, hence the growth in the domestic market should remain 
elevated and stronger. How should one think about this Semaglutide boosting 
the kind of growth momentum here in India? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
So, on Sema, yes, it is a sustainable momentum. But having said so, our 20% 
growth is not factored around Sema. Sema is a contributor, but a small 
contributor to that. Our growth has come from our other products rather than 
Semaglutide. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Okay, just last one point. See, we know that this year you have mentioned about 
a kind of a sustaining, some single-digit kind of a growth for the US business, but 
because of the Mirabegron impact. But going back again to FY28, if we talk 
about, given the pipeline and given the kind of the Ibrance products exclusivity 
that is there. So, again, can we think about double-digit kind of growth in the US  
business? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
I mean, there are all things that we're doing with, obviously, on the generic as 
well as on the branded side scaling up. So, obviously, we'll see a better profile 
versus this one. 
Mr. Surya Patra: 
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the questions. Thanks for taking all my questions.  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 

 
19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vishal Manchanda. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Would you be able to share some color on 
Aflibercept biosimilar launch? Because you were the first one to launch that in 
India. So, is that shaping up well and can that be large? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Yeah, I think the initial traction is good for us. We are seeing, it's a very critical 
product with high quality specs that is required for this and we are seeing good 
results on the launch of the biosimilar. So, from the ophthalmology side, this will 
be a meaningful product for our business. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
And that's picking up traction well in, so based on your initial assessment?  
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
 Yes.  
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. And I also saw like you also in-licensed the innovator product also in the 
same category. Is that right? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
You mean the generic biosimilar of that, right? Yeah, yeah. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
No, the innovator brand as well is something you have in-licensed for the…so 
Eylea which is the innovator brand, has Zydus in-licensed that as well? 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
We have not licensed the innovator brand. 
Mr. Vishal Manchanda: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. That's all from my side. 
Dr. Sharvil Patel: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will wait for the queue to assemble. If anybody wishes to ask the 
question, please raise your hand from the participant tab on the screen.  
 
Thank you very much to Zydus Lifesciences Management team. Ladies and 
gentlemen, on behalf of Zydus Lifesciences, that concludes today's conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line and exit the 
webinar. 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
 
