 
August 7, 2026 
 
To, 
 
 
 
Listing/Compliance Department 
BSE LTD. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
BSE CODE : 524208  
To, 
Listing/Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
NSE Symbol : AARTIIND 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Ref.:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find enclosed the Transcript of the Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Conference Call 
held on July 31, 2026. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
RAJ SARRAF 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
ICSI M. NO. A15526 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF
Digitally signed by 
RAJ KUMAR SARRAF 
Date: 2026.08.07 
18:05:37 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Aarti Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 31, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Aarti Industries Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Aarti Industries’ Q1 
FY27 earnings conference call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including: 
 
Mr. Suyog Kotecha, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, and 
 
Mr. Chetan Gandhi, Chief Financial Officer 
                                        We will commence the call with opening remarks from Mr. Kotecha, followed by a Q&A 
session where management will address participants' queries. Just to share our standard 
disclaimer. Certain statements that may be made in today's call may be forward-looking in 
nature. A disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation shared 
earlier and uploaded on the stock exchange websites. I would now invite Mr. Suyog 
Kotecha to share his perspectives. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Aarti Industries Limited’s earnings call 
for the first quarter of the financial year 2027. I will walk you through our financial and 
strategic performance for the quarter, alongside the key milestones achieved across our 
growth initiatives. 
The quarter was characterised by a challenging macro environment, with persistent 
geopolitical tensions in the Middle East disrupting global supply chains, increasing freight 
costs and driving inflation in crude-linked raw material prices. Despite these headwinds, 
demand across our core products remained broadly stable, supported by our diversified 
customer base, operational resilience and market development efforts. Our ability to 
optimise the product mix in such constrained macros resulted into higher margins despite 
elevated prices. 
The West Asia crisis had a direct impact on our Energy business, temporarily halting 
exports to the region. The region’s share in our revenues declined from about 15% to 2% in 
this quarter. We successfully redirected a significant portion of these volumes to other 
markets, limiting the overall business impact. We are working on opportunities to open new 
fronts for supply in the region, which we expect to regain the volumes in the upcoming 
quarters. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
The quarter witnessed elevated prices of key raw materials, particularly Benzene, Sulpur, 
Methanol and Aniline amongst others. High prices impacted the purchasing power in 
specific end applications such as dyes, selected agrochemicals and polymer compounds. 
This impacted our volumes during the quarter, however our robust supply chain and 
efficient inventory management resulted into market share gains and inventory gains, which 
contributed to our overall EBITDA growth.  
Let me now take you through our financial performance for the quarter. 
Overall, the Company reported: 
 
Revenue of Rs. 2,627 crore, representing a growth of 41% Y-o-Y, which was 
primarily driven by higher input prices passed on to the customers. 
 
EBITDA of Rs. 385 crore, growing 79% Y-o-Y, driven by a combination of 
product mix optimisation, monetisation of low-cost inventories. This was also 
supported by stable demand, improved realisations for select products and resilient 
execution despite temporary disruptions. 
 
Profit After Tax of Rs. 155 crore, registering a growth of 260% YoY. 
Working capital requirements expanded during the quarter, driven by higher feedstock 
prices and increased export volumes. Consequently, debt levels and finance costs rose to 
support this requirement. 
Our business continues to be driven by two key segments – the Energy business, and the 
Non-Energy business. 
In the Fuel Additives, that’s Energy business, demand visibility remains robust. West Asia's 
contribution to revenues has declined primarily due to the ongoing regional conflict, 
thereby impacting sequential volumes. Meanwhile the other international markets continue 
to perform well, while our efforts to develop other potential markets have strengthened our 
ability to diversify volumes across geographies. We have completed our key fuel additives 
capacity expansion to 360 KTPA, from 290 KTPA, providing additional flexibility to serve 
newer markets with newer products as demand evolves. Against a volatile backdrop, we 
maintain an agile strategy, dynamically balancing volume growth with spread optimization 
to safeguard overall profitability despite ongoing fluctuations in feedstock costs, refining 
margins, and gasoline–naphtha crack spreads.  
Within the Non-Energy business, demand trends remained mixed. Polymers demand 
remained soft during Q1, primarily due to weak demand for downstream products in US & 
China, with recovery expected in Q2. 
Dyes and Pigments segment continues to face demand headwinds, driven by subdued 
demand amid a high raw material pricing environment and seasonal factors. 
Pharma demand continues to be stable, and the Agrochemical volumes were marginally 
lower, primarily owing to customer resistance to source at elevated RM Prices. Volume 
recovery is expected in Q2 supported by underlying stable demand.  
The suspension of export tax rebates in China has created favourable opportunities for our 
NCB value chain products.  

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
While short-term export headwinds may persist due to the West Asia conflict, we expect 
sustained volume growth supported by capacity expansion and deeper market penetration. 
Overall, our business continues to demonstrate underlying strength anchored by steady 
volume growth, enhanced operational efficiencies, and the disciplined execution of our 
strategic roadmap. 
Barring the 3-6 months delay due to labour constraints and war related issues, our Zone 4 
project expansion continues to progress. The project is being commissioned in a phased 
manner this year, FY27, with ramp-up expected over FY28 and FY29. Our PEDA project is 
progressing through market seeding activities and expected to be commercialised soon. We 
are also looking to debottleneck our DCB capacity to 140 KTPA backed by volume 
increase supported by PDCB and downstream demand.  
In line with our earlier guidance, FY27 CAPEX remains on track within the Rs. 700 to 800 
crore range, with about Rs 180 crores already deployed in Q1FY27. With our major 
expansion programs nearing completion, CAPEX intensity is expected to reduce 
significantly starting next year. Going forward, our capital deployment will pivot toward 
high-growth, high-return niche projects. 
Aarti Industries is also accelerating its long-term strategy through high-impact, 
collaborative partnerships and ESG-led growth initiatives. Our JV with Superform for 
downstream amine derivatives exemplifies this approach, leveraging complementary 
commercial and manufacturing strengths to unlock significant market potential, reflecting 
the strategic model we intend to build upon. Strengthening this collaborative approach, our 
partnership with Superform Chemistries through Augene Chemicals combines our deep 
chemistry expertise and raw material backward integration with their market application 
insights to build a differentiated specialty chemicals platform; this joint venture remains 
firmly on track for commissioning in Q2FY27. We are seeing demand tailwinds in a 
primary end-use application, which provides opportunities for faster ramp-up.  
Parallelly, our commitment to sustainability and circularity is anchored by our plastic 
recycling initiative with Re Sustainability through Aarti Circularity, that is slated for 
commissioning in the second half of FY27 which utilizes advanced recycling technologies 
for hard-to-recycle waste streams.  
Reinforcing this ESG-led direction, we were pleased to achieve the EcoVadis Platinum 
Rating 2026 during the quarter with a score of 87 out of 100, placing Aarti Industries 
among the top 1% of companies globally for sustainability performance. 
Our business expansions through our subsidiaries globally (i.e. in UAE, UK and USA) is 
progressing well and supporting better growth trajectories in various markets. With an 
endeavour to expand our global footprints and be a step closer to the potential markets, we 
have planned to set up a subsidiary in China. This entity shall facilitate our plans to expand 
our base in one of the large global Chemicals’ markets, accounting for  more than 45% of 
the global market. Our presence will also enhance our sourcing capabilities for some of the 
key RMs and support a cost and time efficient supply chain arrangement.  
Execution across all our long-term contracts remains stable, continuing to underpin baseline 
volume growth and safeguard revenue visibility.  
Despite near-term uncertainties, we remain confident in our long-term growth prospects, 
supported by our diversified portfolio, expanded capacities, and strong customer 
relationships. Backed by disciplined capital allocation, continuous process optimization, 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
and deeper integration with global key accounts, our focus on execution ensures we 
maintain operational resilience in the near term while building long-term, sustainable 
shareholder value. 
Thank you for your continued trust and support. 
With that, I would now request the moderator to open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. First question comes from the line of Rohit Nagraj with 360 ONE Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just one question in terms of the Zone IV capex; given that it 
has got delayed, however, our FY28 guidance remains intact. So how confident are we to 
reach the lower end of guidance given that there is at least 6 months of delay in this project, 
and we were probably considering a decent amount of scale up happening in FY28, which 
will give additional EBITDA? That is all from my side. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Hi, Rohit, that is one area where we continue to work upon. In our guidance, we had given 
the numbers that will come from the capex-led programs and in capex-led, Zone IV was a 
significant contributor. In that overall capex section, the JVs are expected to remain on 
track. I think Augene and RESL will commission. Even the MPP, the multipurpose plant 
and the calcium chloride unit in Zone IV is also expected to commission now. So it should 
get ramped up. The other blocks, there are 5 different chemistry blocks in Zone IV, is 
where we are seeing the delay and which might lead to a bit slower ramp-up compared to 
our original anticipation that we had given in our target aspirations for FY27, '28.We 
continue to remain watchful while being fully transparent in terms of where we stand 
against our strategy. As and when we commission these blocks and we will share the ramp-
up phase of these units, once we have a better understanding of what is the speed of ramp-
up of these 5 different chemistry blocks. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect, and just one question on the numbers. What was the inventory gain during this 
quarter, although we have specified the forex gain in the press release? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
The FX and inventory gains are difficult to estimate correctly, but I think the impact could 
be anywhere in the range of INR 50 crore to INR 60 crores. But it is difficult to quantify 
that precisely because within the quarter, we saw significant volatility. We had April and 
May where the raw material prices were elevated. We saw towards the end of May, some 
part of June where the prices corrected dramatically and then again, sort of restarting of 
conflict in Asia led to price increase towards June and July. 
 
So, I think, this quarter, specifically, it would be a bit unfair to sort of quantify the exact 
amount of inventory effect, same thing happened also with currency. I think the April 
currency versus June currency looked phenomenally different during the quarter. There was 
tremendous amount of volatility. But by and large, given the timing of the raw material 
purchase and the timing of the product placement, there was a support in the overall 
EBITDA performance for this quarter. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Perfect. Thanks a lot and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arun Prasath with Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Arun Prasath: 
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is on the energy segment. 
We successfully diverted our products from Middle East to the new geographies, as you 
mentioned. How were the new geographies earlier fulfilling their fuel additives demand? Is 
it some other fuel additives or is it a product? And is this sustainable? Can we continue to 
service these new markets and as well as Middle East markets once the crisis is over? Will 
it mean that our current additional capacity that we have added, will we go back to, say, 
100%, 90% to 100% utilization in the near term? These are the first set of questions on the 
energy markets from my side. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thanks. So, as I have sort of repeatedly said in the previous quarters, this business is still in 
its market development phase. We have not reached the true potential of this business, and 
it will remain in market development phase for some time to come. And that is how the 
ability to divert the products from one region to another region is, as and when the new 
market opens up, it gives you a lot of flexibility. In general, our portfolio has become a lot 
well balanced in terms of percentage of volume going to U.S., Africa, Europe, Middle East 
and India. There is still a Southeast Asia region, which we have not cracked. But apart from 
that, in the rest of the global markets, we are pretty well diversified and in that context, it is 
giving us ability to move volumes around.  
To your question on capacity utilization, I think from a customer and a market development 
point of view, significant efforts have happened. They are also supported fundamentally by 
the fact that the demand has been good, right. The gasoline naphtha cracks were strong, and 
they continue to remain strong, which is where we are sort of the continued strong demand 
is also visible in the quarter 2 and that is what is giving us confidence that irrespective of 
the Middle East situation, we should be able to ramp up our pipeline. 
Arun Prasath: 
Right, and given our success in this segment, are you worried that at some point of time, 
competition will also try to; right now, I believe competitive intensity is less in this product, 
not as  fuel additives but in this product. But how are going to know that when the time 
comes, what would be our strategy to retain market share? Can we become more cost 
competitive? Can we increase our distribution? How are we going to retain this once 
competition decides to come after us? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. So, I would say there is already significant competition in this product. I think there 
are more than two or three players in India, which have entered this market and there are 
more than 2 or 3 players in China which are currently playing in this market. We continue 
to maintain our market leadership position and we will continue to do so. The strategy 
involves multiple aspects. I would not go into the details, but it does includes all aspects, 
including new products in the portfolio, differentiated products built for specific markets, 
specific customers. It also includes global supply chain planning and footprint optimization, 
and it also includes unique distribution strategy linked to specific customers. Cost remains 
sort of in our DNA. We can very confidently say that we will be top decile in terms of cost 
structure for the entire product portfolio that we are trying to develop as part of this 
segment. So, it is a combination of multiple aspects. Competition already exists, and we try 
to do our best to retain the market leadership position. 
Arun Prasath: 
Now that we are close to commissioning our Augene, any kind of numbers would you like 
to quantify what are our steady state expectations on this? How soon can we see it 
reflecting in our quarterly numbers and how long it will take to ramp up to the steady state? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So, I think from an operations point of view the commissioning activities are ongoing as we 
speak. The first sale of the raw material to the joint venture has already happened. We also 
see traction in terms of order book of the product that we plan to produce in this joint 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
venture. So, within this quarter, we should start seeing operations and ramping up 
happening. Within the first sort of 1 to 2 years, we should be able to reach to a decent 
utilization level for the entire capacity that we have built. From a financial standpoint, being 
50-50, it will consolidate at PAT level. So, the numbers at PAT level will start becoming 
visible. The meaningful difference may come, we would say, around 2 to 4 quarters down 
the line, but it should start becoming visible from this quarter onwards. 
Arun Prasath: 
Any revision to the steady-state revenue for our JV at the current prices? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
We had projected INR300 crore to INR400 crore. I think we will maintain that range for the 
joint venture to start with. As and when we complete the ramp-up in this quarter and we 
stabilize the plant operations, we will come back with a firmer estimate. 
Arun Prasath: 
Finally, on Zone IV, you said that a bunch of the chemistries are delayed. Is it linked to the 
Agri markets, and hence the recoveries also will track the Agri market turning around? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I do not think the delay is anything to do with market or linked to a particular Agri segment. 
It is a pure product execution challenge, which we faced, primarily started around March, 
April’s time frame, where there was a huge labor shortage driven by LPG issue and then 
consequent elections & monsoon which triggered a few delays. But at the same time, I 
think multipurpose plant is undergoing commissioning again as we speak. The product out 
is expected within the month of August, and we will announce commissioning post first 
product is out from the plant. The other blocks of different chemistries will get gradually 
commissioned as we had indicated earlier. The product mix that we are currently starting 
with is very well diversified. It has a mix of agro, it has a mix of pharma, it has mix of 
coating, it has mixed of polymers. And we remain to have a different sort of segregated 
differential end market exposure for the overall Zone IV capabilities. It will not be heavy 
towards one particular end market. That is the current strategy. So the ramp-up is linked to 
project execution is not necessarily linked to end market at this stage. 
Arun Prasath: 
Understood. Thank you very much for answering all the questions. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aditya Khetan with SMIFS 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. Sir, on the price hikes when 
we look in this quarter, across segments we would have taken price hikes, but when I look 
at the Dyes & Pigments and the Pharma segments, then the price hike number looks much 
higher compared to Energy segment or the polymer additive business. Are we expecting 
these price hikes to roll back going ahead, suppose if the base commodities prices reverse? 
And what would be the sustainable number we can work with this going ahead and 
secondly, sir, when we look at the overall volume performance, exports during the quarter 
have taken a sharp dip. How do you see the domestic volumes picking up in the coming 
quarters? And how do we see it for FY27 and FY28. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think the first thing, the increase that you see in pharma and in dyes and pigments, it is a 
combination of two factors. One is, of course, the raw material inflation and passing that on 
to the customers. The second is the NCB chain forms a significant part of these two end 
segments. NCB chain, the China's VAT removal led to changing of the pricing regime for 
the products in the entire value chain. So you will definitely see volatility linked to raw 
materials as the raw material softens in future, pricing, of course, will get corrected to some 
extent. But there is some element which is also linked to some of the actions Chinese 
government took, which might sustain. So the answer on pharma and dyes and pigments, I 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
hope you got it. There are two factors, one of which is linked to raw materials. The second 
is not linked to raw materials. On the exports, the exports for the quarter actually were very 
robust. 59% of revenue actually came from exports and we are seeing good traction in 
exports. The volumes are expected to go up in Q2. In exports, it is just that now our 
footprint, our supply chain in terms of export is changing quite dramatically and towards 
longer destinations, especially places like U.S. and America. In that context, the recognition 
of revenue is linked to the inco terms and many of the sales which are on DAP basis, 
especially in U.S for which you will see quarter-on-quarter volatility in terms of production 
numbers and the exports from India versus when the revenues are recognized. But over the 
quarters, it should smoothen out. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, during the quarter, like a INR380 crore EBITDA and stripping off the INR47 crore 
forex benefit and some inventory gains, whatever the number could be. So we are still at 
around like INR300 crore to around INR310 crore EBITDA, that could be a guess. How do 
you see reaching INR1,800 crore EBITDA by FY28? Ideally, this number should have been 
on base business and not taking the inventory benefits, it should have been at around 
INR350 crore. But we are still lower by sir, some around 20% on that. How you see this 
trajectory moving? And what would be that particular quarter which can change that 
trajectory going ahead? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So the FX gain to some extent is a combination of accounting and the combination of 
volatility during the quarter, right? And that is sort of part of a routine business. In the 
coming quarters, as the volume recovery happens and potentially, if there is a regime where 
the pricing is maintained throughout the quarter without significant change, everyone 
should be able to see the underlying business performance in terms of what is the true 
potential of the existing asset. And that itself should sort of direct in terms of what is the 
EBITDA trajectory that we are on. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, just one last question. I missed your opening remarks on the volumes front, volume 
numbers during the quarter. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So volumes on energy business were down 17% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and on non-
energy business, they were down by 7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. On an overall 
organization level, they were roughly 12% down on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Aditya Khetan: 
We have stopped giving the actual numbers like we were actually mentioning it earlier in 
our presentation, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So we are giving numbers at two broad application levels, which is energy and nonenergy. 
And we are also showing utilization numbers specific to value chain in a relatively narrow 
range, which we feel gives good enough indication of where the assets are. The actual sales 
numbers is something that we have removed from the slides because they was getting 
utilized in a situation which was not favourable for the company. But we feel this gives 
good enough indication. I think at an overall company level, you have a volume trajectory 
within energy and non-energy, you have exact volume growth numbers, and you also have 
a utilization ranges for all the major value chains. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Viraj Vajratkar from Kotak AMC. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Viraj Vajratkar: 
Thank you. So first on the chlorotoluene, that is part of the five chemistries in Zone IV. So 
what are exactly the execution issues? Why is the chlorotoluene; we had mentioned about 
in 2024, 2025, I just wanted to get some sense on what is happening in the chlorotoluene 
space. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So as I said, I think we changed our strategy for Zone IV around 1.5 years back, where we 
made the entire chain capable of producing different chemistries. So we have 5 different 
chemistry blocks and yes, chlorotoluene was the original intention and the asset still retains 
the capability to manufacture the entire chlorotoluene chain if we want to. But now the 
assets are designed in a way where they can produce multiple other chemistries as long as 
the fundamentals of asset capability sort of deliver the performance that is expected for the 
finished products. So that is one. Second, the exact nature of the challenge is right now, 
where we are is practically all of the equipments are erected, 97% of the equipment is 
erected for those blocks. In terms of piping, 85% of piping is complete. I think this is one 
area where it requires huge amount of manpower, both piping and the final insulation. And 
that is where we faced a bit of challenges, as I mentioned majorly in the March-May time 
frame. But we are back to full manpower in Zone IV and hence, hopefully, no further 
delays, and we should be able to commission it as we had indicated during this financial 
year itself. 
Viraj Vajratkar: 
And in terms of the Augene JV, so basically, I think that is more for the amines chemistry. 
So which end segments within the amines chemistry, the end product or end customer 
sectors, what are you targeting and roughly would this amines chemistry have a little bit of 
a higher margin versus the benzene chemistries, which right now probably would probably 
be overall at the group level? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think there are 2 dominant end markets, coatings and dyes. A coating is expected to be a 
much larger market and mostly India-focused market for the chemistry, which is targeted as 
part of that unit. So it also gives us exposure to a very different end market, which is 
helpful. And yes, the profitability expectation is that it will typically deliver higher margin 
profile compared to our existing product portfolio. 
Viraj Vajratkar: 
One last question in terms of MMA. So how have been the markets, especially, I mean, the 
base market of Middle East as well as the replacement markets? How has been the market's 
ability to uptake your MMA’s products, especially in terms of the price hikes which had to 
be taken and the slightly longer-term plans in terms of going back how fungible are the 
markets in terms of taking up; would you shift back to Middle East when things settle? So 
what are your thoughts there? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. I think we remain very active in the market. Overall, the market has been pretty strong, 
as I said, linked to the end market profile, given decent strength in gasoline naphtha cracks, 
the pull for this fuel additives business remains very strong. I am purposefully saying not 
only MMA because we are trying to broaden the basket of the products that we supply as 
part of this application. And going forward, you will see more and more that we are talking 
about fuel additives than specifically MMA.  So the global market demand linked to the end 
market characteristics remains very strong. As and when the market opens up the idea is not 
to then necessarily shift volume, but increase capacity utilization, which is what should be 
visible in the quarter. 
Viraj Vajratkar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sanjesh Jain with ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. First on the energy side of it, how are 
we seeing the gasoline naphtha side across the market? I know Middle East has not been 
great, but what is been spread in, say, Europe, U.S. and Africa, the other 3 key regions for 
us? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Overall, at the gasoline naphtha level, the cracks have averaged in the range of $15 to $18 
per barrel, which are pretty healthy and this is a global market. And at these levels of 
cracks, the demand for the product is pretty robust. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, we are back to that pre-war kind of a spread in gasoline, naphtha. We were at around 
$15 to $20. We are back to that range? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes, it remains very volatile. Look, we are living in a world where the daily price 
movement is plus/minus 5%, right? So, for me, generalizing would be unfair. But yes, at an 
overall average level, the cracks have remained at around $15 to $20 per barrel, which is 
healthy. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
When we talk about the fuel additives, what others, apart from MMA, are we looking at, 
because we are now talking like a portfolio approach. So, what are the other products we 
have identified or working on R&D within the fuel additive space? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. I think we have talked about it in the past in previous investor calls. I think the 
expansion of the product portfolio in this segment started some time back. We have just 
initiated some of the development efforts and the sales efforts for the new products that are 
getting added, which will sort of help us expand the fuel additives business going forward. 
Of course, they are not at very significant volume levels right now. But the idea is to scale 
up these new products as well and then broaden from one product dependency to a 
multiproduct fuel additives portfolio over the course of next 12 months. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Can you name the products? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
At this stage, we will not name the products. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay and how many will be there in terms of count? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I mean, at any point in time in our pipeline, there are 3 to 5 products. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
3 to 5 products. But they will be all in the octane booster itself or you are looking at the 
other end-use applications as well? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
It will broadly fall into category of fuel additives. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Okay. Not necessarily an octane booster. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. 
 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Overall, with the crude coming down and we are facing the situation where raw material 
prices eventually will come down. Are we looking at behavior from the customer side 
where they are looking to destocking in a falling scenario and there could be a period where 
some of the gains may also go off or we may have an inventory loss like we had an 
inventory gain this time. Are we looking at such scenario in the immediate term because 
crude has sharply reversed, but I know it is super volatile. 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So look, I think that risk always remains in a business when you are operating in crude-
linked raw material and the product environment, I think that risk will always remain. What 
we can do as a company is to be very agile. So especially most of our domestic raw 
material procurement, the pricing pass-through is relatively quick. We typically will not 
have more than 7 to 15 days inventory, wherever we are purchasing raw material in the 
domestic market. I think in the imported raw materials, which is where we tend to have 1 to 
1.5 months of inventory ideally in stock or over waters, which is where this price 
fluctuation sometimes could impact us. We have put in strategies in place, including a 
combination of forward booking of customer orders, including some hedging strategies to 
minimize that loss. But that risk will always remain and we actively manage it. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. One interesting comment you made that if margin remain at this level, we will see an 
actual potential of the business. Now are we seeing these margins improving across the 
isomers of the benzene and that is where the true profitability of Aarti will come out? Is that 
the way to read that statement? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, I think different value chains will have a different story. NCB value chain, which had 
suppressed margins for a very long time, has recovered in margin in the last quarter. DCB 
chain has always had sort of decent; so DCB hydrogenation has always had decent margins. 
NT remains suppressed for a while, and it is linked to an isomer imbalance that we have 
faced over the course of last 2, 3 years. We have put in some innovative strategies to 
rebalance that portfolio.  And in that context, we hope to achieve better margin profile in 
that chain going forward. The overall fuel additives segment also with the broadening of 
market customer and now product footprint, we hope to gain a little bit on the margin 
profile on that front.  
PDA chain is one where we structurally remain weak because of our technological 
disadvantage. And there, we are trying to work on cost efficiencies to figure out how to 
improve our margin profile. So the nature of improvement or strategic initiatives across the 
value chain and the characteristics differ, but the objective is to expand the volume and the 
margin profile across all of these chains. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One last on the Zone 4, particularly on the chlorotoluene and MPP side. Where are we in 
the product approval cycle from the customers now that the projects are slightly delayed, 
but from an approval perspective, product development perspective, we have a line of sight 
what product we will produce first and whom are we selling to? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. So I think in most cases, we do have already a target customers identified and the 
qualification of the product from our pilot facility is also done with most of the customers. 
However, the customers will also ask for a commercial batch qualification. So whenever 
the unit gets commissioned, there will be a commercial batch taken and there will be 
requalification done based on that commercial batch, and that will happen only when the 
assets are commissioned. But relatively speaking, for most of these cases, the initial 
demonstration of technology in pilot and getting the product qualified through our pilot 
plants, that has already been achieved in most cases. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
How many products are we looking to start with, say, by end of FY28? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I think by FY28, we are talking about anywhere in the range of 25 to 30 products. Within 
this year, we are looking at anywhere between 5 to 10 products. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That is clear. Thanks for answering all those questions and best of luck for the coming 
quarters. 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Archit Joshi with Nuvama Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity, Sir, first question on the NCB chain. I think we have 
consistently seen a healthy utilization level in the last couple of years and we are also 
speaking of a possible tailwind that we are witnessing today because of the tax rebate issue. 
And the commonality here that I find is the nitration chain and since we have already 
started witnessing a healthy margin profile, should that warrant for a capacity expansion in 
here given that this portfolio is uplifting our margins at this point in time. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Yes. So the assets are actually capable of delivering slightly more volumes. We are 
evaluating minor debottlenecking projects to take up the capacity in that chain. At the same 
time, the dominant end market there is pharmaceuticals, right? Typically, paracetamol is 
one of the largest end user of this product and In that context, we are also watching out for 
consumption potential within Indian market for this particular chain. We will be pretty 
aggressive as soon as we see a potential to sell more in India, we will go for the 
debottlenecking efforts, and that is very much possible within existing assets. So that 
remains on our radar. But at this point in time, we feel it is some time away from demand 
going to a level where we need asset expansion. 
Archit Joshi: 
Got it, sir. Another one just in the last 12 months, we have seen multiple closures or 
capacities being idle on the petchem side, be it ethylene or naphtha. I mean the global 
majors like even ExxonMobil and South Korean companies have sort of re-jigged their 
entire capacities, steam cracker or naphtha, ethylene and,the numbers that come out in 
terms of closures are out of proportion, right? I mean we are talking about 10 million, 15-
odd million tons of capacities either being idle or out of the system and knowing that this 
directly impacts in a way the spread of naphtha and gasoline because naphtha also is quite 
conducively used in making ethylene. Do we see that there could be a shift on a sustainable 
basis, not in the time of this volatility that it could materially make an advantage to our 
MMA portfolio as spreads could possibly become more sustainable, do you see that on a 
mid- to long-term basis? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
It is difficult to predict at this stage from a long-term point of view. I think I would answer 
the question more broadly for chemical industry. I think chemical industry has gone 
through a little bit of a turbulent times over the last 3 to 4 years, right, especially after the 
bumper COVID years, there was a pretty extended phase where margins profiles were 
squeezed for most of the chemical industry. The industry is, as a consequence of that, 
today, you are seeing what you described with a significant rationalization of capacities, 
especially in Europe, in Northeast Asia. And to some extent, the expansion, the pace of 
expansion in China has also slowed down across many of the value chains.  
And if this behavior continues, we potentially could see post '28, '29 kind of a time frame 
where demand kind of picks up a pace and it starts reaching closer to capacities and the 
utilization level starts becoming healthy at a global level. We could fundamentally see 
restructuring of the margin profile at the industry level. But that is a personal hypothesis, 
and I guess we have to wait at least 2 or 3 more years to see if it pans out. 
Archit Joshi: 
Right. Thank you. Thanks a lot, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Abhijit Akella with KIE. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you so much. So first, just on the quarterly EBITDA run 
rate, given that this quarter, we did have significant benefits from the inventory side as well 
as the forex side. What should a reasonable number to sort of expect, for the upcoming 
quarter be? Just I am just looking really short term given the very volatile environment. But 
should we expect that things will revert back to the 4Q run rate? Or do we think that this 1Q 
run rate could still be more or less sustainable? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I would say, I mean it is not far away. Given the kind of volatility that we have seen where 
there is a plus/minus 15% to 20% correction happening on a monthly basis, I would again 
hesitate to hazard a guess. But what I can say is that some of the gains which we may not 
get, which are linked to inventory could be potentially compensated because of the volume 
growth. I think that is how we are looking at the near-term quarter. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay. Understood, and then just to clarify that the JVs, Augene & Re Aarti will not be part 
of the EBITDA number, right? So your guidance of INR1,800 crore is excluding these JVs. 
Is that correct? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So INR1,800 crore guidance included the EBITDA, especially for Augene JV because we 
expected it to start contributing by that time frame. The other JV, we did not anticipate will 
start contributing meaningfully before FY27, '28 time frame. So that guidance did include 
Augene's EBITDA. How to report that going forward, we will come with a plan, but that 
profitability was included in our guidance. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Got it and just the last thing for me. One is the non-energy volumes, the quarter-on-quarter 
softness we have seen, is that again impacted by the Middle East or something else? And 
then just on this 360,000 ton expansion now of the fuel additives, how long do you expect 
to sort of fully use up on that expanded capacity? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So on non-energy business, the volume drop you saw was a combination of supply chain 
and in some cases, purchasing behavior getting delayed, right, because of sort of high price 
environment in segments where there is some little bit of inventory wiggle room available, 
people tend to delay the purchase decision. So it was a combination of the 2. We expect that 
the non-energy volumes also to pick up during the quarter and sort of given the end 
consumption demand remains pretty stable. We are not seeing any changes on that front 
and that business is not impacted significantly due to Middle East in general because the 
Middle East exposure of that segment is pretty low. On the capacity utilization for fuel 
additives, I think we are ramping up the capacity as we speak. And we feel we might be 
able to reach high levels of utilization in this quarter itself. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, great. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Surya Narayan Patra with 
PhillipCapital India. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the strongest ever kind of sales number that we 
have put out in the quarter, sir. First question is about gross margin. So despite of the 
inventory markup benefit and the INR depreciation benefit, we have seen a kind of 
sequential decline in the gross margins. So what is the factor that can be attributed to this 
sequential decline, sir? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So as I said, I think this quarterly gross margin numbers, Surya, I would kind of, at this 
point in time, park it. At an overall EBITDA percentage level, we pretty much remain on 
track in terms of what we need to deliver. It is a combination of multiple things. As I 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
mentioned , within a quarter and within every month, when we have seen plus/minus 15% 
price volatility, I think taking a gross margin level for that quarter sometimes can tend to 
give a wrong picture. 
There were multiple factors in play. The timing of raw material purchase, the timing of 
product placements, the way the forex moves within the quarter, the freight expenses, also 
lower volume leading to other consequences in terms of, in some cases, the higher 
operating cost, but at the same time, at an overall level, lower freight cost. So if you start 
putting together a combination of all of these factors, you lead to where you are. But we 
would say that it is not a reflective of a steady-state performance. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay. But one should not believe this way that the kind of a rise in the product prices 
would be lower than the rise in the kind of input prices. That may not be the reason, right? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No. I think typically, what happens is the deltas are relatively in absolute numbers, right, I 
mean, the chemical business runs on absolute deltas, not on percentage margin business and 
that is the behavior we anticipate will continue going forward. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Okay, sure. Second point is on the MMA side. Since we are kind of entering into a seasonal 
weak zone or period zone. So what is the kind of a market outlook that you are currently 
having in terms of while you are quite optimistic about the kind of expansion and achieving 
the kind of adequate utilization number. But in a weak season, which is coming up, any 
sense that you are having for that MMA outlook? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So in general, for a fuel additive as a basket and as a segment, yes, the winter seasons are a 
bit weak. But typically, we start see cracks stepping down and demand starting to get 
impacted around end of October, November, December kind of a time frame. At this point 
in time, the traction remains pretty strong. We are prepared for that winter downturn. And 
in that context, the entire mitigation strategy in terms of how should we think about volume 
placements during the lean season is something also that we are evaluating. But yes, there 
would be some seasonality to this particular business. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sure. Just last one point from my side. About the polymer supply where the volume looks 
fairly low, is there anything to do with supply to Middle East getting impacted and hence, 
the kind of low volume? Or it is something else? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
No, that business has very limited exposure to Middle East. So I do not think there is any 
impact due to Middle East issues on that segment. In general, I think the Q4 of the last 
financial year, there were a lot of bulk shipments that were done to the customers, 
especially in U.S. and in that context, the extent of shipment that happened in particular, 
that segment within first quarter were low. We expect it to pick up in the second quarter. 
And at an overall year basis, we think actually we should be able to see the growth as far as 
the polymer segment is concerned. 
Surya Narayan Patra: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tushar Raghatate with Omega 
Portfolio Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Yes, good afternoon and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just wanted to know the 
geographical distribution in the energy business, the average distribution? 

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Suyog Kotecha: 
I won’t give the exact numbers. I would say we are well balanced across geographies. So 
U.S., Europe, Middle East, Africa and India it is well balanced. It is not tilted towards one 
particular geography. Quarter-on-quarter, we do see volatility where one geography tends 
to pick up significant share but if you take year average numbers, then we are pretty well 
balanced across all the geographies. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Okay. Do you see the voyage time increase has impacted the margin profile in the energy 
business? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So the voyage time does not impact the margin profile of the business as such, but it does 
impact the accounting of the overall business, right? As I said, in many cases, the business 
happens on DAP terms and in that context, given the 2 to 3-month voyage time, especially 
for material going to U.S., there is a delayed revenue recognition for some of the volumes. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Fair enough, sir. And sir, you mentioned that the EBITDA run rate would be maintained. 
So considering that, I think the numbers are kind of achievable with the guided numbers. So 
just wanted to know like this run rate of 16-odd EBITDA margin, considering the energy 
business volatility, is this the new normal of with the business? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So we did not see the EBITDA run rate can be maintained. Of course, I think we feel at this 
point in time there are 2 factors, right? There is sort of volume gain, which we are confident 
of and which is visible. The pricing margin and inventory is anybody's guess at this point in 
time. And frankly, at a management level, it would be difficult to hazard a guess. It is 
linked to ultimately how the West Asia situation settles and also how rapid is the change in 
the pricing movement, right? If it is gradual, then, of course, the impact will come over 
time. If it is sharp, then depending on the time when it happens, we might have to look at 
some of the inventory cost. So that is one. So volumes growth, we are confident. On 
inventory/margins, we remain a little bit dependent on the macro situation. Sorry, I missed 
the second part of your question. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Okay. Fair enough, sir. Yes. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gagan Dixit with Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Yes. thanks for taking my question, sir. I have a question regarding the MMA. So given the 
U.S. is the largest gasoline user in the world, so in case of any favorable ties between the 
India and U.S. So how much is the target addressable market that as per you estimate in the 
U.S. for the MMA? That is my first question, sir. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So we will not give that number, Gagan. I think we have described this multiple times. I 
think the overall fuel additive market is in millions of tons. So it is very unfair to say that 
for a particular product, what is the market potential. As I said, we are going through a 
market development journey, and there is a phase of adoption by customers of this specific 
unique product, which can potentially either augment or replace some of the existing fuel 
additives that they are using.The upper side potential is in millions of tons, and we do not 
feel it is realistic to talk about it, given we are in a relatively early stage of market 
development journey for this product. Also, the trade flows are pretty dynamic. The overall 
oil and gas industry in the world is one of the most highly traded industry and how the 
physical flows move from either Middle East to Africa or Europe to Africa or North 
America to Latin America. Where the product, our product, gets consumed versus where 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
the end gasoline gets consumed, there also there is a significant amount of disconnect and  
that is where sometimes this analysis tends to give a wrong picture. At this point in time, 
the only thing we can say is that, as I said, we have well-balanced customer and market 
portfolio, and we have potential upside in terms of discovering newer customers and newer 
markets. 
Gagan Dixit: 
And sir, follow up question is, what is your advantage in the MMA versus typically the 
Chinese players? I mean, in terms of any chemistry, quality, logistics, anything? And also, 
sir, typically, I have seen that you are continuously increasing the MMA capacity that the 
brownfield expansion. So what is the potentially you can increase the capacity at maximum 
MMA that without going for any new greenfield something? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So we recently completed our capacity expansion of 360 KTPA. Again, I would emphasize 
the capacity for the overall fuel additives block does not mean necessarily linked to one 
particular product. And that is the capacity which we tend to stabilize over the course of 
next 12 months. We do not have any restriction or any limits to how much capacity we can 
increase. But the idea is to demonstrate good capacity utilization for this recent expansion 
over the course of next 12 months and then take decision going forward. 
Gagan Dixit: 
And sir, my second question is about the demand visibility across the end markets as you 
are now serving the fuel additives, agrochem, pharma, polymers, new platforms like battery 
chemicals, defense. So which end markets are showing the strongest long-term demand 
visibility for you? And how is Aarti choosing where to allocate the future capex? Just I 
want to understand regarding that. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So I think in most end markets we are seeing pretty steady demand. Agro demand growth is 
actually relatively stable; polymer, we are seeing very strong demand, particularly in the 
end markets linked to EVs and automotive. On pharma, the demand growth sort of remains 
pretty robust. The dyes and pigment was one area where there was sort of softening of the 
demand trend overall globally, and that is reflected in the growth that the segment has seen 
over the course of last 3 to 4 years. Energy as a segment has a huge growth potential but the 
demand can be volatile given the nature of the business. So different end markets, are 
exhibiting different trends. Our selection of opportunity is linked to ultimately sort of our 
capability to deliver value to the customers and the return profiles of that particular 
opportunity. And that is how we are selecting our growth areas. So some of the forward-
looking molecules that we are trying, for example, in battery applications or in defense are 
driven by that: are we able to add significant value, are we able to build a differentiated 
value proposition where we can be globally cost competitive and it can scale, right, in terms 
of size of the business and at a decently attractive return on capital. That is what drives sort 
of our decision-making in terms of shortlisting future growth areas. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Yes . Thanks for giving the elaborate answers. That is from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ojas Sawant with Haitong Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ojas Sawant: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, one question from my end, the forex gain that we 
have seen this quarter has been significantly higher than the previous quarters. So first, like 
what was the reason for this? and how do we see this going ahead into Q2? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Chetan, do you want to take that? 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Yes. So it is a combination of multiple things. One is, if you look at it, there has been 
volatility both in Q4 and Q1 on the currencies. So there were instances where we have 
sourced imported material at a higher price, but we saw rupee appreciating and correcting 
significantly in April month, and we got an opportunity to kind of square up a that position 
at a lower rate, which was referring to Forex gain plus the exports which happened during 
the quarter were initially at lower rates as compared to the ones now. We saw rupee ranging 
from a level of INR92 to INR97 in the quarter and hence wherever the opportunities are 
there, we will look to capitalize on those. 
 
I am not saying that we can always keep on doing it, but we have been able to hit some of 
the right boxes in terms of covering it up at some time which might benefit. So that is 
broadly on the forex. Further there is an element of inventory benefit blended into the forex 
related to the import transaction. But yes, that is what it is. Going forward, committing to a 
number of gain or loss will be difficult as it is driven by a lot of other factors. 
Ojas Sawant: 
So sir, should we read this more from an operational perspective only? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
You consider this as a part of the operational element only and also there is an accounting 
treatment in terms of at what rate the transactions are recorded in the books vs what is the 
closing rate. So that’s where a mark-to-market element comes in. So I would assume that 
the better way to look at it is to consider this as a part of operating profit only. 
Ojas Sawant: 
Understood, understood. That is it from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Prateek Dugar with Intelsense. Please 
go ahead. 
Prateek Dugar: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My question was more on a macro development, which 
is happening in Southeast Asia. So we have seen structural rationalization of the naphtha-
fed steam crackers, particularly in Japan and South Korea and this, it is expected to persist 
through 2028, 2030. Based on that ethylene prices in the international market, that has also 
exploded. So my question was that given our own ethylation unit at Dahej, do we see this as 
a long-term opportunity to leverage our contracts with the customer like USD150 million 
contract which we had with an innovator and another long-term opportunity for ethylated 
intermediates like OEA and the 26 MEA that we do. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
These products are part of our strategic focus areas. In most cases, our contracts are passed 
through as far as the ethylene pricing is concerned. So in that context, sort of our margin 
profile is relatively secured on those products’ portfolios. So volatility in ethylene 
sometimes does affect on a quarterly basis because depending on the type of a contract we 
are seeing, sometimes there is a quarterly price pass-through, sometimes there is a monthly 
price pass-through. So that near-term volatility might be there but, from a long-term basis, 
in general, for most of these products that you mentioned, in significant number of cases, 
ethylene prices are typically passed through. So it does not impact us directly as such. It, in 
fact, gives us a little bit more robust volume and margin visibility. 
Prateek Dugar: 
Okay, sir. Apart from the pricing, because the crackers are coming down in Japan and 
South Korea, so their capacity is coming down. So do we see this as an opportunity for us? 
That was the question. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
These products are not produced in that region. I think the products that you mentioned 
dominantly are produced either in India, China or Europe, right? We are the only 3 regions 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
where these products are produced. I think Korea or Japan or Thailand for that matter, do 
not have any capacities for these products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Archit Joshi with Nuvama Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
Yes. So just one question, sir, on the SABIC backward integration. Where are we in that 
journey, sir, if you can give us some color on that? And when do we expect those benefits 
to start accruing with regards to the backward integration that we are planning? 
Suyog Kotecha: 
So we do not talk about a specific customer name linked to a specific contract. I think there 
is one long-term contract that we announced, which was linked to backward integration in 
the last quarter. If your question is with reference to that, I think we are in the project 
execution phase. I think the civil and the building work is currently ongoing. The 
commissioning of that project is expected around September to October 2027 time frame. 
Archit Joshi: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Thank you. That is helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for the closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you, 
team. 
Suyog Kotecha: 
Thank you. We appreciate your ongoing support and participation in today's call. I think 
despite the prevailing headwinds in the global macro environment, our disciplined approach 
allows us to manage through this phase effectively. We remain committed to our overall 
growth trajectory and look forward to engaging with you again. Please feel free to connect 
with us for any follow-up queries. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aarti Industries Limited, that 
concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
