 
       
        
 
 
 
यूनियि बैंक ऑफ इंडिया, निवेशक सेवायें प्रभाग, यूनियि बैंक भवि, 239, ववधाि भवि मागग, िरीमि पॉइंट, म ंबई- 400021. 
Union Bank of India, Investor Services Division, Union Bank Bhavan,239,Vidhan Bhavan Marg, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400021. 
: + 91 22 2289 6636/2289 6643, investorservices@unionbankofindia.bank.in , website: www.unionbankofindia.bank.in 
 
 
 
 
संदर्भ Ref.:नि.से.वि.ISD/134/2026-27   
                 दिन ांक Date: जुल ई July 21, 2026 
 
महोदया Madam / महोदय Sir, 
 
दिषय Subject:    पोस्ट अदनिंग्स कॉल के प्रदिलेख Transcript of Post Earnings Call 
 
यह सूचित चिया जाता है चि 30 जून, 2026 िो समाप्त 
चतमाही िे चिए बैंि िे अिेखापरीचित समीचित 
(स्टैंडअिोन और समेचित) चित्तीय पररणामोों िे चिए 15 
जुिाई 2026, िो आयोचजत पोस्ट अचनिंग िॉि िे ट्ाोंसक्रीप्ट 
िो एतदद्वारा सिेबि पीडीएफ़ सोंिग्नि िे रूप में प्रस्तुत 
चिया गया है. 
 
 
इसे बैंि िी िेबसाइट पर चनम्नचिखखत िेब चिोंि िे माध्यम 
से भी उपिब्ध िराया जा रहा है: 
https://www.unionbankofindia.co.in/en/comm
on/financial-results  
 
यह जानिारी सेबी (सूिीबद्धता दाचयत्व और प्रिटीिरण 
आिश्यिताएँ) चिचनयम, 2015 िी अनुसूिी III, भाग ए, 
पैरा ए, 15 (बी) िे साथ पचित चिचनयम 46(2)(ओए)(iii) 
और चिचनयम 30 िे सोंदभभ में प्रस्तुत िी गई है. 
 
This is to inform that transcript of Post 
Earnings call held on July 15, 2026, for 
Reviewed 
Unaudited 
(Standalone 
and 
Consolidated) Financial Results of the Bank 
for the quarter ended on June 30,2026 is 
submitted herewith as a PDF searchable 
attachment. 
 
The same is also being made available in the 
Bank’s website under the following web link: 
 
https://www.unionbankofindia.co.in/en/co
mmon/financial-results  
 
This information is furnished in terms of 
Regulation 46(2)(oa)(iii) and Regulation 30 
read with Schedule III, Part A, Para A, 15(b) 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
भिदीय Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
(आशीष मिश्रा Ashish Mishra) 
कंपिी सचिि  Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
 
बीएसई चिचमटेड BSE Ltd. 
बीएसई चिखस्टोंग सेंटर BSE Listing Centre 
खिप िोड Scrip Code - 532 477 
नेशनि स्टॉि एक्स्िेंज ऑफ इोंचडया  चिचमटेड  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
चनप्स NEAPS 
खिप िोड Scrip Symbol-UNIONBANK-EQ 
चसक्योररटी Security – UBI-AT/BB 
ASHISH 
MISHRA
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH MISHRA 
Date: 2026.07.21 
18:33:25 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
 
 
“Union Bank of India 
Earnings Conference Call for the period ended June 30, 
2026” 
July 15, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: SHRI ASHEESH PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CEO 
 
SHRI NITESH RANJAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
SHRI RAMASUBRAMANIAN S – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
SHRI AMRESH PRASAD – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
SHRI DHIRENDRA JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Union Bank of India Earnings Conference 
Call for the period ended June 30, 2026. The bank is represented by the Managing Director and 
CEO, Shri. Asheesh Pandey; Executive Directors, Shri Nitesh Ranjan, Shri Ramasubramanian 
S, Shri Amresh Prasad, and other members of the top management. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Ajay Bansal, Deputy General Manager. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Ajay Bansal: 
Thanks, ma'am. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I, Ajay Bansal, Head of Investor 
Relations, welcome you all for Union Bank of India earning con call for the period ended June 
30, 2026. The structure of the con call shall include a brief opening statement by respected MD 
and CEO sir and then the floor will be open for interaction. Before getting into the con call, I 
will read out the usual disclaimer statement. I would like to submit that certain statements that 
may be discussed during the investor interaction may be forward-looking statements based on 
the current expectations. 
 
These statements involve a number of risks, uncertainty, and other factors that cause the actual 
result to differ from the statement. Investors are therefore requested to check this information 
independently before making any investment or other decision. With this, I now request our 
respected MD and CEO sir for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So thank you, thank you Mr. Bansal, and with great pleasure, I welcome all our analysts and the 
investors on this con call to Union Bank of India, your bank, financial results announcement for 
the quarter ended 30th June 2026. So to have a more Q&A and understanding, I would not go 
much, but as of, you know, all of you know, so to just set a context that what the economy we 
are in and what are the disruptive situations happening across world and how it is impacted, the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
 
So but at the same time, our country is well-poised with the various proactive efforts taken by 
the policymakers, the Government of India, all the regulators, Reserve Bank, and the various 
state governments as well. So, I think we are resilient, and we are in a position to navigate the 
impact of oil prices, trade linkages, logistics, currency, and rate movements. 
 
So I think with this, the analyst or press meet for last three quarters. So we were very clear in 
communicating that your bank is working upon five pillars. The first is Efficiency, second is 
Robustness, third is Quality and Sustainable Growth, fourth is Profitability, and fifth is Customer 
Centricity and ease of doing business for staff. 
 
And equally, we are having weightage to all these five parameters. And I think the improvements 
which you must be observing quarter-to-quarter from December 2025 onwards, are aligning to 
these five pillars only. 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
 
So we had also informed you that your bank has done like, you know, the bank is now various 
structural changes also taken place in some of the things like on technology, on operations. 
Project Muskaan we are running, we have which has now we are getting the real good green 
shoots of it. Meanwhile, we have created certain verticals like ecosystem banking. 
 
So public sector banking, I think we could achieve within last six to seven months is now that 
entire sourcing of business is separate where we are having 1,200 plus people as a ecosystem 
banking vertical headed by CGM and then he is having seven-eight GMs and then 14 DGMs 
and then around 1,200 people, 118 centers and 12 hubs. 
 
So these people are neither related to administrative work or nor related to the branch work. 
They are totally in the relationship management and that is why the CASA we are in a position 
to sustain from June 2025 or March 2025 or September 2025 levels. 
 
And if we speak certainly even for the June quarter very well that we when we talk about, you 
know, the low-cost deposit, we talk about CASA plus RTD. So CASA even in the June quarter, 
I can give you the average figures is around INR24,000 plus crores average CASA we have 
maintained during the quarter and RTD we have maintained average as a INR17,000 crores, 
total put together INR41,000 crores. 
 
Around we have shed off around INR18,000 to INR20,000 crores of bulk deposit, but shed off 
doesn't mean that we are not taking the deposit. We are taking the deposit, but in the last—the 
first thing is that we have a capital base of 18.46%, a robust capital, and March 2025 somewhere 
in that we were at 74% level and today we are at 86% level, it means around 12% growth. So it 
gives a good sort of a leeway, that is why efficiency is maintained and we are in a position to 
come with some better figures as we promised to all our investors earlier. 
 
So even now, I would not like to give figures, but even today our average CASA figures are 
better than the June 30th CASA figures because that is what I am saying about the about the 
vertical which we have created. The NACH registration which we were doing around 12,000 to 
13,000 per day is increased to 18,000. So there you can think of because the fee-based income 
and other things are generated through all these activities. 
 
And almost in a quarter more than 200, if I am not wrong, corporates we are integrating so that 
our stickiness, as in the press meet told by our CFO, he will again in brief he will tell, but it is 
around 95% somewhere to 99% stickiness in advances, in saving, and the current. So I think that 
is a good color which gives that we are the bank is now what they said is working upon the 
average figures. 
 
Now in this quarter, we also got excellence some award, IIBF excellence in governance and 
compliance, TransUnion CIBIL award for best data quality bank, IBA award for cybersecurity 
team, and Economic Times Enterprise Security winner for data privacy. So I think these are the 
something because we believe that business first and compliance always. 
 
If we plan to grow another INR5,00,000-INR6,00,000 crores from here, so we should have been 
on the various robust base rather than only on the superficial foundation. So that is the reason 
we are working a lot. Our presentation is very clear on the things which we have done last six-
seven-eight-nine months, and we have told in each of our analyst and presentation call that what 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
we have steps we have taken. And we also said that it may take nine months to one year time to 
get into it. 
 
And the first thing is that this is the highest ever profit, even in March we told highest ever profit, 
highest ever dividend. And even the Q4 ROA was 1.36. So last three quarters we are maintaining 
the ROA of 1.36. This time, yes, cost-to-income we told we are working hard on it and almost 
500 basis points, 5 percentage points we have come down. 
OP is almost high for the bank for this crossing INR8,000 crores. Even the NIM is the highest 
level crossing INR10,000 crores. And the other ratios certainly you have our presentation, the 
GNPA, NNPA levels are again one of the best. So now I can say that your bank has come to a 
real foundation where we are now in a position to take forward very nicely. 
 
Coming to the growth in advances and other places, you have seen we have clocked a good 
growth. First quarter is slightly sluggish for everybody, but the first quarter is also in banking 
industry generally gives a negative color on the slippages and the SMA position. But then your 
bank is I think the best of the numbers, even INR1,000 crores less than the March figures, around 
INR2,800-odd in SMA 0, 1, 2 above INR5 crores. 
I think that's also one of the good color which gives 99% around CIBIL score. So we are shifting 
from lower CIBIL score to upper CIBIL score. That is what you will see in the presentation. 
Even INR25 crores and above when we talk about the external rating, so we are maintaining 
that. So we do not want to compromise on the quality at any of the cost. 
But at the same time, the industry level growth plus 1% we aim forward and certainly we look 
for now up to now we said we would like to defend NIM, but then from here we would like to 
improve upon the NIM. So defending is for sure and improving is the aspiration from here further 
more. 
 
And coming to the deposit, it is not like deposit we are not taking because there are various 
maturities over the year, spread over the year. This time also we have taken INR30,000 crores-
INR40,000 crores of deposit, but our first choice is CASA and RTD. So this is where we are 
trying to build because -- actually because of this strategy only the deposit cost has reduced by 
18 bps. 
I think that is the notable feature for this quarter which has also helped the NIM and other 
important parameters. So I think with this, I would like to give the platform to all the investors, 
and you may ask the queries, your, and will like to answer that during the con call itself. So over 
to you, Mr. Bansal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take our first 
question from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Tara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations. Sir, my first question is on deposit growth. So you explained very 
well on how you've been shedding bulk deposits, but the gap between deposit and loan growth 
is quite wide for us now. So when do you see a pickup in deposit growth? Because the gap has 
to be bridged, right, at least to the sectoral level. So that's my first question. And my second 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
question is on FCNR mobilization. How much do you think you can mobilize and what's been 
the mobilization so far? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Okay. So thank you so much because it is your bank, you are the investor. We are the custodians. 
So always I say to you, I know you for very long and I always say like that. See, the deposit 
growth is not at all an issue if we ask. The CASA and RTD is an issue. So, I think we are actually 
hitting on the grassroots level of the issue. And there itself, it is not like, if we talk about bulk 
deposit shedding, it may not give a good color. 
The right set of colors is that first our own capital we are sitting at 18.46% levels today. And if 
you see the June '25 or March '25, the CD ratio was 74% and today 86%. So 12% and how much 
1 percentage it caters to? 10,000. So you can think of around 1,00,000 we could build straight 
away from our capital itself. So that is the first moot point. The second one is that we are also in 
my commentary or introductory brief, we have told we are working a lot hard on the CASA and 
RTD and stickiness, which we have answered. So that is also now not an issue. And the bulk 
deposit, it is not like we are not taking. So we are taking it, but the thing is that our first priority 
is very clearly the CASA and RTD. But yes, going forward, as we grow, we need to we will be 
taking. 
So already we are taking, we will be taking, but then we'll be taking where our -- the CASA and 
RTD to an extent that supports over and above we will be taking bulk deposit. And because the 
bulk deposit to the total deposit ratio was around 27%-odd which has come down to 19%-odd 
something. So it means around 7.5% to 7.9% we have reduced and that's the reason the efficiency 
is coming on. 
And going forward, it is not -- see, we have to see the total deposit. So, going forward our 
aspiration maybe it may take one year, two year, three year down the line, but to bring below 
bulk deposit to 1.15 percentage points. So that will give more stability to the bank on the funding 
part, on the pricing part, on the cost of deposit part.  
And certainly, let us look the most important pillar madam, which is LCR and NSFR. LCR our 
stands at average 121 basis points and our board approved is 107, RBI threshold is 100%. And 
1 basis point means INR2,000 crores approximately, roughly. So 21% means around INR42,000 
crores we are in a liquidity position comfortably.  
So we are sound enough on that. So certainly we have gone with the level where we required, 
we have taken the deposit. But going forward certainly because now CD ratio has also I think 
almost it has optimized. So going forward we will be taking the deposit and certainly it will be 
when we say the advances it will continue 12% to 13% or plus some levels because we would 
like to grow with industry plus something on the credit growth.  
So certainly in the similar range minus 2% somewhere deposit growth will continue. Coming to 
FCNR, I think this is also core related question to the first one. The FCNR we have already done 
106 million up till now and we have not done any leveraging up till now, but we are in talk and 
we'll be going forward with that.  
And we aspire to not aspire, but it is an achievable we will be in the position to garner 1.5 to 2 
billion going forward till September. So this is the color on the FCNR and OFCB around 200 to 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
300 million we plan on that route. So this is the total plan on the scheme given by the Reserve 
Bank of India and the government. 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of CA Dr. Ashok Ajmera from Ajcon Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, thank you for giving this opportunity and compliments to you, sir, Asheesh sir and the 
entire team for a good set of numbers, especially on the profitability front. Even in the first 
quarter also you have matched the profit, rather improved it by about INR100 crores, which is 
good, heartening to note.  
And even the NIM is also is very healthy as compared to the last quarter and even otherwise 
also. So my compliments on them. Sir, having said that, I have got a again the same one major 
concern is about the business growth, overall business growth and especially which is linked 
with the deposit and the credit growth.  
So the same question which Mahrukh had asked about deposit front. You said you are 
comfortable on capital adequacy wise, but sir if we compare with the even industry also, I think 
in the overall business growth as well as the credit, I think we are little bit lacking which was 
never used to be a phenomena 1.5 years 2 years, 3 years back in the Union Bank.  
So having said that, what can I mean what can be done to increase the number because now you 
see even in the first quarter also some of the banks which have declared the results have given 
very healthy numbers of the credit and overall businesses also. So on this, little more elaboration, 
little more like kind of a foresight from you would help in understanding the future of this bank. 
So this is my first question, sir? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Okay, thank you so much Ajmera on both the things. We have already answered on the deposit 
growth to madam Mahrukh and to all the investors. And let me tell you when we talk about 1.5 
to 2 billion on the FCNR front, how much it comes to Indian rupees approximately? Around 
INR20,000 crores.  
So when certainly you have a roadmap for this quarter itself because this scheme is for 
September only. But then our main focus is the CASA and I think let us understand in total 
deposit there are three factors. 
One is the CASA, another is the retail term deposit, then bulk deposit. So I think in CASA and 
retail, there is a huge growth in Union Bank of India. So I think that is one notable remarkable 
feature quarter-to-quarter. You can compare from the March to June to September to December 
and to March and again to June.  
So even in the average you can see there is a lot of improvement. So and stickiness in the press 
meet certainly our CFO has told stickiness in saving, that is stickiness means the average figures 
to terminal figures of the quarter end. And again I will request him to inform all the investors on 
that count. 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
 
But let me tell you that all these things are to manage structurally manage efficiently our funds. 
But then it cannot be endless. So going forward we are taking deposit, we will take and certainly 
you will see like see this was actually the anomaly which was there which we have tried to 
rectify and improve upon the efficiency.  
Now when you talked about the other banks also or maybe the other organizations and we 
compare to Union Bank. So like the cost-to-income like the cost of deposit, like the NII now and 
ROA. So there we could build the efficiencies. But then certainly going forward as we grow 
move from quarter-to-quarter till this year end you will see the same because we are in the 
industry from somewhere money will not come. 
Money will come in the market only and certainly we are there to cater it. And when we say and 
when you talked about credit growth and certainly the Q4 growth you have seen is one of the 
best. It was around 7%. So there is no doubt in the growth on the credit front. And certainly the 
first quarter remains a bit. 
But going forward, even we have almost more than INR1,00,000 crores of a sanctioned, but not 
disbursed pipeline in the corporate itself. And RAM sector we have now come up with the cluster 
scheme, we have come with the Agri Unnati scheme. So we are come up with the various 
schemes in the MSME and agriculture and retail.  
So, we are very sure that not only 11% to 12% or 14%, but we aim to move better than 18% to 
20% in these three sectors going forward. And that's the reason we were surplus, earlier we were 
in deficit in Agri and all. But last quarter we have sold very good IBPC and we have booked 
good income. So certainly this all this shows that we are we are in a position to make a growth 
and we have good visibility on the growth. So certainly with that credit growth, the deposit will 
follow in line with that. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Sir, quite well taken, sir. We are well-wishers of the bank and would definitely like it to be in 
line with on every parameter as the other banking industry on the whole or rather do better. 
Having said this, sir, there is a little concern on the recovery side because our recovery from the 
written-off account in this quarter is almost half of the March quarter, which generally the good 
quarter, I understand. 
 
And secondly, the provision NPA provision has also gone up substantially, INR2,020 crores 
from INR420 crores in the March quarter. And similarly, if you see the SMA 2 numbers, overall 
SMA numbers have come down as you said and as we can see, but the SMA 2 has gone up by 
almost INR350 crores. 
 
So overall do you see some kind of little stress in the some of the MSME accounts or some other 
accounts? And something if you can give the information on the ECLGS, this new ECLGS, how 
much is the entitlement of your all the customers and how much money has already been 
disbursed on that? 
Ramasubramanian S: 
Yes, namaste sir, Ajmera sir. Regarding the recovery, if you are looking at it, March quarter and 
this quarter if you are looking at, in March quarter there was one bulk was there, I think 
everybody knows it, the Supreme Court order for one of the account where we got a good 
recovery. 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
 
If you remove that, more or less we are in tune with that because as already also we have 
explained, the bigger cases are not coming out actually, there is nothing much in the NCLT has 
more or less dried up. Everything now we see being done through OTS, we also having a 
SARFAESI, Lok Adalat like that only there is new things only we are trying to see that the how 
to recover the remaining amounts. 
 
So recovery the city itself has been coming down. The slippages is not happening to the large 
extent. Slippages also we have been controlling the slippages to the great extent and there was 
not much slippages. So the recovery whatever it is there, we our there is a good team which is 
taking care of that. That is number one. 
 
Regarding the stress in MSME, yes, it was there -- it is there and it's going to be there because 
the MSME are depending on mainly on our economy. When the economy is very, very in a very 
unstable condition, automatically there will be stress on the MSME portfolio. But one thing is 
it's been quite well managed by the bank overall and government also has helped us with this 
ECLGS scheme where they will be able to get able to help the MSME sector to a large extent. 
 
And if you look at it, our stress in MSME sector also it is on the low value ticket, not on a very 
medium or high value ticket there is not much stress. The low value ticket which is more of a 
state-sponsored or schemes only we have it, which are all quite covered with the guarantee cover 
from the government also. 
 
And regarding ECLGS, if I can say that we are expected to disburse around INR14,000 crores 
to INR15,000 crores on the overall and already we have completed around INR10,000 crores 
disbursement in that. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So, I think when we are talking about SMA figures, see, we are INR1,000 crores less than the 
March figure. Generally you will see heightened stress and slippages in the June quarter, Ajmera 
sir. But fortunately, and with all good hard work and strategically, managed this entire portfolio 
on asset quality, we are the actually lowest on the SMA, which INR2,800 crores odd amount. 
So that is point number one. 
 
Point number two, our recovery is more than the slippages. I think that is also quite important 
point, second point, in the first quarter itself. The second is that even though if you, reduce that 
the major one which came and in the last quarter, last year and last quarter Q4, and straight away, 
not only that by putting our own money we have put INR700 crores of the additional provision, 
which is nowhere part of Tier 2 or part of your profit or part of your PCR. 
 
And this time also again we have put INR100 crores. So it means total INR800 crores and I think 
any shareholder, investor, or any stakeholder for that, whether regulator or Government of India, 
will feel good that when ECL guidelines are in place and we are going to move, now already 
four months are over, and the bank has kept INR800 crores aside today itself. I think that is a 
very good sort of a clue to each one of the stakeholders. 
 
Like, one more thing I would like to because the MSME is a very important part of the economy 
and we take this very seriously. And Ajmera sir, what we have done this for information to all 
the investors here listening to us, because the government was also keen to know the impact of 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
West Asia and other things happening on this MSME and also the Reserve Bank was also very, 
cautious. 
 
So we have done all the 140 regional offices, we have conducted MSME customer meets. And 
for almost 1 to 2 hours, ranging from customers from 15 to around 30. And in all those meets, 
our people virtually has joined Chief Economist of the bank and GM MSME. And one-to-one 
as per their business we asked them that what heat they are facing, whether on the input cost or 
on the fuel cost or maybe on the logistics cost or orders or delayed what not. 
 
And we have compiled that actually book and we are working upon each account, whether we 
have to make to give ad hoc to them, whether we have to do fast review renewal for them for 
delayed, where RBI relief measures has to be given immediately to them, ECLGS. So ECLGS 
when you asked INR12,000 crores is our sanctioned book and disbursed is INR10,000 crores 
and certainly it is currently the time period, it is there, so we'll be in a position to cross going 
forward a good amount. 
 
So that is the reason we did this study and this study we have done for two months and it was 
like our regional head, zonal head, MLP means that MSME loan point head and their team, all 
have we have set these people and then we have tried to get the clues. And we are trying to 
handle those MSMEs with this. 
 
So the thing is that if there is a maybe a stress it may come, but proactively we are engaging 
with our customers and ensuring that does not creep in into our Union Bank business. Over to 
you, Ajmera saab. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, sir, no, this INR10,000 crore figure because I was in fact I am driving to that point only 
that out of the total about INR18,000 crore total credit growth, net credit growth in this quarter, 
I mean INR10,000 crores according to you has gone in ECLGS disbursements only.  
Asheesh Pandey: 
No, I think that is not correct, because ECLGS disbursement happens in the CC account. And it 
reduces your CC. So we have done a great analysis. Let me also tell you that not only MSME or 
small people, even the big corporates have taken ECLGS. And why they have taken that, you 
know, they want to sit on cash. It is not that they are in stress. It doesn't mean that this INR10,000 
crores or maybe any other bank who has sanctioned more or less than this amount, it means it is 
going to stressed amount. 
But the thing is that today we are in a society which is much more informed, much more 
calculated, and they don't want to take risk which has happened during COVID and other period. 
Now when this scheme came and when they saw the heat on the input and other cost, they 
immediately took the benefit of this and took this disbursement in all the CCs. As per the rule 
also it was to go in CC. 
So it reduced the balance on the CCs rather than -- so that calculation probably mathematics 
would not work here that if 18,000 crore growth is here particularly, then ECLGS 8,000 crore 
or 9,000 crore has actually set off. It reduced our CC balances and most of them are sitting on it 
so that in case of any eventuality, they will be in a position to make good of themselves. And 
also, they don't want to leverage much, taking ECLGS on one hand and then utilizing that money 
for some other hand and then coming into problem. 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
So, most of them, we also discussed independently when we did this exercise, means we did this 
exercise wholeheartedly across the customer base, across India. So I think 2,500 plus MSMEs 
we have done this exercise. So outcome is very clear, it is not that equation that as we are 
thinking it has gone to CC and it has reduced the CC. It is on the infra also there were some 
repayments because everybody, you know, that after March quarter it comes as a repayment 
from and it is a bigger balance sheet it comes. 
So it is across, but yes, gold we have not grown and cautiously we have not grown and that dent 
has actually done around INR2,500 crores to INR3,000 crores. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Yes. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
And now we are building because we wanted to abide by the regulatory guidelines, we don't 
want to do the business in in hurry and then become a non-compliant. So we have worked a lot 
last two months on the gold loan, agriculture, and what other prescriptions, regulatory 
prescription and how to go about it. 
Moderator: 
Sorry, Mr. Ajmera, I request you to join back the queue please as we have participants waiting 
for their turn. Thank you. 
Ashok Ajmera: 
Okay. All right, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Kunal, sorry your audio is not clear. Please use your handset. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes, so the question was on provisioning again, maybe almost like INR1,000 odd crores of NPA 
and coverage has also dropped and we see a much higher write-off as well. So is that number 
more to do with the write-off, maybe the provisioning towards the write-off and then the account 
getting written off because that quantum appears to be slightly higher as slippages have just been 
flat, but still we have seen almost INR1,000 crores of NPA provisions? 
Dhirendra Jain: 
So slippages as you must be observing, the slippages are almost flat Q-o-Q, but the write-off is 
higher and to maintain the gross NPA and to have the proper tax planning, we need to write off. 
If you look at my Q1 number of write-off, it is almost in this quarter Q1 previous quarter previous 
year Q1, the write-off amount is almost aligned.  
Kunal Shah: 
So this is just a quarter phenomena, it will not continue. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
No, it will not continue, Kunal. I would put it differently. If you see all our ratios, it is all one of 
the best. And also the profit is the one of the highest levels. So now when everything is there 
and certainly, you know, we need to clean the balance sheet. So wherever possible, we take that 
stance of cleaning the balance sheet. Even that INR100 crores we have put additional, so now it 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
is earlier last quarter was INR700 crore and this time INR100 crore plus means INR800 crores 
we have put set aside for the eventuality of the ECL going forward. 
So I think this gives a very good colour that you know, yes, if provisioning would have impacted 
the profit and the ratios, probably it would have been correct, that apprehension would have been 
correct. But the question here is that we are at 1.36 and the NIM has improved to 2.80, all the 
ratios are better and highest particularly for the Union Bank of India. So I think keeping those 
in view, we also need to clear the balance sheet. 
And then certainly when we clear the balance sheet more and more and we become more 
stronger, I think. And when we do recoveries, so recovery if I take which is very bare minimum 
which we have done this time is INR750 crore. So 750 into 4 it comes 3,000. So certainly it will 
be more around INR4,500 crores to INR5,000 crores in the entire year, which is again much 
more than the last year, though there was a TWO recovery I am saying. But as far as total 
recovery is concerned, it's much more than the slippages. Even our tax provision we have doing 
fully, so it is around INR1,691 crores. So, it is INR1,691 crores of tax provision also we have 
done on the operating profit because we are at highest operating profit of INR8,003 crores. So 
on that basis around 21% we have taken and provided for. 
Kunal Shah: 
Got it. And the second question was when we look at cost of deposits because of the run-down 
in the bulk which is down by almost like 20,000 odd crores, there is some savings on cost of 
deposits, it's down by almost 18 odd basis points. But cost of funds is still steady. So we don't 
have that borrowing number, so was there anything on the borrowing side wherein cost of funds 
are still remaining generally flat at 4.37 during the quarter? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
See, there are certain Tier 2 bonds which are of prior period which are at higher cost. One we 
have shed off during this quarter at INR850 crores. And in this quarter again I think we have 
INR2,500 crores and some of them are at even 9%. So, I think going forward you will see that, 
8.7% is the blended rate and we are already sitting on 18.46 of capital. So certainly, we want to 
reduce and I think going forward you will see both, getting reduced. 
Kunal Shah: 
So INR2,500 crores raised at the blended rate of 8.7 during the quarter? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, it is that call option we will exercise. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay, got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone Financial Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question is, last year we had zero PSLC income. 
This year there is a sharp increase in the fee-based income, so if you can mention how much we 
have done in the PSLC this quarter? That's my first question. And can you give some estimate 
about the ECL provisions requirement from next year? 
Dhirendra Jain: 
So PSLC last year this quarter was zero, this year this quarter is INR217 crores.  

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Actually, we did PSLC in the last quarter, not corresponding. So, it was INR100 crores, but then 
in a year it will come. But this time we since we December quarter and March quarter we worked 
a lot, so we had excess, so that is where agriculture, SMF we have sold it around INR217 crores. 
 
The second one, ECL is around INR6,000 crores total, the total requirement is around 
INR11,300 crore, but we are carrying INR5,500 crores of additional provision. INR6,000 crore 
is additionally required which I think which even if we take on one -- it will be decided in the 
board and other things, but then one quarter I think, but then there is a regulatory, forbearance 
for I think many quarters, so we can decide over there and go. INR800 crores already we have 
put in the balance sheet is an even today. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay, so this INR11,500 crores is total requirement, and you are saying that INR5,500 crores 
we have already done. So that INR5,500 crores include this INR800 crores, right? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So, around INR6,000 crores is remaining. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Around 6,000 crore. So, are we planning to do more in the remaining three quarters this year 
itself? Because you are saying that, provision for NPA was a Q1 phenomena and maybe next 
three quarters provisions for NPA would be slightly lesser? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
See, I would not go for it because now we require is only INR6,000 crores approximately. And 
INR800 crores we already have. But we would like sustainable business growth, sustainable 
profitability and sustainable all efficiency ratios, this is our first priority. And after that even if 
we are remaining with something, we will keep on building, but now nothing is remaining, only 
three quarters are there. 
 
And not even three, two quarters are there because this has to be done somewhere in the 31st of 
March before that, no? Because from 1st it is applicable. So, all the banks' board will decide upon 
the approach they are adopting to handle this. So, I think we are very comfortable on that. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Dixit, I request you to join back please. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anand 
Dama from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Anand Dama: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity and very good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is that, I 
think you talked about the ECL impact of about INR11,500 crores, but what would be the annual 
run rate that we should see once I think we have implemented on the 1st April 2027? 
 
There will be an annual impact as well, whether that will be 5 basis points, 10 basis points, 15 
basis points, how much have you assessed that's going to be the annual credit cost that you're 
going to just see only because of ECL? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
The thing is that what we are saying INR11,300 crore, this putting on both treasury and as well 
as on the credit side, putting both, one-time. And then ongoing it will be like, the stages where 
we can add each month. So, it will have both positive and negative depending upon your 
portfolio. So, the thing is that we are actually right now we are working upon that and that is 
why we could contain our stress level at this even June, INR2,800 crore.  
Sowmya Sridhar: 
Even if we even if we absorb the entire thing in the year one, which is the 2027, from 18.10 
which was our 31/3 CRAR, it would just go down to 17.54. So even then we would be very 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
comfortable. And going forward of course we have a provision of adding back each year and we 
can phase it out over the next four years. So, in any case we will not be not much bothered about 
it. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
That model we are configuring and we have taken EY and OFSA from Oracle. I think that figure 
we are working, but that we are not finding very I think sizable and difficult for that. Anandji. 
Anand Dama: 
Okay, sir, I think you can, yes, certainly you can work around and let us know what is the final 
amount because there was so much of disturbance I could not get if you said any figure what 
will be the annual run rate of incremental credit cost that you should have because of ECL. 
 
Nevertheless, sir, second, my question was that we have seen farm loan waiver in the state of 
Maharashtra, we have sizable exposure on the Agri front in Maharashtra. Then there is an 
ongoing stress which is there in MSME, I'm sure part of that ECLGS possibly would have taken 
some part of that stress out. 
 
But still do you see some asset quality issues on the go and because of which you made some 
additional provisions during the quarter? What is your broader sense on the asset quality outlook, 
particularly in MSME and the Agri sector? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
See, one good thing is that as far as agriculture is concerned, in our bank it is totally spread-out 
Pan India. And because of the e-Andhra Bank and e-Corporation Bank, we also have a good sort 
of an exposure in Andhra Pradesh, Telangana and Karnataka and certainly for Union Bank in 
Bihar, UP and MP and those states which are more agriculture driven. So, I think, you know, 
Maharashtra we did not actually felt any impact up till now. But yes, the date is fixed and 
finalized, and the data is submitted. 
 
So, I think it is going to give a positive sort of, you know, because whatsoever we wanted to we 
have already done it, provided for. So, it will give a positive impact going forward when it is 
being reimbursed. So, on agriculture front here in this case we are not worried. 
Anand Dama: 
And on MSME front? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
MSME I briefed, I think a too lengthy discussion that we have carried out, 140 MSME customer 
meets pan India and it's a very big report, huge report, and actual report. So, it has really given 
a very good insight, and we are dealing with now, actually many banks you will see that 
generally like, you know, the Paracetamol given to every patient. 
 
But then we have discussed, we have done this exercise for two months and our Chief Economist 
herself has sat with GM MSME. So, we are giving wherever Ad-Hoc is required, wherever RBI 
relief measure is to be given, ECLGS to be given. So, we are actually deploying this course of 
action and we are monitoring centrally. So MSME also we have not seen anything negative up 
till now. Let us see going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes, hi, good afternoon, sir, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, I wanted to check on the overall 
growth, right? So how do you see overall growth panning out and within which, you know, 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
corporate do we still maintain the policy of zero IBPC or, you know, you see a bit of an 
opportunistic opportunities there? Overall growth and within which corporate. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So certainly, the industry whatsoever is going plus 1% is minimum what we are thinking and 
we'll grow with that. And we are in that line, already corporate book we have INR1,00,000 crores 
plus sanctioned not yet disbursed. And in stages it has been happening. And so that is not an 
issue. We told we are at - domestically I am talking - 57 to 43 levels and we'll continue with 
that. IBPC, we do not want to even hear it. 
 
So, there is no question of going for an IBPC. And we are self-sustained, let me tell you that I 
think last eight-nine months we would have underwritten more than INR70,000 crores of 
corporate book. I think you can give some color on the corporate. 
Amresh Prasad: 
No, sir, IBPC is not we are not thinking, we are thinking not thinking of buying it, we are selling 
it. That is what I wanted to add and that is what has been done in the first quarter. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. Sir, the industry is now growing at 18%, 19%, right? So, we are currently at 13%, 14%. 
So that would mean that you will you aim to grow faster, 100 basis point higher than industry, 
right? Did I understand correctly? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So certainly, in the entire credit growth, if you take, we'll like to grow with the industry 
whatsoever is going plus 1%. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Sure. That is very helpful, sir. And secondly, sir, on ECL you have given the estimate. I also 
wanted to check, sir, what is your all-inclusive, all-ticket size bank-level SMA-0, 1, and 2 
numbers in rupees crore? Yes, sir. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So, it is given in the above INR5 crores we have already given I think INR2,382 crore amount 
which is the lowest as of now in our bank. And even it is lower than the 31st of March figures. 
And we have given both SMA-0, 1, and 2 in that. 
Jai Mundhra: 
No, sir, I was checking at the bank-level number, so including below INR5 crores loans also. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Okay, we'll ensure. Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Antariksha Banerjee from ICICI Prudential AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
Yes, hello, sir. I'm audible, right? 
Moderator: 
Your volume is very low. 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
Is this better? 
Moderator: 
A little better. Please go ahead. 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
Yes, just two things to clarify. One is this income-on-income tax refund that you have booked 
about INR532 crores this quarter. Can you give us the quantum that you had in last quarter and 
Q1 of last year as well? 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
Dhirendra Jain: 
It was INR562 crores in the March 2026, and you asked about June 2025? 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
Yes. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
It was INR14 crores only. June 2025 INR14 crores, March 2026 INR562 crores, this quarter it 
is INR532 crores. Yes, but one thing like June 2025 we had treasury income of INR1,439 crores 
which has actually come down to last two quarters which has come to 630, 640 level. 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
Right, right. Sure. And the second point I wanted to ask is on PSLC. So, this INR217 crores of 
PSLC fee income that we have booked this quarter, how does the outlook look for the rest of the 
year? Do you think you'll be able to make that INR800 crores -INR900 crores for the full year 
or this is going to be the lumpy quarter? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Depending upon, you know, how we grow in the agriculture, particularly SMF, because SMF is 
more lucrative than any other portfolio. So, there are not many givers on that. So, we are planning 
on that, we already have implemented certain things, we are waiting for offshoot. So, we will 
see as we go ahead during quarter, because initially itself booking good numbers is also, I think 
a positive approach we have taken. 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
So, is SMF most likely linked to gold loans, Agri gold loans, and therefore it is dependent on 
where gold price moves or is that not the case? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
No, no, no. Actually, gold loan portfolio because we want to be very compliant, so we have done 
lot many changes in our portfolio. And if you see the gold loan portfolio March and this time, 
actually there is a de-growth of around INR2,500 crores to INR3,000 crores. So that is not. 
Actually, with real our growth in SMF and other parameters, we are going with that only. 
Antariksha Banerjee: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Antariksha, I request you to join back the queue please. Thank you. Next question is from the 
line of Param Subramaniam from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Param Subramaniam: 
Yes, hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on the quarter. Sir, a question on the NIM, 
I think you mentioned that the NIM will improve from here. Firstly, I wanted to understand why 
did the yield on advances decline in this quarter, because I thought the rate cut transmission had 
happened? And secondly, what is the driver for NIM to expand further from here? Will it mainly 
be funding cost declines? Yes, that's my question. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, see, it is actually domestic our yield on advances is 8.01%. I think, and the global yield on 
advances is 7.90%. So, I think that is where you are coming from. So domestic actually, we are 
working in a fashion which we have told, that many of our portfolio which was lower yielding, 
we have converted to higher yielding. So that's the reason we are actually thinking to improve 
upon the domestic NIM. 
Foreign branches as you know more are syndicated and the down-selling is there. It varies from 
sometimes 100 to 130-140 levels. So there does not have come much. So, yield on advances 
going forward, certainly we think that it will bottom out going forward. And the NIM as we said 
because we were taken so many measures because NIM is the correspondingly parameter - 
related parameters are many. We have to act upon so many things. 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
So that is where we were saying we will defend and then the last quarter when we saw 2.64, we 
said it is bottomed out and we have come with 2.80. So, I think going forward you will see better 
than this position. This is what we aspire for. So, I would not say only defend, but you may see 
the positivity again from here. 
Param Subramaniam: 
Sir, this 8.01, what was it last quarter, domestic yield? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
That we'll provide. We'll get back on that. 
Param Subramaniam: 
Sure, sir, if you could get back on that. Secondly, sir, very short question, your AFS reserve 
from -INR800 crores I think as of last quarter, where is it now, broadly? 
Omprakash Karwa: 
It is at around -INR345 crores, so reduction of around INR438 crores. 
Param Subramaniam: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Yes, hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, first question is on the LCR ratio. There is good 
improvement that we have seen this quarter. So, is it possible for you to quantify how much of 
this benefit came from the new guidelines? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Yes, if I remember correctly, there were three major things: one is through the internet, and 
means on the saving bank and all. I think you made it. So, there was some benefit of I think 
INR5,000 crores around some benefit I remember because last time there was a question on this 
which we answered. I think it was around 3%, and if I recall correctly then the amount turns 
which was around INR4000 crores - INR5000 crores. We will give you exact figure because 
there were three pillars which impacted. One pillar was negative, two pillars were positive and 
the net was positive to us. And there it also helped somewhere. Society, trust was one issue and 
another was decrease in run off factor. 
Sowmya Sridhar: 
On society, trust AOPs there was a reduction from 100% run-off to 40% run-off. So, net it was 
around INR4,500 -- 2.5% to 3%. That was the net. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
Nitinji, we got 2.5% to 3% of the net gain from that. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Got it, got it, sir. Thanks for that. And the second question is on credit-deposit ratio. Over last 
one year, we have seen a 700 basis point odd increase in credit-deposit ratio. While you are 
guiding for a higher than the system growth, how do you watch out for this number? What is a 
comfortable range that you will want to operate at? 
Asheesh Pandey: 
See, it was around March, 74 levels which is around 85-86 levels now. So, it is almost 10 to 11 
basis point, percentage basis it has increased. So, I think this is a good comfortable range. We 
will not go much beyond that. And that is why we said we wanted to build efficiency. We have 
tried and I think we are successful in that. 
 
And then going forward, our aim is to build the deposit, first is the internal from the CASA and 
retail and secondly from the bulk. But at the same time to contain cost as we have done this time, 

 
 
Union Bank of India 
 
 
July 15, 2026 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Classification: Public 
Classification: Internal 
18 basis point we could reduce this time and to improve the NIM. So, this is the three triangle I 
think which we are working upon that. 
Nitin Aggarwal: 
Sure, sir. Got it. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as a last question for today. And now hand 
the conference back to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Asheesh Pandey: 
So, I think first of all I am grateful and thankful to all the analyst, all the people in the analyst 
call and your queries. Actually, your queries gives us some color, to improve upon. You may 
not say directly, but then asking on that and that is where we write it down and we work upon 
that. And I always in any of the last I think six years, I always ask the analyst to give us their 
feedback so that where we have to improve where we can. 
So, I think if we see the credit growth in the Q4 also, we were at around 7%. So, if we take 
annualized it is very huge. And even now when we have said that we have underwritten 
INR60,000 crores to INR70,000 crores and we are down-selling it. So, we are comfortable, so 
the credit growth we are not bothered anyway. 
The deposit, yes, we are bothered only on the retail and CASA because we do not want to go 
down from here. We want to sustain the CASA growth whatsoever we have achieved. 2% is not 
an easy thing for within nine months to one year. And the retail term deposit as I had given the 
average figures also. So INR41,000 crores average we have increased from March 31st to June 
30th. 
I think these are the positive sign. And certainly, going forward as I said to one of the analyst 
that the triangle is that we want to improve NIM, the second is we want to reduce cost of our 
funds, and the third is that whatsoever deposit is required or the resources is required, it continues 
to fuel the credit growth, but certainly while maintaining CD ratio in the acceptable range and 
LCR in the acceptable or comfortable range, that is 121, it is quite good, and NSFR. 
I think these points which I am saying is again yielding to the five pillars on which I started: 
Efficiency, Robustness, Quality and Sustainable Growth, Profitability, and Customer Centricity 
and ease of doing business for staff equally given weightage by the board of the bank and all 
WTDs is sitting in front of you and the entire senior management sitting in front of you. 
With these words, we are thankful to you for having not only trust but belief in Union Bank that 
what we say we come out with that and we want to strengthen, make the bank more robust so 
that if any hiccups comes because of any external shocks, we are in the position to sail through 
very nicely and very quietly. With this, thanks to all of you for joining this investor call and any 
query you are please feel free to mail us and whatsoever we have told to give you the figures, 
we will be giving you after this meeting. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. On behalf of Union Bank of India, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
