 
 
Classification: Internal
 
July 30, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
Symbol: LALPATHLAB        
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539524 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
on Financial Results for Q1 & FY27. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Gujral 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
Vinay 
Gujral
Digitally signed 
by Vinay Gujral 
Date: 2026.07.30 
19:24:18 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Dr Lal PathLabs Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
July 24, 2026 
 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour  
Management Speakers 
• 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal - Executive Chairman 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee - Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel - Group CFO and CEO, International 
Business 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Amey Chalke – JM Financial 
• 
Tausif Shaikh – BNP Paribas 
• 
Yogesh Soni – Haitong Securities 
• 
Anshul Agrawal – Emkay Global 
• 
Prakash Kapadia – Kapadia Financial Services 
• 
Saion Mukherjee – Nomura  
• 
Shyam Srinivasan – Goldman Sachs 
• 
Rahul Jeewani – IIFL Securities 
• 
Sudarshan 
• 
Parth Sodha – Trinetra Asset Management 
• 
Abdulkader Puranwala – ICICI Securities 
• 
Sumit Gupta – Antique  
• 
Akash Shah – Investec  
• 
Surya Narayan – Phillip Capital 
• 
Mohammed Patel – Edelweiss Public Alternatives 

 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Dr Lal PathLabs’ Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference call.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q1 FY27 
earnings conference call. Today, we are joined by senior members of the 
management team, including (Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal, Executive Chairman, Mr. 
Shankha Banerjee, CEO and Mr. Ved Prakash Goel, Group CFO and CEO 
International Business.  
I would like to share our standard disclaimer. Some of the statements made on 
today's call could be forward-looking in nature and actual results could vary from 
these forward-looking statements. A detailed description in this regard is available 
in the results presentation that has been circulated to you and is also available on 
the stock exchange websites.  
I would now like to invite Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our 
first earnings call for the financial year 2027.  FY2027 is, for us, a year of 
execution: scaling what we have already built, deepening our reach into new 
markets, including rural.   
The Indian diagnostics industry remains firmly in a structural growth phase. 
Demand is no longer anchored only to episodic illness; it is increasingly shaped by 
the rising burden of lifestyle and non-communicable diseases, growing health 
awareness, and rising disposable incomes that are making regular, preventive 
testing a part of everyday life.  
We also remain deeply committed to providing access to quality diagnostics in the 
underserved regions of the country. Towards that cause, we have launched a rural 
outreach program, which is now active in 7 states, and we have tested more than 
1,10,000 patients in these areas in the first quarter of this year. 

 
Page 3 of 20 
 
We have continued to widen our footprint with purpose. The incorporation of our 
wholly owned subsidiary in Dubai marks a considered first step in extending our 
diagnostic expertise outside India, building on our existing presence in Nepal and 
Bangladesh. 
In parallel, the broader healthcare ecosystem is expanding, with hospitals across 
the country adding new capacity and capability. This tailwind is opening up deeper 
integration, stronger clinical partnerships, and greater scope for super-specialised 
testing over time. 
Dr. Lal PathLabs is well placed to lead through this shift, and our continued 
investment in scientific leadership, R&D, digital infrastructure and service 
standards, is aimed squarely at capturing it responsibly for the long term. 
I will now hand over to Shankha Banerjee to take you through our operational and 
financial performance for the quarter. Over to you, Shankha. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Thank you, Dr. Lal, and good evening, everyone. I’m glad to be here today to 
review our operational performance and strategic milestones as we conclude the 
first quarter of financial year 2027. 
We have entered the new fiscal year with strong operational momentum, sustaining 
the resilient growth trajectory established in FY26. 
We achieved a revenue of Rs. 798 crore in Q1 FY27, registering a year-on-year 
growth of 19.1%. It is important to note that this revenue growth rate is the highest 
quarterly growth rate achieved in last 4 years. The revenue growth is mainly driven 
by Patient volumes which stood at 8.2 million with a growth of 8.2% and sample 
volumes which stood at 25.9 million with a growth of 10.7%.  
It is important to note that our performance continues to be driven by underlying 
organic business strength. Our execution strategy rests on three key pillars: 
1. Scientific Leadership: We have launched 116 new tests with 4 first in India 
tests in this quarter. Expanded advanced diagnostics through NGS Chimerism, 
Flow Cytometry MDS Assay, Perforin Assay, AI-enabled Histopathology, and 
81 specialized Genomics assays. 
2. Enhanced Patient Experience: We have launched a GenAI Patient Bot on 
WhatsApp - SwasthAI enabling conversational transactions. Delivered with 
journeys for Test Enquiry, Prescription Upload, Location Enquiry, and Report 

 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Access. It reduces booking friction, personalises interactions, and positions 
DLPL at the forefront of GenAI patient engagement. 
3. Operational Excellence: The sustained focus on operational excellence has 
resulted in Industry leading TAT on Whole Exome Sequencing to 15 days and 
an Express Whole Exome Sequencing in 10 days. Our routine testing portfolio 
of more than ~400 tests is now delivered in 3 hours for almost 90% of walk-in 
patients.   
We continue to leverage our Digital Infrastructure & AI tools to improve customer 
experience, optimize operations, and advance clinical capabilities in areas such as 
histopathology and cancer diagnostics. 
Looking ahead, we are well-positioned to maintain our targeted sustainable 
revenue growth over the medium term, backed by structural volume tailwinds, 
expanding diagnostic footprint, and enhanced focus on high-end specialized tests. 
We also retain a significant pricing headroom as a strategic lever going forward. 
I will now hand over the call to Ved to discuss the financial metrics for the quarter in 
more detail. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you, Shankha. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome. Thank you 
for joining us today. 
I will take you through the key financial highlights for the quarter ended 30th June 
2026. 
• 
Revenue for Q1 FY27 stood at Rs. 798 crore, compared to Rs. 670 crore in the 
same quarter last year, reflecting a strong growth of 19.1%. 
• 
Revenue per patient rose to Rs. 968, up 10% from Rs. 880 in Q1 last year, 
driven by a favourable change in the test and geography mix and increase in 
CGHS, ECHS prices. 
• 
Test per patient increased to 3.14, compared to 3.07 in the same period last 
year, highlighting continued traction in our Swasthfit portfolio. 
• 
EBITDA for the quarter came in at Rs. 247 crore, v/s Rs. 192 crore in Q1 FY26, 
with a growth of 28.7%, with EBITDA margin of 31.0%. 
• 
Profit before tax rose to Rs. 229 crore from Rs. 181 crore, up 26.3%, with a 
PBT margin of 28.7%. 

 
Page 5 of 20 
 
• 
Profit after tax stood at Rs. 170 crore, compared to Rs. 134 crore in Q1 FY26, 
delivering 27.2% growth with a PAT margin of 21.4%. 
• 
Earnings per share for Q1 FY27 came in at Rs. 10.1, up 27.8% from Rs. 7.9 in 
the corresponding quarter last year. 
• 
Our balance sheet continues to be strong and resilient, with net cash and 
equivalents of Rs. 1,693 crore as of June 30, 2026.  
• 
Now I would like to give you an update on 2 transactions which the board 
(Subsidiaries) has approved:  
o 
Acquisition of 80% equity stake in Sunshine Healthcare Limited, 
Ghana engaged in diagnostics business for a consideration not 
exceeding GHS 45.6 million. 
o 
Acquisition of 30% equity stake in Neuome Technologies Private 
Limited, engaged in innovative solutions in sample preservation and 
biobanking, for a consideration not exceeding Rs 3.5 Cr. This is in line 
with our focus on strengthening healthcare innovation. 
• 
Further, I am happy to share that the Board of Directors have declared an 
interim dividend of 50% (i.e. Rs 5 per share). 
We remain confident in our outlook and our ability to deliver sustainable and 
profitable growth, while continuing to uphold our commitment to providing reliable 
and high-quality diagnostics. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks, and I would now request the moderator 
to open the forum for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Amey Chalke from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Amey Chalke: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question and congrats to the management on the 
good set of numbers. Our first question on the revenue per sample and the 
revenue per patient growth, it is quite high this quarter. You mentioned in your 
remark that some of it is led by the hike in the CGHS prices. Is it possible to 
quantify how much portion of it would it be and should we assume that the growth 
will pick up for the entire year because of this? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, thanks for the question, Amey. The CGHS, ECHS price increase is now 
flowing through into the system. Our assessment is that it kind of is to the tune of 

 
Page 6 of 20 
 
between 2%-3% at an overall company level. And I think this benefit will continue 
for at least another 2-3 quarters. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And in terms of volume growth, this is second quarter we have maintained 
8% volume growth, once a slightly softer quarter. So, will this volume growth 
continue, or will it improve in the remaining of the year? What is our sense? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
At the beginning of the year, I think we had said that we are looking at a volume 
growth, which is patient volume, between 6%-7%. So Q1 has definitely comes 
slightly ahead in terms of the patient volume growth number. I think it is too early to 
comment because, we have also mentioned in the past that one quarter is not 
maybe the way to really judge the performance of the business because there 
could be some shifts between quarters which may happen. I think once we are 
through Q2 as well, when we have done half the year, we might be in a better 
position to talk about what the outlook for the year could be more comfortably. 
Amey Chalke: 
Sure. And just last question if I can squeeze in. So, we were talking about general 
price hike for second half of this year. Because of this now the CGHS contribution 
is helping us, so should we assume that this price hike will be delayed now? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Amey, I think price increase is something for us it is a strategic lever. So, it 
depends on multiple factors, including how the pricing table of the competition is 
moving as well as are there any cost pressures etc., that need to be looked at. 
So right now, we had anyway indicated that, we would be thinking about something 
related to price only towards the end of the year. But I think somewhere there is 
when we will reassess whether a pricing change is required or not. As of now, we 
were anyway not thinking about a price increase in the first half of the year. So, I 
think we will look at it once the first half of the year is over. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Tausif Shaikh from BNP Paribas. Please go 
ahead. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of 
numbers. In your opening remarks, Dr. Lal has said that a rural program has 
started in 7 states. Can you just throw some light on the program and also the 
patient volume growth of 8%, is it fair to assume the large part of volume growth 
would be coming from Tier 2 cities of North India? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The rural outreach program is a drive that we have taken, it is kind of an initiative 
where we are looking at NCD or the non-communicable disease burden is not only 
there in the urban part of the country, but we assess is maybe there in the rural 

 
Page 7 of 20 
 
part of the country. So, this drive is more of a health initiative for the rural people, 
and we have actually started this few quarters back and right now I think we are 
talking about it because it has reached some level of scale. Now in terms of the 
overall patient volume growth, the patient volume growth we are seeing is across 
the geography. It is not restricted to one geography. 
Tausif Shaikh: 
That is helpful. Just last question, do you maintain your guidance of mid-teens 
revenue growth and EBITDA margin of 27% to 28% for this fiscal after strong start? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Like I was mentioning to the previous question that the first quarter results have 
come slightly ahead of our expectations and we will have more positive way of 
giving a forecast or a change in forecast after the first half of the year is over. But 
having said that, looking at what how we have moved in first quarter, chances are 
we might be more towards mid-teens rather than early teens. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Yogesh Soni from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Yogesh Soni: 
Yes. Thank you, for the opportunity. First thing is I wanted to understand on the 
Swasthfit. So, what I understand is that Swasthfit has been growing at a healthy 
rate, around high teens to near 20%. So, do we expect SwasthFit to continue to 
sustain this high teens kind of a growth going forward ahead as well? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Even this quarter our Swasthfit growth has been kind of in the 20% range as well. I 
think we are definitely looking at sustaining this growth at this level. That is the 
idea. And what we are seeing is that we are seeing traction of Swasthfit even in our 
Tier 2 and Tier 3 geography. It is getting much more wider acceptance and, 
therefore we believe that this growth rate we should be able to sustain for some 
more time. 
Yogesh Soni: 
And just to add on to what you said, I mean, your rural outreach program, is that 
also expected to elevate the Swasthfit growth? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The rural outreach program is not driven by Swasthfit. It is a different program. It is 
a much more affordable rural kind of a package as compared to SwasthFit. So 
there the objective is, like I said, it is more about, trying to see how we can serve 
the rural population, identify what kind of non-communicable diseases are 
prevalent there and then later on see how that part of the population can also get 
the benefit of good quality testing to identify their conditions. It is not Swasthfit 
there.  

 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Yogesh Soni: 
Okay. Understood, And second question, wanted to understand how are we 
tracking on the genomics and radiology front? I mean, whether the contribution 
from these segments have reached near high single digit or are we at a lower 
revenue contribution? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
We do not really talk about genomics separately, in terms of the contributions, but 
suffice to say that we are focused on genomics given that it has quite a lot of 
application in the newer emerging cancer diagnostics and even some of the other 
diagnostic areas. Therefore, we are kind of focused on that portfolio. But in terms 
of contribution it is not moving significantly. It is still less than 5% of our portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Anshul Agarwal from Emkay Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Anshul Agrawal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. First question is on the increase in realizations. 
Just wanted to understand this better. What kind of contribution would be coming 
from this favorable geographic or favorable test mix? I understand CGHS rate 
hikes has resulted into 2% to 3% realization hike. But the other components, what 
could be the contribution if you could just throw some light here? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think Ved mentioned in the opening remarks, it is a mix of the test and geography. 
Now, different portfolios are there, the contribution mix from different geographies 
like for example we say Delhi NCR for us is a higher, realization geography. So, 
the performance in Delhi NCR contributes to better realization. 
Likewise, when you look at the overall geography mix, now each individual item will 
be very difficult for us to say because our pricing is different in different 
geographies, geographic clusters. If you take out the CGHS, ECHS pricing benefit 
of 2% to 3%, the rest is because of the test and geography mix. 
Anshul Agarwal: 
Okay. So, I can sort of deduce that, you know, Delhi or the core NCR region would 
have grown in line or slightly better than what the overall portfolio has done? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Our idea has always been to grow Delhi NCR in line double digit and as near to the 
overall revenue as possible and we are still able to achieve that. 
Anshul Agarwal: 
Great. Second question is on the acquisitions that we have made in the current 
quarter. First on Neuome Technologies, is this, if I understand this correctly, is this 
sort of venturing into allied healthcare services or will this investment be used for 
internal consumption or a backward integration kind of purposes? 

 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Neuome Technologies is a startup which is working on quite some interesting 
innovative possibilities within the diagnostic supply chain. And we see if some of 
these fructify, they have huge operational benefit that can accrue to the business, 
and I think we will jointly be working with the teams there to make some of these 
things successful. It is not about foraying into something new, but lot of it will be 
direct benefit in our operational business. 
Anshul Agarwal: 
Got it. And one question on the other acquisition. What percentage of the overall 
revenue is being contributed by international business currently, and any plans or 
any target for this business to sort of contribute say high single digit revenue to the 
overall revenues, say three to four years out, five years out? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
International is a slightly longer wavelength project for us. And these are steps that 
we are taking today does not necessarily mean that the contribution from these 
markets or international is going to change significantly in the near term. But the 
idea is yes, over a slightly longer-term horizon, we should be able to increase the 
contribution from international. As of now, we have not set ourselves any target like 
that because we still need to learn a lot about running the international operations, 
fine-tuning it, settling it down. 
I think once we get those things done and we understand the dynamics of running, 
more international geographies which are not really in the Indian subcontinent, we 
may be thinking about a plan of really putting forward numbers on how we would 
like the contribution to look like 4-5 years down the line. 
Anshul Agarwal: 
Got it. Just one last question if I can squeeze in. Any guidance on the number of 
lab additions that we plan to do for the current year? Will it continue just like last 
year? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, it is going to be more like last year. We are looking at between 12-15 labs to 
be added this year as well. 
Anshul Agarwal: 
Great. And anything on the radiology front? Would we look to add more centers? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
There are a few centers that we are looking at to add in Delhi NCR, and we may 
also try and pilot one or two centers outside of Delhi NCR into Tier 2 towns to see 
how that business model shapes up. It could be maybe three to four centers this 
year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prakash Kapadia from Kapadia Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes. Hello. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I really appreciate the growth 
trajectory which has come all the efforts which we have been taking have fructified 
and hope this becomes a structurally high growth company as we have always 
hoped for. So, congrats to the team finally all the efforts are showing. A couple of 
questions from my end. In West India, how has been the performance if you could  
give some insights because we had a low base earlier, there were integration 
issues. So how is West India shaping up? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Right. Prakash, I think the good news is post the integration, the LIMS integration 
that we did, whole digital thing, I think for this quarter also we are seeing our 
traction improving. It is the Suburban business specifically, which is the main driver 
of our West portfolio right now, is really turning around and on trajectory, it is very 
close double digits actually right now in terms of growth. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
And that should continue, right? Worst seems to be behind us. So, on the growth 
front, should not that be slightly higher in growth than average? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
No, you are right. I mean, that is exactly the plan, that this quarter also we have 
started, rather last quarter itself we had started now investing into newer stores, 
newer radiology centres, and collection network through the Suburban brand. And 
we are quite hopeful that in the coming quarters this trajectory should start moving 
up further. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Saion Mukherjee from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Yes, thanks and good evening. You mentioned one pillar of growth, which is these 
new tests which you are introducing, some of them are first in India or even in Asia. 
I just wanted to understand the, you know, kind of market opportunity these new 
tests provide and are you developing these in-house or you partner through 
business development efforts with other companies abroad? If you can just talk 
about the dynamics there and given India’s demographics, what is the kind of 
addressable market size all these new tests can have? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Saion, the pillar that I talked about was not really new tests. The pillar that I talked 
about was scientific excellence. Now, one of the factors around scientific 
excellence and specifically in the clinician community is the ability to solve 
complicated cases and ability to really be able to do highly complex testing. So, the 
company which helps solve complicated cases also is a natural choice for all the 
other testing that might be emanating from that institution or for that clinician 
specialist. 

 
Page 11 of 20 
 
The way that we track the results are not for the new tests that are getting 
launched because they may be far and few in between, but it is about our ability to 
really convert more clinicians or get more clinicians to look at Dr Lal PathLabs as 
their diagnostic provider, and therefore their share of business accrues to the 
company. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Understood. And so, these tests are developed by you in-house or they are, you 
know, kind of in partnership with other companies? How does that dynamic work? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I think there are both kinds, but right now a lot of this is in partnership, including 
international partnerships. 
Saion Mukherjee: 
Okay, great. Thank you. And just one question, I think you talk about it for the 
international foray, currently the contribution is not significant, right? And it may not 
increase meaningfully at least in the next 3-4 years. Will that be a right 
assessment? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, so the contribution is less than 5%, and I would say at least in the next five 
years, it significantly going beyond that number in terms of contribution. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. Please go 
ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Just the first one on the increase 
in the revenue per patient. Just trying to dissect again. I thought in your remarks 
you said geographic mix, test mix, and CGHS you obviously called out at between 
2% and 3%. I just noticed that the Swasthfit contribution Y-o-Y has not changed. 
So, when you mean test mix, what would that mean? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
We have portfolio of specialized tests. We have other tests also which are high 
realization. So, the SwasthFit contribution remains the same because it has grown 
similar, so it has also grown at around 20% and overall revenue also grown around 
19%. So, therefore contribution has not changed. 
Swasthfit growth is still quite strong. But the contribution has not changed. So that 
is the reason why you see Swasthfit contribution not changing, but the Swasthfit 
growth is still quite good. And the other part of the portfolio, high realization 
portfolios are also growing. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Shankha, historically Swasthfit was growing, and this is one quarter where 
that is not so the case. So, I was just trying to understand which are these 

 
Page 12 of 20 
 
additional tests outside of Swasthfit look like? Is it B2B tests you are saying that we 
have seen higher realizations or mix has moved to some of those? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
I do not think we are commenting on a test level performance here, but what I can 
say is that we have a specialized test portfolio which has higher realizations and 
even that portfolio has done well. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. Yes. Very helpful. Second question, this is on this reclassification of I think 
costs between the different line items, right? I think footnote 15. So, some Rs. 8 
crore has changed. So just want to understand between fee, collection fees I think, 
other expenses, and even in employee expenses there has been some change. Is 
it historical? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
It is reclassification. There are costs related to logistics & courier which has been 
reclassified from manpower personal cost to other logistics cost, which is part of 
other costs. There is no reclassification in fees to collection center and all. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Understood. When we now look at employee as a percentage of revenue, the 
number is 16.6%. Historically this number used to be 18%-19%. So, this is a 
structural change, right?  
Ved Prakash Goel: 
No. Like-to-like last quarter also we have reclassified. Because we have higher 
revenue, so this percentage is looking low. But as such there is no change 
otherwise. It is a like-to-like where from previous quarter as well as this quarter we 
have reclassified some expenses. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead.   
Rahul Jeewani: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a very strong set of 
numbers. Now, if we see for the entire diagnostics industry, we have seen a growth 
acceleration for past two quarters, so including your peers and yourself, there has 
been some sort of a growth acceleration in fourth quarter and Q1 of this year. 
Now, part of the reason which you pointed was CGHS price increases to the tune 
of let us say 3%, but apart from CGHS increases, has there been any structural 
change in the industry which is let us say now aiding the growth profile for all the 
diagnostic companies at least for the past two quarters? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
No, that is an interesting call out and you are right even when we look at our 
numbers, the growth is structural, it is coming from all the geographies that we 
have. One thing is obviously like we said about CGHS, I think any other underlying 
thing, I think we got to wait for a few more quarters to get more clarity in terms of 

 
Page 13 of 20 
 
the numbers at a test level, client level, etc. before we can decipher, because there 
is no other differential trigger that we have been able to identify as of now. But the 
growth is from all around. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Sure. And let us say our patient volume growth, which two quarters back was 
hovering around 5.5% to 6% kind of a number and right now we are at 8%. Let us 
say of this incremental growth on the patient volume side, can you call out the 
levers which has led to this acceleration? You obviously talked about Suburban 
adding a larger number of radiology centers. So, is that contributing to your patient 
volume growth acceleration? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
You see, right now I would not jump to that conclusion. The reason is in Q2 or Q3 
of last year when we were doing the calls and the conversation, one of the reasons 
why the patient growth numbers were low was also to do with the fever season and 
I think we had spoken about that. So, I think we need the cycle to run through 
quarters for us to say that it has really caught on because we have not yet entered 
fever season this time round. So once Q2, Q3 is done, is when I think there will be 
more clarity on the patient volume growth number, how is it kind of panning out for 
the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudharshan. 
Sudharshan: 
Yes. First of all, congrats on a good set of results. So just coming back to the 
CGHS price hike, I understand that the top line kind of benefited from this, but in 
terms of margins, should we also kind of factor in because your cost would broadly 
be remaining similar on the fixed part? So, was there some benefit on the margin 
side as well coming in from the higher price realization at CGHS and will that also 
kind of continue for the next 2-3 quarters? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes. So, there will be a pass-through because of the higher realization there will be 
a pass-through to the margin level and one should see that for maybe one or two 
quarters more. 
Sudharshan: 
And then the subsequent question is, will you kind of then upgrade your guidance 
in terms of 27% to 28% margins or will that be reinvested into the business at the 
end of the year? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So the idea always is to reinvest for future growth. That is the dominant idea. And I 
think the decisions will be clearer as we go through Quarter 2 because that will give 
us more visibility on where the annual number could potentially land and therefore 
if there are any additional investments etc. to be made in the business at that point 

 
Page 14 of 20 
 
of time. As of now, we will be looking at Q2 more closely before any of those 
decisions can be taken. But primarily we would be leaning towards investing more 
back into the business for growth. 
Sudharshan: 
Got it. And lastly, in terms of, you know, sustainability of your improvement of test 
mix or geography mix, I understand we are kind of doing more complex work on 
scientific excellence etc., but this can sustain over the medium term in terms of 
driving better realizations? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, there is a test and a geography mix both. Even besides that if routine tests we 
sell more in markets, where our realizations are higher, even that contributes to the 
geography benefit. So therefore, the realization per patient we assume that still has 
some legs because right now Swasthfit contribution has flattened v/s last year 
because overall growth and Swasthfit growth is similar. 
But there are other levers, specialized tests is a lever, high realization geographies 
are a lever. So, the realization improvement story is likely to stay at least in the 
next few quarters for sure and then we will see what else or how can it pan out for 
future that we will be able to look at maybe towards the end of the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Parth Sodha from Trinetra Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Parth Sodha: 
My question is on the utilizations and the new network addition in Q1? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
What do you mean by utilization? 
Parth Sodha: 
Like how many of our instruments in the labs are utilized right now? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, I am not too sure I got your question. Are you talking about capacity utilization? 
Parth Sodha: 
Yes. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Right. So, I do not think these are numbers that we kind of talk about specifically in 
pathology because capacity is really not a constraint ever. So, these are not really 
numbers we talk about or discuss. And on the second question, which is about 
network expansion, what was the second? 
Parth Sodha: 
Network additions. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, the network addition numbers is something we share once in a year. But like 
we answered one of the previous questions that this year also there is a plan to 
add between 12 to 15 labs. 

 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abdul Puranwala: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. So firstly, just again on understanding your 
revenue growth and specifically your sample growth. So, just understanding how 
the season would have, you know, been one of the factors as compared to last 
year and, you know, how would that be influencing your test mix for the quarter as 
compared to what you were seeing last year? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, quarter 1 definitely has seen a very different kind of a weather pattern than 
maybe what we are normally used to in quarter 1. We have seen a more heat, 
maybe some off shower sometime. It has been a very different weather pattern this 
quarter. However, what we do not know is whether and what is the impact of that 
on diagnostic testing. So, like I was mentioning earlier that once we are through 
quarter 2 that is when we can maybe ascertain that was there any shift between 
the quarters or not. As of now, I do not think we have a very strong view on that. 
But one thing is there that the weather pattern we saw this quarter has been very 
different from last year. 
Abdul Puranwala: 
Understood. And secondly, on the cost part. If I look at your material cost, so 
despite the realization improvement, you know, we are seeing your gross margin 
still at close to 81%. How should we read this and anything to read on, you know, 
the cost escalation which would have happened because of geopolitical issues 
here? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So, I think as of now we are able to maintain our cost, last call I mentioned that we 
have stepped up our purchases or inventory. So, there is not much impact on that 
account. But yes, having said that, if this continues then obviously movement in 
currency and overall inflation may impact our material cost because we use most of 
the imported material for testing. But as of now there is not much impact on that. 
Abdul Puranwala: 
Okay. And anything to read on the realization improvement v/s not much of an 
impact on your gross margins? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, the realization improvement like we mentioned that one part of that is what we 
are seeing as the pass-through of CGHS and ECHS pricing. But the rest, which is 
to do with let us say test mix, now higher realization tests also have a higher 
COGS. Therefore, I would not kind of read too much to say that if realization is 
improving, therefore naturally the material cost as a percentage will start going 
down. I think we have one of the better gross margins and I do not think we would 
be looking at saying that this will significantly improve going forward. 

 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
And you see, while you are looking as a percentage, if you see test per patient is 
going up. Now this time we have a test per patient 3.14 which is last year same 
quarter it was 3.07. So, test per patient is also improving and maybe compensated 
through that also some bit. 
Abdul Puranwala: 
Understood. Anything on our margin guidance? Earlier we talked about 27%-28%. 
You know, how are we looking at the margins for the full year now after the stellar 
performance in Q1? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
So again, as Shankha also mentioned earlier that of course this flow through is 
because of this price increase will come, but idea is to invest back into the 
business, and we will be in a better position after maybe Q2 whether it is panning 
out or we will change our guidance on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sumit Gupta from Antique. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Yes. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of 
results. First, how is the B2C segment performed this quarter? What was the 
realization growth? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
B2C contribution for us has been in the range of 75% and even this quarter it is in a 
similar ratio.  
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. So, like we can expect this trend to continue, or can we expect this to 
improve? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The mix of B2C and B2B at 75 : 25 is a mix which we believe is a good mix. There 
is benefit of both these channels for us and we would be quite happy to keep 
growing both these channels to ensure that we are able to retain this mix also 
going forward. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Sure. And second is on the Suburban. Like you mentioned there was a double-digit 
growth in Suburban. So, with respect to profitability, has it improved over the last 1-
1.5 years? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, we are not calculating Suburban profitability separately because the back end 
has been merged post the liquidation, voluntary liquidation of Suburban, the 
integration of all our back end structures has happened. So, there is an 
interoperability between both the brands in that geography. We are not separately 
calculating profitability for Suburban now. 

 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sumit Gupta: 
Okay. And the lastly on the structural point of view from the industry. So like with 
respect to hospital-based labs, are you facing any competition or has it abated? Or 
are you gaining market share from really the standalone industry? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, there is no industry-level data for us to pick out. Is it a shift of market share 
from one type of competitor or another type of competitor. I think one thing that we 
can say for sure is that we are seeing a broad-based improvement in terms of the 
growth in this quarter. 
And competition in the industry has always been intense and is likely to stay 
intense. If one part of the sector we think maybe reducing intensity, there will be 
another part of the sector which will increase intensity. I do not think any of us are 
banking on competitive intensity reducing in this industry. 
Sumit Gupta: 
Understood. So basically, I was like trying to understand that it is the diagnostic 
chains and the hospital-based labs which will grow in tandem and take market 
share from the standalone labs or how should we look forward like over the next 5 
years, 10 years, how the industry is shaping up? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, I think as a long-term trend, definitely there will be shift from unorganized to 
organized, but that is a slightly slow shift given that there are still low entry barriers 
and therefore, at the bottom end there could still be smaller labs entering the fray. 
And since the overall size of the pie is also increasing, they will have some way to 
kind of gain profitability even at a lower scale. But yes, structurally it is shifting and 
will continue to shift from the unorganized to organized. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Akash Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Akash Shah: 
Good evening, and congratulations on the good set of numbers. Just two 
questions. When you say that your Swasthfit has improved by 20% and also your 
overall revenues have improved by 19%, should we read that as the percentage of 
specialized tests improving and whether it is structural or not? And second, how do 
you see the overall competitive scenario on the price front? Thank you. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
If we look at Swasthfit, which is 27% of our revenues, and look at the balance 73%, 
all the 73% is not specialized portfolio. Even that portfolio has routine tests 
because Swasthfit is a bundle. There are still tests which get sold outside of the 
bundle. It is not as if all of the other growth is only in the specialized area. Even the 
routine business in geographies has grown for us. 

 
Page 18 of 20 
 
In terms of your question on the competitive intensity or pricing, I think we are not 
seeing structurally any price change maybe in between the last few quarters. So, 
that remains neither has it become too favorable, if you look at the last few 
quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Surya Narayan Patra from Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My first question is on the patient volume 
growth what we are seeing whether anything to read from the rural-urban mix that 
you would be having? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
Yes, so the patient volume this quarter there is no rural-urban divide like I 
mentioned in one of the previous questions. We are seeing a kind of an overall 
across geography kind of a good growth. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. In terms of your network, is it possible to kind of have a sense what is the 
mix between the rural and urban? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
You mean labs? 
Surya Narayan Patra: Yes. 
Shankha Banerjee: 
We have disclosed in our annual results in the last quarter that the Tier 3, Tier 4, I 
mean, I do not know what you really mean by rural, but we are talking let us say 
Tier 3 and below. So, Tier 3 and below has is about 39% of our revenue in the last 
financial year. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. My second question is about the CGHS price rise what we are witnessing. 
So, it is across the test portfolio, or it is for some selective or specific area and 
hence it would be different for different players in terms of the benefit so far as 
CGHS price rise is concerned? How should we understand that? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
CGHS has released a price increase, which is a common price list for the country. 
It is not different by different area, except I think they have a certain price cut by a 
different type of geography that they have done. But it is applied similarly across 
the country. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. I just wanted to understand your experience about the Sovaaka initiatives, 
and how is that helping us in any manner? 
Surya Narayan Patra: So Sovaaka is a venture which is a high-end premium diagnostics-driven wellness 
portfolio. So, it is a completely new concept. And I think I had even mentioned it 

 
Page 19 of 20 
 
earlier that our endeavor right now is to look at the first center that we have 
launched, stabilize it, fine-tune it, understand the business growth model, how we 
are going to drive it. 
I think once that model becomes fully established is when we will think about a 
scale-up and it becoming any significant part of the business. As of now, it is more 
kind of implementation phase. So, we are still on the learning path on that. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. Just last one piece from my side, about your inorganic growth plans. In the 
previous quarter that you had mentioned about inorganic growth possibility in the 
Dubai region by creating a 100% subsidiary and all that. So that was one. And this 
quarter we are seeing your entry into the African market. So, are we becoming bit 
aggressive about creating our international presence generally, or it is for some 
specific reason or any thought process about the international growth, inorganic 
growth plan? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
The international business growth for us is a slightly longer-term plan which we are 
seeing should play out in the 3-5 year horizon. So, these are steps that are being 
taken to ensure that our understanding in these markets that we are focusing on, 
which is Africa, some parts of Middle East and CIS and Southeast Asia, that how 
can we run local businesses, those things are where we are going to focus on in 
the near term so that maybe we can then build it more in the future. 
Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. So, for the time being is it fair to believe that, let us say even if any focus or 
any interest that would be there, that is in the area of GCC and Africa? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So right now, the focus areas for us is Africa, Middle East, CIS, and Southeast 
Asia. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Mohammed Patel from Edelweiss Public Alternatives. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohammed Patel: 
We are sitting on approximately Rs. 1,700 crore of cash. So, I wanted to 
understand how are we going to utilize this cash and what are your overall 
thoughts on capital allocation? 
Shankha Banerjee: 
So, one of the major utilization of cash as we see going forward would be for 
M&As. We have said that if we look geographically also within India, there are parts 
of the country where we have low presence in markets of west & south. So, we are 
looking at possibilities of getting a play which could be slightly larger asset in a 
given city. 

 
Page 20 of 20 
 
So, primarily that is where the cash utilization will happen mostly on M&As. And 
secondly would be around some of the high-end radiology centers that we are 
slowly rolling out, whether it is in Delhi NCR and other Tier 2 markets in North, that 
is also a bit of capex that we put in besides our maintenance annual capex that we 
do. 
Mohammed Patel: 
What should be the capex number for this year and next year? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
We touch roughly about Rs. 140 crore to Rs. 150 crore. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management team for closing comments. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you all for joining us this call today and for your continued trust and support. 
We hope we have been able to address your questions satisfactorily. Should you 
have any further queries, please feel free to reach out to us. Thank you once again 
and have a good evening. Thank you. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although 
an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
 
