 
 
 
SOBHA LIMITED 
Regd & Corporate Office: SOBHA Limited, Sarjapur - Marathahalli, Outer Ring Road (ORR), Devarabisanahalli, Bellandur Post, Bengaluru - 560103, Karnataka, India. 
CIN: L45201KA1995PLC018475 | Tel: +91 80 49320000 | www.sobha.com | Email: investors@sobha.com 
    Date: July 27, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
PJ Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532784 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: SOBHA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam(s), 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Meeting with Analysts/ Institutional Investors 
 
In continuation of our letter dated July 15, 2026, please find enclosed herewith the 
transcript of the conference call held on Tuesday, the 21st day of July 2026 with the 
Analysts/ Institutional Investors to brief on the Operational and Financial performance of 
the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
We request you to take the aforesaid information on record in terms of Regulation 30 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the same 
is available on the website of the Company. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
FOR SOBHA LIMITED 
 
 
 
Bijan Kumar Dash 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. ACS 17222 
 
Bijan Kumar 
Dash
Digitally signed by 
Bijan Kumar Dash 
Date: 2026.07.27 
14:36:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
  
 
“SOBHA Limited 
Q1 FY ’27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
   
   
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAGADISH NANGINENI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SOBHA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. YOGESH BANSAL: – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SOBHA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. ADHIDEV CHATTOPADHYAY – ICICI SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to SOBHA Limited Q1 FY ’27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Yes. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the SOBHA 
Limited Q1 FY ’27 Results Call today. As always, from the management, we have with us Mr. Jagadish 
Nangineni, the Managing Director; and Mr. Yogesh Bansal, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over to you. 
Thank you. 
Jagadish Nangineni: Thank you, Adhidev. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on 
this Q1 FY ’27 earnings call. I thank all the investors, analysts, and stakeholders for taking time to be 
with us today. Our operational update was earlier shared in the month, and the detailed investor 
presentation is available on our website. Today, I’ll briefly cover the key business and operational 
highlights for the quarter. And our CFO, Mr. Yogesh Bansal, will walk you through the financial 
performance in greater detail. 
 
I’m pleased to share that Q1 FY ’27 has been a landmark quarter for SOBHA in terms of sales. 
We achieved our highest ever quarterly real estate sales, recording sales value of INR3,656 crores, 
representing 76% increase year-on-year. We sold 2.34 million square feet across 1,432 homes with an 
average realization of INR15,655 per square feet, reflecting the strength of our product portfolio and 
brand. Bangalore once again emerged as our strongest market, contributing 57% of the quarterly sales 
of about INR2,067 crores, driven by good response to our launches of SOBHA One World and Sacred 
Grove, a plotted development. 
 
The NCR region also delivered its highest ever quarterly sales with a sale value of about INR1,384 
crores, mainly driven by a successful launch of SOBHA Crescent in Gurgaon, reaffirming our strategy 
of expanding in high-growth micro markets. Together, these launches significantly contributed to our 
record quarterly performance. In SOBHA One World, out of the overall 3,484 homes across 47.4 acres, 
we released 3.4 million square feet. And out of the released, we could sell about 40% at the launch. 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
In SOBHA Crescent, we sold about 60% in Q1 FY ’27. During the quarter, we launched 3 new 
projects across Bangalore and Gurgaon with a combined saleable area of 6.89 million square feet and a 
potential sale value of about INR10,000 crores. These launches further strengthen our development 
pipeline and provide strong visibility for future growth. Execution continued to remain our core strength. 
 
During the quarter, we completed 677 homes covering 1.08 million square feet across multiple 
projects. Consistent project delivery remains central to our business model and enables faster revenue 
recognition while reinforcing customer confidence in the SOBHA brand. We plan to complete about 6 
to 6.5 million square feet for FY ’27 as against last year’s completion of about 5.4 million square feet, 
which can be about 20% higher. Our development portfolio continues to provide strong long-term 
growth visibility. 
 
We currently have a forthcoming launch pipeline of about 20.77 million square feet across 17 
projects. Of this, we are confident of launching 9 projects, aggregating approximately 8.2 million square 
feet during the remaining period of FY ’27. So, the planned launches comprise 4 projects in Bangalore, 
about 3 million square feet, 2 projects in NCR, about 2 million square feet, 1 project in Hyderabad, 
which is about 1.7 million square feet and 2 projects in Kerala, at about 1.5 million square feet. This 
pipeline provides us with confidence in sustaining the growth momentum over the medium term. 
 
As end of Q1 FY ’27, we also have 14.94 million square feet of unsold inventory. Both put 
together, the forthcoming launch pipeline and our current unsold inventory, we have a strong visibility 
of inventory to be sold in the coming quarters and the years. 
 
We envisage our net debt to be at about 0 level for this year. Another important strength of our 
business continues to be our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with a net cash position of about 
INR659 crores, while maintaining a low leverage, low borrowing cost of about 7.62%. Our operational 
cash inflow remained quite healthy at INR1,924 crores despite higher investments in land acquisition 
and project expansion. This financial strength gives us flexibility to continue investing in future growth 
while maintaining a prudent capital allocation strategy. 
 
On the financial performance front, we reported a total income of INR1,330 crores, representing 
a growth of nearly 48% year-on-year. The remaining P&L details will be covered by our CFO. Our 
future earnings visibility continues to be very strong. As end of this quarter, the company has INR20,553 
crores of revenue yet to be recognized from the sales that have already been done. We would see margin 
expansion as we complete the projects that we have sold from FY ’23. 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Our backward integrated operating model continues to differentiate SOBHA in the market. 
During the quarter, our other businesses generated revenue of about INR170 crores, and we have a good 
order book visibility for those businesses. Our commercial rental has a total income of about INR23 
crores. In the steady-state run rate, we expect, in this financial year also to be similar to last financial 
year in terms of revenue for the other businesses. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain quite optimistic about the new launch pipeline that we have. And we 
see a good customer demand for our products, and we believe the company is well positioned to sustain 
this growth momentum and deliver long-term value. 
 
With that, I would like to hand over our call to our CFO, Mr. Yogesh Bansal, who will take you 
through the financial performance in greater detail. 
Yogesh Bansal: Good evening, everyone. Q1 FY ’27 quarter reflects improved revenue and 
profitability, healthy operating cash generation, and continued strength in our balance sheet with a net 
cash position. So, our total operational cash inflow during the quarter increased by 8.2% year-on-year 
basis to INR1,924 crores. Real estate collections stood at INR1,756 crores compared with INR1,599 
crores in Q1 FY ’26. Collections from contractual and manufacturing businesses stood at INR168 crores. 
Total net operation cash flow we generated INR312 crores. 
 
During the quarter, project-related expenditure increased in line with increase in construction 
activity. We also incurred higher sales and marketing expenditure in line with increased sales and new 
project launches. The company generated cash flow of INR290 crores. During the quarter, we invested 
approximately INR370 crores in land and approximately INR70 crores in capex. 
 
The quarter recorded an overall net cash outflow of INR149 crores. This net cash outflow was 
primarily attributable to planned investment in land and future development opportunities. These 
investments were undertaken while retaining a strong liquidity position and a net cash balance sheet. 
 
Coming to P&L front, total income for Q1 FY ’27 stood at INR1,330 crores, representing an 
increase of approximately 48% year-on-year. Real estate revenue increased by approximately 60% to 
INR1,107 crores compared with INR690 crores in Q1 FY ’26. Revenue from the contractual 
manufacturing and retail business stood at INR171 crores compared with INR162 crores in 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. Profit after tax stood at INR50.7 crores compared with 
INR13.5 crores in Q1 FY ’26. 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
The improvement in profitability was boosted by higher real estate revenue recognition and 
improved revenue mix and continued financial discipline. During the quarter, our residential real estate 
contributed revenue of INR63 crores from the delivery of 1.24 million square feet, comprising 819 
homes, reflecting our continued focus on timely project execution and delivery. Our balance sheet 
continued to be a key source of strength. As on 30th June 2026, gross debt stood at INR1,110 crores, 
while cash and cash equivalents stood at INR1,769 crores. 
 
Our net debt ratio stood at negative 0.14 and our average borrowing cost is 7.62%. Our strong 
cash position, low leverage and competitive borrowing costs provide us with the flexibility to fund 
construction, land acquisition and pursue growth opportunity without compromising financial 
discipline. 
 
We have projected receivable from sale and unsold value approximately INR31,000 crores. 
Against this, the estimated remaining cost to be incurred is INR19,000 crores, resulting in projected 
margin cash flow of INR12,000 crores from completed and ongoing projects. Together, these figures 
provide substantial visibility for future collection and cash generation and give us additional headroom 
to invest in future growth. 
 
For FY ’27, our financial priorities remain focused on maintaining a strong and liquid balance 
sheet, improved collection and operating cash generation and discipline in capital allocation. We remain 
well positioned to support sustainable business growth. Thank you once again for joining us today. 
 
With that, we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Girish Choudhary from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead.  
Girish Choudhary: Congratulations on the strong presales. I mean, firstly, if you -- obviously, you 
have had a strong start to the year. So, if you could just give us the presales growth or the booking value 
you’re targeting for fiscal ’27? And as a follow-up, you mentioned about 8 million square feet of 
launches for the remaining 9 months. So, if you could give the GDV and also the timelines and the key 
projects, which we should look forward to? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Thank you, Girish. The last quarter, I mean, like end of the financial year, so we 
have guided for at least 30% growth in the presales. That I think we should be able to continue to achieve. 
And if all the launches happen within time, probably we can do slightly better than that. But as of now, 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 6 of 13 
 
I think we continue to aim for that in terms of presales. Now coming to the exact timing of these 
remaining project launches of about 8.2 million square feet, like in the opening comments I have given, 
those most -- all these about 9 projects, we would be able to do it within the next 9 months. 
 
So most of them would be -- I mean, this quarter would be about 3 projects and which are a couple 
of projects in Kerala and plotted development in Bangalore and probably a small 0.4 million square feet 
project in Bangalore. But other than that, the remaining projects would be coming in Q3 and Q4. 
Girish Choudhary: Got it. That’s useful. And secondly, what we noticed also collections were 
relatively modest considering the presales. So, was this primarily a timing issue because a large part of 
sales came towards the end of quarter? And should we expect a material improvement from this quarter 
onwards? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes, that’s right. What you mentioned was right. One is the collections from new 
sales have come towards the end of the quarter. And hence, I mean, there is more collection that would 
be coming from these new sales, but part of the collections only have come in this Q1. Second is 
typically, our milestone billing collections this time were relatively lower because some of the 
milestones we could not achieve due to labor shortage in -- mainly in April and May. 
 
And hence, the billing, corresponding billing could not happen. And hence, there is a small 
shortfall there also. Otherwise, in general, things seem to be good in terms of overall cash flow visibility. 
Girish Choudhary: Okay. So, we are on target to do the INR2,000 crores, I think, which was guided 
in the past, for the year? 
Jagadish Nangineni: INR2,000 crores of operating cash flow? 
Girish Choudhary: Yes, yes. 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. I mean that is on an average for the next few years, if you take an aggregate 
level of what is the marginal cash flow. But we should, as we grow, we should be able to do, we should 
be able to touch that number. 
Girish Choudhary: Yes. Lastly, if I may, on the land payments, we have seen around INR370 crores 
during the quarter, higher than the normal run rate. So if you could explain, I mean, for fiscal ’27 and 
’28, what are the commitments, and then from a business development point of view, what are you 
seeing? 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. I mean, this quarter, in addition to our current -- I mean, normal 
commitments of the existing land, we have invested in couple of new lands. One small land we have 
bought in Mumbai, and we have invested in a new opportunity in Greater Noida. So put together, these 
are the 2 new ones. Otherwise, the rest are towards commitments of the future forthcoming projects that 
we have already declared. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. 
Puneet Gulati: My first question is one with respect to your disclosures on the forthcoming project, 
where you talk about potential sales value of INR295 billion. And versus that, the margin that you talk 
about in Slide 15 is INR68.3 billion. This is a lot lower than what you had in the previous presentation 
at close to INR86 billion of margin and a smaller saleable value for forthcoming project. What is the 
change here? 
Jagadish Nangineni: You’re right, Puneet. So, the main difference for the new forthcoming majority -
- I mean, the mix of the projects, a greater mix is towards joint development. And hence, that’s the 
marginal cash flow, you would have seen reduction. Second is earlier in this marginal cash flow for 
forthcoming projects, we had Hoskote and Hoskote as one of the main projects, which had, which was 
our own land and hence, the marginal cash flow was much higher. 
Puneet Gulati: Okay. So, the GDV that you state is basically including the landowner share? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. This is the gross value of the all the projects -- of the entire project. 
Puneet Gulati: Okay. That’s fine. And secondly, while you talked about potential 2 acquisitions this 
quarter, one in Mumbai and one -- sorry, the other one I missed out. 
Jagadish Nangineni: In Greater Noida. 
Puneet Gulati: And have you paid for both of them? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. 
Puneet Gulati: Okay. So how should one think about full year allocation of capital towards land? What 
is the run rate one should assume? 
Jagadish Nangineni: See, we have done last year. I mean, we would -- from a land payments point of 
view, we would be roughly similar to land for last year. And going forward, there would be an 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 8 of 13 
 
incremental from a -- I mean, last year, we did about INR1,160 crores. And this year, we already did 
about INR370 crores. And we have identified a couple of opportunities where I think we can invest in 
Bangalore and in NCR. So, if we are able to complete those transactions, then we might look at closer 
towards INR1,500 crores to INR1,600 crores this year. 
Puneet Gulati: Okay. That’s very helpful. And lastly, your 9 project launches, does that also include 
the balance phase of One World or that’s separate? 
Jagadish Nangineni: No, that doesn’t include balance phases. Like I said, we have taken the entire 
project of SOBHA One World in the new project launches in Q1. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Parikshit Kandpal: Jagadish, congratulations on a great quarter on presales. So, my first question is, I 
mean, the way we were forecasting this quarter, the first half was a washout because of geopolitical 
issue. So just wanted to understand what led to the strong demand coming back towards the second half 
of the quarter, so both in Gurugram and Bengaluru. 
 
And also wanted some color on Noida, how the Rivana has done after there were some delays. 
You said the sales could have got pushed out. So just your sense on the demand, what has just surprised 
us positively? And where do you think the real estate cycle currently is? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Thank you, Parikshit. So, like you have seen in Q1 or, let’s say, Q1 of this calendar 
year, right? We had been preparing for these launches for some time. And hence, the time advantage 
that we had got in terms of preparation is what I believe is what led to a stronger performance in this 
quarter. So, for any new launches, like you know, it’s not only dependent on the timing of the launch, 
but also the extent of preparation for that. 
 
So, in that aspect, we were much better prepared and hence, there is a stronger response is what 
we can see in Q1. Otherwise, the overall demand scenario seems to be quite stable from what we have 
seen in terms of the launches and also what we are witnessing post the launches also. It’s been quite 
steady. So, we believe that it is a reasonably good demand scenario. 
 
What we would like to see is how the supply is going to come up. Specific to your question related 
to Rivana, Rivana has also been quite steady. It’s not a project where it is a much higher -- we have not 
seen much higher sell-through at the launch. But post that, during the quarter, it has been quite steady 
in terms of monthly sales and the quarterly sales. 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Parikshit Kandpal: My second question is on the INR1,500 crores tentative. I mean, you said that the 
deals could get close, the INR1,500 crores capex on land may happen this year. So just wanted to 
breakup of how much will be Bengaluru and how much is the contribution from NCR and MMR on 
this? And whether is it right to assume that out of INR1,500 crores roughly INR15,000 crores worth of 
GDV INR12,000 crores to INR13,000 crores GDV addition will happen? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. I mean, from a remaining capital allocation, part of that is towards our current 
commitments for the 20.77 million square feet, that’s roughly about another INR400 crores. And our 
past commitments, those are also that’s about another INR200 crores. So, I mean, those are about 
INR600 crores plus already we have done about INR370 crores. So, remaining is about INR600 crores. 
So that INR600-odd crores, we will -- we should look at the current opportunities that we are pursuing. 
It’s still, I mean, a little early to disclose that, but it’s at a good valuation and hence, we should be able 
to -- typically, in any new land buy, we see that the value of the land is between about 15% of the total 
sale value. So that it would be in the similar range. 
Parikshit Kandpal: So, this will be largely in NCR, the INR600 crores, INR700 crores incremental 
beyond the existing in the past commitments, which you said. So out of the INR600 crores, INR700 
crores, where -- how will be the geographical breakup of this? 
Jagadish Nangineni: It’s part of it is -- majority is in Bangalore and the remaining is split largely 
between NCR and a little bit portion to Mumbai. 
Parikshit Kandpal: Okay. And just a third question on this Hoskote. So how much was the contribution 
from the SOBHA One World out of the total INR2,000-odd crores of sales. So how much was the 
contribution? Because the numbers look little lower than the number that we have. So was there any 
spillover you’re going to book in Q2 out of this? Just wanted the total cumulative sales on this and how 
much has been recognized in Q1? 
Jagadish Nangineni: About, you have seen about 45% of the overall sale is from One World sale and 
the remaining is from both, like Bangalore and NCR have contributed close to 87%. 
Parikshit Kandpal: Sorry, I didn’t hear you how much? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Bangalore and NCR together have contributed about 87%. 
Parikshit Kandpal: This thing, out of the total INR3,600 crores, 45% comes from your SOBHA One 
World. 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. 
Parikshit Kandpal: And is there any pending sales to be recognized because this number then looks a 
little slightly on the lower side compared to what you have released, it’s about INR1,600 crores. So, was 
there, I mean, were you able to book the entire sales or there’s a pass-over which will happen in Q2 from 
this, which you could not realize in the Q1 numbers? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. So, like I mentioned, we have released about 3.4 million square feet of the 
total. And within that, we have done about 40% of the sales. 
Parikshit Kandpal: That’s about totally INR1,800-odd. So, about INR200 crores, INR300 crores could 
be a spillover, which may happen in the Q2 quarter? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes, Parikshit. 
Parikshit Kandpal: So, there was some spillover into Q2, that means the entire... 
Jagadish Nangineni: That is a characteristic of any new launch or ongoing operation. So, there would 
be naturally be some spillovers from that are being put in the previous time period. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Emkay Global. 
Biplab Debbarma: Congratulations on the great start to FY ’27. First question is on the Mumbai and 
Greater Noida business development you did in this quarter. Could you give us some details like are 
these outright projects? And how much you paid for these projects? What would be their GDV, when 
they are expected to be launched? 
Jagadish Nangineni: The Mumbai project is about 1.3 acres and we bought the land for about INR180 
crores. And the Greater Noida project is a joint development for which we have paid certain dues for 
the authority and for the landowners. So, both -- so each one -- both put together, the GDV for this would 
be about INR2,700 crores to INR3,000 crores. 
Biplab Debbarma: And they would be launched in this financial year? 
Jagadish Nangineni: The Greater Noida one, we are envisaging to launch this financial year. Mumbai 
one, we would endeavor to do it. But considering the approvals, uncertainty, a clear timeline from -- 
there is a lot of work to be done there. And hence, although our endeavor is to launch it this financial 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 11 of 13 
 
year. So currently, I have not included that in the projection that I have given in terms of 8.2 million 
square feet for this remaining 9 months. 
Biplab Debbarma: And second question is on the margin. I mean, last quarter, you mentioned that 
margin will see revival from the second half of this financial year. Margin continues to be low. Sir, do 
you maintain that margin you will see uptick in second half of this financial year? And what kind of 
margin do you think we’ll see in the second half of financial year, reported margin? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Right. Biplab, you’re right. I mean I still expect the margins to be significantly 
better in the second half means sequentially, it should start looking better. Q2 might be similar or 
depending on the number of completions that we can do, Q2 might be similar. But Q3 and Q4 
sequentially should become better as we complete some of our high-margin projects and start handing 
over. So, our expectation is that by Q4, as we currently, we are at about 9.7% EBITDA. So, as we leave 
the end of Q4, maybe hopefully, we should be able to do closer towards 17% to 20%. 
Biplab Debbarma: Okay. That’s great. And my third question is on the remainder of the year, you 
said 8.2 million square feet launches. That translates into how much of GDV? 
Jagadish Nangineni: At the current average of INR15,000 crores, it should be about another INR12,000 
crores. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Fenil Brahmbhatt from Choice Institutional Equities. 
Fenil Brahmbhatt: Congratulations for the good set of numbers. I have 2 questions for you. First is 
on this approved NCDs of INR1,000 crores. So, when we are planning to issue these NCDs in the next 
quarter or there is any timeline? So, if you can throw some light on that, that would be helpful. 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes. We envisage the usage coming in the next couple of quarters. So, we would 
do it in tranches as and when we identify the acquisition opportunity or, let’s say, firm up the acquisition 
opportunity, we would go ahead with the funding of NCD. So, it’s not -- need not be at one shot, but as 
and when it’s required. But at least I would think that we will break it into at least 2 tranches. 
Fenil Brahmbhatt: Okay. All right. And I just want to understand the project completion for FY ’27, 
’28. So which projects are at the finishing stage or we are planning to deliver in next 3 quarters or next 
remaining FY ’27? And if possible, you can give some highlights for FY ’28 projects as well? 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Jagadish Nangineni: So, for FY ’27, like I mentioned, we would endeavor to complete about 6 million 
to 6.5 million square feet versus what we have done about 5.4 million square feet last year. So, I mean, 
there is a list of projects that we would complete as per the timeline of the completion. We can provide 
you that list separately, Fenil, if that’s okay. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Axis Capital. 
Pritesh Sheth: Congrats on a great start to the year. Just dwelling some more on launches again. So, 
second phase of SOBHA Crescent is planned for next year or this year? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Pritesh. Crescent Phase 2 will happen during this financial year, most likely in 
Q3, towards the end of Q3 or beginning of Q4. 
Pritesh Sheth: Okay. So, 2 million square feet in NCR, which you said is basically second phase of 
Crescent and the Noida project, Greater Noida Project and Bangalore will have the Crystal Meadows 
now converted into those apartment projects also included in current year’s pipeline? 
Jagadish Nangineni: That’s right. 
Pritesh Sheth: Okay. Perfect. And just on Mumbai, I can’t see the new latest addition in our 
forthcoming or subsequent pipeline or rather there is 1 acre of Mumbai, but I thought that’s the second 
part of the Parel project. So, is this included in the current pipeline? Or since we are not sure of the 
timeline, we don’t -- we have not included in the forthcoming subsequent land right now? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Right. So, the one that you are seeing in the forthcoming pipeline is the second 
phase of the current project, which is Inizio. And the one that we have just acquired that we have not 
yet included basis the timeline once it gets firmed up, we would include it subsequently. 
Pritesh Sheth: Sure. Got it. And one last again on launches. I think last time we had a 6 lakh square 
feet of commercial project in Gurgaon that I don’t see currently in the pipeline. Has the plans been 
shelved for that commercial project now? Or has anything changed there? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Good observation, Pritesh. That particular project, it’s still the endeavor to launch 
and develop it. We have, in fact, the entire TDR for it, and we can develop the entire project. But 
currently, we are looking at an option -- evaluating an option of launching it, but not actually selling it, 
but retaining for our rental income. So that we are in an evaluation phase. And once that is -- and hence, 
we have removed it. So, if we decide to do part of the development as a sale model, we’ll bring it back. 

 
SOBHA Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shubham Selvadia from Tikri Investments. 
Shubham Selvadia: Sir, my question is regarding labor law. Sir, in Karnataka recently in May month, 
there was a hike of 60% in minimum wages. So, have you evaluated any impact on cost? 
Jagadish Nangineni: Yes, there has been, and we are still under the evaluation phase. But largely, our 
technician force that we have, that is above the minimum wage. However, it would have a little bit of 
impact on our overall cost. That is yet to be assessed. But I think we are considering -- it should be -- 
we should be able to absorb it within the budget that we have allocated for the projects. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Jagadish Nangineni: Thank you, everyone, for participating in today’s call. I hope we have answered 
most of the questions that you had. In case of any further queries or more details, you can please reach 
out to us and wish you the very best. Thank you, and have a good evening. 
Moderator: On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
