VOGL/Sec./SE/2026-27/24 
August 05, 2026 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544782 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza” Plot No C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai- 400051 
NSE Scrip Code: VOGL 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
First Quarter ended June 30, 2026 and the revised Investor Presentation. 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
In continuation to our Letter No. VOGL/Sec./SE/2026-27/19 dated July 29, 2026 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 and Regulation 46(2)(oa) read with Schedule III Part A Para A of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time, 
the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) of the Company for the first quarter ended June 30, 2026 is available on the website of the 
Company at www.vedantaoilandgas.com 
Further, certain inadvertent spreadsheet errors and typographical inaccuracies were identified in the 
Investor Presentation submitted to the Stock Exchanges vide the aforesaid letter dated July 29, 2026. 
Accordingly, the Company is submitting and uploading a revised Investor Presentation incorporating the 
below corrections: 
Sr. 
No. 
Relevant Page of the 
Investor Presentation 
Information submitted with Stock 
Exchanges 
Corrigendum to information 
submitted with Stock Exchanges 
1 
ESG 
Renewable power sourcing at 40+ 
MWh run-rate; 124 kTCO₂-eq. 
emissions avoidance 
The disclosure should be read as 
Renewable power sourcing at 40+ 
million units (or MM kWh); 124 
ktCO2e/annum emission avoidance 
2 
Financial Highlights 
ROCE was shown as 1.99%. 
ROCE should be read as 7.04%. 
3 
Financial Highlights 
The heading "FCF (Pre Capex)" and 
the corresponding value of 1.46x 
were inadvertently reflected 
incorrectly 
The updated disclosure is Net Debt: 
Near Zero. 
4 
Financial Highlights 
The heading "Cash & Cash 
Equivalents” and the corresponding 
value of ₹1,126 crore were 
inadvertently reflected incorrectly 
The updated disclosure is  
Liquid Investments including Cash & 
Cash Equivalents: ₹2,859 crore. 
The aforesaid revisions are limited to correction of inadvertent errors in the Investor Presentation and do 
not result in any change to the Company's reported or reviewed financial results. 

The revised Investor Presentation incorporating the above corrections is enclosed herewith and is also 
being hosted on the website of the Company. 
We regret the inadvertent error in our earlier disclosure and apologize for any inconvenience caused.
 
We request you to please take the above on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours sincerely, 
For Vedanta Oil and Gas Limited  
(Formerly known as Malco Energy Limited) 
Shivangi Dhanuka 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A 70586 
Enclosed: As above. 
SHIVANGI 
DHANUKA
Digitally signed by 
SHIVANGI DHANUKA 
Date: 2026.08.05 
18:12:12 +05'30'

Page 1 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
“Vedanta Limited, Vedanta Aluminium Metal Limited, 
Vedanta Iron & Steel Limited, Vedanta Oil & Gas 
Limited, & Vedanta Power Limited’s 
Q1 FY 2026-'27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARUN MISRA – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – VEDANTA LIMITED 
MR. AJAY GOEL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– VEDANTA LIMITED 
 
MR. JIM GAST – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
VEDANTA OIL & GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. ARPIT MUNDRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
VEDANTA OIL & GAS LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJINDER AHUJA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
VEDANTA POWER 
 
MR. PANKAJ JHA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VEDANTA POWER 
 
MR. PANKAJ SHARMA -- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
VEDANTA IRON & STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. NAVIN JAJU – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VEDANTA IRON & STEEL LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR -- CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
VEDANTA ALUMINIUM METAL LIMITED 
 
MR. ANUP AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VEDANTA ALUMINIUM METAL LIMITED 
 
MR. CHARANJIT SINGH – GROUP HEAD, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS – VEDANTA LIMITED 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the First Quarter Financial Year 2026-'27 
Earnings Conference Call of Vedanta Limited, Vedanta Aluminum Metal Limited, Vedanta Iron 
& Steel Limited, Vedanta Power Limited, and Vedanta Oil & Gas Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
and then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Participants connected on the webcast link may change the quality settings to 1080p to watch 
the proceedings on best quality. 
 
Without further delay, I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Charanjit Singh Group 
Head, Investor Relations, for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Thank you, Sager. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Call 
jointly hosted by Vedanta Limited, Vedanta Aluminum, Vedanta Iron & Steel, Vedanta Power 
and Vedanta Oil & Gas. On behalf of team Vedanta, I sincerely thank you all for joining us today 
to provide our comprehensive and efficient update while making the best use of your time. We 
are posting a combined call covering all 5 entities. 
 
I trust you have had an opportunity to review the respective earnings presentation, press releases 
and the detailed financial statements, which have been filed with the stock exchanges and are 
also available on the website of each of the companies. 
 
Joining us on today's call are the CEOs and CFOs of each entity, who will discuss their 
operational and financial performance for the quarter. In the sequence, we will begin with 
Vedanta Oil & Gas, led by Mr. Jim Gast and Arpit Mundra; followed by Vedanta Power 
represented by Rajinder Ahuja and Pankaj Jha; Vedanta Iron & Steel led by Pankaj Sharma and 
Navin Jaju; Vedanta Aluminum, represented by Rajesh Kumar and Anup Agarwal; and finally, 
Vedanta Limited, addressed by Mr. Arun Misra and Ajay Goel. Following the update, we will 
open the floor for questions. 
 
With that, let me hand over the call to Jim. Jim, over to you. 
Jim Gast: 
Thank you, Charanjit. Namaste, we welcome you to the first quarterly Vedanta Oil & Gas results 
call as a newly listed company. Safety remains our Number 1 priority. And while we continue 
to strengthen safety leadership, critical risk management and frontline engagement, our safety 
performance shows that there is more work to do. At the same time, we have made good progress 
across ESG. 
 
Higher commodity prices supported our Q1 performance, but our focus remains on safe 
operations, production, delivery, cost discipline and execution of our growth portfolio. Our 
assets continue to demonstrate resilience whilst maintaining natural reservoir decline. Gross 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 3 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
operated production averaged 77.7 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day during the quarter, 
comprising 63.1 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day from Rajasthan, 11.6 from offshore 
assets and 3.1 from OALP blocks. Working interest production averaged 51.1 thousand barrels 
of oil per day. 
 
In Rajasthan, production was supported by well productivity improvement programs, targeted 
well recovery and continued operational optimization. Offshore performance benefited from 
production optimization initiatives, including low-pressure operations and focused well 
interventions, while OALP production remains stable. Our priority remains to strengthen decline 
management, accelerate well interventions, improve execution and maintain high asset 
reliability. 
 
Over the last few years, we have delivered a positive change in our operating cost profile, 
particularly for mature tertiary recovery portfolio. The direct operating cost trend demonstrates 
that cost discipline has been sustained, with full year '27 currently expected to be in line with 
the full year '26 levels. This improvement has been driven by optimizing commodity 
consumption, especially through monitoring well patterns and by maximizing well gains through 
targeted rigless interventions. These interventions are generally faster, lower cost and more 
flexible than conventional workover activity. 
 
The focus is to remain strong cost discipline while supporting safe operations, production 
reliability and future volume delivery. Cost efficiency must, therefore, go hand-in-hand with 
execution and the growth. 
 
I will now hand over to Arpit, our CFO, for the financial update. 
Arpit Mundra: 
Thank you, Jim. Good evening, everyone. On the financial results, let me elaborate the key 
numbers for our performance in the Q1 FY27. Our revenue stood at INR 2,507 crores, which is 
3% lower quarter-on-quarter basis and EBITDA at INR1,232 crores being 16% higher on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 49% for the current quarter. 
 
Our unit operating cost for the period was $17.4 per barrel, down 3% quarter-on-quarter basis 
despite the production decline and a lower base. The lower cost was driven by efficiencies and 
optimization in our workover and well intervention programs. These initiatives reflect our 
intrinsic focus on cost leadership, with persistent rigor while holistically supporting the 
reliability metrics. 
 
Our profit after tax before exceptional items from continuing operations stands at INR194 crores. 
The exceptional costs net of tax is INR345 crores towards provision for impairment and one-off 
exceptional items during the quarter. The PAT from continued operations hence stands at 
negative INR151 crores. Following the transfer of the non-mining business undertaking that was 
earlier held in the erstwhile Malco Energy Limited, there has been a onetime profit from 
discontinued operations, which stood at INR1,097 crores. Consequently, the reported PAT for 
the company from continuing as well as discontinued operations stands at INR945 crores. 
 
Also, we are pleased to inform and share that we have been assigned a long-term credit rating 
of AA+ stable by both CRISIL and ICRA during the recent months, which reaffirms the 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 4 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
company's strong credit profile and robust ability to make this financial obligation. The rating 
further validates the company's continued resilient operational performance and positive growth 
outlook. 
 
Let me cover some of the specifics on the EBITDA bridge. Quarter-on-quarter basis, our 
EBITDA is higher by 15%, which is supported mainly by the Brent prices which were 15% 
higher quarter-on-quarter basis. This was offset by lower volumes due to the natural decline as 
one of the key reasons. While year-on-year, our EBITDA remains flat. 
 
For the closing remarks, I now pass on to our interim CEO, Jim. 
Jim Gast: 
Thank you. Overall, the quarter has had a steady performance. The company continues to focus 
on volume delivery, on capex projects and infills, keeping our costs low and building our 
exploration and development pipeline, all built on a strong foundation of safety and 
environment. Thank you. 
 
I will now pass it to Mr. Rajinder Ahuja, CEO of Vedanta Power, for insights on their Q1 
performance of power entity. 
Rajinder Ahuja: 
Thank you, Jim, and good evening, everyone. The quarter marks an important milestone in our 
journey with the Vedanta Power becoming demerged entity effective 1st May 2026. As a 
standalone power business, we now have a greater strategic focus, sharper accountability and a 
stronger platform for long-term value creation in power sectors. 
 
To give a brief overview of power landscape, India has recorded all-time high power demand of 
271 gigawatt in May 2026. To support this, Vedanta Power is India's fifth largest private thermal 
company with 4.2 gigawatt current operating assets, aims to reach at 4.8 gigawatts by the end of 
the financial year. Further, we are working on plan to add another 7.2 gigawatts starting from 
FY30 onwards, it will start getting kicked in. 
 
Fuel and volume security remained a key focus area for us. Today, approximately 74% of our 
total volume is secured through medium and long-term PPAs. While 85% of our coal 
requirement is backed by long-term coal linkages and provides with strong stability and visibility 
of the revenues and the cost. 
 
Coming to quarterly performance. Vedanta Power delivered a resilient operational performance. 
During quarter 1 FY27, we achieved sales of 5,224 million units, up 38% Y-o-Y basis, and 
revenue increasing 31% to INR 2,607 crores. Meenakshi energy delivered highest-ever quarterly 
EBITDA of INR112 crores backed by the higher sales volume of around 1,350 million units. 
 
Despite import coal prices increasing by over 60%, our team on ground has done exceptional 
work by containing the coal cost by 12% on Y-o-Y basis. This was achieved by replacing the 
imported coal with Indian coal. And this time, while we were talking, team was able to consume 
around 65% to 70% of Indian coal in their operations. 
 
Our plan to achieve 100% domestic coal at Meenakshi remains on track, which will improve our 
cost competitiveness and margins way forward, further insulating us from the geopolitical risk. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Talwandi Sabo improved its plant availability to 86% from 77% on a Q-o-Q basis and achieved 
higher biomass co-firing of 7.9%, which is highest among the NCR region power plants. The 
ash utilization remains 94%, with increased ash sale revenue to INR9 crores. 
 
Jadugoda maintained stable operational performance. However, we received favourable 
regulatory outcomes in short supply meter with potential refund of INR300 crores in days to 
come. And also, we have got positive order from the state regulatory commission for recovery 
of ash sales -- ash caused by up to INR40 crores annually. These positive outcomes are expected 
to support the future cash flows. 
 
At Sakti, despite the operation disruption, the team has demostrated remendous resilience, and 
we remain focused on restoring unit 1and completion of Unit 2, which will be key for our growth 
catalyst for the company. We plan to start Unit 1 by the end of quarter 2 FY27, and Unit 1 
remains on track for completion by quarter 4 of FY27. 
 
Parallelly, we have also notified our insurance provider who are assessing the impact and the 
claims for Unit 1, which is duly covered for the losses through insurance. Looking ahead, India's 
power demand outlook remains very strong, and Vedanta Power is well positioned to capitalize 
for future opportunities. 
 
With that, I now hand it over to our CFO, Mr. Pankaj Jha, who will take you through the financial 
performance. 
Pankaj Jha: 
So thank you, and good evening, everyone. I will briefly cover the financial performance and 
capital structure highlights for Q1 FY27. During the quarter, Vedanta Power reported revenue 
of INR2,607 crores, 31% Y-o-Y growth on sales of 5,224 million units, which increased 38% 
Y-o-Y. 
 
While EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR291 crores, the overall performance was impacted 
by the sakti boiler incident. Nevertheless, the business demonstrated resilience through strong 
operational delivery and reported highest ever EBITDA at Meenakshi. PAT for the quarter was 
impacted due to a one-time exceptional item of INR487 crores. By neutralizing it, PAT before 
exceptional onetime impact is negative INR59 crores. 
 
Our balance sheet and credit profile continued to strengthen. During the quarter, Indian rating 
agencies, ICRA and CRISIL, have upgraded our instruments. Our long-term rating remains 
strong at AA negative with stable outlook. We have very healthy cash and cash equivalents of 
around INR1,130 crores. 
 
Net debt remained flattish compared with the previous quarter, reflecting our continued focus 
on cash flow management and deleveraging. We also successfully raised commercial paper at 
8.25%, demonstrating continued lender and investor confidence in the business. 
 
Going forward, our capital allocation priorities remain clear, maintaining liquidity, reducing 
leverage, enhancing fuel security and completing our key growth projects, particularly Sakti 
Unit 1 restoration and Unit 2 project. These assets are expected to materially strengthen earnings, 
cash generation and return metrics over the next 2 to 4 quarters. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 6 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
With a stronger credit profile, improving operational performance and clear growth visibility, 
we believe Vedanta Power is well positioned to deliver sustainable value creation for all 
stakeholders. 
 
I now hand over to Mr. Pankaj Sharma for covering Iron & Steel. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Thank you, Pankaj, and good evening, everyone. Let me take you through the performance for 
the first quarter of FY27 for Vedanta Iron & Steel. Vedanta Iron & Steel operates fully integrated 
business model, supported by strategically located mining assets in Odisha, Goa, Karnataka, 
Liberia, and downstream steel operations in Goa and Bokaro. And this enables value creation 
across the entire value chain. 
 
During the first quarter, we have delivered a strong operational and financial performance, with 
a revenue increase of 18% year-on-year and EBITDA growth of 54%. Margin expanded from 
11% to 14%, and PAT stood at INR121 crores. 
 
During the period, steel and iron ore production increased by 4% year-on-year, supported by 
stable and safe operations and enhanced efficiencies. In the steel business, sellable production 
stood at 582 kt, with robust EBITDA margin of 12%. This was driven by better realization, a 
favourable export market and continued cost and operational initiatives. 
 
In iron ore business, production increased by 4% year-on-year to 2.6 million tons and EBITDA 
margin improved by 24% year-on-year, on the back of better realization and cost efficiencies. 
Sequentially, the volume we are moderated by seasonal impact during later part of the quarter. 
 
On quarter-on-quarter basis, margin lowered due to higher discounts on low-grade ore and 
elevated ocean freight costs. On the growth front, our expansion projects continue to progress 
as planned. During the quarter, we received a stage 1 forest clearance for Bokaro expansion 
project. We remain on track to deliver the project by end of financial year. The ductile iron pipe 
project in Goa is progressing well and is expected to be completed during the later part of the 
year. 
 
I will now hand over to my CFO, Navin, to take you through the financial performance. 
Navin Jaju: 
Thank you, Pankaj. Good day, everyone. During the quarter, revenue stood at INR3,662 crores, 
an 18% increase year-on-year, and EBITDA of INR515 crores, a 54% increase year-on-year. 
This was on the back of strong operational performance and better realization. 
 
The company continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, with net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 
1.3x, and return on capital employed of 16%. This is also reflected in the credit rating of AA 
stable by CRISIL. Net debt post demerger adjustments stood at INR2,733 crores as on June 
2026. Strong operating cash flows helped fund pre-monsoon working capital requirement and 
ongoing growth projects. Back to you, Pankaj. 
Pankaj Sharma: 
Yes. So in conclusion, we have delivered a strong start to FY27 with resilient operational 
performance, improved profitability and disciplined balance sheet management. Our ongoing 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
growth project, expanding mining capacities and integrated business model position us well to 
capitalize on India's long-term steel and iron ore growth opportunity. 
 
We remain focused on creating sustainable value for all stakeholders through operational 
excellence, responsible growth and disciplined capital allocation. Thank you. Thank you very 
much. And with this, I hand over to Rajesh, CEO, Aluminum. 
Rajesh Kumar: 
Thank you, Pankaj. And very good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining the Vedanta 
Aluminum Metal Limited earnings update. VAML delivered a strong quarter, driven by 
industry-leading safety, sustainability and operational performance. During the quarter, we had 
only one lost time injury. 
 
Environment performance remained robust, with 20% ash utilization contributing to increased 
dike space, while our newly commissioned RO facility improved the wastewater recycling and 
reduce freshwater consumption by 8%. Renewable energy supply from Serentica increased to 
198 megawatts, a 60% sequential growth, and we remain on track to achieve more than 371 
megawatts of green power by the end of this financial year. 
 
VAML delivered a record quarterly performance, achieving all-time high aluminum production 
of 632 KT, up 5% year-on-year and 3% quarter-on-quarter. Alumina production was 826 KT, 
up 41% year-on-year. Alumina production was, however, 6% lower than the previous quarter 
due to stabilization issues in the power plant, red mud filtration and bauxite handling. 
Value-added product output rose to a record 389,000 tons in the quarter, up 14% year-on-year, 
reflecting the continued shift of -- in our product mix towards our goal of 90% share of value-
added products. The billet production increased by 18% and the alloy production increased by 
38% with respect to the previous quarter. From a market perspective, global aluminium prices 
have remained buoyant, supported by supply side constraints. 
Looking ahead, our focus remains on accelerating growth through ramp-up of Lanjigarh and 
increased volume from BALCO Potline 3 and sustained cost optimization through additional 
domestic bauxite. Our captive coal, we have received the mining lease and mine opening 
permission for Kuraloi, and we plan to start the mine in this quarter. Supported by a strong 
execution discipline, we remain well positioned to deliver our long-term value for all our 
stakeholders. Thank you. And with this, I hand over to our CFO, VAML, Mr. Anup Agarwal, to 
take you through the financial performance. 
Anup Agarwal: 
Thank you, Rajesh, and good evening, everyone. We closed Q1 FY27 on a strong note, marking 
an important milestone for Vedanta Aluminium as our first quarter post demerger. At a headline 
level, we delivered an all-time high revenue and EBITDA on the back of strong realization, 
disciplined cost management and continued operational execution. Revenue for the quarter stood 
at a record INR21,105 crores, reflecting a 45% increase Y-o-Y and a 13% increase quarter-on-
quarter. 
On the cost side, our hot metal cost in Q1 FY27 stood at USD1,698 per ton, lower by 4% Y-o-
Y and lower by 3% quarter-on-quarter despite inflationary prices due to the Middle East 
disruptions. This is within our guidance rate as communicated in April. Coming to EBITDA. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
EBITDA was at INR10,499 crores, up 134% Y-o-Y and up 24% quarter-on-quarter. 
Sequentially, EBITDA per ton expanded from USD1,511 per ton to USD1,804 per ton. This was 
driven by a combination of volume growth, cost optimization, marketing initiatives and 
favourable market conditions. 
The profit after tax was at INR6,597 crores, up over 200% Y-o-Y. Our return on capital 
employed stood at 42% at the end of quarter 1, reflecting our focus on driving profitable growth 
while maintaining disciplined capital allocation. During the quarter, our balance sheet became 
even more stronger. Our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio improved from 1.3x to 0.9x. Our cost of 
borrowing is now at sub-9%, and this will improve further in the coming months. 
We closed the quarter with a cash and cash equivalent of over INR6,000 crores. This provides 
us with a strong liquidity cushion and enhances our financial flexibility. The Board has approved 
an interim dividend of INR8 per share this quarter, the very first for Vedanta Aluminium. 
Both CRISIL and ICRA have upgraded Vedanta Aluminium to AA+ with a stable outlook. This 
is an important validation of the market's confidence in our balance sheet strength, earnings 
resilience and financial discipline. Our guidance on the cost for full year remains unchanged at 
USD1,650 to USD1,700 per ton. Though in quarter 2, the cost may be marginally higher due to 
the planned power plant shutdowns timed with the monsoon period. 
On the hedging front, for the balance here, we are hedged 28% of our volumes at an average of 
USD3,062 per ton. We are confident that our EBITDA run rate will remain resilient across 
commodity cycles, driven by higher volumes from BALCO expansion, increased value-added 
product and domestic market penetration and continued cost reductions through backward 
integration. Thank you. And with this, I hand over to Mr. Arun Misra for an update on demerged 
Vedanta. 
Arun Misra: 
Thank you, Anup. Good evening, everyone. As you will all know that this quarter marks the first 
reporting period of demerged Vedanta, India's most diversified base metal and specialty Alloy 
Company, providing investors with exposure to zinc, copper, silver, lead, manganese, nickel and 
ferrochrome. I'm pleased to note that in the maiden quarter itself, since demerger, we have 
delivered EBITDA of INR8,459 crores and PAT of INR5,294 crores for the continuing 
businesses. 
Let me now walk you through the operational performance of the key business segments. At 
Zinc India, refined metal production grew 4% year-on-year to 260,000 tons. We achieved lowest 
ever cost of production at USD851 per ton. Silver continues to contribute strongly to our bottom 
line with 46% share of EBIT. 
At Zinc International, overall mine metal production was 48,000 tons, including contribution of 
3,000 tons from Black Mountain Mines. Gamsberg Phase 1 production rose 10% sequentially to 
45,000 tons. Gamsberg cost of production also declined to USD1,549 per ton, down 7% quarter-
on-quarter, delivering an EBITDA per ton of USD900. 
At BMM Swartberg mine end-to-end contract in lieu of this substitution has been completed and 
ramping up on variable cost model. In ferrochrome business, FACOR delivered its highest ever 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
quarterly ore production, up 41% year-on-year to 153,000 tons, surfacing previous best of 
113,000 tons in quarter 4 '26. Improvement in finished good grade supported by higher market 
price resulted in 2% higher net sales realization alongside lower cost, driven by 100% captive 
over availability. This resulted in EBITDA margin improving from USD360 per ton, up 13% 
sequentially, also delivering the best ever quarterly EBITDA of INR101 crores. 
Copper India recorded sales of 53,000 tons, up 3% year-on-year, our highest first quarter sales 
in eight years. At Copper International business, rod sales were down 51% year-on-year as the 
supply chain in the entire Middle East region was impacted due to geopolitical tensions. 
Moving to growth projects across the 4 segments. At Zinc India, for the fertilizer plant, coal 
commissioning has been initiated. The hot acid leaching plant at Dariba is also targeted for 
commissioning in the current quarter. The 10 million ton per annum tailing reprocessing plant 
is under construction and is expected to be completed by quarter 4 of FY28, while the 250,000 
tons per annum expansion project of smelter is expected to commission by quarter 2 of FY29. 
At Zinc International, Gamsberg Phase 2 plant is likely to commence operations in August. It 
will add another 200,000 tons of MIC capacity, taking the total capacity to 450,000 tons per 
annum. 
At FACOR, production from Ostapal underground mine is likely to commence in the current 
quarter, yielding better FG grade and metallic volume. We received a forest clearance Stage 1 
for Katasahi manganese mine and is expected to start operation in H2 of this current fiscal year. 
At Copper India, Phase 1 debottlenecking has augmented installed capacity to 222,000 tons per 
annum. Further debottlenecking will take this capacity to 229,000 tons per annum. 
Copper International at our Jabal Sayid exploration block in Saudi Arabia, exploration partner 
has been finalized, targeting 24 months for the initial phase. To summarize, performance of 
continuing businesses in demerged Vedanta is on a steady growth trajectory as reflected by a 
strong quarter 1 delivery and project commissioning lined up during the year. We remain focused 
in our pursuit of growth of the demerged Vedanta with a USD5 billion EBITDA enterprise by 
FY30. 
With that, let me hand it over to Ajay to take you through the financial performance in detail, 
after which, we'll be happy to take your questions. Ajay? 
Ajay Goel: 
Yes. Thank you, Arun. Good evening, everyone. We're meeting today for the first quarter results 
after Vedanta's historical demerger, and that is unlocking significant value with a combined 
market cap of resulting companies growing over INR71,000 crores in Q1 itself. I want to also 
clarify that as a demerger has become effective, during the quarter on, 1st of May, the stat 
numbers which are reported include 1 month of discontinued operations as per Ind AS 105. For 
the sake of like-for-like comparison, we will focus on performance of Vedanta's continued 
operations, which is for the entire quarter April in June. So, the numbers are comparable and 
therefore, entire quarter April through June. 
I'll start briefly with Vedanta highlights. On Vedanta Limited's Q1 performance, revenue 
increased by 51% Y-o-Y to INR23,456 crores. EBITDA nearly doubled, rising by 98% Y-o-Y 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 10 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
to highest level, INR8,469 crores with a margin of 57%, up 985 basis points Y-o-Y. Profit after 
tax, PAT, grew to INR5,294 crores, up INR152 crores Y-o-Y, again, best ever on a like-on-like 
basis. 
In Q1, Vedanta invested INR1,148 crores in growth capex, while deleveraging the balance sheet 
by more than -- more than INR2,226 crores. At the same time, delivering a strong ROCE of 
28%. 
In Q1, Vedanta's balance sheet remains exceptionally strong, with leverage ratio net debt to 
EBITDA down to 0.3x, amongst the best in the industry. Vedanta Limited has been rated AA+ 
with a stable outlook, both by ICRA and CRISIL, highest rating over a decade for us. With a 
strong cash and cash equivalent of INR19,922 crores remains resilient, at the same time growth. 
I'll go on very briefly to Vedanta Resources, the VRL highlights. VRL's greatest strength is well 
recognized with the rating upgrades from all 3 agencies, S&P, Fitch, and Moody's rating VRL 
to BB or BB equivalent, again representing a decade high rating for VRL. 
The demerger as we earlier envisioned has significantly enhanced strategic optionalities 
available to Vedanta Resources. You may have made a note that during the quarter, we have 
sold 1.7% stake in Vedanta Limited. That is almost 200 million, and that illustrates the range of 
strategic levers to accelerate for the fast track debt reduction at Vedanta Resources. We are 
deleveraged by 1.1 billion across the group in Q1 itself. 
In this quarter, through a broader 5 billion refinancing program at Vedanta Resources, we are 
targeting reduction of around 280 basis points in average funding cost at Vedanta Resources. 
This will lead to more than INR1,000 crores of interest cost savings on a yearly basis. We have 
recently raised 1.7 billion from international on markets at average 7.4% coupon rate and 
average maturity of 8.5 years. 
And additionally, kind of a syndicated term loan of up to 2.25 billion at 6.4% interest rate with 
a maturity of 3 years. Overall, this would significantly flatten VRL's repayment liabilities and 
that can be serviced to regular branching and a normal dividend yield. 
In conclusion, the demerger has relayed the foundation for the next phase of growth, backed by 
strong VRL balance sheet, focused businesses and allocation of capital. With this, I now will 
hand over to operator for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Your first 
question comes from the line of Akhilesh Kumar with Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
Yes, can you hear me? 
Management: 
Yes, we can. 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
Yes. Perfect. So, my first question is on EBITDA for VAML. So, when I try to add the EBITDA 
given in the slides for Jharsuguda and BALCO, the total EBITDA comes at close to INR10,527 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 11 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
crores, while total reported EBITDA is, as you mentioned, is INR10,499 crores. So, can you 
explain the difference? 
Management: 
So that's a small consol adjustment actually. The difference that you are talking about, it gets 
eliminated for the transaction between BALCO and VAML. 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
Okay. So okay. So, this is something intercompany kind of stuff, is it? 
Management: 
Yes, absolutely. 
 
Akhilesh Kumar: 
Okay. My second question is on the aluminum sales made this quarter. So, I appreciate that you 
have given the aluminum production for this quarter, but earlier you used to give the sales 
number as well, which is not mentioned in this slide. So, if you can provide that number as well, 
that will be great. 
Management: 
So, the sales number for the quarter is at 615 KT. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Indrajit Agarwal with CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
A few questions. First, I'll start with the aluminum business. So, our ask rate for alumina 
production for the last 3 quarters is almost 1.1 million tons. So how do you -- to achieve the 4.1 
odd million tons for the full year. So how should we look at the trajectory? 
Will it be more second half heavy? And given the exit run rate of 1Q and what we are doing in 
July so far do? Are you confident of achieving that number? 
Management: 
Yes. So typically, the monsoon months, both for the power assets as well as the alumina 
production, are slightly difficult months. So, we expect a much higher volume in the H2. If you 
would have noticed, even the last year, the trends were similar. And this year also, we will follow 
the same trajectory. And we will meet the estimate which we have given of 4 million to 4.1 
million tons of alumina production from Lanjigarh. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. Secondly, on purchased alumina cost, on sequential basis, alumina COP going up and 
alumina integration going down, your alumina cost in aluminum has gone down. So, what has 
been the delta in purchased alumina cost in this quarter? What you have booked in P&L. 
Management: 
Indrajit, on a broad level note, as you have rightly said, alumina cost has come down 3% quarter-
on-quarter. And if you would recall, even in the last earnings call, we very clearly articulated 
that -- but for the higher LME and the higher API -- as we go into the quarter -- as we go into 
the second quarter of this financial year now, we will start seeing alumina costs closer to $750. 
Okay, now $780 is what we reported in quarter 1. Now with increased mix -- and you would 
have seen that we have done around 70%, 72% in quarter 1. And with the same captive mix in 
quarter 2 and lower API, we are in route to that 750 number, what we talked. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
And is there further room for API prices to go down in the subsequent quarters? Or we have 
already bottomed out over there? 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Management: 
Yes, I can tell you, see, the further reduction will again come as we ramp up Lanjigarh 
production because going forward, our captive mix will keep going up and the bought-out 
alumina will keep coming down. So, any reduction from here towards 700, we will have to look 
at Lanjigarh ramping up. And of course, some of our captive bauxite coming into the play. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. And in 1Q, what was the hedging volume and price at which we had hedged? 
Management: 
Quarter 1, we had hedged around 293 kt and a strike price was 2813. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Sure. One last question to Ajay, if I may. Given the high capex or the growth projects at Vedanta 
demerged entity, can we assume that most of the dividend would now be from Vedanta 
Aluminum of the 5 entities in terms of quantum, let's say, rupees crore or dollars kind of tons? 
Management: 
So, the way to look at, Indrajit, I mean, if you look at historically, Vedanta’s dividend yield has 
been quite high, in fact, double digit, 12%, 13%. And over the last couple of years, down to 6%, 
7% points. Our last commitment was to go down to normalized yield of almost 5% to 6%. That 
on the combined market capitalization may be 1.5 odd billion payout on a consol basis of all the 
5 business units. 
 
Now you will appreciate, Indrajit, that will be a Board matter. But one way to model this, look 
at the combined market capitalization of each business and look at 3% to 5% dividend yield. So 
you are right, Vedanta Aluminum, being almost at about 18 billion, 20 billion out of 35. 
Practically, one may also assume, half the dividend will come from Vedanta Aluminum going 
forward. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Sumangal Nevatia with Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
First question is to Ajay, on the overall capital allocation. So, one is at the VRL level, can we 
assume that a large part of deleveraging is behind now given that we've refinanced? And going 
forward, the focus would be more on growth? Or we're expecting further deleveraging from $4.5 
billion debt? So when is that? 
 
And then at VAML, just want to understand what sort of debt or leverage we are comfortable 
beyond which we will consider paying dividends? And the Chairman has spoken about 
expansion plans. At what stage do we start spending towards the next phase of expansion, by 
which we should expect some lower dividends and deleveraging? 
Management: 
Sure, Sumangal. I'll start with the first part first. You're right that at VRL, the deleveraging has 
been accomplished to a large extent. And over the last 3 odd years, debt 10 billion down to 5 
billion as of June 30. 
 
Going forward, what is the path forward? What we have last time committed that the VRL debt 
has come down from 5 billion down to 3 billion. We also committed that Vedanta India on a 
combined basis pre- merger, our leverage of 0.9x as of March will be coming down to 0.7 as of 
coming March on a consol basis. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 13 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
 
Now when we look at the capital allocation policy, the central theme is allocation and not capital 
necessarily. We don't provide guidance in terms of EBITDA. I think one has to model looking 
at the current run rate. With the current volume, cost and proportionality and our macro tailwinds 
in terms of currency and the pricing, the outlook for the EBITDA for Vedanta India on a consol 
basis is at about 9.5 billion to 10 billion. Our EBITDA to cash conversion is typically 50%. That 
means we'll be having total free cash flow of roughly 5 billion 45,000 crores at Vedanta India 
on a consol basis. So, we don't have to make choices between growth and deleveraging. 
 
Going forward, what we are looking at, we will be investing for the group in the current year at 
about INR20,000 crores EBITDA capex across the 5 entities. We're looking at deleveraging at 
VRL level roughly 2 billion, 2.5 billion again INR20,000 crores. At the same time, we'll also be 
rewarding shareholders through dividend. Eventually, both deleveraging and rewarding 
shareholders should lead to TSR. So, in short is, Sumangal, we don't have to make choices 
between investing for the growth or deleveraging, both in the current year can coexist given 
robust free cash flows. 
Management: 
Also, Ajay, I think Sumangal, can add, last 3 years of deleveraging has not caused, unlike other 
companies, any postponement of a declared capex or any intentional slowdown of a capex 
project that has been announced in the market. Rather, in last 3 years of deleveraging, we have 
initiated much bigger projects without -- things like expansion of 1 million ton expansion in 
zinc, aluminum- completing the Balco project, ESL Bokaro, completing that 2 million ton 
expansion project or keep on working on 2 million ton expansion projects, VZI Phase 2- all this 
happened in the last 3 years. So, these 2 are as Ajay has correctly said, it is not one or the other, 
it is one and the other. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
That's very clear. If you can just share some more thoughts on the VAML balance sheet and debt 
levels which we are comfortable and some expansion plan going forward? 
Management: 
I refer to Mr. Anup Agarwal. 
Management: 
See, if you look at our financials as at end of June, the net debt in our books is around 29,500 
crores, okay. Now for the growth that we've undertaken or we are invested in, we have a capex 
left of around INR7,000 crores - INR8,000 crores, which will be spending in, say, 18 to 24 
months. That includes BALCO, some left over Lanjigarh augmentation and the mine project. 
 
Now coming to the new expansion 3 MTPA, presently, we explained last time also, as of now, 
we are on a drawing board. We are in the process of land acquisition, finalizing the technology 
partners and the packages. And as and when we will have details, we will come to the board. 
But today, if you ask me, the net debt stands at INR29,500 crores. The leftover capex to be spent 
on the growth already announced is around INR7,000 crores to INR8,000 crores, including 
BALCO. And that's it. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
And what would be the -- I mean, total capex for '27 and '28, so INR7,000, INR8,000 and plus 
some maintenance, right? 
Management: 
Yes, broadly, yes. For this year, it will be around INR5,000 crores plus another, say, INR2,000 
crores of maintenance. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 14 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. So is it safe to assume that the next phase of growth, at least, since the plans are not 
yet firmed up, will start towards the end of '28 capex or maybe in '29 only? 
Management: 
As I said, maybe in a quarter or so, we will come back to the market with further details. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. I have a couple of more questions. One on VISL, I just want to understand what are 
the next key hurdles and milestones we are looking at for starting or completing the expansion 
of Bokaro Phase 2? 
Management: 
Navin, Pankaj, over to you. 
Management: 
So for ESL, I will say that in this quarter, we have received the Stage 1 forest clearance. And we 
are in the process of getting Stage 2, and we are expecting, by end of quarter 2, we will be 
completing that clearance. And by end of this financial year, we will be able to complete the 
expansion project. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. Understood. And just one last question on aluminum again, sorry. What is the 
difference of delivered price of bought-out alumina versus captive? And with Sijimali coming 
in, what sort of cost savings do we expect purely from the bought out bauxite mine? 
Management: 
See, broadly at today's API and assuming that this Middle East prices will normally bottom out 
or will even out, the difference will be to the tune of $50, $60 when you look at the captive 
alumina versus the bought out alumina. Now this captive alumina also has 50% of the imported 
bauxite. 
 
And to address your question that once Sijimali starts ramping up, we can expect, say, another 
$40 to $50 per ton reduction. And it will all depend on what percentage of Sijimali we will be 
able to ramp up and how soon we will be able to ramp up. The idea is to start it after monsoon. 
This year, we're expecting 1 million to 2 million tons. And the next year, it can be between 6 
million to 7 million tons. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Okay. Got it. So $40 to $50 at the alumina level, right? 
Management: 
Yes, numbers I spoke was on the alumina. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. Sir, but I mean, we've just got Stage 2 forest clearance and EC. So I think mining 
lease and then consent to operate all these approvals can come within the next couple of months 
and we can start production by fourth quarter. Is that a realistic expectation? 
Management: 
Given the current scenario, yes, we have made good progress in the last quarter in terms of 
getting up to FC2. No the efforts are on. We are working very closely with the government. And 
this is how we look very positive. The government is also very positive in terms of investments 
in the state. So we are quite hopeful that this is what will happen. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood. And just one last clarification. So all these mines is under VAL. So what is the 
transfer pricing to BALCO? And is it fair to assume that all the cost saving, etcetera, will be 
reflecting more under VAL than BALCO? 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 15 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Management: 
So the transfer is at arms-length and we are governed by that. As regards transfer from the 
Lanjigarh to BALCO is concerned. Just to clarify. Now when you're talking about the mines, 
BALCO also has one mine by the name of Barra. So the coal will come from there. Rest of 
mines are with VAML, which will be used for VAML's own use. And coming to bauxite, then 
the idea is to take it to Lanjigarh what Rajesh ji said that any alumina from Lanjigarh to BALCO 
is today also at arms length basis. 
Management: 
Sumangal, thank you. We have a very long queue of people who are waiting in the queue for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from Sabri with Emkay Global. 
Sabri: 
Just one question. So if I look into your oil and gas numbers. So my oil prices have gone up by 
around 30%. My production is down by around 4% to 5%. But still, my revenue has remained 
flat Q-o-Q. And my EBITDA is also up INR200 crores only because of this increase in stock, 
whereas my opex etcetera everything has remained same. So can you just give an explanation 
for this? Why it has remained largely flat Q-o-Q? 
Management: 
This is Arpit here. I'm the CFO for the Oil & Gas business. If you see quarter-on-quarter, given 
the cyclic nature of our sales pattern, you note about 85% is the volumes that we have sold. And 
post-monsoon, this will get liquidated as a typical sales pattern that we have. Does this clarify 
your question or anything else? 
Sabri: 
So if the production and sales number has got a deviation due to which the numbers are like this. 
Yes, okay, got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Amit Murarka with Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
So just on the hot metal cost. This quarter, I think it's gone down a bit. So just wanted to 
understand, like, I mean given the inflation that we were seeing, generally speaking, on fuel cost 
and power cost in the quarter, what are the factors that have reduced the hot metal cost for you? 
And secondly, what was the outlook for the cost going ahead? 
Management: 
Anup? 
Management: 
Yes. Thank you, Amit. So see, I already covered. For the quarter 2, we expect the cost to be 
marginally higher, and we said that because of the planned shutdowns, and you would recall that 
during the monsoon period, there are normally some power plants shut down. So the cost will 
be marginal. 
Now coming to the quarter-on-quarter, see the cost has come down due to increased captive 
consumption of alumina, the lower coal price per se and of course, because we are talking dollar, 
you can also say that a little bit of a rupee cost divided by dollar is also there. 
Why I'm saying this is because as you would recall, last quarter also, we said that post this 
Middle East disruptions, we have been hit by the carbon cost and the furnace oil cost. So on a 
net-to-net basis, if you look at our guidance, what did we say? 1,650 to 1,700 and additional 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
USD50 to USD100 for the Middle East disruption. So we are very much there in the target. And 
as I stated in my commentary also, that we will be within our guidance of 1,650 to 1,700 as we 
complete the year. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure. Understood. And just a comment that you could give on the lower sales volume, while 
production, as you mentioned, is the highest ever. The sales volume has not inched up in the 
quarter. So why was this inventory build up there in Q1? 
Management: 
See, what happens, normally at the fourth quarter or the end quarter, there is a tendency to clean 
up the stock. So to that extent, we will see, some 7-8 kt has been added. Otherwise, there has 
been no addition to the inventory. Because normally in the quarter, in the year end, there is a 
tendency that we wipe off the inventory lying at the stock and everywhere. 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay. Understood. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Pinakin with HSBC. 
Pinakin: 
Can you walk us through the Sijimali bauxite mine process? So there was a stage 2 forest 
clearance. What are the approvals from here? What are the timelines you're expecting? To get 
us an idea of when can we actually start mining? And where are the approvals required at 
national, state and other agency levels? 
Management: 
So we finally have to get the consent to operate. So we are getting that, in the process of getting 
that. And we expect that to happen in this quarter. And as mentioned, after this quarter monsoon 
and rain, we plan to start the mine. 
Pinakin: 
Okay. So just to be clear, the consent to operate is the only approval required. And after that, 
you can start mining? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Pinakin: 
Understood. And taking forward the process from a regulatory to actual mining, right, what are 
the activities on the ground you would -- because I assume this is a virgin mine, you would have 
to overburden removal, the preparation of roads and everything. So how long a process do you 
see of work on the ground before you can scale up to, let's say, 4 million to 5 million tons of 
bauxite mining? 
Management: 
So compared to coal, bauxite is slightly easier to mine and very little overburden and these things 
are required. And in addition to that, we operate through MDO partners who develop and to do 
the mining for us and deliver the ore. So we have already appointed the MDO partner for 
Sijimali. And so we are ready. In fact, the preparation was done at the beginning of the year 
itself for, as far as the mining activity is concerned. So as soon as we get the approval, the mining 
can start. 
Pinakin: 
Got it. And my last question is on coal. Given that the mining operation permission has been 
obtained at the Kuraloi coal mine, what is the mine volumes that you expect in F '28 and '29? 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
And secondly, if you were to draw a similar parallel for the Ghogharpalli mine, what kind of 
coal production can we expect over the next 2 years, '28 and '29? 
Management: 
So we expect from Kuraloi this financial year to mine up to 2 million tons. And Ghogharpalli, 
we are just evaluating. But this year, I think we will wait when we start the work to estimate. 
Pinakin: 
And Kuraloi can increase to how much from 2 to next year? 
Management: 
8 million tons. 
Pinakin: 
It can, you are confident that you can go to 8 million tons next year if you start this year? 
Management: 
Yes, this year 2 and next year, 8 million tons is our current plan. 
Pinakin: 
Okay, got it. Thank you very much sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Ritesh Shah with Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. First question on aluminum. Can you help us with the hedges 
for the balance 3 quarters by volume and price by quarter, if possible? 
Management: 
See, Ritesh, as I said, for the balance 3 quarters, -- so we are hedged about 28% at an average 
price of 3062 $/t. And if you are specifically asking about Q2, then we are hedged about 270 kt 
and the strike price is 2830 $/t. 
Ritesh Shah: 
270 kt at INR2830, right? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Hello, yes, that helps. Sir, second, I just wanted to check on Saudi assets. Have we firmed up 
the capex because I think you did indicate that exploration partner has been finalized. How 
should we look at the incremental progress over there and the time lines? 
Management: 
So as of now, we are on the exploration partner finalization. And post after that, only we'll come 
back and inform you regarding the capex approval for that. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. My third question was on bauxite mix, going back to aluminium. It has reduced from 66% 
to 46%. I just wanted to understand, on an absolute tonnage standpoint, how much are we 
procuring from OMC right now? What is the corresponding price? And outside of OMC, what's 
the average price that we are looking at? Just trying to do the math that once Sijimali comes 
through, how the economics can change? 
Management: 
See, Ritesh, I will give you some broad numbers, okay? Now domestic, as you rightly said, we 
are doing about 46% to 50% of the alumina that we produce. Now if you look at the alumina 
cost from the domestic bauxite because OMC or broadly, the other bauxite also that we pick up 
are more or less at the same price. So we make the alumina at a cost of around $300. Sijimali 
also when we begin, we expect that the cost will be at a similar level. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Ritesh Shah: 
All right. So would it be possible for you to quantify how much is the procurement rate from 
OMC right now? And has this number changed over the last three, four years? 
Management: 
Ritesh, you are aware that this matter is sub judice, that is where I did not want to indicate the 
number because you are aware that we are getting this under the court order as of now. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. And last question, I think probably Ajay ji can look at. Any particular reason 
why we are not indicating payout policy for all the companies? So you have indicated a pretty 
good commentary at, for all the five entities together. Any time lines over there? And secondly, 
there is an ICD of INR960 crores at VISL. How should we look into that? 
Management: 
So Ritesh, in terms of the payout, I assume we mean the dividend payout, isn't it? 
Ritesh Shah: 
That's right. 
Management: 
You may have seen in the last, the Board meeting post demerger, and all the new four companies 
also have adopted their own policy on dividends. The key change remains, in the past, our policy 
was slightly more directive. It was prescriptive, for example, a payout of 30% of the PAT or 
passing on dividend within some time frame. 
Post demerger, the key change remains, the policy has changed from being a prescriptive to 
more descriptive. And in that case, basically, all the four companies' Board will have a far bigger 
flexibility. So depending upon need for the capex in terms of profits claw back and the payout, 
they can decide. 
Having said that, all the four companies are also cut from the same growth. So the Vedanta 
overall group philosophy continues. What we earlier committed that for the parent company, 
debt will go down from current $5 billion down to $3 billion over two years. And overall, 
Vedanta India leverage from 0.9x will go down to 0.7x. So in summary, overall, one can safely 
model that 4% to 5% dividend on each company's market capitalization is a number what we 
are targeting for the group. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And sir, on ICD? 
Management: 
Ritesh, can you repeat the question? 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, VISL has an ICD of INR960 crores. Just wanted to understand where is it heading to? And 
what was the interest cost over there? So this number was INR9434 crores, March '26. I think it 
would be because of the demerger, and that number is reduced to INR960 crores. 
Management: 
Yes, that's right. Navin, can you take this? 
Management: 
Sir, thanks. So Ritesh, as a part of demerger restructuring, there was a waiver of intercompany 
loans and related interest to the tune of close to INR13,000 crores. And this is the amount which 
is there in the VISL books after the entire restructuring, which was completed. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sorry, I could not comprehend it. Can you please come again? This number was INR13,000 
crores? This was a waiver of intercompany loans and? 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 19 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Management: 
So out of INR13,000 crores, total INR14,000 crores, INR13,000 crores had been waived off the 
intercompany loan and INR960 crores stands in the books, which is payable as a part of the 
restructuring. 
Ritesh Shah: 
And this is to VRL? 
Management: 
This is to Vedanta Limited. 
Ritesh Shah: 
This is to Vedanta Limited. Okay, fair. And lastly, would you like to comment on the real estate 
value unlocking? The PPT mentioned about INR30,000-plus crores. How should one 
understand, appreciate this? 
Management: 
At a thematic level, Ritesh, we’re just at the beginning, right? I mean, not the conclusion. And 
in fact, the demerger lead to many more restructuring possible. What we're trying to do. And 
right now, we're looking at multiple assets on Vedanta's balance sheet. And they are industrial 
lands at the same time, properties at the posh location. 
In Vedanta alone, as in Vedanta Limited loan, we got more than 2,000 acres of land. The 
intention is to demerge those real estate into a pure-play company, and that can again lead to 
significant value unlock. The number of INR30,000 crores or $3 billion right now is more 
aspirational. 
The whole demerger, if you also look at in Vedanta's experience, so Vedanta's demerger, it was 
far more complex. It took us two years time. Particularly in the Indian NCLT parlance, anything 
between nine to twelve months timeframe. So the entire demerger of real estate also will undergo 
the same kind of rhythm. 
It is almost a year from now. But our intention remains across the group, entire real estate, which 
is additional not required for the business will be demerged into a company, and we intend to 
foray in that business. If you look around really large industrial house and you can even find 
them, are on the same path. 
Ritesh Shah: 
 
Sure. This is helpful. Thank you very much. All the very best. 
Management: 
Thanks Ritesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Abhishek Poddar with Citadel 
International Equities. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Thank you for taking my question. This is regarding Vedanta Power. If you can give us some 
understanding regarding the regulatory approvals required for the restart of Sakti Energy Plant, 
in terms of what are the bottlenecks there? And also if the contractors are already working for 
the site or the work is dependent upon the regulatory approvals getting received? 
Management: 
So if I could understand your question right, the plant is already under revival. The contractor is 
already working from almost a month on the revival, and 26% of the revival has already been 
completed. We are expecting to start the units by end of September or first week of October, 
that's the plan. So I said, there is no hurdle we are seeing at this moment. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 20 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Okay. And do you need any statutory approval sir, for this? The district magistrate or any such 
approvals? 
Management: 
So we have already intimated all the authority before start of work. And the major approval 
generally is required from the boiler inspector and the factory inspector. All have been intimated 
before start of work, and they are also coming and doing the in-state inspection. Finally, once 
the boiler is ready for starting, there will be a natural visit by the Boiler Inspector for certifying 
the fitness and then the plant is started. So as said, there is no hurdle. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understood. And for the Unit 2, also if you can give us some more colour in terms of what 
percentage of completion was to be done and how the work is progressing there? 
Management: 
So it is going as per plan. We want to complete all the activity related to Unit 2 by end of this 
year, and that's where we are as of now. We are not seeing any issue further. 
Abhishek Poddar: 
Understand. And for the PPAs, for what has been left out in terms of capacity, so any 
understanding there, what is available and how are you approaching them? 
Management: 
So, we commissioned 700-megawatt at Meenakshi and 600-megawatt last year at Athena, right? 
And out of these 1,600 megawatts, we already have tied up 500-megawatt with Tamil Nadu. 
And recently, we have also got 1-year contract with Kerala, which is taking the total capacity 
tied up to 600 out of these 2 these plants. 
We are not very much behind blocking PPA at any rate. If you look at what we tied up with 
Tamil Nadu for 5 years or one of the best rates available among all the PPAs which was tied up 
last year. And now when we are tying up for Kerala, 1 year, that also is at a respective rate of 
INR5.96 - INR5.97. So, we are very picky and choosy because Indian power demand is growing 
and so the market rates are. 
If you look the difference between last year DAM rate versus this year DAM rate, we're already 
seeing a difference of around INR1 average. So, I think it's a good opportunity for us, but we are 
only looking at all the opportunity very carefully because we want to tie up at respectable rate 
only. So, I'm very hopeful that eventually this year also, we should tie up some capacity, which 
is remaining at a right rate. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Jashandeep Singh with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Jashandeep Singh: 
My first question is for Vedanta Aluminum. Sir, want your view on listening on the long term. 
Firstly, you have given guidance on how second quarter and this couple of quarters will be. But 
going ahead for the next couple of years, what are the key cost savings and operational efficiency 
measures that you are taking? And if you can just quantify how much value accretive, they will 
be, that would be great, sir. 
Management: 
Yes. Let me take this question. So, we spoke about the hot metal cost of $1,700 per ton in this 
quarter. Okay. From here -- from here -- sorry. So, on the cost, if you look at, say, 3, 4 quarters 
down the line, we expect the cost to go down…Your voice is echoing from somewhere, I think. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 21 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Moderator: 
Jashandeep, sir, we request you to self-mute your line when the management is speaking. 
Jashandeep Singh: 
My line is on mute only. 
Management: 
Okay. No problem. So, what -- so I was saying that in, say, 3, 4 quarters now, when you look at 
the costs, say from $1,700 today, we expect a reduction of $175 to $200. And the areas from 
where the savings will come, one, as and when the Lanjigarh ramps up. Today, we are doing 
about 70%, 72%. And with Lanjigarh ramping up to 5 million tons, we will be closer to 90%. 
So that's one. Second, we spoke about Sijimali and the captive bauxite, how -- once it ramps up 
and the cost benefit. 
The third is once you have Ghogharpalli coming into the play, we will start getting the 
advantages out of it. So, if I were to specify your numbers, say, on $175 savings, 70% of it will 
be alumina plus bauxite and the balance will be the coal. And we expect in, say, 3 to 4 quarters, 
we should start realizing those savings. 
Jashandeep Singh: 
So, my second question, again, a little long term in nature. BALCO has already become net cash. 
And given your run rate of EBITDA, there is massive deleveraging potential at Vedanta 
Aluminum as well. In line with that, sir, I know you have answered it on a group level, but what 
is the capital allocation policies that you will be following at Vedanta Aluminum? And if you 
can just quantify what will be this year and next year capex at both with Vedanta Aluminum and 
BALCO separately? 
Management: 
Yes, you're right. See, Ajay actually elaborated it in detail, so I'll not get into that because you 
mentioned it. Now coming to the capex, as I said, for the year as a whole, FY27, okay, we expect 
the capex to be around INR5,000 crores for this year. INR2,000 to INR2,500 crore will be 
BALCO and the rest will be VAML. And next year also, maybe the capex can be around 
INR3,500 to INR4,000 crore because BALCO will be done, and we will be left with only the 
mines capex. 
Jashandeep Singh: 
So, sir, is it safe to say that for the next couple of years that... 
Management: 
We have not included what is on the drawing board. That is the growth... 
Management: 
As and when the 3 MTPA comes on, 3 MTPA also, see, Ajay said no, with a leverage below 1, 
okay? I don't think the money will come in the way of growth and sale. So, I said when we 
announced, they will also come with the details on the funding plans. But robust earnings and 
the leverage below 1, I think we're very comfortable even with that 3 MTPA expansion as and 
when we announce it. 
Management: 
So just to give you an idea, see, per ton, setting up an aluminum facility, I can give the numbers 
for BALCO has been around $2,500 per ton. So, if you set up a 3 million unit, you can easily 
calculate what will be the capex required. But having said that, the capex is also phased. And 
initially, the first 2 years, you are just ordering. So only 10% or whatever is the order cost, that 
is the money which flows out. 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
The maximum capex would happen in the third year after you start the project. So that is how 
the capex outflow will be there for the growth. And we are very confident, given the earnings 
which we are having currently, and Arunji also alluded to that. See, BALCO has invested 
INR10,800 crores on the growth. And even while it has not reached the full capacity, it is debt 
free. So, you can see very easily how much internal accruals can generate. I hope I have tried to 
answer your question. 
Jashandeep Singh: 
Just one last question, a little operation one, sir. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Singh, sorry to interrupt, we request you to return -- several participants 
please waiting for their turn. We have our next question coming from the line of Shubham Jain 
with Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Shubham Jain: 
Congratulations for the very good result. I just had one question. Given that CRISIL and ICRA 
have already upgraded Vedanta Limited, while in the ratings continue to maintain an AA- with 
rating watch. So, has management received any specific feedback from the ratings on additional 
conditions or any milestone required for rating upgrades? Can you talk about the rating agency? 
Management: 
So, Shubham, it is only a question of time. You may have seen the entire rating upgrade that 
began with ICRA a couple of months ago. And now CRISIL has followed the path. There is no 
reason why India Ratings has to be different. Typically, from a rating company's a viewpoint, it 
is a function of the numerical, which is a hard fact. 
And the second is a perception. I think on both accounts, we do foresee that India rating soon 
will approach rating committee, and even that will become AA+. So, it is only a process and a 
question of time. That work within the weeks, not even months. 
Moderator: 
Our next question comes from the line of Ashish Kejriwal with Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Two quick questions on BALCO only. One, where we are at the port ramp-up at BALCO and 
how we are seeing the trend going ahead? And when we can reach the full capacity at BALCO? 
Second thing is, as BALCO has become net cash -- and for this 3-million-ton capacity also which 
we are talking about, that I'm assuming that we are talking about that with Vedanta Aluminum 
standalone level, and BALCO participating in that. 
So, what we are going to do with the cash, which is being generated by BALCO? Can it be given 
a dividend to Vedanta Aluminum and then it can be passed on to Vedanta shareholders or what's 
the thought process on that front? 
Management: 
Yes. So as regards BALCO ramp-up is concerned, against a plan of 22 kt in Q1, BALCO 
produced 24 kt from the new potline. As we speak, the rest of the 25% capacity -- and this is 
with the 25% capacity being commissioned. And as we speak, the rest, 25% is being 
commissioned. And this year, we will get a volume close to around 260 or 270 kt from BALCO. 
But having said that, the entire facility will be commissioned or in full production as we exit this 
year. So next year also, we will get another 190 kt from BALCO so that we realize our total 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 23 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
volume of 435 kt from BALCO expansion. The next question was about what will BALCO do 
with the. So one is that BALCO has some plans to start the Barra mine. 
And there also government has given some very early-stage initiatives for coal gasification. So 
we are exploring all that. All that is on the drawing board. Nothing particular as such as regards 
the commitment. But these are the options for BALCO to grow. In addition, it can grow in the 
power assets also. We are looking at it. And also the capital restructure or how the cash will be 
managed, we will take the decision as and when we have that scenario quarter-on-quarter. 
Anupji, if you can add. 
Management: 
Ashish I'll only add see both because you mentioned 3 MTPA, you mentioned dividends. I'm 
saying, yes, they are prerogative of the Board. But I can only tell you, all the options are on the 
table. And why not BALCO capital structure and since we are on the drawing board, BALCO 
can even participate in 3 MTPA. All options are there on the table. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Okay, that's great. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from Raashi with Citi. 
Rashi: 
My first question is on VRL, with the whole deleveraging refinancing that you've done, what is 
the outflow expected for this year and next year? 
Management: 
Okay. So as on June end, we have a debt at about 5 billion. And for the remainder of the year, 
we need to pay only interest of 0.3, and we also have to fund KCM obligation 0.1. So in 
summary, in the remainder of the 9 months, we need roughly 400 million out of the Vedanta 
resources. 
How that can be funded? You may have seen in the current fiscal, none of the Vedanta 
companies has paid dividend. Vedanta Aluminum just declared a dividend. Out of the current 
quantum with 8 per share, that leads to almost 175 million at Vedanta Resources. So in summary, 
in the remainder of the year, the need for cash at VRL is about 0.4 billion. It will be met mostly 
through dividends. 
If I look at next year, FY '28, right now, we got to 1 billion of bridge financing. It is a temporary 
arrangement. If I leave that aside, that will be refinanced very soon. We need again almost 1 
billion at Vedanta Resources. This number in FY '29, the next year, at about 730 million. So a 
billion next year, 730 million in FY '29. 
Again, it is a combination of the brand fee, almost 400 million to 450 million, and the balance 
550 million to 600 million, again will be dividend. So in summary, through a contractual brand 
fee and a routine, 2% to 4% dividend VRL will be self-managed. 
Rashi: 
Sorry, you mentioned in FY '27 -- sorry, this year to 300 million of interest. And what was the 
other 100 million? 
Management: 
KCM funding is at about 100 million. 
Rashi: 
KCM funding, okay. And the 1 billion in FY '28, how does that break up? 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Management: 
Roughly, it is equally. So the loan repayment at about 330 million. Interest, again, 350 million. 
And KCM, again, 350 million obviously combined or 1/3 each is almost 1 billion. 
Rashi: 
And brand fee percentage is fixed until when? 
Management: 
It's a long-term contract that our brand fee agreement is valued in the 2038. All the 5 companies 
Board has again now done a revised benchmarking in an unbundled format. So practically across 
3 businesses, this rate 3%. And only in case of power and copper, it is 0.75. So net-net for the 
next 3 years, rate remains unchanged. 
Rashi: 
When you say 3 years, FY '30? 
Management: 
'27, 8 and '29. So until March '29, it is fixed. 
Rashi: 
Okay. Then just on the Zinc international business, what kind of cost and volume expectations 
should one have for the remaining year run going forward? 
Management: 
Volume expectation is the immediate goal is to get 300 kt mark and then go to 500 kt mark. So 
the Phase 2 expansion and finally finish at 750 kt mark. So if you look at current 250 kt of 
concentrator getting commissioned, if you add that to 200 kt, we see in a year surely touching 
450 kt mark in VZI. And when it touches 450 kt mark, the costs would come down to USD1,200 
- the target that we are talking. 
Rashi: 
But this year, in FY '27, what should we think about volumes and costs? 
Management: 
There is some shortfall in the beginning, but yes, we'll try to be close to the guidance. 
Rashi: 
On the cost as well as the cost appears to be quite high from there to what you guided? 
Management: 
No, but we are surely working towards reducing costs. So we will see if we have to revise, we'll 
do it in H2, not now. 
Rashi: 
Understood. 
Management: 
Rashi, if you have seen, yes, Arunji in his commentary has explained on the restructured contract 
at BMM, which is aimed at bringing down the costs. So you can see the slide, where we've 
explained that BMM was having a fixed cost model. Now it has been brought down to variable 
cost model. So quarter-on-quarter, you will see a cost reduction. And that's how we are trying to 
achieve the guidance which has been given for the current financial year. 
Rashi: 
And just one last question for me for Vedanta Limited. You've given the capex expenditure both 
on growth as well as sales talents for the quarter. What is the target for FY '27? 
Management: 
Can you repeat your question? 
Rashi: 
Capital expense for the Vedanta Limited, what is the growth in sustaining capex targeted for the 
full year? 

 
 
 
July 30, 2026 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Sensitivity: Internal (C3) 
Management: 
So I'll have the number. So in terms of Vedanta Limited, which consists of Zinc India, Zinc 
International, Copper and couple of others. For the growth capex, the number is almost 
INR7,000 crores. So INR5,000 crore for Zinc India and INR2,000 crores for the remainder 
businesses. INR7,000 crores growth capital at Vedanta Limited. The maintenance capex is 
almost INR4,000 crores, and out of which a significant portion, almost 70%, again at Zinc India 
and balance at Zinc International. So INR7,000 crores and INR4,000 crores 
Rashi: 
 
 
Got it. Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Your next question comes from the line of Indrajit Agarwal with CLSA. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
Ajay, you mentioned a few times to look at it as a group entity, but still there are 5 different 
listed entities and the cash flows will clearly be different. So is it fair to assume that at no point 
in time, we will see any kind of intercompany transactions among these 5 entities? 
Management: 
Routine RPTs, I think, is a norm for any large conglomerate. And I can't think of any example 
in the country where one large company, which has margin businesses, don't have RPTs. Of 
course, within the RPT compliances and following all the governance requirement. If you're 
leaning towards any intercorporate loans and deposits, then the answer is no. So across all the 5 
companies, 6 of them actually in Vedanta India. And from Indian entities to Vedanta Resources, 
we are not forcing any kind of inter-corporate loans. 
Indrajit Agarwal: 
That is comforting. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Thank you, Sagar, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your continued interest 
in Vedanta group of companies. We appreciate your time and your engagement and the 
thoughtful questions. In case there are any further questions, any query is not answered on the 
call, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. 
With that, we are concluding today's call, and we look forward to speaking with you again at the 
end of October, which is our Q2 numbers. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Vedanta Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 

Earnings Presentation
1Q FY27
This is a revised version of the Earnings Call Presentation uploaded on July 29, 2026. 
Changes have been made to slide 2 ESG and slide 6 Financial Highlights.

2
ESG
0.1
0.03
0.12
0.13
0.22
0.38
0.83
0.65
FY24
FY25
FY26
Q1 FY27
LTIFR
TRIFR
Our commitment to excellence – our path to leadership
Safety Performance
ESG Highlights
Renewable power sourcing of 40+ 
million units (or MM kWh), 124 
ktCO2e/annum emission 
avoidance
~12 kbbls waste & sludge 
processing done
OUR PLANET
OUR COMMUNITIES
OUR WORKPLACE
Outreach to ~ 0.6 Mn 
beneficiaries across our 
engagement programs
~ 1k students supported 
through career counselling & 
vocational training
Critical risk management trainings 
conducted across sites
Awarded India’s Best Workplaces, 
Oil & Gas 2026 by GPWI
Re-affirming our commitment to 
Health and Safety
Developing a Safety mindset 
across our employees and 
partners alike
OUR COMMITMENT

3
• Continued disruptions in global oil production and supply 
chains with swinging status of opening of Strait of 
Hormuz, with Red Sea conflict further disrupting it 
• Offtake of Middle Eastern oil production has seen 
maximum disruptions with global supply chains still adapting 
to a new normal
• Supply glut during brief open periods of Strait of Hormuz 
sharply drove down oil prices inducing even more variability 
into pricing
• Damages to Qatar’s gas processing facilities expected to 
impact global gas trade balances for the foreseeable future
Macro-Environment
Conflicts continue to affect market dynamics
Source for Graph: Reuters Monthly Poll
FY24
FY25
FY26
Q1 FY27
Dated Brent crude prices in $ per barrel
$ 83 / bbl
$ 79 / bbl
$ 70 / bbl
$ 98 / bbl
Conflict Impact

4
Production Highlights
Resilient Operations across Assets effectively managing reservoir decline
63.0
66.1
74.4
14.7
15.4
18.9
77.7
81.5
93.2
1QFY27
4QFY26
1QFY26
63.1
67.1
74.6
1QFY27
4QFY26
1QFY26
11.6
11.2
15.2
1QFY27
4QFY26
1QFY26
3.1
3.1
3.5
1QFY27
4QFY26
1QFY26
Rajasthan
Offshore*
OALP Blocks
Oil
Gas in kboepd terms
•
Partial shift to low-pressure 
operations improving well 
deliverability
•
Successes from targeted 
well intervention activities
Continuing stable operations 
across Jaya and Hazarigaon
•
Successful well productivity 
improvement interventions in 
Mangala
•
Targeted well recovery in 
satellite operations
•
CapEx: 3 wells online; 5 drilled 
Notes: Gross operated volumes reported in kboepd; *Includes Cambay; *Cambay matter is sub-judice and under dispute 

5
Decreasing Costs
FY24
FY25
FY26
FY27
Step change in cost profile delivered, a leading performance among tertiary recovery fields
• Optimized commodity consumption by focusing on injection patterns
• Maximizing well gains by targeted rigless interventions
• On-boarding end-to-end Surface O&M as well as Chemicals partners in Rajasthan, allowing for further cost synergies 
Note: Plot for Direct Operating Costs (pre-ASP)

6
Q1 FY27 Financial Highlights
EBITDA
REVENUE
EBITDA Margin
PAT Before 
Exceptional 
ROCE*
Net Debt**
Liquid Investments 
incl Cash & Cash 
Equivalent
Credit Rating
₹ 2,507 crore
 3% q-o-q
₹ 1,232 crore
  16% q-o-q
49%
  20% q-o-q
₹ 194 crore
(from continuing Operations)                 
7.04%
Near Zero
₹ 2,859 crore
AA+
*ROCE is EBIT (TTM) divided by average capital employed. Average Capital Employed pertains to continuing operations and includes Equity and Net Debt.
**Net Debt is Gross Debt net off Liquid Investments incl Cash and Cash Equivalents

7
EBITDA Bridge (Q1 FY27 vs. Q4 FY26)
(In ₹ crore)
1,057 
368 
1,425 
(216)
50 
(28)
1,232 
Q4 FY26
Price
Re-based Q4 FY26
Volume
Cost
Others
Q1 FY27
+16%  QoQ

8
EBITDA Bridge (Q1 FY27 vs. Q1 FY26)
(In ₹ crore)
1,272 
410 
1,682 
(266)
44 
(228)
1,232 
Q1 FY26
Price
Re-based Q1 FY26
Volume
Cost
Others
Q1 FY27
Flat QoQ

Appendix

10
Summary of Income Statement
(In ₹ crore)
Particulars
Q1 FY27 
Q4 FY26 
Q1FY26 
QoQ (%)
YoY (%)
FY26 
Revenue
2,507
2,584
2,303
(3%)
9%
9,582
EBITDA 
1,232
1,057
1,272
16%
(3%)
4,340
Depreciation & Amortisation
741
1,037
664
(29%)
12%
3,043
Exploration cost written off
426
161
757
>100%
(44%)
1,252
Net Interest
- Finance Cost
110
150
167
(27%)
(34%)
650
- Investment Revenue
151
184
320
(18%)
(53%)
958
Other Gains/(losses)
(8)
14
10
148
PBT before exceptional items
114
(120)
(6)
206
Tax Expense
(80)
140
9
289
PAT before Exceptional items
194
(260)
(15)
(83)
Exceptional Items (Net of tax)
(345)
(0)
0
(33)
PAT
(152)
(260)
(15)
(116)
Discontinued Operations
1,097
(219)
(89)
(377)
PAT incl Discontinued Operation
945
(479)
(104)
(493)
1.
Revenue is higher by 9% YoY supported by higher Brent (54%). It is lower by 3% QoQ due to lower production (5%)
2.
Exploration cost written off in Q1 FY27 towards 4 OALP blocks.
3.
Tax Expense is after taking into account MEL’s losses.
4.
Exceptional items for Q1 FY27 consists of demerger expenses and provision for Cambay impairment
5.
PAT from Discontinued Operations consist of MEL’s slump sale net off  April’26 loss in MEL and profit in ASI

11
Block-wise Summary
Particulars (in kboepd) 
Quarter
FY
1QFY27
1QFY26
% YoY
4QFY26
FY26
Average Daily Gross Operated Production (kboepd) 
77.7
93.2
-17%
81.5
87.2
Rajasthan 
63.1
74.6
-15%
67.1
70.4
Ravva 
7
8.4
-17%
7.4
8.1
Cambay*
4.6
6.8
-32%
3.8
5.3
OALP 
3.1
3.5
-12%
3.1
3.4
Average Daily Working Interest Production (kboepd) 
51.1
60.8
-16%
53.9
57.2
Rajasthan 
44.2
52.2
-15%
47
49.3
Ravva 
1.6
1.9
-17%
1.7
1.8
Cambay*
1.8
2.7
-32%
1.5
2.1
KG-ONN 2003/1 
0.5
0.5
0%
0.5
0.5
OALP 
3.1
3.5
-12%
3.1
3.4
Total Oil and Gas (million boe)  
Oil & Gas- Gross operated 
7.1
8.5
-17%
7.3
31.8
Oil & Gas-Working Interest 
4.7
5.5
-16%
4.8
20.9
Financials (In ₹ crore, except as stated) 
Revenue 
2,507
2,303
9%
2,584
9,582
EBITDA 
1,232
1,272
-3%
1,057
4,340
Average Oil Price Realization  ($/bbl) 
99.7
65.6
52%
79.4
68.3
Brent Price ($ / bbl) 
104.5
67.8
54%
81.1
70.5
*Cambay matter is sub-judice and under dispute

12
Block-wise Summary
Particulars (kboepd) 
Quarter
FY
1QFY27
1QFY26
% YoY
4QFY26
FY26
Average Daily Production 
Gross operated  
77.7
93.2
-17%
81.5
87.2
 Oil  
63
74.4
-15%
66.1
70.2
 Gas (Mmscfd) 
88
113
-22%
92
102
Non-operated- Working interest 
0.5
0.5
0%
0.5
0.5
Working Interest  
51.1
60.8
-16%
53.9
57.2
Rajasthan (Block RJ-ON-90/1) 
Gross operated  
63.1
74.6
-15%
67.1
70.4
 Oil  
52
60.7
-14%
55.3
57.9
 Gas (Mmscfd) 
66
83
-21%
71
75
Gross DA 1 
52.3
64.3
-19%
57.2
60.5
Gross DA 2 
10.8
10.2
6%
9.9
9.8
Gross DA 3 
0
0.1
-58%
0.1
0.1
Working Interest  
44.2
52.2
-15%
47
49.3
Ravva (Block PKGM-1) 
Gross operated  
7
8.4
-17%
7.4
8.1
 Oil  
6.8
8
-15%
7.1
7.7
 Gas (Mmscfd)  
1
3
-49%
2
2
Working Interest  
1.6
1.9
-17%
1.7
1.8
Cambay (Block CB/OS-2)*
Gross operated  
4.6
6.8
-32%
3.8
5.3
   Oil  
3.6
5.1
-29%
3
3.9
   Gas (Mmscfd) 
6
10
-42%
5
9
Working Interest  
1.8
2.7
-32%
1.5
2.1
OALP 
Gross operated  
3.1
3.5
-12%
3.1
3.4
   Oil  
0.6
0.6
-5%
0.6
0.7
   Gas (Mmscfd) 
15
17
-13%
15
17
Working Interest  
3.1
3.5
-12%
3.1
3.4
Average Price Realization 
  Cairn Total (US$/boe) 
102.5
69.7
47%
77.5
70.5
Oil (US$/bbl) 
99.7
65.6
52%
79.4
68.3
Gas (US$/mmscf) 
18.5
13.7
35%
11.6
13
*Cambay matter is sub-judice and under dispute

13
Disclaimer
This press release contains certain “forward-looking statements”- that is, statements related to future, not statements of historical facts. 
These forward looking statements address our expected future business and financial performance, and can generally be identified by 
words or phrases such as “anticipate”, “likely”, “believe”, “continue”, “expect”, “estimate”, “future”, “forecast”, “seek”, “intend”, “may”, 
“plan”, “potential”, “propose” “shall”, “target”, “will”, or other words or phrases of similar meaning or import.  These forward-looking 
statements are by their nature, predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
For us, uncertainties arise from the behaviour of financial and crude oil and gas markets including fluctuations in interest and or exchange 
rates and crude and gas prices; and from numerous other matters of national, regional, and global scale, including those of a political, 
economic, business, competitive or regulatory nature. These uncertainties may cause our actual future results to be materially different 
that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update our forward-looking statements.
