 
Corporate Office: 
                                                                                                                     Registered Office: 
G2, Farah Winsford, 133 Infantry Road,                                                                                               No.21/1 & 35-A-1, Hosur Main Road, 
Bengaluru-560001. Karnataka                                                                                                                Electronic City, Veerasandra, Bengaluru-560100                                             
Ph.: +91-080-40117777                                                                                                                              Ph.: +91-080-29910702 I 080-29910709 
 
Email :- info@shankarabuildpro.com            I    CIN: L24311KA2023PLC179791        I Website : www.shankarabuildpro.com 
 
 
  Date: August 11, 2026 
 
To  
Department of Corporate services 
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy  
Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Symbol: 544517 
To 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1,  
Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: BUILDPRO 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcripts- Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q1 & FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on August 7, 
2026.  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge.  
 
For Shankara Buildpro Limited 
 
 
Ereena Vikram 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M.No. A33459 
ereena 
vikram
Digitally signed by 
ereena vikram 
Date: 2026.08.11 
10:35:30 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
Shankara Buildpro Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 07. 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Shankara Buildpro Ltd Q1 FY 2027 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by TIL Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. 
Please note, this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sayam 
Pokharna from TIL Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sayam Pokharna: 
Thank you, Steve. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for taking out the 
time to join us today in the Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Conference Call of Shankara Buildpro Ltd. 
The latest Earnings Presentation and Press Release for Q1 Results have been published on the 
Stock Exchange Website and on the Company Website. If you wish to be added to our mailing 
list, please feel free to write to us. 
To take us through today's results, we have with us from the Management Team, Mr. Sukumar 
Srinivas – Managing Director, Mr. Dhananjay Mirlai Srinivas – Executive Director, and Mr. Alex 
Varghese – Chief Financial Officer. 
We will begin with a brief overview of the quarter from Mr. Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas, followed 
by a Q&A session. 
Please note that this conference may contain certain forward-looking statements about the 
performance of the company, which are based on certain beliefs, opinions, and expectations 
of the company as on date of these calls. These statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties. 
With that said, I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Srinivas. 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: Thank you, Sayam. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today as we discuss 
Shankara Buildpro's performance for the 1st Quarter of FY27. 

 
Page 2 of 14 
I am pleased to share that Buildpro has started the new financial year on a strong footing. Total 
revenue from operations stood at Rs. 1,890 crore, up 21% year-on-year, led by continued 
volume growth in our steel marketplace and complemented by a healthy recovery in the non-
steel marketplace. PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 35.8 crore, up 12% year-on-year. 
What makes this performance particularly satisfying is the operating background against which 
it has been delivered, and I will spend some time on that. 
Steel remains the core of our growth engine. Our steel marketplace delivers 2.5 lakh tons of 
volume in Q1 FY27, a growth of 10% year-on-year, marking a good start to the year. Steel 
revenue grew 21% year-on-year to Rs. 1725 crore compared to Q1 FY26. Core categories of 
pipes, tubes, flats, and roofing all recorded good volume growth and we saw a healthy traction 
across both retail and non-retail channels. 
This growth needs to be seen in the context of the quarter the steel industry has had. Q1 FY27 
was a soft quarter for structural and tubular steel demand across the country. Geopolitical 
tensions arising from the West Asia conflict, the resulting energy inflation, and a challenging 
macro environment weighed on market sentiment and on construction activities through April 
and May. 
There was a softening of prices by end April and May which resulted in cautious purchase 
behavior of customers. Things have improved through June and July. It is in that context that 
Buildpro has delivered 10% volume growth in a quarter where the industry has broadly either 
remained flattish or struggled, which speaks to the strength of our marketplace model. 
Our multi-brand sourcing, deep last mile fulfillment network, and a wide customer spectrum 
allow us to keep serving demand across customer categories even when the broader 
environment turns cautious. Sequentially, volumes moderated 13% from a seasonally strong 
Q4 in line with the usual 1st Quarter pattern. Importantly, industry activity in the past month 
points to a recovery in steel demand from Q2 and with prices now stabilizing, the operating 
backdrop for the remainder of FY27 looks distinctly better. 
We remain on course for our 1.2-million-ton steel volume target for FY27. The non-steel 
marketplace has seen a healthy improvement in Q1 FY27 as compared to FY26. We have been 
witnessing macro headwinds for the past two years which kept the building material 
environment tepid. 
Non-steel revenues stood at Rs. 165 crores in Q1 FY27, up 15% year-on-year and 2% 
sequentially. In our last call, we have spoken of an expected resurgence in non-steel through 
FY27 and the 1st Quarter is an early validation of that recovery. 

 
Page 3 of 14 
Our performance for the quarter was driven by a 32% growth in fittings and sanitary ware, our 
largest product category. Accessories and electricals grew by about 40%, albeit on a smaller 
base. The West Asia crisis and subsequent energy deficit hit the tile industry the most. 
However, things have stabilized over the last month and we expect renewed growth in this 
vertical as well. We expect stability in most of our verticals in the non-steel, keeping us on track 
with the non-steel roadmap we outlined last quarter. On profitability, EBITDA for the quarter 
stood at Rs. 62 crores, up 17% year-on-year, with EBITDA margin at 3.26%. PAT stood at Rs. 
35.9 crore, up 12% year-on-year. 
The balance sheet continues to reflect the asset-light character of the business. ROCE for Q1 
FY27 stood at 35%. Working capital was held at 27 days, comfortably under the 30-day mark. 
Finance costs declined to 0.55% of revenue, lower both year-on-year and sequentially, even as 
steel prices and scale of operations rose. This reflects disciplined working capital management. 
Same-store sales growth stood at 21% for the quarter, continuing the momentum of 23% of 
FY26 and validating our strategic approach to store expansion. This quarter, we have added 
three stores client fulfilment centers Mangalore, Mumbai Thrissur and 34 customer 
touchpoints across 45 towns and cities in 10 states. 
Buildpro is built on an evolving playbook across markets and categories, not a single 
marketplace model. We have a wide customer spectrum, with ticket sizes ranging from Rs. 500 
to Rs. 1.5 crores. The same network of stores and fulfillment centres cater to customers ranging 
from homeowners, influencers, contractors, dealers, mid-size builders to large institutions. 
These customers procure materials through various modes like in-person visits, tele calling, 
online platforms, etc. 
This makes Shankara a true omnichannel business. We are a multi-vertical, multi-product, 
multi-brand marketplace, with over Rs. 2 lakh plus SKUs spread across 25 verticals, covering 
almost 75 categories and working with over 100 leading brands. 
Shankara Buildpro is able to service customers with a complete range of steel items, building 
materials and home improvement products, a true one-stop destination for all building 
material needs. Our multi-territory and strong supply chain spread allows genuine penetration 
across metro, tier 1, 2 and 3 markets. Shankara has built a strong presence across urban, semi-
urban and rural India through our network, ensuring grass-root coverage beyond top cities, 
enabling true last-mile serviceability. 
The Buildpro advantage is reflected in our ability to cater to complex needs of the building 
material industry. Every vertical sells differently in India, which changes expectations and 
customer experiences. Buildpro, through our years of experience of trial and error, has 
developed a unique operating model that balances centralized control and systems with local 
autonomy. 

 
Page 4 of 14 
This enables us to cater to regional tastes, customer purchase habits and flexibility to compete 
with local players. Going forward, we are confident of meeting our projections given in the last 
quarter, 20% growth in steel volumes and 25% in non-steel. We have added three fulfillment 
centers in Q1 and we have plans to add around five more in the coming quarters. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our Managing Director who would like to make a few 
comments. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
So, we have also taken another major step forward. This is with a view to encourage wider 
participation by retail and smaller investors and enhancing the liquidity of the company's 
equity shares in the capital market. 
The management has proposed a subdivision or stock split of existing one equity share of the 
company having a face value of Rs.10 only, to fully paid up, into five equity shares having a face 
value of Rs.2, fully paid up. The proposed subdivision will not change, will not result in any 
change in the aggregate amount of the company's issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share 
capital. Subdivision is subject to the approval of the members of the company and such 
statutory, regulatory and other approvals, permissions and sanctions as may be required under 
applicable laws including the Companies Act 2013, the Security and Exchange Board of India 
regulations and the Rules and Regulations of Stock Exchanges where applicable. The Board has 
approved this move and we are awaiting the other approvals which will come in due course. 
And I am also happy to summarize whatever my colleague Mr. Dhananjay has said that in Q1 
the company has given a clear direction to the company's intent. We have a volume growth of 
10% in steel despite the tepid performance by the industry in general. And non-steel has 
rebounded clocking a 15% growth in spite of substantial macro headwinds. 
And we have seen a strong underlying demand in the months of June and July. And we are 
confident that due to this strong demand momentum, we are confident of achieving another 
year of strong, profitable, volume-led growth. With this, we open the floor for questions. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with Question-and-Answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we 
will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question comes from the 
line of Viraj Mehta with Enigma. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hello Sukumar ji. Congratulations to the entire team. Sir, my first question is regarding the 
volume guidance that you have given of 1.2 million tonnes. Sir, if I look at the 1st Quarter, we 
have done 2.5 lakh tonnes. And in terms of even last year, our second half base was like 
reasonably high. So, which will mean we will have to do like 25% or 23-24% growth for the rest 
of the three quarters. So, are we on track of doing let's say 22-23% growth? I mean, are you 

 
Page 5 of 14 
seeing that green shoots even in this quarter or a large portion is kind of backhanded in the 
second half? So, can you please throw some light on that? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
I think we are already seeing very positive volume growth in the month of June. And I think 
that trend is continuing in this quarter also having gone through July. So, I think we will start 
seeing a substantial jump even in this quarter. 
And of course, the last second half is always very strong as you mentioned. So, we are very 
confident that 1.2 million will be achieved. And I mean, unless there are some absolutely 
unforeseen kinds of headwinds, in the current trend, I do see that we should be able to achieve 
those volumes. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. And sir, my second question is regarding the EBITDA margins. Sir, we saw some 
moderation in margins this quarter. 
I am assuming some portion came from either fixed contracts or inventory losses. If you can 
throw some light on that and if we normalize for that, then what would have been the margins 
for us if we normalize for that? And then if we can talk about the steady state EBITDA margins, 
I mean, assuming we do not face inventory losses or gains, what can that be for the rest of the 
year? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
See, I think, yes, in the 1st Quarter definitely because the prices did go up quite a bit in March-
April and then particularly in April and then it immediately started correcting in May and June. 
So, which, like I said, two things happened because of that. I think there was a substantial up 
in April. I think there were some contracts which, you know, we had taken, which ran over from 
March into the current year. So, I think we were also forced to supply in those long-term 
contracts. Secondly, there was a sharp dip in the prices in May and June. I think that resulted 
in erosion of around 10 odd crores, which I think if I factored that in, we would have obviously 
been at a much another 0.5% bps would have probably gone up in the EBITDA, EBITDA, which 
means we would have been around 3.8 or so. So, I think, yes, in a steady state, if we do not 
have the fluctuations of, you know, inventory, I think definitely 3.5 plus is very much our target. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure, sir. And, sir, my last question is on non-steel. Finally, we have seen non-steel growing. 
We broke 160 crores. So, maybe like 164, 165 crores. But you have talked about, but that's a 
10% growth, 15% growth, but you have talked about 20% in non-steel as well. Do you see the, 
but I do not see that kind of commentary for a lot of OEMs, like let's say tile manufacturers or 
faucet guys or even sanitary ware guys. So, where is this optimism in your view, for you is 
coming from and are we seeing the traction for that in the current quarter as well? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
See, in the 1st Quarter, if I just look at the sanitary and the CP sanitary itself, we have grown 
by about 32%. So, that itself and CP sanitary is one of our largest segments in the non-steel 
part of the business. So, which itself gives us a very positive trend, despite a lot of negatives 
that we have talked about in the 1st Quarter. 

 
Page 6 of 14 
That's step number one. Step, point number two, yes, tile manufacturers, you mentioned, of 
course, Morbi was one of the sharpest hit in the crisis of gas and energy, particularly in the 
months of March and April. I think there is a fair amount of rebound over there too. 
And we were a little stuck in the tile segment, particularly in the 1st Quarter, because April was 
almost a non-performing month in that particular segment. But we are seeing a fairly strong 
comeback in May and June and we are confident that momentum should continue in this 
quarter. So, I think this is where our optimism really comes forth. 
Plus, we are seeing a fairly good uptake on some of the PVC products, particularly PVC roofing, 
etc., which also we hope will add to our overall momentum. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Thank you so much, sir, for your answers and best of luck. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar with Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Thank you very much, sir, for this opportunity. So, just first up, I wanted to just reconfirm. You 
mentioned that 50 basis points was the impact, right, because of the inventory loss of 10 
crores? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, this quarter. And how is the pricing holding up as we see in 2Q? I mean, 2Q, we expect 
any kind of inventory gain or loss? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Currently, the situation, I think, I mean, my guess is it's stabilizing. It has stabilized over July 
and this month. So, I am hoping that the stability is good. Sometimes, you know, you don't 
want constant ups and downs. So, we are keeping our fingers crossed that it will be stable in 
this quarter. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, stable. So, you don't expect much, I mean, much of inventory gain or loss, right? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Ideally, yes. And steady state, we are looking at 3.5% kind of EBITDA margin as we go forward. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And for the non-steel, I mean, we have seen good growth in this quarter, right, about 15%. And 
still, we are targeting around about 25% in this year? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Yes. That is our guidance and our target for the year. 
Deepak Poddar: 
 And what will drive that growth? If you can throw some more light.  

 
Page 7 of 14 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Majority of growth will be driven from the CP and sanitary segment, which has done 
remarkably well for the 1st Quarter. And with the resurgence in tiles and things looking positive 
in the tile industry, that should also aid and help us in our growth. Also, we feel our UPVC 
roofing and other products are also gaining a good track hold and traction in put hold. So, that 
PVC, UPVC, those segments also should grow for us. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I got it. And on the debt part, I mean, we don't have much debt, right? 
Alex Varghese: 
Yes, around 75 Crores of the debt as on end of June. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I mean, still, we have around 10-12 crores of interest cost that we, I mean, kind of spend on a 
quarterly basis, right? Correct. 
Alex Varghese: 
There are some acceptance in the books, that’s around around 500 crores. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, can you throw some more light? I mean, this interest cost is an account of what factor? 
Alex Varghese: 
Some of the accptenace where we are bearing the interest cost. So, that will come around 500 
crores. Altogether, around 575 crores is the total borrowing, including acceptance. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And how much would be the acceptance would be? 
Alex Varghese: 
Acceptance will be around 500 crores.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, this interest cost majorly is coming from this acceptance, right? 
Alex Varghese: 
Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And what is the nature of this acceptance? 
Alex Varghese: 
We will be opening the LC and we will be discounting it and, we are bearing the interest cost. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Okay, I got it, I got it. That would do it from my side. I would like to wish you all the best. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Apoorva with Whitestone Financial 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Approva 
So, my question is, from the overall point of view, can we expect 20% revenue growth with 
3.5% EBITDA margins? 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: Yes, that is our target and that is what we are also aiming and achieving. I think we are on track 
for 20% volume growth with 3.5% EBITDA 
Approva 
Sir, if you can guide us for the FY28, do we see the margin improvement going forward in FY28? 

 
Page 8 of 14 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: Yes, I think our target would be in the medium term to go to around 4% EBITDA and maintain 
our 20% volume growth for steel and 25% for non-steel. 
Approva 
Got it, got it. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kiran with Table Tree Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kiran 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. We have achieved 1 MT of sales in FY26. We are seeing 1.2 
MT. To achieve 2 MT of sales, will it take us 3-4 years or would it be faster because we are 
getting into newer markets? If you could just throw some light. Is it a 20% CAGR kind of thing 
that we need to assume on our journey to 2 MT or will the growth get accelerated because we 
are going into new markets, not just south but into north and west? 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: I think this would be too prompt. I think with additions of territories and additions of stores, 
definitely that would aid our growth. And definitely in the existing territories and increasing 
our market share and other business, we do feel we can do that. And our target would be 
around 4 years to achieve the 2 MT target. 
Kiran 
Sir, the other question essentially is in terms of any product adjacencies that we are doing in 
terms of flat, roll, are there any other new product categories that the management would like 
to invest? Because we are doing a ROC of 35% which really, I think, I don't know, running the 
business day in day out. But I guess there is a lot of money that we can put back into the 
business to grow in new categories, faster growth to aid us beyond the 3–4-year mark. Are 
there any thoughts from the management apart from expansion in geography to really expand 
into new categories? 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: So, there are two things we are working on. One is we are working on infrastructure addition 
where we can focus on value-added products in steel. So, this would be more cut to length and 
more products which customers would help us increase our customer base with OEMs and 
other customers. Secondly, also we are focusing a lot of effort on increasing our product labels 
so that definitely in our retail segment we can increase profitability and push up our own white 
label products. 
Kiran 
Got it. Understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Aman Govind, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Govind 
Hello, sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My question is, steel volumes we have 
grown 10% in this quarter. We need to accelerate it to hit up to 20% full year growth. Shall we? 

 
Page 9 of 14 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: Yes, as we commented earlier with another speaker after the question, we are confident that 
we can increase the way the markets are looking and with the same demand momentum 
continues, we are on track to achieve the 20% overall volume growth for the year. 
Aman Govind 
Yes, sir. It is fine. How is the post-demerger transition helping us to win larger marketplace 
orders? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Post-demerger, yes. The manufacturing sector has shifted to another company and the focus 
is on retail and trading. So, definitely, our momentum since January-February post-demerger 
has been continuous. Yes, it has rebounded. I think we gave growth of at least 30% last year in 
volumes. Now in the 1st Quarter, you are saying that there was only 10% in volume. That was 
largely due to April-May. Now when we see June, there has been 1 lakh MT a lot of rebound in 
June. The confidence we had at after demerger its going well 
Aman Govind 
Thank you. These are from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viral Mehta with 361 Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Viral Mehta 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers, firstly. This 1Q SSD growth that you have reported 
of 21%, can you just break or help us understand what would be the volume versus price mix 
and how would you further break it into the steel and the non-steel part? That is the first part 
of the question. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Okay. Can I get you the detail? I mean, we will probably take it offline. I mean, the sense that 
yes, price has not played much of a part in this SSD growth in this quarter. The steel price 
actually was high and softened also. So, it would have probably been largely neutral. So, I think 
the detail breakup, we will look at it. 
Viral Mehta 
Sure, sir. So, I mean, are we moving towards some value-added product mix in terms of this? 
And how do we see over the next few quarters in terms of this SSD growth? Because to achieve 
the 20% overall revenue target, we will need to continue about 20% SSD growth. In a sense 
that you are just adding 4-5 centers every year. Am I thinking it right or is there any other catch-
in? 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: No, I think two ways. I think one is the existing territory in the existing business. We have 
enough scope to keep maintaining this 20% SSD growth. Plus, as you said, in Q1, we already 
added 3 stores. We are also guiding for an additional 5 stores fulfillment centers  in the coming 
quarters. So, that takes the number to almost 8 to 9 for this year. So, definitely, I think with a 
mix of both, we can maintain this SSD momentum. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
And secondly, we also have 50-55% of the total volume is on retail. So, a lot of the growth is 
also happening in our other sectors. So, I think that also chips in in the overall growth. 

 
Page 10 of 14 
Viral Mehta 
Sure, sir. That's all. Thank you. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Anshul Sehgal with Sehgal Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Anshul Sehgal 
Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My question is for Mr. Srinivas. Could you please 
just, you know, from the commentary, it seems like you're quite positive for the long term in 
terms of growth patterns, but particularly on steel in volume terms. Could you just throw some 
light on how the industry is shaping up and what gives you this confidence for the long term? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Yes, I think my confidence comes from the sheer fact that if you take the, in the big picture, if 
you look at the main steel players like JSW, Tata Steel, Steel Authority, AMNS, etc., they are 
adding large capacities to what is already happening, number one. Number two, today India is 
at a consumption, overall consumption around, in the region of around 180 million tons per 
annum. There is a very clear mission from the government as well as from the players, the main 
steel players, who we are looking at as a country by 2030 to cross the 300 million mark. That 
means it's quite a substantial growth and a very short timeline of say three and a half, four 
years that we have. Second, we have been seeing in our own business the last couple of years, 
there has always been a very strong underlying demand because it is driven by infrastructure. 
There are a lot of new industries that are coming up. Data centers consume a large amount of 
steel in the buildings that are coming up. There is also a lot of slow but steady shift into the 
different styles of construction that is coming about, like particularly in steel building, which 
started very small a few years ago and I think slow but steadily, the pace is increasing. And I 
always feel that in some of these kinds of, you know, shifts in building patterns and kinds of 
newer, you know, usages, I think India starts slow but once the momentum catches up, it's like 
the velocity thing, you know. 
It just suddenly, the momentum really picks up and then we have a tremendous pace of 
conversion. It's like what has happened in the color-coated industry, for example. Many about 
10 years ago, it was very slow to start picking up. 
Now in the last five years, we are seeing, even in the last, despite all the, you know, steel issues 
that were happening in the last three, four month price going up, coming down, so on and so 
forth, we feel that color, as one industry, color-coated steels and sheets, has been really, really 
shown phenomenal momentum and even today, we are operating in an environment which 
seems that there are some short supplies. So, steel itself is broken up into many, many 
categories and as India is moving slowly but steadily into a more developed economy in terms 
of applications and usages, I think the demand also for such kind of products, special grades, 
special usages of steel are increasing. 
So, I think taking all this in perspective is where we are very bullish that the next three to four 
years, the growth momentum in steel consumption will be maintained. I hope I have given, 
thrown some light to you. 

 
Page 11 of 14 
Anshul Sehgal 
Very much. Thank you very much. I have a follow-on on this. One is, of course, the industry and 
the demand patterns for the industry going up. The second is the shift in the segment that we 
are in. That is, if you are saying that the more value-added product is going to get traction in 
the market, does it mean that organized players like us will gain more market share over the 
unorganized one? And in that context, how do you see the market shifting? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
See, definitely when the applications of the steel is a little more sophisticated, if I can use that 
word, I think yes, it is an advantage to more organized players because one has to capture and 
be ahead of the curve in terms of what are these applications that are coming forth and try and 
be there on the spot. So it does give us some advantage definitely. 
Anshul Sehgal 
And within the breakup of revenues, we have this non-steel segment which we target to be 
around 25% of revenues in the next, say, three to four years. And what will be the driver of 
that for us? I mean, how do you look at that business? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
We have actually guided about 25% growth in the non-steel. But looking at the next four years, 
I wouldn't say that non-steel would be about 25% of the total business. Because that means 
non-steel has to grow at a much, much faster pace than what we are. 
And we are also guiding for a very rapid growth in steel. So, we would definitely look at about 
15% on the total share of the volume at that time for the non-steel, which is, of course, a very 
challenging task because the gallop in the non-steel has to also be very, very dramatic. The 
driving force in that part of the business, of course, is construction. 
It is the amount of the depth at which we get into in the number of retail stores that we have, 
the kind of reach that we get into beyond the metros. We have to be… our region has to… 
I mean, our geographical coverage has to improve. So, I think it's a multitude of factors that 
will really get the non-steel part of it to take it on to the next level. And yes, I think that's what 
we pretty much have to do. It's challenging, but then I think we are up to it. 
Anshul Sehgal 
My final question. If we look at our returns on capital employed as also the growth patterns 
that we are estimating over the next few years, our business will throw a lot of cash. How do 
we look at cash utilization in the business in this period? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
I think one is, as we go forward, we definitely would like to utilize this for our own products, 
that is, our private labels. So, obviously, some amount of money will then have to be spent for 
promotion, advertisement, etc. Number two, which probably will be the slightly bigger thing, 
wherever we need to put in some amount of investment for value addition to our steel 
products, which will be in warehousing, etc., where, you know, some amount of, you know, 
cutting, laser cutting, etc., etc. So, some amount will go there. And of course, internally, for our 
operations, we can further reduce whatever acceptances, etc., that we have. That would be 
the third area that we'd be looking at. 

 
Page 12 of 14 
Anshul Sehgal 
Acquisitions, are those on the table? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Definitely on the table. If we find any suitable acquisitions, definitely it will be there. 
Anshul Sehgal 
Thank you very much. Thanks for answering my questions. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Viraj Mehta with Enigma. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hi, sir. Sir, my only question is regarding the competitive intensity. If we look back a couple of 
years back, the competitive intensity from some of the larger, I wouldn't say startup, but large 
guys who have become large by raising a lot of capital, they were extremely competitive, 
especially in the enterprise segment. Have you seen that competitive intensity kind of falling 
off and us being able to get slightly higher margin in the enterprise segment, or that's not the 
case? If you can just elaborate on that one. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Yes. See, yes, you're absolutely right. The intensity was very, very intense a couple of years ago, 
no doubt, because a lot of them, you know, the GMB calculations, etc., were going strong. But 
this is where I think Shankara is still a very, very unique model because we are really, really at 
the ground. We are not, you know, we are not really, let's say, a pure online or whatever kind 
of the marketplace these people had, where they were focused on certain volume base, like, 
you know, TNT, steel, etc., etc., and going very aggressively with certain builders and projects, 
etc., throwing the material, large credits, having tie-ups with NBFC, whatever, whatever their 
model was. But I think our absolutely on-the-ground retail stores, having lots of customers, I 
think that pays out in the long run. Maybe we did feel that pressure for a couple of years. Even 
now, I won't say it's 100% off. Here and there, there are issues when it comes to certain, you 
know, larger projects. And that's why some of the areas like TNT is where most of them are 
very active, where we are taking a little bit of a backseat and focusing more on flat products, 
etc. But yes, the competitive intensity has come down in the last couple of quarters for sure. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure, sir. And so, if I look at some of the unorganized guys who were probably doing, even for 
unorganized guys, they were doing turnover of 300 crores, 500 crores, and they were rotating 
capital at like very, very low percentages. Our ground feedback is that some of those guys have 
also kind of taken a little bit of backseat because a lot of them have suffered inventory losses, 
especially in last quarter. And even last year, they saw some inventory losses. So, is that the 
case or that's also more like case specific and more like hearsay? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
No, I didn't. I mean, can you just give me the gist of the question again? Sorry. 
Viraj Mehta: 
So, some of the smaller guys who used to do, let's say, 20-30 crores a month turnover in Steels, 
and they were working with basically a percentage point, especially in the enterprise segment, 
they took inventory losses last year and even this quarter, which is why they are not giving 
aggressive credits. And the market has become slightly better for existing players. Is that 
correct? 

 
Page 13 of 14 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
I think it is correct. And smaller players trying to rotate at that kind of low margin, ultimately, 
when it goes to enterprise market, there's a lot of credit that one has to give. And guys who 
are playing at 1% and 2% kind of turnover related kind of business, it cannot survive for too 
long in that kind of a space. Because how long and where are they going to get the money 
from? They need to be funding for their working capital. So, I think there are issues and 
definitely some of these smaller players have taken and are taking a backseat. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Sure. Thank you so much and best of luck, sir. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today. It is from the line of 
Rahul Kumar with Vakaria Fund. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar 
Just one question on the margins. You mentioned about 10 crores of inventory loss. So, if I 
adjust that, then we are actually at a EBIDTA margin of 3.8% versus your natural guidance of 
3.5%. So, is there something which I am missing? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
I don't think you're missing anything. I think sometimes management, we also have to take the 
path of caution. Because supposing there's again, I mean, there's inventory in steel is 
something that, you know, goes up and down, which is not in our control. So, I think it's always 
prudent to be cautious. Because if I want to guide more than you will ask me the next time, 
why was it lower? So, I think it's always safer to be prudent. 
Rahul Kumar 
Okay, understood. And what was the inventory gain for the Q4 of last year? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
I think we had a gain of around 15 crores. 
Rahul Kumar 
Okay, understood. The second question, which I think you briefly discussed on this, but on the 
non-steel, you know, growth part, I think you're getting pretty strong numbers after some two 
years of slowdown. And while we are not here, really strong commentary from the building 
materials guys. I know our base is a bit small, but what gives you this confidence of, you know, 
20% plus kind of growth in a not so good environment? 
Dhananjay Mirlay Srinivas: I think the last two years was a bit tepid with the macro headwinds and everything that was 
going on. But we have been seeing a resurgence from the second half of Q1 and continuing to 
Q2. And we are seeing that demand is going up. And we are focusing on additional territories, 
additional products, and focusing on our core business in non-steel, which is again, fitting the 
sanitaryware. So, I think we are able to deliver this volume and value growth. And I think we 
are quite confident that what we are seeing in the market is optimistic. 
Rahul Kumar 
Okay, understood. The third question, which I have is on the steel business profitability. So, I 
think since our introduction of flat products, which are relatively higher margin products, so 

 
Page 14 of 14 
how has our profitability on a per ton basis trended over the last, let's say, year or so? How do 
you see this going forward? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
No, you're asking me about the profitability of the steel business in general, or is it specific to 
one or two products? 
Rahul Kumar 
No, in general, at least. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
In general, I think three. The non-steel is still at such a low base of 8 to 10%. So, what you see 
in the EBITDA, maybe a couple of percentage points would be lower for the steel business 
broadly. So, we are trending above three. 
Rahul Kumar 
Okay. And do we expect this contribution of flat products to our overall business to continue 
to improve? 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
Yes, that is the focus that we need to diversify into multiple steel products. Yes, it should help 
us overall grow the EBITDA. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Okay, understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sukumar Srinivas: 
We thank you very much for all the people who have taken their time out to attend this on a 
working day. So, thank you so much. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Shankara Buildpro Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
