Surana Group 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
1S0-9001-2008 Certified Company 
Ragistersd Offica : 
Plot No. 9/13/1 & P-9/14, I.D.A. Nacharam, 
Hyderabad -500 076. Telangana, India. 
Tel. : +91 40 27152861, 27151278 
Fax : +91 40 27172140, 27818868 
Email : bil@surana.com 
Website : www.bhagyanagarindia.com 
CIN No. : L27201TG1985PLC012449 
BIL/SECT/34/2026-27 
Date: 30" July, 2026 
The Secretary, 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra E); 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 051, 
Mumbai- 400 001. 
Serip Code: BHAGYANGR 
|__Serip Code: 512296 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call / Investor meet 
Ref: BIL/SECT/33/2026; Dated: 28th July, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of Bhagyanagar 
India Limited’s (“Company”) Earning call/ Investor meet held on, 28th July 2026 at 04:00 PM 
(IST) to discuss the financial results for the First quarter ended 30" June, 2026. 
The audio and video recording along with the transcript is also uploaded in the Company’s 
website: https://bhag: fanagmndia,com/investor-relations/investor—meetimg[, 
Kindly take the above information on records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly 
For BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
DEVENDRA SURANA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN 00077296 
Encl/A 
DEVENDR
A SURANA
Digitally signed by DEVENDRA SURANA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=6C6F75F84CA5C85911968C72528AE
7A54C0B974042BF4EFF3D7D07370BAA4B74, 
postalCode=500009, st=Andhra Pradesh, 
serialNumber=607D07F8956BF819026CD1662
D61125F42D774045E25EE5F0D00442283B9C3
9B, cn=DEVENDRA SURANA 
Date: 2026.07.30 17:37:02 +05'30'

< 
FINPORTAL 
EARNINGS CALL 
Q1FY27 TRANSCRIPT 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIALTD 
BH 28thJuly, 2026 
@ 4:00 PM Onwards 
SPEAKER: 
Devendra Surana 
Advait Surana | Surendra Bhutoria 
Rahul Surana 
l 
Anusha Devi 
Managing Director 
Business Development | Chief Financial Officer 
Finance Manager 
Accounts Manager 
Manager 
FINPORTAL 
LET'S CONNECT » 
B ir@finportalin.com

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
Transcript | 28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 
Moderator: Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 earnings call of Bhagyanagar 
India Limited. We sincerely thank you for joining us today. During today's call, the management will 
discuss the company's operational and financial performance for the first quarter of FY27, followed by 
an update on key business developments, strategic priorities and the outlook ahead. This will be 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. 
Before we begin, | would like to remind everyone that certain statements made during this call may be 
forward-looking in nature. These statements are based on the management's current expectations and 
assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ. Please also 
note that this conference call is being recorded for compliance purposes. We request all the 
participants to note that this call will last for an hour and we appreciate your support in keeping the 
discussion within the allotted time. 
Representing the management today, we have with us 
o 
Mr. Devendra Surana - Managing Director 
e 
Mr. Advait Surana - Business Development Manager 
e 
Mr. Surendra Bhutoria - Chief Financial Officer 
e 
Mr. Rahul Surana - Finance Manager 
e 
Ms. Anusha Devi - Accounts Manager. 
| now invite the management team to deliver their opening remarks. Following their address, we will 
open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you and over to you. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you. | once again welcome all of you to this investor conference call after 
the Q1 FY27 results. | am glad to announce that we have had a very good quarter again, with a turnover 
of 700 crores. 
Before | hand over to Advait to take you through the detailed presentation which has been prepared, | 
just wanted to say a couple of things. In the first two months, because of the disruption of all the trade 
routes and the shortage of material all over the country, while the turnover came down, we could take 
advantage of the situation by increasing our margins. However, for the whole quarter, our volume has 
come down to 5,200 tons. But the good part of this is that 2,200 tons of the 5,200 tons has come 
only in the month of June. So, with this run rate, we should well achieve the goals and targets which 
we have set for the year. | will now hand it over to Advait to take you through the presentation. 
Advait Surana: Hello, everyone. These are some of our financials for this quarter. 
e 
We achieved a revenue of over 700 crores. We have had our highest EBITDA margin of 
recent times at 5.43%, our highest PAT margin of 2.87%. 
e 
We have achieved sales volumes of 5,200 tons. We have also had our highest share of 
value-added products sold this quarter, which is 63% and our highest EBITDA per kg of 
72 rupees. 
These are some of the timelines of what has happened with some of our products. The products 
which were launched recently, like the transformer products, the tin-coated bus bars and the 
Page10f14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
data center products, have all been successful and we have seen large dispatches in these areas. 
We have also finished adding our capacity of 35,000 metric tons, which is online now. 
A little bit about the restructuring of the companies. We are going to form a new company called 
Tieramet Limited, which will be a wholly owned subsidiary of Bhagyanagar India. All the copper 
business will move from Bhagyanagar Copper to Tieramet and then Bhagyanagar Copper will 
be merged with Bhagyanagar India, while Tieramet is demerged outside. So, what will be left in 
Bhagyanagar India will be the three land parcels, which are in the heart of the city and our windmill 
project, while Tieramet will have all our copper infrastructure and businesses. Currently, the NCLT 
hearing is scheduled for the 7th of August, after which we should soon be able to complete this 
restructuring. The purpose of this restructuring is mainly value unlocking and to have a focus purely 
on the copper business. 
This is some of the market research done by a third party. As we can see, India is actually one of the 
fastest growing copper users in the world, with around 2.4 million metric tons projected to be consumed 
in India by 2030. Out of this, if you look at the secondary copper demand, it is expected to double in 
the next 5 years, from 0.7 million metric tons to 1.4 million metric tons. 
These are some of the things that give us a competitive advantage. We have the most diverse 
product profile in India and we are present in multiple very high-growth sectors like EVs, Al data 
centers, transformers and electrification. So, we are positioned in the perfect way to take advantage 
of this growing demand. These are some of the products that we are doing. 
We have also expanded our export portfolio. In the last quarter itself, we have exported more than 
100 tons of bus bars to North America and we are also exporting a lot of transformer products all 
over the world. 
These are some of our key financial metrics. 
e 
We have achieved a PAT of 20 crores this quarter, which is a 9.5% growth from the last 
quarter and a 167% growth from the first quarter of last year. 
e 
We have achieved an EBITDA margin of 5.43%, which is a 10.38% growth over the last 
quarter and a 63% growth over the first quarter of last year. 
e 
We have achieved a PAT margin of 2.87%, which is a 14% growth from the last quarter 
and an 84% growth from last year. 
e 
Our sales volumes have dropped, though; they have gone to 5,278 tons, which is a 9.5% 
decrease from the last quarter and a 6.5% decrease from last year. 
e 
These are some of the key financial metrics and how they have changed over time. This 
quarter, we have achieved an ROE of 29%, an ROCE of 18.5% and our highest value-added 
product share yet, of 63%. 
This is how our segment-wise revenue has changed over time. As you can see, in quarter one of FY27, 
18% of our sales have come from exports. 
These are some of our key customers. If you take a look, we have added Crompton Greaves, TMC 
and Atlanta in the transformer division in recent times and in the Al data center bus bar division, 
we have added Blue Star, Micron, OBO and a few more players, L&T as well. 
These are some of our capabilities. We have two manufacturing units based in Hyderabad. One is a 
4-acre facility and another is a 60-acre facility. The management has proposed to do 40 crores of 
capex in the next 2 years, FY27 and FY28 and we are well on our way to achieve this. We have a 
lot of IP which most people do not have, like our special Finland furnaces, special heat recovery 
systems and a lot of semi-automated production systems. 
These are some of the certifications that we hold. This is our team, most of whom have been with us 
for over 2 to 3 decades. 
Page20f 14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
So, what is our strategy going forward? We have a very good feel of the industry, so we are planning 
to expand as much as we can over the next 3 to 5 years. We are also planning to move our product 
mix more and more towards the value-added portfolio and even within the value-added portfolio, we 
are looking at segments which give us higher margins. Over the next year, we are going to do a 
complete digital transformation of our company, where every process, every department and all 
reporting will be completely digitalized automatically, and no manual entry would be required. These 
are some of the things that we have planned for the upcoming few years. Thank you. 
Devendra Surana: Now we can take the questions. 
QUESTION AND ANSWER SESSION 
Moderator: Thank you, sir, for sharing those insights. We will now open the floor for the Q&A session. 
| request the participants who wish to ask a question to please use the raise hand feature and we will 
take one question at a time. We will take the first question from Ms. Disha. 
Disha C: Hello? Am 
| audible, sir? 
Devendra Surana: Yes, Disha. 
Disha C: Thank you so much for this opportunity. A couple of questions. Firstly, sir, in your 
presentation, you alluded to how we faced some disruption because of the trade routes being 
disrupted due to the war. So, currently, how do you see the sourcing? Has everything 
normalized? Because 75% of our scrap is imported, right? So, what are some of the changes 
that you are making in the sourcing strategy so that we see volumes improving? And are we 
on track for 15-20% volume growth this year? 
Devendra Surana: Thank you, Disha. Like | mentioned in my opening statement, out of the 5,200 
metric tons, 2,200 tons has come in the month of June itself. So, we had the disruption in April and 
May. Obviously, we took some advantage by increasing our margins in the first two months, and from 
the month of June, everything seems to have normalized. So, | think we should be looking at between 
12% to 15% growth in terms of volume for the whole year now. 
Disha C: Okay, but if you are lowering the volume growth, | think that will be offset by the price 
growth. How much price growth are you factoring in for this year? 
Devendra Surana: Initially, we were taking around 1,300 rupees as the average price for the year, 
which should be exceeded. But, as | said, in the month of June itself we have reached 2,200 metric 
tons, so we are not worried too much about the volume growth, which is also going to add to our price 
growth. 
Disha C: Okay, so on an average, the price that we are looking at is 1,300 rupees per kg, or will 
it be more than that? 
Devendra Surana: 1,300 rupees a kilo is the average which we had projected at the beginning of the 
year. | think we will be at a price higher than that. 
Disha C: Okay. We have also seen a sharp improvement in your EBITDA margins and EBITDA 
per kg. How do you see that sustaining, and what has led to this increase? 
Devendra Surana: Like | said, the disruption in the first two months created a shortage throughout 
the country and we could take advantage of the shortage. For whatever material we had, we could get 
much better realizations. Going forward in the year, we hope to maintain the EBITDA margin between 
5% and 5.5%. | think maintaining 5.5% for the whole year might be a little difficult, but we will be able 
Page 30f14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
to maintain between 5% and 5.5%, as was earlier indicated. This first quarter, we got the advantage 
of the disruption, and we could increase the margins in the first two months. 
Disha C: Okay, fair enough. And the new products, the tin-coated products and the products 
for the data center, what has been the contribution from them this quarter? 
Devendra Surana: This quarter, we did roughly about 250 tons of the tin-coated products. Overall, 
you know, we supply these Al data center bus bars to a lot of people, so we would not be able to say 
for the plain bus bars whether they are going to the data centers or to other applications. But my 
estimation would be that roughly about 600 tons will be going to the data centers out of the overall 
volume. 250 tons was tin-coated, which will definitely go to data centers. 
Disha C: Okay. And on this value-added mix that we mentioned we are focusing on, what sort 
of mix are you looking for? What is the optimal level for value-added versus commodity that 
we are targeting? 
Devendra Surana: So, we had projected last year that we will slowly keep increasing from the 62% 
which we had, and reach 68-69% over a period of 3 or 4 years. So, it will very gradually creep up, 
because we do not want to give up our commodity sales as well. It will slowly creep up. We are not 
expecting it to jump like it did in the last 2 years. 
Disha C: And what sort of export contribution are you looking at for the entire year? 
Moderator: Ma'am, this would be the last question. | would request you to come back in the queue. 
Disha C: Yeah, sure. 
Devendra Surana: One moment. It will be a minimum of 10%, but we are targeting more towards 
15%, so we are looking at somewhere between 12% and 15% this year. Again, you know, it depends 
on how the export demand is, because that depends on the pricing as well as the demand in the export 
market. 12-15% would be a good estimate for the year. 
Disha C: Okay, that is it from my side. Thank you, sir, and all the best. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will move on to the next question from Mr. Naman Parmar. 
Naman Parmar: Good afternoon, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Firstly, | wanted 
to understand, specifically on the margin, you mentioned that you will be main 
ng around 
5% to 5.5%. But if we take EBITDA per kg, it is the highest ever that you have shown in the 
current quarter. So, was it mainly because of the export share increasing? Because your mix 
has been more or less similar to the previous quarter, right, for the value-added, | think 60 to 
63%. So, was it mainly due to the export products only, or has anything else also contributed, 
or was there an inventory gain in the current quarter as well? 
Devendra Surana: Naman, like | mentioned earlier, it is not really due to the exports. It is because 
of, you know, the shortage which happened in April and May. We were able to take advantage of the 
market situation and increase our margins across the board, including commodities and all the value- 
added products. It was because of the shortage which was there in April and May, which was due to 
the disruptions in the market. 
Naman Parmar: Okay. Now it is a normal scenario, right? 
Devendra Surana: Now, from June, it has become a normal scenario. That is why we are projecting 
between 5% and 5.5% for the rest of the year. 
Page 40f14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Naman Parmar: Okay. And there is no issue on the sourcing of the raw material also, right? 
Devendra Surana: No, no, now everything has normalized. From the month of June, everything has 
normalized, and we are getting materials as usual from all over the world. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, got it. Secondly, on the results, there was a GST impact of 17-18 crores. 
So, if you can help me elaborate on what that impact was. There was a mention about the input 
credit reversal, so if you can explain. 
Surendra Bhutoria: So, this relates to the period 2022-23. We used to buy scrap from the local 
market, and this party used to supply us scrap. We have all the tracking, in terms of the lorry tracking, 
the videos and the photographs of the lorry coming in, the driver, and all the details are there. However, 
after some period of time, the registration of the supplier was cancelled with retrospective effect. And 
there is a particular provision in GST which says that if the supplier does not pay GST, we cannot claim 
the credit. Because of the retrospective cancellation of the registration of the supplier, the case has 
been put on us. 
Because we have full proof of receipt of material, payments and everything, we are very confident that 
we will win this case in the tribunal, because there is no way in which we would come to know if 
somebody's registration is cancelled after the supply is made, 6 months or 9 months after the supply 
is made. So, we are very, very confident that we will win. But this is because of this particular law in 
GST, which says that credit is not available if the supplier does not pay and if the supplier's registration 
has been cancelled, credit is not deemed to have been paid. So, we are very hopeful that these things 
will come in our favour soon. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, but you have deposited this 17-18 crores to GST? 
Surendra Bhutoria: 17 crores, that is right. 
Naman Parmar: Okay. And lastly, on the industry level, | see that there is a lot of impact on 
primary copper. Like, in Chile, there has been a very big impact on getting primary copper; they 
have to dig more to get that particular ore of copper. So, do you not think that secondary copper 
will see very big demand going forward and that your 15% to 17% volume growth is on the very 
conservative side? Like, it can be on the higher side in the current year or is it very hard to 
assume that? 
Devendra Surana: So, first, about the primary copper, just a small update. You know, the refining 
charges in primary copper have gone negative, because whatever ore and concentrate is available in 
the world is all going to China. And it is going to China because the price of the byproduct of copper, 
sulphuric acid, is very, very high in China. Because of that, converting ore into copper in the rest of the 
world has become almost uncompetitive. So, all the primary players in India, including Vedanta, 
Hindalco and Adani, are also buying recycled copper to put into their furnaces, because they find 
recycled copper to be cheaper than primary copper. So, primary copper demand will keep going up. 
But, as you can see, we are not just a scrap recycler; we also make value-added products. So, scaling 
up these value-added products and the scrap facilities is, | would not say a slow process, but we are 
looking at 15% volume growth in the next few years, because we also want to scale up our value- 
added products as we scale up our scrap conversion. That is what makes us say 15%. Maybe we can 
exceed it, but this year we are looking at only between 12% and 15%. Next year, we might look at a 
better situation, depending on how the worldwide sourcing will be. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, got it. And lastly, if you can help me understand, overall, you have 
mentioned about 12 to 15, and | understood the volume side, that you have to ramp up on the 
data centers and all. But how hard will it be for the other players to ramp up a similar facility 
for these value-added products? You have launched very good products for the various data 
Page50f14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
centers and other applications for copper. So, how hard will it be for the other players to do a 
similar type of product like you have been able to do in the last one or two years? 
Devendra Surana: So, | just wanted to explain that it is not one or two years that we have been doing 
value-added products. We have been doing value-added products for almost 35 years and we have 
been slowly scaling up those value-added products. You know, scaling up a commodity is much easier 
than scaling up value-added products. So, | always feel that it is not going to be as easy to scale up a 
value-added product as it is to scale up commodities. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, okay, got it. 
Moderator: | would ask you to please get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Naman Parmar: Yeah, okay, thank you. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you. 
Moderator: We will move on to the next question from Mr. Ankit Gupta. 
Ankit Gupta: Thanks for the opportunity, sir. | am new to the company, so pardon me if | ask 
some basic questions. Sir, in our business, should we look at our margins on an EBITDA per 
ton or EBITDA per kg basis, or from the EBITDA margin? Because you have been saying that 
the margins will remain around 5-5.5%. But let us say the copper prices go up significantly. So, 
will our margins also increase in percentage terms? 
Devendra Surana: Yeah, | have mentioned this in our earlier conferences. So, we always look at our 
margins in percentage terms, more than EBITDA per kg, because our purchases of raw materials are 
as a percentage of LME. So, our purchases would range from, you know, 86% to 95% of LME, 
depending on the quality of the scrap and our sales are also more or less linked to LME. So, our 
margins are going to be more stable in percentage terms than in rupees per kilo terms. 
Ankit Gupta: Okay, so let us say if the copper prices go up, then we will also get some 
advantage in terms of EBITDA percentage or in terms of EBITDA per kg? 
Devendra Surana: Yeah, if the prices go up 20%, my margin will still remain at 5%, but the EBITDA 
per kg will go up by 20%. 
Ankit Gupta: Got it, okay. And sir, on the value-added product side, if we leave apart the 
commodity part that we have, so bus bars, auto, switchgears, motors and transformers. In this, 
if you can briefly explain what kind of value addition we do, apart from the procurement of the 
copper. Like, which segment will have the highest value addition and which has the highest 
growth potential, if you can talk about it? 
Devendra Surana: So, the highest value addition is in the automobile and switchgear part. | do not 
want to give numbers, because, you know, the numbers are dependent on the quality of the raw 
material, but just for you to get a sense, the automobile and switchgear part has the highest value 
addition. Next would be the transformer winding, and next would be bus bars. In bus bars, again, there 
is a big range of value addition based on the application and the size and nature of the bus bars which 
we make. But the order is very clearly in this order. However, the highest growth potential we are 
seeing is in the transformer and motor winding, and in the bus bar area. Auto and switchgear is a much 
slower growth area compared to the other two. 
Ankit Gupta: Sure, sure. You know, | do not want the exact numbers, but will motors, 
transformers and auto and switchgear have margins in double digits, or will it not be that high? 
Devendra Surana: Auto and switchgear 
will have double digits; the rest of it will all be in single digits. 
Page 6 of 14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Ankit Gupta: Okay, okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from Ms. Aditi Parmar. 
Aditi Parmar: Hello. Congratulations. 
Devendra Surana: Yes, Aditi. 
Aditi Parmar: A good set of numbers, sir. | actually wanted to understand your hedging 
mechanism, if you could explain that. 
Devendra Surana: Yeah. So, our purchases and sales are more or less hedged on a daily basis. 
Whatever sales are done, we try to manage and keep our purchases like that, because we have the 
optionality of pricing with our suppliers. However, approximately 85% of the inventory which is there is 
hedged on the exchange. 
Aditi Parmar: Okay, understood. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will move on to the next question from Mr. Prateek. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Hello, sir. First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, sir, 
my question again is on this volume growth. | think last time we were saying that we would 
have 15-20% volume growth and 5% value growth. Now, if you are lowering it to 12% to 15% 
volume growth, first of all, sir, why? We are also seeing that the external factors due to 
geopolitical tensions have eased a bit, at least from your sourcing perspective. So, if you are 
seeing that that has improved, then why are we lowering the guidance on the volume front? 
And if you are lowering that, then on the value front, are we saying it is now going to be more 
than 5%? 
Devendra Surana: So, because of the first two months, we were earlier predicting around 15%. 
Because of the loss of volume in the first two months, we are looking at slightly lower than 15%. That 
is the only reason why we have reduced the guidance, because we have lost some sales in the first 
two months of this year. Even though that has been made up because of the higher margins in the first 
two months, we have lost that volume in the first two months. With regard to the value, | think compared 
to last year, we should get about 30% higher. The average value will be 30% higher this year. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it, got it, sir. And, sir, in terms of your copper recycling market, | am 
not sure if this is the right way to put it, like, how fast the market is growing, because you are 
also into value-added products. So, maybe let me ask it in a different way. One is that, just for 
the generic recycled copper market, how fast is the market growing, the TAM growing? And 
second, in terms of the value-added products, what is your FY27 exit rate be? Currently, | think 
it is 62-63%. 
Devendra Surana: Yeah, | think between 63% and 64% for this year. In terms of our value-added 
percentage, we are looking at between 63% and 64% for this year. Like | said, over the next 4 years, 
we will go to 69%. So, we will grow by 1-2% every year, because we want to grow our commodity 
business also, though much lower than our value-added business. But we will be ending this year at 
around 63-64%. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it, sir. And how fast is the overall TAM growing for the recycled 
copper market, sir? 
Devendra Surana: The recycled copper market, by some estimates, should be growing in India at a 
CAGR of about 12-13%. Though, in our presentation, we have shown that the overall market is growing 
Page7of 14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
at around 5-6%, the other reports are showing that the market itself will grow at around 8.5%, and the 
recycled market will be growing at around 12-13%. As you can see, in FY30 in this projection also, 
55% is recycled. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Gotit, gotit, sir. And what about the market share? Are we gaining market 
share? 
Devendra Surana: So, if we are looking at copper products growing at around 6-6.5%, and we are 
growing at 15%, obviously we are gaining market share, though not very, very aggressively. We will 
be growing at double the market rate, two to two and a half times the market rate. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Got it. Thank you, sir. 
Devendra Surana: Welcome. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from Mr. Ajit Sethi. 
Ajit Sethi: Hello, am | audible? 
Devendra Surana: Yes, Ajit, | can hear you. 
Ajit Sethi: Yeah, sir, could you please share an update on the 10,000 ton capacity expansion? 
When do you expect it to become operational? 
Devendra Surana: So, this has been projected for the next financial year. The exact timelines are 
still not there, but as of now, our expectation is between April and June of next year; more likely June 
next year. From 35,000 to 45,000 tons. It is not for this year. 
Ajit Sethi: Okay, next year. And, sir, your long-term aspiration was to do around 5,000 crores 
of revenue by FY30. So, if copper prices increase sharply, sir, can this target be achieved earlier 
than expected? 
Devendra Surana: So, see, the copper prices are out of our control. At 15% volume growth, you can 
do the reverse math based on the copper prices to see when we achieve it. But we are very confident 
of 5,000 crores by FY30, whatever the copper price. 
Ajit Sethi: And my last question is, you are looking to raise around 150 crores. So, can you 
provide any clarity on the timelines? When will we be doing that? 
Devendra Surana: So, we have just finalized the first round of raising, at 52 crores, which is finalized, 
and the money should be in the bank in the month of August. The second tranche will probably be 
around March, after the demerger is done, in the standalone copper unit. 
Ajit Sethi: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Mr. Vaibhav. 
Vaibhav Mishra: Hello, sir, good evening. 
Devendra Surana: Good evening, Vaibhav. 
Vaibhav Mishra: So, my question is regarding the demand for copper from the data center 
space, as we are quite bullish on it. But | think some developments have been happening there, 
like data centers are moving from 48V DC architecture to 800V DC architecture, which, | read 
somewhere, will reduce the demand for copper bus bars by around 50%. So, how do you see 
that impacting the demand from the data center space? 
Page 8 of 
14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Devendra Surana: See, data center demand has just about started, so whether itis X or X by 2, | do 
not see too much disruption, and it is not that we are dependent on data centers for all our growth. So, 
| do not see any major issue if the consumption in data centers comes down to half of what is predicted 
right now. There will be no material impact on our company. 
Vaibhav Mishra: Okay, sir, okay, thank you. And, sir, one last clarification. We are targeting 
around 2x of industry growth, which comes to around 25-26%. And I think in the previous call 
also, we were targeting some 5,000 crores by FY29, and we are also discussing FY30. So, is 
FY30 a more conservative one? Because by one method, we are going to get there by around 
FY29, and by the other method, by FY30. So, could you please give some clarity on it? 
Devendra Surana: So, FY30, as you rightly said, is a conservative estimate. We will reach 5,000 
crores by FY30. Now, how much more than 5,000 crores in FY30, | cannot predict as of today. On 
volume growth, | am seeing only about 12-15% this year, and 15% from next year onwards is all | am 
predicting. Because of the value growth, this year will be over 30%. Our overall turnover will go up 
quite sharply this year. 
Vaibhav Mishra: All right, sir, all right. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best for the future 
quarters. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you, thank you so much, Vaibhav. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from Mr. Manan. 
Manan Vandur: Hello? Hi, this is Manan. A really great set of numbers. | have been following 
the company for quite some time, 6-7 months and it is really good to see everything going on 
well. So, sir, just a very simple, basic question | had. As we are targeting around 5,000 crores 
in FY30, I just needed an understanding on the margin front, because we have been saying that 
we are going to maintain around 5%, and yet we are also going to increase the value-added 
share. Plus, you said that the data center, silver-plated and tin-plated products have about 10% 
EBITDA margins. So, | just needed an understanding of what our blended margins would be at 
that time, in FY30. 
Devendra Surana: So, conservatively, we are saying that we will still have 5%. But with all those 
things, plus also our plastic recycling, we hope to reach around a 5.4-5.5% margin by 2030. But we 
have to understand that there will always be competitive pressures all around us as time flies. So, we 
are still projecting only between 5% and 5.5%, all the way to 2030. Slowly, it will go up from 5% to 
5.5%. This quarter, we have got 5.5%, which | think was an overachievement in a way. 
Manan Vandur: Okay, understood. The next question would be around the plastic recycling. Is 
the 5,000 crores inclusive of the plastic recycling? 
Devendra Surana: Yeah, the turnover is inclusive of the plastic recycling. Plastic recycling actually 
does not add too much to the top line, but it adds to the bottom line and the margin, because we are 
just, you know, getting much more for something that is almost waste. 
Manan Vandur: Could you share the margins, if you do not mind, sir? 
Devendra Surana: So, plastic recycling, as | said; we get the plastic free of cost, along with the cable. 
The margins are very, very high, 30%, 50%, whatever; | mean, it depends on how you look at it. 
Manan Vandur: Okay. And the contribution would be how much? Like, if it is 5,000 crores, 
would the contribution to the revenue be around 100 crores or 50 crores, something like that? 
Page 9 of14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Devendra Surana: We have not yet worked out the numbers, but | think around 50 crores. Yeah, it 
will be less than 1%, actually. 
Manan Vandur: Makes sense, no problem, makes sense. And the last question would be on 
the debt part. We are going to do a capex of 40 crores, and we might also require working 
capital debt. So, taking all those things into consideration, there are just two things | was 
cautious on. One is that we really need good cash flow; that is very important for any business. 
So, cash flow was one concern for me. And the second was, what would our debt levels be in 
FY307? Just those two things, please. 
Devendra Surana: | have not seen the final workings, but you have rightly said that copper recycling 
is cash rich and a 40 crore capex over 2 years is actually quite insignificant for our balance sheet. 
However, the working capital requirements will be there. | have not seen the exact numbers. From the 
one working which we had done, how much is the debt in 20307 
Surendra Bhutoria: So, our projection is showing that between 300 and 350 crores will be our debt 
in 2030. 
Devendra Surana: But these are long-term projections, so we cannot be very clear on it. Our cash 
flow is also quite significant, given our 5% EBITDA margin, which is coming every year, and which will 
be more than enough to fund us through 2030. 
Surendra Bhutoria: The projection is showing that around 325 crores will be the debt in 2030. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you, Manan. 
Manan Vandur: Pleasure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from Mr. Rishabh. 
Rishabh Modi: Good evening, sir. 
Devendra Surana: Yes, Rishabh. 
Rishabh Modi: Yes. Sir, can you talk about how we have such a huge range of value-added 
products? You have mentioned the triple filtration process. Why can no one else install it? 
Devendra Surana: So, this technology we have developed over a very, very long period of time, and 
there is some IP always in every factory. That is all | can say. 
Rishabh Modi: Okay, sir, okay. Also, there are some issues on our real estate piece, as there 
are some inquiries going on. Can you please clarify what the incident there is? And also, we 
believe you are looking after the copper business and the real estate businesses are looked 
after by Narendra Surana. If you can put more light on this. 
Devendra Surana: Yeah, so the inquiry which is going around is about a real estate piece, not in this 
company but outside this company. And all those inquiries have been closed, everything has been 
closed and there is absolutely no fallout from those. But that is in a third company, which is by the 
name of Bhagyanagar Properties Limited, which has nothing to do with Bhagyanagar India. There is 
no shareholding or anything in Bhagyanagar Properties. The real estate pieces which are held within 
this company are three parcels which are industrial lands, which have mostly been taken from the 
government itself. 
There is no issue with the real estate pieces held in this company. The other issues have also been 
closed long back, actually. These were issues which came up in 2024-25 and were closed within 3 to 
6 months of that period, without any repercussions on us. 
Page 10 0f 14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Rishabh Modi: Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will move on to the next question from Mr. Divyank Patel. 
Divyank Patel: Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, if you can give us the volume breakdown of 
this quarter's exports, like, how much was basic commodity and how much was value-added, 
if you can provide the volume breakdown. 
Devendra Surana: We gave you that; the value-added is around 63 and 37. You are saying exports? 
Divyank Patel: Yes, sir. 
Devendra Surana: Overall, value-added and others? 18% is value-added exports, and 82% is 
commodity exports. 
Divyank Patel: Oh, okay, okay, sir, that is all fine. 
Devendra Surana: Sorry, sorry, wait a minute. Let me correct that. The total export is 18%. | do not 
really have the breakup of the value-added products, but it is relatively small. The major export is 
commodities. 
Divyank Patel: Okay, sir, thank you. 
Devendra Surana: So, | stand corrected there. 
Moderator: Okay, sir, thank you. We have a few questions in the Q&A tab; | will just read out the 
questions. 
Moderator: The first one is: why do we think our margins will be sustainable at 4.5%, even if 
copper comes down to $10,000? When copper was in that range, we were doing 2.5% to 3% 
margins. What has structurally changed for us? 
Devendra Surana: So, our value-added product portfolio has gone up substantially compared to 2 
years back. That is the reason our margins have gone up over this period of time. Also, the customs 
duty has been removed from 1st January 2025, so that has also helped us increase our margins. 
Moderator: The next question is: we have slowed down ingots and commodity products. Is our 
understanding correct? That since peers are not into value-added products, they have to sell 
irrespective of whatever the pricing is for the commodity, but since you have value-added 
products, you can sell at a premium? 
Devendra Surana: Wait a minute; we have slowed down? We have not really slowed down our 
commodity sales, but we are trying to increase our value-added sales, so that would be the correct 
way of putting it. 
Yes, we have the advantage of switching between value-added products and we have about 20 
products over the three categories, so we keep switching between the categories as well. That is a 
flexibility which we have; nobody else in the industry has such a wide range of products. So, that 
definitely is a plus for us, whereas others are stuck with a much narrower range of products, so there 
can be some effect on the premium or the prices quarter over quarter. That would be the right answer 
to that. 
Moderator: So, the next question is: what extra value are we unlocking, or are we eyeing, 
because of the demerger? 
Page 110f14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Devendra Surana: So, in the demerger, the real estate parcels will be totally separate and our 
understanding is that the valuation of the company today is being given only for the copper business. 
And whatever value is given to the real estate business in the future will be total value unlocking. 
Advait Surana: On CTC wires, our capacity is roughly about 80 metric tons a month and we will be 
going up to 150 metric tons a month. 
Moderator: So, the next is from a philosophy point of view: how has the involvement of Mr. 
Advait changed the business and the trajectory the company is going after? We believe he is 
leading the value-added products initiative. 
Devendra Surana: Yeah, so that is there. So, what was the question? 
Moderator: Sir, how has his involvement changed the business and the trajectory the company 
is looking at? 
Devendra Surana: Advait, you want to take that? 
Advait Surana: So, | joined the company about 3 years ago and | did my industrial engineering in the 
US. Since | have come here, my main philosophy has been increasing our product portfolio and mainly 
adding more value-added products to the portfolio. So, one of the things that | have got done is the 
transformer products; that was my first initiative. | had actually gone all over the world, to Europe and 
to China, to see how they have set it up, and that is what | did first. 
| came back and set that up. So, 
now that space is booming, and in the future, that is what | look to do: see which value-added products 
are the future, and see how we can do them as a company. So, that is mainly what | am trying to do 
here. 
Devendra Surana: And slowly, he is becoming the face of the company also, meeting all the investors 
and looking at all the corporate affairs as well. So, the role will keep changing, | guess. Thanks for that 
question. 
Moderator: So, the next is: on our website, we have mentioned that we are into CTC wires as 
well and we see Atlanta as a customer on your PPT. Which other players are you supplying the 
CTC wires to? 
Advait Surana: So, again, CTC and enamelled wires come under our transformer portfolio. So, for 
the transformer and motor products, we have over 50 customers, and the main base is in Chennai. 
For the CTC, our main customers would be Crompton Greaves, Atlanta, TMCs and a few more 
companies that are creating power transformers. And recently, we have added another machine to our 
line for 48-conductor CTCs. Till now, we were doing only around 28 conductors, so now that we have 
48 conductors in our portfolio, we can service the entire copper range of transformers. So, anything 
that has to do with copper and transformers, we are able to do. 
Moderator: So, the next question is: why is value addition in the transformer segment lower 
compared to automotive and switchgear? Could you also briefly explain the products we 
supply to transformer customers? 
Devendra Surana: 
| think we have already explained the transformer customers. Switchgear and 
automotive components are much more difficult to make in terms of the process, the factory which is 
required and the machinery. So, therefore, they obviously command a much higher premium. The 
switchgear components are thin foils which have to go through various rolling and annealing 
processes. Auto components are quite complicated, and they require very intricate special-purpose 
machines and a special layout to make. That is why the margins there are higher. 
Moderator: Okay, so we will take the next question from Mr. Prateek. 
Page120f14

; 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Prateek Shrivastava: Thank you, sir. Sir, this is more of a business strategy, forward-looking 
question. Sir, you mentioned that you will have 65% of value-added products, which means 
that maybe even in the long run, you might have 35% of recycled copper-based commodity 
products. Now, sir, there is this certification called the Certified Green Copper Supplier that 
may command an additional premium. Have we done any market study on that? Even on the 
value-added products, we can wrap that certification on top and command a premium, 
especially for your exports, because you said that you are exporting the recycled copper, not 
the value-added products. So, maybe there, in Europe and other markets, we can command a 
higher premium on that. And it will help us even on the website. So, have we done any study in 
this direction, sir? 
Devendra Surana: Not really, Prateek. | mean, obviously, most of the copper which we are making 
is green copper. We also have solar power, which we are using in our factory. So, by all means, we 
should be qualified for being a green copper supplier. However, we have not seen any real traction in 
the green copper tag, so to say, for any of our marketing initiatives, other than, you know, as a 
corporate initiative. So, we are a green copper supplier, there is no doubt about it, but we have not yet 
done any study or any propagation of this concept of green copper for our plant. Similarly, EPR is also 
going to come in the next one or two years. All these things will add tailwinds to our company, but we 
are not really saying that this is going to tweak our business model too much. 
Prateek Shrivastava: 
Right, right, that | understand. But | think there is an additional 
certification too. 
Devendra Surana: Agreed. | know, but it really does not add too much value as of today. Coming 
forward, it might become very valuable, but right now, it does not add too much value. 
Prateek Shrivastava: Correct. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you. 
Moderator: So, the next question is: we believe the fundraise is for making sure that, in case 
of copper price volatility, we might have to pay additional margin to MCX. How much money 
would you need to fund that, or do you need funds at all? 
Devendra Surana: So, the margin required for our hedging on MCX depends on the price of copper. 
As the copper prices go up, we will require more and more money to fund the margin for MCX. So, it 
is a very, you know, if-and-but question. If the copper price doubles, yes, we will definitely require a lot 
of funds for the MCX margin. If the copper prices stay where they are, we really do not require any 
funds at all. It is contingent on the price of copper, which determines what our requirement of margin 
to MCXis. 
Moderator: Okay, sir. Thank you to the management team for answering all the questions and to all 
the participants for having such an engaging session. | now request the management team for their 
closing remarks. 
Devendra Surana: Thank you once again for holding this conference and | thank all the participants 
for the very, very deep questions about the company. All | can say is that | am looking very confidently 
at the business. As of today, we see a lot of demand. All our customers are looking to increase their 
volumes and everybody is talking about doubling their capacity in the next 3 years. So, just supplying 
to our existing customers is going to take care of most of our business growth requirements. We see 
a good future in this business and thank you once again for joining this call. Thank you. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. If any question remains unanswered, we would request you to drop us an 
email and we will be happy to answer all the questions. Thank you. 
Page130f14

® 
28th July, 2026 | 4:00 PM IST 
BHAGYANAGAR INDIA LIMITED 
Devendra Surana: Thank you so much. Thank you for this meeting. 
Page 14014
