 
 
 
ALLCARGO GLOBAL LIMITED 
(Formerly known as Allcargo Worldwide Limited, formerly known as Allcargo ECU Limited) 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 |  E: investor.relations@allcargo.global  |  W: www.allcargo.global  |  CIN: L52220MH2023PLC408966 
August 20, 2026 
 
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers   
Dalal Street, Fort   
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544602 
National Stock Exchange of India
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: AGL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please ﬁnd enclosed 
herewith transcript of earnings conference call of Allcargo Global Limited for the quarter ended June 
30, 2026, held on Monday, August 17, 2026, at 4:00 p.m. (IST).  
 
The transcript is annexed for your reference which can also be accessed on the Company’s website 
from the below link: 
 
 
https://www.allcargo.global/dataﬁles/2026/08/AllcargoGlobal-Earnings-Aug17-2026.pdf     
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Allcargo Global Limited 
 
 
Swati Singh 
Company Secretary and Compliance OƯicer 
Membership No.: A20388 
 
SWATI GOPAL 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
SWATI GOPAL SINGH 
Date: 2026.08.20 
18:03:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Global Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 17, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR -- DIRECTOR STRATEGY AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- ALLCARGO 
GROUP 
 
 
MR. STEPHEN DUNN -- GLOBAL CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER -- ALLCARGO GLOBAL 
 
 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI -- INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
ALLCARGO GROUP 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Allcargo Global Limited Q1 FY ‘27 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us the senior management team of Allcargo Global Limited, Mr. 
Ravi Jakhar, Director Strategy and Group CFO, Allcargo Group; Mr. Stephen Dunn, Global 
CFO, Allcargo Global; Mr. Sanjay Punjabi, Investor Relations, Allcargo Group. 
 
Please note, this call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are completely 
based upon company's beliefs, opinions, and expectation as of today. These statements are not a 
guarantee of the company's future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
The company also undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect 
the developments that occur after the statement is made. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Jakhar for his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. Hi. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Allcargo Global 
Limited's First Quarterly Earnings Call, subsequent to our listing as an independent entity. 
 
We appreciate your interest in our company and business, and look forward to discussing our 
performance for the quarter as we progress through this call. I'll talk about a few macro headlines 
and give you a bit of a perspective on how business is trending before handing over to my 
colleague, Stephen Dunn, for more financial highlights. 
 
Speaking of the macroeconomic environment, we are all aware that there's a crisis going on in 
the Middle East, which is impacting trade and is naturally impacting our volumes also 
negatively, and that has remained so for the last 5 months to 6 months. At the same time, we 
have seen corrections in inventory levels, and that has led to some momentum in freight flowing 
through the other trade lanes. 
 
As an outcome of that, we have seen sequential improvement in most trade lanes for our 
business, whether it's transatlantic, transpacific, or some of the intra-Asian trade lanes as well. 
As an outcome of that, we have seen incremental volumes in both LCL and air of the magnitude 
of about 5%, while on the FCL, we have seen a quarter-on-quarter growth rate of about 1%. 
 
A marginally lower growth rate on FCL is also coming from the fact that FCL business has 
higher contribution of the Middle East, Africa region, which is impacted by the war, and 
therefore, the negative pull of the Middle East region has a slightly more bearing. Otherwise, 
broadly, the trend is similar in terms of seeing volume expansions sequentially across all the 
trade lanes, across all the products. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
The other element which has now remained as a, you know, constant in the background is the 
Russia-Ukraine war and some of the other minor geopolitical disturbances, which have ensured 
that the global economic environment has remained more flattish, and it hasn't changed much 
over the last 12 months to 18 months. However, we do see that over the last 3month, 4 months, 
there has been marginal improvement in the trade environment, with volumes picking up for 
some of these key trade lanes. 
 
And like I mentioned, perhaps half of our growth is contributed by market growth, and half of 
our growth in this quarter is contributed by market outperformance. The other aspect that I would 
like to highlight is that the capacity on the carrier side has been somewhat more constrained with 
all these disruptions. And as an outcome of that, the freight rates prevailing over the last few 
months have been on the higher side, and which is what reflects in our revenues as well as freight 
being passed through in our some of our operating costs as well. 
 
What we have been able to do besides marginally benefiting from these tailwinds over the last 
few months. We have also focused a lot on company-specific initiatives on how we could keep 
our cost under control and not just mitigate the inflationary measures, but also perhaps bring 
down the costs over the last year's base using opportunities on both technology-led automations, 
replacing some of the work with Agentic AI, and also continuing our drive to have more and 
more resources based in lower cost geographies, which is made possible by our continued focus 
and investments in creating one single system for finance, HR, operations across the globe. So, 
that's a trend that continues for us on the business side. 
 
As we move forward, we are not taking into account any significant improvements in the 
economic environment as we prepare for our business strategy. Some of these geopolitical events 
are completely unpredictable, and rather than pivoting any of our plans to an outcome driven by 
an end to the Middle East conflict or end to some of the other conflicts, our focus entirely remains 
on operating in the environment as the business opportunity presents. 
 
And then trying to stay focused on improving our efficiency, we have brought down our loss-
making trade lanes, focused on container utilization, and all of these factors contribute to 
improved gross profits per unit of cargo that we carry. And like I mentioned, combined with the 
focus on staff and admin costs using tech and process excellence and offshoring are the key 
focus areas for us to maintain and continue to see marginally improved profit performance. So, 
that's in a nutshell on the operating environment and some of our core business strategies. 
And before we come back to questioning on these and some of the other broader points, I would 
now hand over to my colleague Stephen Dunn, the CFO for the company, to take us through 
some of the financial highlights. Steve. 
Stephen Dunn: 
Thank you. The first quarter of FY ‘27 reflects continued progress in our financial performance 
over the same period last year and sequential quarter. As highlighted, improving trade conditions 
supported volume growth across our businesses. This translated into consolidated revenue of 
INR3,522 crores for Q1 of FY ‘27, representing 5.8% year-on-year growth and 20.8% 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
sequentially. Gross profit stood at INR733 crores, up 2.5% year-on-year and 6.5% quarter-on-
quarter. 
 
More importantly, our continued focus on yield management, procurement efficiencies, process 
optimization, cost control, and productivity improvements has resulted in a significant 
improvement in profitability. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR33 crores compared to a loss 
of INR31 crores last year in Q1 of FY ‘26 and EBITDA of INR17 crores in Q4 FY ‘26. 
 
At the EBIT level, losses reduced significantly to INR18 crores compared with a loss of INR77 
crores in the corresponding quarter last year and a loss of INR33 crores in the previous quarter. 
Similarly, pre-exceptional PBT improved to a loss of INR24 crores versus a loss of INR92 crores 
in Q1 of FY ‘26 and a loss of INR36 crores in Q4 of FY ‘26. 
 
Profit after tax also improved substantially to a loss of INR28 crores compared with a loss of 
INR87 crores a year ago and a loss of INR45 crores in the immediately preceding quarter. 
Another encouraging aspect of the quarter was the continuing strengthening of our balance sheet. 
We further reduced higher cost standalone borrowings to INR272 crores as of June 30th, 2026, 
from INR314 crores as of March 31, 2026. This reflects our commitment to improving capital 
efficiency, lowering finance cost, and strengthening overall financial flexibility. 
 
While there is a lot of work to be done, the direction of travel is encouraging. The combination 
of recovering trade volumes, disciplined commercial execution, structural cost initiatives, AI-
led productivity enhancements, and a continued focus on cash generation positions us well for a 
sustained improvement in financial performance. We remain committed to delivering profitable 
growth and creating long-term value for all of our stakeholders. 
With that, we would be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question 
is from the line of Kiran from TableTree. Please go ahead. 
Kiran: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have two questions -- three questions given this is the 
first call. Sir, I know it seems very familiar in terms of talking LCL and all the industry terms. 
If you could just explain -- given this is the first con-call exclusively focused on Allcargo Global, 
if you could just explain the business model in simple terms for everybody to understand because 
this gets recorded, this is in transcripts, so people can read about the business model? 
 
If you could just explain for the next 2 minutes -- 3 minutes of how the business economics and 
the business model works. That will be really helpful? I know we have read through the 
presentation in terms of end-to-end from shipping to air freight, but just in your own words, if 
you could just explain that will be really helpful. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Sure. If you can add your other questions as well, so that we can respond together. 
Kiran: 
Sir, the second question is dependent on the answer on the first question, so please go ahead. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, primarily, you know, we operate in the international shipping and air transport business. 
As you can see, the mainstay of our business is LCL consolidation, which is less than container 
load consolidation. What we do is, the cargo either moves by air, which is what is captured in 
the air freight part of our business, but that's a small segment in our business. 
 
The ocean freight gets carried in containers, as you would know. There are two kinds of 
businesses in there. One is full container load, wherein customer is booking the entire container 
for moving from point A to point B. And the second part is LCL, or less than container load 
cargo, which means that somebody might be booking 1 cubic meters or 5 cubic meters or 2 cubic 
meters of cargo. 
 
And we receive these cargoes across our network, a global network of 2,400 direct trade lanes 
that we operate and, you know, many more indirect trade lanes that we operate. So, think of it 
as a somewhat like, you know, how you are on an airline, you're booking a seat and not chartering 
the entire aircraft. So, FCL is more like chartering the entire aircraft, which is like chartering the 
entire container, saying that, okay, I want to move my cargo, and LCL is like you're just buying 
a seat on the plane. 
 
And with, of course, not it not being a one standard seat, but, you know, almost like filling up 
different cargoes into the box. What we do is we run committed services, which means that, let's 
say, every Friday there would be something going from Port A to Port B or every 15 days or 
sometimes daily, we would have something going from, you know, say, Shanghai into Tokyo or 
-- so these are regular sailings that we operate across different port pairs, and customers, which 
in case of LCL business are largely forwarders, book this through us. 
 
So, that's the core business model in terms of what we do. The biggest advantage here is that for 
running these services, you need to have enough load to provide regular services, which becomes 
a huge entry barrier, and therefore, across these markets there are only a handful of global 
players, and we are the market leaders globally, holding about 14.5% market share in this 
business. 
 
Over the last about 7 years -- 8 years, we have focused a lot on technology. We are perhaps the 
only company in this domain operating with our own in-house operating system, our own digital 
platform, which now accounts for 70% of our export bookings, and our own in-house teams on 
data science, AI, and other tech initiatives. So, an unmatched global scale, market leadership in 
volumes that we carry, and a leadership in tech and digital aspects is what puts us ahead of the 
competition in an environment which is also brings in challenges in terms of entry barriers for 
setting up the network. 
Kiran: 
Perfect, sir. Perfect. Now, this is really helpful. Thanks for that. Sir, the second question that I 
had was given -- and this is probably a recurring question to you in private conversations, but 
given the large shipping lines and very heavy busy shipping lines, there is what you call in-
sourcing. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
So the Maersks of the world, insource a lot of heavy-duty shipping lines, leaving a third-party 
shipping lines like us into the lower volume traffic. Is what I basically understand. Again, this 
is my very rudimentary fundamental understanding on the business. 
If you could help correct the notion or maybe throw a nuance on the notion about these large 
shippers themselves in-sourcing a lot of very high volume, high margin business leaving only 
the -- what – the sort of crumbs, so to speak, on the shipping lines for people like us. Is that the 
wrong understanding or help me correct that, please? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. I would comment on that that that is not the correct understanding. And not just this 
business, I think, you know, any business in the world across manufacturing or services would 
always have a high volume, low margin or a low volume, high margin business. You tend to 
operate on thinner margins when it comes to, you know, customers who buy at scale from you. 
 
And typically, what tends to happen is that, you know, some of the biggest accounts which run 
into, you know, possibly several hundred thousand TEUs of requirements would engage 
increasingly more and more with direct shipping lines. But those are high volume, FCL business 
that is conducted. 
 
Our mainstay is LCL. We are talking about moving cubic meters of cargo, and this is the highest 
profit margin business in the entire ocean freight segment, and shipping lines carry a very small, 
tiny fraction of this business. 
Kiran: 
Got it. Understood. Then the easier and the more local question, sir. How confident are we to 
kind of do a gross margin of 22% to 23% in this business? Do you see a large section of the 
business still continuing to gain share on LCL or are there other modes of transport that we have 
found the niches where there is high margin which helps us push the gross margin to 22% to 
23%? 
 
Because our cost base right now roughly is INR2,800 crores per year, sir, if I'm analyzing Q1. 
Maybe there'll be some efficiencies of INR100 crores -- INR150 crores because of AI and all 
the optimization that you're seeing. So, just if you could paint a picture around the gross margins 
and the cost base as well? That's my final question and I'll rejoin back in the queue. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, in our business, gross margin honestly does not hold any significant value because gross 
margin means your profit in percentage terms. In our business, a significant amount of our cost 
is ocean freight, which is extremely volatile and can vary significantly, and this largely serves 
as the pass-through cost. And therefore, you know, typically in the higher freight environments, 
you would tend to see that margins would come down, while in reality that's a better situation 
for us because we are making, you know, higher returns on capital employed and we are 
generating higher profits as well. 
 
While on the contrary, when freight rates tend to go down in, you know, a subdued economic 
environment, our gross margin could expand in percentage terms, but in reality, that means that 
we are operating on, you know, lower gross profit and the profit also goes down. So, the way 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
we have always explained this business over the last 20 years, earlier as part of Allcargo 
Logistics and now as a new company, is that you have to look at gross profit per cubic meter or 
gross profit per TEU. That is how we even do our operational budgeting. 
 
So, revenue is not a, you know, relevant line item, interestingly, in this business. And what we 
look at is we try to maintain a gross profit per cubic meter on the LCL business, gross profit per 
TEU on the FCL business. And that is what we call as the yield. And that yield is what is the 
driver. So, we typically even when, let's say, any particular country or branch is making a budget, 
they would say this is the volume which I want to do, and at this yield, which means that this is 
the gross profit I want to achieve. 
 
A revenue is often an implied number because the ocean freight rates can fluctuate. So, that is 
how we look at. So, that's how one should read through the numbers as well, looking at gross 
profit relative to the volume. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. So, you're talking about yields then. So, essentially the yields normalizing is when 
we'll actually see the numbers? Got it. Sir, from a cost base perspective, are we at INR2,800 
crores per year? Is that the rough number that we should model in? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I would say that, you know, 15% of our business sits in India, approximately. 80% to 85% 
business sits outside India. Now, the biggest cost contribution comes in from ocean freight, 
which largely operates in U.S. dollar terms. And the local staff and admin cost operate in local 
currencies. 
 
A significant part of that would be in euros in European countries, and USD is the second most 
important currency in the global basket, driven by U.S. as well as many other countries which 
have their currencies pegged to USD or are range bound. So, the cost in rupee terms can tend to 
vary depending on where rupee is. 
 
Usually, internally, we use dollar because that's the more dominant currency in both cost and 
revenue side. So, typically when analyzing trends, dollar could be a better currency to look at 
for, you know, comparing, you know, past year versus this year, as compared to rupee because 
rupee would tend to be more volatile in context to the global P&L. 
Kiran: 
Got it. So, you would much rather stay cost terms in dollar terms. I'm just trying to understand 
sir, in terms of -- I mean, outside of the rupee depreciation angle, I'm just trying to understand, 
will we be roughly here in terms of cost because your presentation talks a lot about cost cutting 
measures and AI and everything else. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. 
Kiran: 
So, I'm just trying to understand what the percentage shape that you're looking at. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, Yes. So, one line response to that would be that our intent is to keep the cost flat in dollar 
terms. And so, therefore, only increase that you would see would be on account of, you know, 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
translation of the global cost from U.S. dollars into rupees as we report in Indian rupees, but then 
there will also be corresponding benefit on the revenue side because there also dollar would 
convert into rupees. 
 
So, if you're looking at only cost as a line item, you know, take off the rupee depreciation, more 
likely or in certain cases an unlikely appreciation. So, you just adjust for the rupee dollar 
adjustments and the intent is to keep it flat in dollar terms. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. Got it. I'll join back in the queue, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Before we move to the next question, a reminder to the participants to ask a question, 
you may press star and one. Next question is from the line of Chaitanya from Amaltas. Please 
go ahead. 
Chaitanya: 
Hi. Good afternoon, and thank you for this opportunity. This is in continuation with the question 
that the last participant asked. This is regarding the gross profit per TEU that you discussed. I 
just wanted to understand that from the numbers if I look at your historical numbers, it seems 
like after the boom of COVID cycles, these yields have fallen quite significantly starting FY ‘24 
and I think in FY ‘26, I think you made a loss. 
 
So, just want to understand what are these cycles and is this industry cyclical because if I look 
at the longer history, it doesn't seem to be, but after COVID the numbers seem to suggest that -
- these numbers seem to suggest that it's cyclical. So, if you could just talk about it. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So, a few comments on in response to that question. First, as you could see, from the most 
recently reported numbers, the volumes have been down across products. As we have reported, 
we have seen approximately 4% decline in LCL volumes and a double-digit decline in the air 
and FCL volumes, which means that volumes came down across the board and despite that on a 
year-on-year basis the gross profit has moved upwards. So, you know, that kind of speaks about 
the direction in which yield has moved. 
 
There were a couple of years when the yields were significantly high post the COVID period. 
So, those, you know, about 21 months to 24 months, you could to a certain extent call out as an 
exceptional because the freight rates had significantly increased and that led to higher margins 
in FCL as well. But on an overall basis, if you look at leaving those 2 years out, the yield has 
continuously improved over a period of time. 
 
It’s largely the volumes that have remained subdued in the last – you know, I would say almost 
now a couple of years on the back of the economic environment and further caused by 
geopolitical disruptions. But on the yield side, we have actually moved upwards, and like I said 
even in the most recent quarter, if you look at the volume and the gross profit trend, the yields 
would point towards a positive number. 
 
And the second thing you spoke about the cyclicality. So, I would say that, you know, it does 
not follow any cyclicality as such, but it closely shadows the economic and the trade 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
environment. And therefore, any disruptions which come into play, you know, such as those 
caused by tariff barriers last year, you know, war in the Middle East this year, some of these 
would have an bearing on the global economic and trade performance and that would reflect, 
you know, in the performance of the business as well. 
 
Now, naturally over the longer history, such events have been, you know, less frequent, and 
what we have seen both on the positive side on economic boom driven by economic stimulus 
during the COVID or, you know, the downward trends on account of geopolitical crises, both 
negative and positive events have become far too frequent over the last 5 years, and therefore, 
there seems to be higher volatility in the global economic and trade environment, and -- but I 
would say it's not a stagnation. 
 
Now, at least over the last couple of years we have seen the industry bottoming out in a way on 
the volume side, and I would say that our base case is that we assume that nothing much changes 
for the next 12 months, and which is why we try to increase volumes primarily by chipping in a 
little bit on the market share and then trying to stay more focused on, you know, how can we 
negotiate better contracts, how can we improve utilization, how can we reduce loss-making trade 
lanes, improve profitability on trade lanes. 
 
And a host of these measures which can allow us to incrementally improve the yield and also 
then keep the cost, you know, constant and therefore, we continue to drive the profitability. So, 
our focus is more inwards because the external environment is not in our control, but it's rather 
than a cyclical, it's more of, you know, significant disruptions and positive and negative volatility 
that we have seen, which hopefully should be lesser. But, you know, I mean, I could not really 
comment on that as there is no, you know, certainty on how the geopolitical environment shapes 
up. 
 
Regarding the last point, I would like to highlight that, you know, at – in the depreciation in our 
business is largely on account of, if you go back into the history, the way the company has 
grown, we have also grown on the back of various acquisitions, and therefore, you know, there's 
goodwill on the books, there are a lot of other non-cash assets which also depreciate. 
 
As a business, it's an extremely asset-light business with hardly any capital assets owned or even 
the capex investments are a tiny fraction of the company's P&L and therefore, most of the 
depreciation would be non-cash in nature, and in fact over the coming quarters we intend to 
provide a bit more perspective on that, and which is why, while one could look at negative 
numbers, the business has actually, you know, generated cash in the recent times. 
 
And even on an overall basis if you look at the last couple of years, we have sequentially brought 
down the debt on our books, which has been an outcome of cash generation with both, you know, 
operating business initiatives plus some of the asset divestment initiatives as well. Yes. So, I 
hope I was able to give you some perspective on your question. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Chaitanya: 
Yes. Very helpful. Also, I wanted to understand the difference in unit economics between the 
LCL and the FCL and the air cargo business. And you may correct me if I'm wrong because I 
don't have the entire data set with me. It seems like since quite a bit of years I would say, since 
2016 or 2017, the LCL volumes seem to be flattish and all the growth has come from FCL and 
air cargo and I may be wrong here because I don't have the actual numbers with me, but this is 
what I could deduce from the annual reports. So A, what is the difference in unit economics of 
between these businesses? And has LCL stagnated or has that also been growing? Is there a 
structural issue over there or not? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So one, you know naturally, LCL being the most niche business would tend to be having 
highest profitability as compared to FCL, which would be lowest of the three products and air 
would sit somewhere in the middle. In terms of the growth rates, you would find FCL business 
having higher compounded growth rates primarily on the account of coming on a low base. But 
like I mentioned, you know, in the addressable market globally we hold about 14.5% market 
share in LCL. In FCL that number is not even 1%. So, it's a highly fragmented market and our 
contribution or, you know, share is much smaller. 
 
In terms of the growth actually if you would observe you would find that the business had 
steadily grown on the LCL business as well. But over the last 2 years there has been a contraction 
of volumes and now in the most recent period, like I mentioned, you know, over the last 6 months 
the Middle East crisis further had a negative impact on the volumes and which is what has led 
to. So, if you see where we stand today, we are almost 10% below on the LCL volumes to where 
we were a couple of years back. 
 
And last 2 years, the environment has been quite worse. The actual volumes possibly for the 
industry have come down by almost 13% to 14% because we would be outperforming about 3% 
to 4% roughly or maybe slightly more than that on the overall volume side. 
So I would say that the decline in the volumes is across both LCL and FCL over the recent 
couple of years, but because we have a dominant market position in LCL that impact becomes 
immediately visible in our P&L while FCL because you are expanding into new countries, you're 
opening new markets, you were growing at a much higher growth rate of say 18%, 20% over a 
period of almost seven eight years continued. 
So now when you reduce 14%, 15% from 20 you still get to 4%, 5%, but in on the LCL side you 
would typically tend to see a negative impact. So I would say it's not a stagnation, but it is growth 
in different dimensions and then offset by the subdued economy. So for an example, the decline 
in volumes would have come from some of our most mature markets in Europe in the recent 
times, even US, compared to volumes which we were handling. 
But at the same time, we have seen growth in emerging markets in Latin America, Southeast 
Asia, India as well. So, but the two have been kind of offset in a certain way, and as the economic 
situation rebounds, you should see the growth come back in. In general, the thumb rule is that 
the LCL business tends to grow roughly at about 2x the FCL growth rate. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Now, that is the opportunity for us that in LCL because we already have a dominant position in 
some other markets, if the industry is growing at 2x of the FCL growth rate, maybe we can grow 
at 2.5x or 3x somewhere broadly in that range. But in the FCL even if the industry is growing at 
x%, we can even grow at 3x, 4x, or 5x purely because we are still not present in many markets 
and many opportunities are there. 
So in terms of growth rates FCL potentially can be higher growth rates. But then LCL is what is 
the most niche business, highest profit margins, lowest working capital, and therefore the most 
profitable business and hence the mainstay and also the most important strategic focus for us. 
Chaitanya: 
Okay, so if I understand it correctly, LCL would be the trigger for the profit numbers to start 
showing up, right? The growth in LCL volume. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Absolutely. 
Chaitanya: 
I have one more question if you don't mind me asking or I can join back the queue as well. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Sure, you can go ahead. I'll try to be brief so that we can have other participants also come in. 
Chaitanya: 
Yes, again this is a question you mentioned that it's an asset light business, but you have quite a 
bit of debt on your books. So a, is that against any assets or acquisitions or is that working capital 
debt? And in terms of return on capital, what is your internal target for return on capital in this 
business? What do you think can be generated from the operations that you run? Compared to 
because your historical numbers have been quite good. So I'm just understanding, trying to 
understand what we should expect going into the future. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So as far as the debt is concerned, it has primarily been one towards the working capital 
and secondly it also pertains to some of the acquisitions historically as the business historically 
did acquisitions and also expanded the business. In terms of return on capital employed, I would 
refrain from any immediate guidance, but if you would look at the historical numbers on this 
business, the return on capital employed has been always north of 20%, and definitely we need 
to be heading back to that zone broadly. Exact guidance I would refrain from. Maybe we'll try 
to provide in the coming quarters as we put across projections for the future years. 
Chaitanya: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dhruv S from Leo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv S: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So my first question is, sir, could you help us understand the 
sustainable margin profile of the business? Historically margins have been quite volatile, like 
we have seen volatility with freight rates and trade cycle. As the business normalizes, what do 
you see as a sustainable long term EBITDA margin and what are the key factors that could drive 
if it's higher or lower from here? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Like I mentioned, the gross profit margins in terms of the percentage terms and by the same 
logic, EBITDA margins in percentage terms are not very relevant to the P&L in this business. 
In terms of the gross profit per unit of volume, we believe that the current levels can be sustained. 
So any incremental growth that you would see in volumes would be a direct multiplier on the 
gross profit. And on the cost side, the intent is to keep it flat in dollar terms. And therefore that 
should create an operating leverage and an impact on the EBITDA. That's the way to look at this 
business, I would say. 
Dhruv S: 
Okay, sir, thank you. My second question is given the ongoing geopolitical disruptions, changes 
in trade routes, and increasing supply chain diversification, how are you thinking about the 
medium to long term growth opportunity for the business? And do you see these disruptions as 
a structural opportunity for volume and market share or are they like likely to remain near term 
headwinds for growth? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes. So I would say that like I said earlier, geopolitical conflicts cannot be predicted at least by 
us on the business side, and therefore we go in with the assumption of no significant growth over 
the next 12 months, and we plan our strategy based on that, to chip in at the market share and 
control more on the cost side. 
From a medium to long term, personally, I would say one would tend to read in on various expert 
commentary. One would expect the Middle East crisis to end at some point in time, whether it's 
3 months or 12 months, no one knows. But since you talked about mid to long term, which in 
my mind is 3 to 5 years, I would think that this crisis would be behind us. 
And hopefully there should be some revival in the economic environment, and that should mean 
that the trade flows can possibly regularize. From our business perspective, at this point in time, 
we are focused on costs, and currently with all the acquisitions and organic initiatives, we are 
well present across all the key markets globally, and therefore any tailwind that comes in by way 
of economic growth, we should be well positioned to capture that. 
Dhruv S: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. I hope I'm audible. First to understand the business as a whole 
in terms of volumes, right. If you look at global trade, though there have been disruptions but 
the volumes have been broadly steady if we read from the top shipping companies globally. But 
for us the volumes have declined if I look at year on year basis LCL about 4 percentage, FCL 
around 13 percentage. So, what explains the volume degrowth compared to the broad-based 
global trade which has been more or less flat? How should one understand this volume 
degrowth? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so when you're looking at the global trade often the commentary includes both the loaded 
and the empty repositioning containers as well. As far as the LCL business is concerned, it has 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
de-grown by a higher number than what we have de-grown by if you look at an year-on-year 
picture at a global level. 
On the FCL side, the de-growth on our numbers for this quarter would be higher because we 
have a significant contribution coming in on the FCL business from Middle East. And that's one 
region which has been worst impacted by the by the current disruptions. So that is why I would 
say the overall global decline in FCL business would have been lower than us, but on the LCL 
on a year-on-year basis, the industry has declined more than our decline on the year-on-year 
basis. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And how should one categorize the LCL business volume growth fundamentally over medium 
to long term? There have been a lot of views in terms of getting disrupted because a shipper will 
want to integrate that service also into their business, and then there are other arguments. How 
will you place the sort of structural volume growth of industry when you provide a lot of 
services, a lot of operational intensity which goes into your business? So how would you 
categorize the volume growth of your LCL business fundamentally over medium to long term? 
And how do you see the normalization of volume growth happening in the current fiscal year as 
well? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so as far as the LCL business is concerned, there is absolutely no alternative except air 
freight, which is a much more expensive alternative. Somebody who's wanting to ship 1, 2, or 5 
cubic meters of cargo, and to give you a perspective, an average shipment size is roughly 
somewhere in the range of 3 to 4 cubic meters in our global business. 
Somebody wanting to ship 1, 2, or 5 cubic meters of cargo has only two options, to ship it by 
LCL or to ship it by air when we're talking about the cross-country trade. So there are no 
alternatives for shippers in terms of the mode of transport. In terms of who they could use, like 
I mentioned, it requires think of it as running an airline network. 
Now if you only have demand for 10 passengers every day from City A to City B, you cannot 
run a flight. So for an airline to operate, you need to have enough demand to be able to deploy 
an aircraft. Similarly, for a shipping company, it needs to have enough demand on that particular 
trade lane to be able to deploy a daily once in 3 days or a weekly or a fortnightly sailing. 
And that requires a tremendous scale of operations because having that consistent demand is not 
something which can be replicated in short time, and which is why if you see the global 
networks, all the key global players are the ones which you can date back to the last century. So 
that's how I would put it across, that there are no alternatives per se. 
Within these set of LCL players such as us and others, those who can continue to drive 
operational efficiencies, reduce costs of service, and embed technology to integrate well with 
the shippers, those would tend to win in the long term. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
For FCL ex of Middle East, what will be our volume degrowth? You mentioned that Middle 
East had an impact for our overall FCL volume growth. So, ex of Middle East, can you give a 
range? What will the number be? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So barring the Middle East, I would say we have grown across our transatlantic trade, we have 
grown into Latin America, those are the two key markets which are on the positive side on the 
FCL business. Middle East is what has been low. So which means that both volumes in and out 
of Middle East have de-grown significantly, and also that has an impact on the other regions to 
some extent. 
For an example, North Asia, which includes China, for us is the biggest contributor to FCL 
volumes into Middle East. So, they would also have seen a negative impact on that. But some 
of the other markets like transatlantic and business into Latin America has seen growth for us 
over the last year on year. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And can you comment on how do you see the near-term volume growth? Should it improve from 
the Q1 base or the current volume should more or less sustain? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So like I mentioned earlier, the base case that we are running is a continued marginal uptick in 
volumes for the next few months, which is the typical trend in the industry. You tend to see 
marginal uptick up to a couple of months prior to Christmas, and then the volumes tend to get 
flatter or be a little subdued around the Chinese New Year, and they tend to pick up after that. 
Now we expect the similar trajectory to be followed this year, but no substantial growth given 
that some of the challenges on the economic side still persist as an overhang. So I would say 
marginal incremental volumes is what we are forecasting, and on the back of other initiatives 
slightly more compounded positive impact on the profitability side would be our anticipation. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sure. And in terms of the freight cycle, right. I mean if I go through the companies commentary 
earlier that the group was fully consolidated, that it is a pass-through in terms of freight rates 
and we have seen freight rates materially improving somewhere between 20% to 30% and maybe 
it will differ based on geography. How should one look at our gross margins in context of how 
the global freight cycle is? Should we try to correlate, should we not correlate? And if not the 
case, then what can enable us to improve our absolute gross profits, which will eventually mean 
that overall bottom line is healthy? So how should one think about it? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so I think, like you rightly pointed out, the absolute gross profits is what we focus on rather 
than the percentage margins. Now what happens is two things here. One on the revenue, while 
it's a pass-through cost it tends to does have a close resemblance to the P&L, and I'll explain to 
you why. 
On the LCL business, if the freight rates are high, you would tend to have more demand, because 
a higher freight rate means there's higher demand. Now higher demand and less supply means 
that we are in a situation to improve our container utilization. Now our costs for what we pay 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
for to the shipping line is the container, what we charge for is the cubic meter inside the 
container. 
So typically, what we tend to observe is in higher freight rate environments, we tend to see 
marginal improvements in our utilization, which leads to improved profitability. On the FCL 
side, that to some extent has a profitability bearing, not exactly proportional, but it has some 
bearing as we try to factor in the working capital cost and take the quotations up or down. 
So in a typically higher freight environment, FCL margins also will tend to expand. So on the 
back of increased utilization and on the back of slightly improved margins, FCL generally you 
would find a correlation between the profitability and the freight rates, though in theory we are 
moving the freight rates as a pass-through cost. But like I explained, these are the factors. 
In terms of the absolute gross profit if you observe over the last seven, eight years, we have 
improved our yield considerably, which is the gross profit per unit of volume that we handle. 
And how we have done that is a multitude of factors. Earlier -- 10 years ago we were largely 
doing ocean port-to-port. We have gone into much more door deliveries. 
We are offering first mile, last mile connectivity on many of these cargoes that we handle. Then 
we have created scale at which we are able to negotiate better terms with the warehouse 
contractors where we operate for consolidating and deconsolidating the stuffing, de-stuffing the 
boxes. We have done a lot of network optimization. Significant percentage of business 
historically could be sitting in the loss-making trade lanes because of utilization not being better. 
So a lot of technology process, practices have been used to significantly improve the gross profit 
per unit of cargo that we handle. And that is something which we believe would continue at the 
same levels. And the expansion in absolute gross profits in the months, quarters, or years to 
come would be primarily driven by volume. 
So we our intent is to maintain the yield that we have currently, and grow volumes, and which 
lead to the gross profit expansion, and while maintaining the cost to create an operating leverage 
on the profit. That's the outcome of strategies that we are working on. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Then ideally in the current quarter or in the, like last couple of quarters, the gross profit should 
have moved up considering the freight rates have moved up, but that we don't see in the P&L. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So like I mentioned, if you see Q-on-Q, our volumes moved by about four and a half, 5% in LCL 
and Air, and the FCL moved by about 1%. As we have historically stated the LCL and FCL 
breakup is about two-thirds, one-third. Which means that on a compounded basis, the direct 
correlation GP should have grown somewhere in the range of about 4%, 4.1%, 4.2%. Compared 
to that, the gross profit has grown about 6.6%. So that extra two to two and a half percent is 
largely coming from slightly marginal impact of the freight rate environment and some of the 
efficiencies brought in as well. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sure. And lastly on cost structures. I mean we had about INR705 crores SG&A, if I combine the 
opex and employee cost, that run rate should remain the same? It shouldn't go up, is that fair 
assumption to consider? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I think I responded on this same question a while back. So just to reiterate, our intent is to 
keep the cost flat in dollar terms. Dollar is the more standard operating currency both for our 
revenue and operating cost, with on the employee side, some cost sitting in European Union, 
which are have been appreciating, and then some sitting in India and some other markets 
shipping depreciating, or on a holistic basis, dollar acts as the single most relevant currency on 
our basket of revenue and cost. So in dollar terms, our intent would be to keep the employee 
expenses and the admin expenses flat over the coming couple of years. That would be the intent. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Just last question, if I look at the historical profitability, even pre-COVID, there were a couple 
of years in during COVID which were phenomenal for us, but pre-COVID for this business was 
more or less stable in terms of what EBITDA you are generating, and even you mentioned about 
20% ROC profile of the business steady state. 
But to achieve those historical metrics you had in terms of EBITDA and what ROC profile you 
mentioned, the delta that needs to come into P&L is like significant. So, how should one imagine 
that should be coming? Will that take a long journey in terms of improving volumes, pricing, 
cost structures, everything or the normalization can be relatively quick? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So I would put that across on the trade normalization. In terms of the absolute quantum we 
should be in the right range, provided we see another I would say, just a ballpark, maybe a 12% 
to 15% growth on volumes from here should put us in all the right desired trajectories. Now that 
12% to 15% volume growth from here would be some part of that can come through market 
share gains, but a good part of that will have to come through trade rebound as well. 
Now if trade rebound happens sooner, then it can be faster, because market share expansion can 
only happen at a certain pace over the years. So a combination of those two would define where 
-- so if the economic environment changes favorably, we could reach there much quicker. If it 
remains like this, it may take a bit longer as I would put it. But that's a broad ballpark target at 
which things would start looking very different. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Sure, got it. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kiran from TableTree. Please go ahead. 
Kiran: 
Yes, thank you so much for the follow-up. Sir, we keep talking about gross profit per yield and 
EBITDA -- sorry, gross profit per ton and yields. Is there any particular yield number that we 
look at? I mean, from what I could read, we have about 14,700 TEUs in FCL. LCL if I divide 
by roughly 30, we have 68,000. So just trying to understand, are you looking at any particular 
yield number that we should kind of model in, in terms of a range? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So the CBM and TEU yields are very different because LCL and FCL business are 
fundamentally different. What we do offer for better insights to our investors and analysts, is we 
provide a monthly update, which would commence, as the company has now got listed earlier, 
we used to provide it as a business update, now it will come in for the company update starting 
this month. 
Wherein we provide -- so while we cannot provide absolute numbers, we provide a scale. Which 
means that if the yield was 100 one year ago, how has that progressed over the last 12 months. 
So that can give you a good directional trend on the yield across LCL and FCL business, which 
we shall be providing in our monthly update that we shall release from the company side. 
Kiran: 
Got it, sir. Got it, understood. Then the second follow-up is, sir, we spoke about being asset light, 
but we have a short-term debt of about INR900 crores as of March 26 -- actually INR1,300 
crores if I'm not considering the lease liabilities bit of it. So we have short-term borrowings of 
about INR918 crores. 
So just to understand, when we say asset light, this doesn't include working capital because 
INR1,000 crores debt -- approximately INR1,000 crores debt is quite a huge number. That is 
one part of the question. The second part of the question is given we have done a lot of 
acquisitions, amortizations and everything else, how does management think about acquisitions 
going forward? 
Are we saying, look, let's integrate and grow the business first for the next 18 months and then 
look for acquisitions, or will you continue to acquire businesses when you come across? Those 
are the two parts of the questions, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So to respond on the first part, the debt is largely working capital debt, and we've also historically 
invested in acquiring different businesses and capital has been deployed towards that, while 
profits have to a large extent also been distributed and paid out as dividend to shareholders. In 
terms of the acquisitions, we have done strategy acquisitions over the years to enter into new 
products or new markets. 
At this point in time, we do not foresee any need for any further markets. We are present in all 
the relevant markets. We are present in all the products that we want to be. And with the network 
strength that we have over the last couple of years, we have grown more organically. So even in 
new markets, we've entered by hiring new teams for new products as well as for entering into 
new markets. 
So at least in the near term, the strategy is to grow by investing in people and not buying 
businesses. 
Kiran: 
Thank you so much. And this INR900 crores of working capital debt, are you looking to reduce 
it or will it be steady state here? 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So some part of this is also not interest bearing as it gets offset by the cash sitting on books as 
well. And being a global company, sometimes moving cash across borders may not be most 
efficient. So we do work with a single global bank in many countries wherein cash sitting on the 
books also acts as a cover against this. 
So you can also look at the cash balance against this debt and therefore the net debt is almost 
40% of this or slightly more would also be the cash sitting on books. So therefore the net debt is 
effectively 60% of the number that you mentioned. Further, we intend to increase that 
significantly over the next two, three quarters itself by one, focus on reducing the working capital 
on the balance sheet. 
Secondly, some non-core asset divestments, some of the real estate that we may still own which 
we don't need to own and a few other measures on the working capital improvement. See, the 
net debt number, which I would say call out as the more relevant number looking at debt net of 
cash, should come down significantly over the next two to three quarters. 
And we'll provide an update in the coming quarter and subsequently on how the net debt has 
trended for this business over the last trailing four quarters. 
Kiran: 
 
 
Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, two, three follow-ups. Firstly, on debt number in the presentation, you have disclosed 
standalone net debt number as of June end. Can you give what is the consolidated gross debt and 
net debt as of June end? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, I'll request my colleague Steve to respond to that. Steve? 
Stephen Dunn: 
Yes, sorry, the consolidated debt is about INR942 crores at the end of March -- the June quarter. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And what will be the net debt amount? 
Stephen Dunn: 
Net debt is run about INR570 crores. Yes. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay. Secondly, you spoke about the selling some of the non-core assets. I mean, I think since 
the listing there was one such transaction which we saw with your group company. Can you 
elaborate a little bit more? What sort of asset, what sort of size one can consider those assets to 
be? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I would say these would be some of the warehousing and office assets that we own, which 
combined could be just a very ballpark number would be somewhere around USD10 million to 
USD15 million all combined. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Okay, USD10 million to USD15 million. Got it. Sure, yes, that's it from my side. Thank you so 
much. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allcargo Global Limited 
 
August 17, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as a last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Ravi Jakhar for closing comments. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, thank you everyone for joining in on the call, and we remain excited talking about our 
business and providing more perspective to our shareholders and analysts. I would strongly 
recommend that you be in touch with our investor relations team. Sanjay Punjabi is the person 
to reach out to. 
If you have any insights on the business in terms of -- we'll be always happy to hear from you 
and take your feedback. And also any questions that you have, we tend to not provide any 
selective information, but always open to understanding what questions come more often to 
investor and analyst's mind and based on that continue to update our quarterly presentations to 
include more and more insights as we can help you to understand the business. 
So please feel free to reach out to Sanjay and the team and we'll be happy to provide more details. 
Yes. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Allcargo Global Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
