 
 
 
Brainbees Solutions Limited                                                                              CIN: L51100PN2010PLC136340 
Corporate/Registered Office:- Rajashree Business Park, Plot No. 114, Survey No. 338, Tadiwala Road,                           
Nr. Sohrab Hall, Pune – 411001 Contact: +91-8482989157 Email Id:legal@firstcry.com  Website: www.firstcry.com 
 
FC/SE/2026-27/37 
 
August 20, 2026 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: FIRSTCRY 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 544226 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call on the Un-audited financial results for quarter ended 
June 30, 2026 
  
Ref:   Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing 
Regulations”) and our earlier intimation dated August 10, 2026 bearing reference no. 
FC/SE/2026-27/31 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing 
Regulations, please see enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call with the 
Analysts/Investors held on Thursday, August 13, 2026 post announcement of Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended               
June 30, 2026. 
 
The audio-video recording of the Earnings Call along with the Transcript has been uploaded 
on the Company’s website and the same can be accessed from the link provided below: 
https://www.firstcry.com/investor-relations/quarterly-results  
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For Brainbees Solutions Limited 
 
Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
Encl: As above 
GAUTAM 
SHARMA
Digitally signed by 
GAUTAM SHARMA 
Date: 2026.08.20 23:04:30 
+05'30'

 
 
 
1 
 
“Brainbees Solutions Limited  
(FirstCry) - Earnings Call 
 
Q1 and FY27 Results” 
August 13, 2026, 6:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Group Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Chief Business Officer 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Country Head, Middle East Business 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
CEO, Globalbees 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Investor Relations 
 
 
 

 
 
 
2 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Good evening, everyone. 
 
Welcome to Brainbees Solutions Limited Q1 of the financial year 2027 
earnings call. This is Harsh. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
You're not audible 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Hello 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, please 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
So good evening everyone. 
 
Welcome to Brainbees Solutions Limited Q1 of FY2027 earnings call. 
This is Harsh Kabra, and I have with me, Mr. Supam Maheshwari - 
Managing Director and CEO of the Company, Mr. Gautam Sharma - 
Group Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vivek Goel - Chief Business Officer 
of the Company, and Mr. Abhinav Sharma - Country Head of Middle 
East Business Operation. We also have Mr. Anuj Jain - the Chief 
Executive Officer of GlobalBees. 
 
Kindly note that this call is meant for analysts and investors of the 
company. We wish to highlight that the call is being recorded, and by 
participating in this event, you consent to such recording, distribution, 
and publication. All participants have been muted as per the default 
mode, and participants will be unmuted once we open the Q&A forum 
for the members to ask questions, and after the presentation from the 
management concludes. 
 
We will be covering the presentation in the beginning of the call, and 
we will thereafter open for the Q&A forum. We would like to point 
out that some of the statement made in today's call may be forward-
looking in nature, and the disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the presentation shared with you. 
 
With this, I request Mr. Supam Maheshwari to take it over. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Good evening, everyone.  
Welcome once again to our first quarter of FY27 performance. Thank 
you for joining this call. I request if you can put up the presentation, 
Harsh. At least we can't see it. 
 

 
 
 
3 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Yes, sir. I'm presenting it. Sir, let me know once it is visible. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes, okay. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Go to the first slide. 
Mr. Harsh Kabra  
Yes. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Perfect, Thank you. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Welcome once again.  
 
I think We'll begin with our vision and mission, as you are all very 
familiar with that. So, I won't repeat it, but Baby's FirstCry is a special 
moment for parents. And at FirstCry, we continue to work towards an 
aim to make this very moment as well as all such moments of 
parenting journey filled with joy and happiness for all young parents. 
So that's our mission so far, and we continue to drive that going 
forward as well. 
 
We'll be covering today some of these points, and we'll begin with the 
first overall performance. Key highlights for the Quarter 1 FY27 
performance from a consolidated business perspective, which is 
consolidating our India multi-channel our international business, 
GlobalBees, and other segments, which is primarily our pre-school 
business. 
 
Overall business has grown 13% year on year. This is the strongest 
revenue growth in the last five years, that we have demonstrated on 
a consolidated basis and we have also demonstrated 34% 
improvement year on year basis on a consolidated basis on loss 
reduction after tax. Now we’ll go into the segmental updates. 
 
On India multi-channel, which is our core business segment reflecting 
the highest ever, you know the highest growth rates that we have 
been focusing on. So, you can see on the right-hand side the quarterly, 
year-on-year sequential growth and now in this quarter, we have 
demonstrated around 17.7% revenue growth rate, the strongest again 
in last seven quarters. And these are all some of our initiatives that 
have been at play in FY26 and even in FY27 that we have been sharing 
with you, for last many quarters. 

 
 
 
4 
 
 
With some of our initiatives in the offline channel as well, the GMV of 
offline continues to, again,  grow in the mid-teens in Q1 of FY27 and 
with all our current initiatives, which we'll speak in subsequent slide 
as well, both in online and offline business, we believe that the 
structural growth rate will remain elevated in the subsequent 
quarters as well. It’s not just a one-off phenomenon is what we 
believe very strongly, given what all we have done as a homework, as 
an input, to our business structurally, both from an online and offline 
business perspective. Overall, India multi-channel business continues 
to be PAT positive for Q1 FY27.  
 
Now moving to international business, the revenue of international 
business grew by 12% year-on-year for Q1. And as we have mentioned 
earlier, we continue to focus on a sustainable growth while reducing 
our adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA for ESOP Cost has reduced by  
22.3% year-on-year basis in Q1 over Q1 - last year.  
 
With respect to GlobalBees, we have delivered a flat-ish growth. 
However, we have demonstrated a very significant improvement in 
growth of adjusted EBITDA by a factor of 308% from Q1 year-on-year 
basis. So overall, a very strong performance from a India multi-
channel view, and a strong growth rate, powered by both online-
offline structural improvement through our initiatives that we have 
undertaken. 
 
International business continue to demonstrate, a sustainable growth 
and very laser sharp focus on improvement of adjusted EBITDA from 
a losses perspective. Objective is to solve for becoming an EBITDA 
neutral business as soon as possible and then GlobalBees continue to 
demonstrate a improvement in adjusted EBITDA. We'll go into a little 
more detail as we go forward.  
 
Overall snapshot,  in terms of some more numerical data points, 
overall consolidated business AUTC grew by 10% to 11.8 million. And 
the GMV grew by 12% to 2,807 crores. Overall revenue from 
operations grew by 13% to 2,106 crores. And consolidated EBITDA- 
adjusted EBITDA grew to 4.24% versus 4.98%. At 289.3 crores, 
consolidated gross margin likewise to 36.5 from 38.5. And cash after 

 
 
 
5 
 
profit to 2.4% to 50.8 crores at a consolidated level for Q1 for the 
business.  
 
Moving further, we'll first focus on India Multi-Channel on the key 
initiatives that we have been sharing with you for the last few 
quarters. The three initiatives have really scaled very nicely. Very 
happy to share updates on all of these three. RocketBees, which is our 
internal faster delivery framework that we had started roughly around 
the start, calendar year start of the last year. And we have been 
updating on every quarter as it expanded. When we spoke last time in 
May for the March quarter, we have since expanded from 62 to 72 
cities. And the overall volume that we are covering today at the end 
of June quarter, as we had promised, we had targeted to take a cover 
around 50% of our total online shipment under RocketBees umbrella.  
Happy to share that we have been able to successfully deliver that 
milestone. And we continue to grow the network and also witnessing 
approx. 20% improvement in turnaround time from delivery 
perspective and growing better growth as well as our customer 
experience in a very tight sort of a, I would say, industry where 
customer experience matters the most. So, this overall delivery 
initiative of RocketBees been very successful. And we will continue to 
grow and work harder towards growing more area under the curve.  
 
Now, on the FC Qwik, while two quarters back, we had just started as 
an experiment last quarter in March ending in May when we shared 
this update with you, we were in five cities and around close to 60,000 
shipments in March. We have now expanded our Qwik from a,  pilot 
to a solidifying sort of a growth strategy. And now we have taken in a 
full-fledged strategy to now 12 cities and delivered 1,25,000 
shipments, almost a growth of 100% - more than 100%  from March 
to June, just in three months alone. So we continue to see great 
customer satisfaction, and we will continue to grow with our 
framework of COCO stores, our infra of dark stores that we have built 
out, especially in some cities and some pincodes and our warehouses. 
All of that collective framework has helped us to grow the Qwik - FC 
Qwik and on a RocketBees sort of platform. And we will, as I said, we 
will continue to grow. We had an overall ambition of growing to 10% 
of our overall shipment onto the FC Qwik platform. So we are - and in 
any specific sort of pin-code that we all will operate, we will aim to 
grow to 20% of our volumes. So we'll continue our journey in that 

 
 
 
6 
 
direction and has really worked out very well. We have well-oiled our 
engine, and we'll continue to improve our assortments, continue to 
improve our overall TAT from three hours to many cities and many 
pin-codes, we have reduced it to two hours. And we will continue to 
work towards it, further reducing it. Yes, of course, not 10 minutes 
and 15 minutes, because we are dealing with a far larger kind of an 
assortment with fashion and overall non-fashion. The breadth of our 
universe in terms of our FC Qwik is far larger and far superior, and 
serves every bit of a requirement that a young mother and a young 
father would look for. So it really is solving the pain from a, new 
generation or the new customer expectations that we are able to 
fulfill for Gen Z parents and millennial parents.  
 
Third initiative that we have been speaking about, it's in full flow now. 
We had talked about that we will realign our product portfolio from a 
width to a depth strategy has really fully scaled out. The impact of this 
was visible, even in last quarter, and it continues in this quarter. It has 
held us to drive footfalls, conversions, both of them, and we continue 
to deliver 15% GMV growth for our offline business in Q1 FY27. 
 
So we have extremely positive/bullish on all the three initiatives. We'll 
continue to scale the first and the second and continue with the 
refinement of the third initiative which is offline to continue to drive 
a new store growth expansion as well in the subsequent quarters 
because we had paused it a little bit to make sure that we align our 
product portfolio, we bring back capital efficiency and then grow from 
there onwards. We have seen that now for two quarters and now we'll 
be expanding as you will see in our subsequent quarters to come,the 
growth rate should remain elevated. So with that, I think I've 
explained all the three initiatives in a as much detail. Of course, any 
more questions will take it at the end. 
 
Moving further, I will ask Vivek to take over the further updates on the 
India multi-channel. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you, Supam.  
 
So, some of the key updates on India multi-channel business. We have 
continued sequential improvement on year-on-year growth in 

 
 
 
7 
 
revenue with the strongest growth that we have demonstrated in 
India multi-channel business in last seven quarters. 
 
Our diapering category continues to witness heightened competitive 
intensity during the quarter. However, the same has started to soften 
a bit in the current ongoing quarter. Our non-diapering portfolio 
contributing to 85% of our GMV remains robust and continues to 
perform really well for us. As so our AUTC growth has been at 10%, 
orders growth is much healthier at 12% and the GMV growth is at 12% 
as well. 
 
We’ll move to the next slide.  
 
So, we have delivered a strong revenue growth of 18% year-on-year 
in Q1. This growth was accompanied by some moderation in gross 
margins on the year-on-year basis, which resulted in EBITDA margin 
being lower on year-on-year basis. 
 
In order to explain the moderation of the gross margin, we will take a 
step back. And I'll take you to Q4, where the gross margin moderated 
by 280 bps, largely because of two reasons. One, competitive intensity 
in diapering category, which constitutes about 15% of our business, 
putting pressure on our margins. Secondly, the impact on gross 
margins in our manufacturing business because of rupee depreciation 
and increase in crude linked raw material prices. 
 
While we recovered 20 basis points of this lost-gross margin in Q1, we 
believe the margin recovery in subsequent quarters will be much 
faster due to the following reasons. One, again, margin moderation, 
which was largely because of competitive intensity in diapering 
category, has started bouncing back. Since we are seeing the 
reduction in competitive intensity in market signals in the ongoing 
quarter. On the loss of margins in manufacturing business, we have 
started passing the increase in crude linked raw material prices in 
manufacturing business to our customers and expect to fully recover 
it by the end of this quarter. 
 
I think we can move to the next slide.  
 
I’ll hand over to Abhinav for the international business updates. 

 
 
 
8 
 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Hi. Good evening everyone. 
 
For the international business in this quarter - Q1 of FY27 we 
continued our focus on a sustainable growth as we've mentioned in 
the previous quarters as well. So, Q1 FY 27 revenue growth was 12% 
year-on-year with more importantly adjusted EBITDA losses reducing 
by 22% in the comparative quarter. As we all know, there are some 
geopolitical disruptions ongoing in the Middle East. However, in our 
Middle East business both the market sustained a healthy growth and 
has a higher potential. More importantly, it reflects on the higher 
potential when their environment is largely stabilized hopefully in the 
near term. So, our AUTC grew by 7%, GMV grew by 9% in comparative 
quarters, FY27 versus FY26. 
 
Next slide, Harsh. 
 
We talk about sustainable growth on the back of expanding margins 
and reducing EBITDA losses. As you can see, we grew 12%, which came 
with also a gross margin expansion in the comparative quarters by 
about 280 bps, which then resulted also in the adjusted EBITDA losses 
by 22% in absolute terms. And in loss terms, as compared to revenue, 
we had an improvement by 320 bps from 10% to 7%. 
 
Harsh, next slide.  
 
As you can see, we've mentioned in, over the last four or five quarter 
calls that we will be continuing to reduce our losses as we move 
forward and sustainably grow the business in the Middle East. FY23 in 
comparison, if you compare FY26 versus FY23 full year, there has been 
a reduction of 1500 bps in our losses. And if you compare the quarterly 
loss, comparative quarters, FY27 versus FY26 Q1, we have a 320 bps 
reduction in losses. Our focus has been on reducing these losses and 
our path to profitability while we grow the top lines sustainably.  
 
Anuj, over to you. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Thanks Abhinav. 
 
Good evening everyone.  

 
 
 
9 
 
 
The update on GlobalBees. So, revenue has been almost flattish for 
the quarter. This is a temporary state and not a long term structural 
change in the business and I’ll explain later, why. Core categories of 
GlobalBees have grown by 2%. The margin profile for core brands 
continued to be strong and we posted a 4.3% adjusted EBITDA margin 
post-corporate expenses.  
 
So, a key factor that affected the growth was a planned transition in 
one of our core brands. It is related to longer term normalization of 
business operations and involved the shifting of the business 
warehouse and inventory. This is a temporary and planned transition 
that should be complete in Q2 and therefore we expect the growth to 
bounce back starting Q3. If I assume that we had done the same 
business for this brand as Q1 of FY25 and take a very nominal growth 
and on top of that add the impact of Flipkart settlement which is about 
2%, the year-on-year growth for this quarter would have been in the 
high teens and that’s why I was saying that this is not a structural 
change in the GlobalBees business. We will very much be back on 
track by Q3. This growth is entirely organic as our last acquisition was 
in September 2022.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Harsh, next slide. 
 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Okay, so, what we've been doing is also focusing on expanding 
margins. So if you see that while there's been a slight drop in our gross 
margins, overall adjusted EBITDA has grown from 1% to 3.9%. And this 
continues to be a strong focus for us as we move forward. The overall 
momentum on the adjusted EBITDA continues year-on-year. We've 
been demonstrating a strong improvement in margin profile and the 
same thing is visible in the quarter to quarter, year-on-year change of 
290 bps. Like I said, we will continue to focus on improving our 
profitability as we go forward. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, this is our fourth business segment, which is the pre-school 
business, both revenue and the EBITDA growth was very strong in Q1, 
a 47% growth in the net revenue from 13 crore rupees to 19 crores 
and a 65% jump in our adjusted EBITDA from 3 crore rupees to 5 crore 
rupees in Q1 FY27.  
 

 
 
 
10 
 
Next slide.  
 
Before I talk about the consolidated numbers, a quick recap on various 
business segment numbers. While there’s an impact on the adjusted 
EBITDA margin, which we talked about,and  explained in detail why 
the margin has hit and going forward, the recovery of margin should 
be much faster.  
 
Happy to mention that we have delivered a very good growth in the 
India multi-channel business. It's best in last seven quarters.  
 
International business, despite of the geopolitical tensions in Middle 
East, we have delivered a 12% growth and a very healthy reduction in 
our EBITDA from 10% to 7%.  
 
GlobalBees, while the revenue growth aaflattish growth in GlobalBees 
businesses is temporary,We have focused on improvement of EBITDA 
margins, which has improved from 1% to 3.9% in Q1, FY27. 
  
And the school segment continues to do very well, a 47% jump in the 
revenue and 26% EBITDA compared to 23% in Q1, FY26.  
 
So, combining these four segments, next slide Harsh, we get these 
consolidated numbers, a 13% growth in revenue, best in last five 
quarters, and a consolidated adjusted EBITDA on a absolute value 
more or less remain same largely because of some impact on EBITDA 
in India multi-channel business. However, we will continue to improve 
this in subsequent quarters. One important thing I would like to 
mention is that while this is the adjusted EBITDA, 4.24% on the net 
revenue, we have increased our EBITDA by almost 80% on a year-on-
year basis in Q1 FY27 compared to Q1 FY26. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
If you adjust for the ESOP Cost 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Yeah, this is after the adjustment of ESOP Cost 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
That’s it 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
 
Okay, thank you team.  
 

 
 
 
11 
 
We can wait for a minute for the queue to be formed and then we can 
start with the Q&A. I request participants to raise their hands for 
asking questions. We will unmute you one by one and you will have 
the access to the mic. Please introduce yourself and the name of the 
organization you represent. The participants are also requested to 
limit their questions to a maximum two. For any follow-up questions, 
you may join the queue again. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
 
Okay. So, the first question is from Jay Laddha. Jay please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
Yeah. Hello. Good evening, sir. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Good Evening, Jay 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Hi Jay. Good Evening 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
Yeah, So the numbers are very much good. And all means like the 
whole business is totally recovered from the few means the past 
losses. 
 
Now, my question is related to the gross margin and manufacturing 
losses. So, basically, you guided that in Q2 FY 27, we will get fully 
normal. But, so, means you haven't mentioned that number 
anywhere. So, means my curiosity is to know that in Q1 how much 
that has been recovered.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So, is your question linked to the India Multi-Channel Business Gross-
margin? Jay. 
 
Mr. Jai Laddha 
 
Yeah, consolidated related, Overall. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So, see, if you see the Middle East business, the Gross-margin, in all 
the fronts except the India Multi-Channel Business has improved. 
Gross-margin for the international business is continuously improving. 
GlobalBees, if we exclude the impact of, the change in the revenue 
recognition done by Flipkart, I think we are more or less, you know, 
similar in terms of gross-margin compared to Q1 FY 26. Gross-margin 
for the school business is also continuously improving. That is evident 
from the improvement in EBITDA.  

 
 
 
12 
 
 
So, now, what remains is the Gross-margin of the India Multi-Channel 
Business, which Vivek talked about that we have recovered around 20 
bps. So, what he has done is - he has taken you to Q4, back to Q4, 
wherein we have lost around 280 bps of gross-margin, out of which 
20 bps of the gross-margin is recovered. The two reasons which 
contributed to this loss of gross-margin was   heightened competitive 
intensity in the diapering category, which has started easing out. It is 
clearly visible and we should see the impact on the Gross-margin in 
Q2. The second reason was the rupee depreciation and the increase 
in the crude linked raw material prices, which we said that, you know, 
we have started passing on those price increase to our customers and 
by end of Q2, I think we should be able to pass on the entire increase 
to the customers. 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
Okay 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
So, on both the fronts, you will see the gross-margin continuously 
increasing or improving. 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
Okay 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
While other factors will continue to help us expand the gross-margin, 
which includes continuous increase in the home brand mix, fashion 
mix, negotiation of marginal third party brands. 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
Yeah, and another question is that international segment means 
break even means like what period should be there and FY27, full year 
guidance means like any updates related on that. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
So, Gautam you want me to take this? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Yeah, please. 
 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
 
So, Jay, on the breakeven point, as far as time lines, we know we 
would not want to avoid a specific quarter that we want to give out. 
However, what I can tell you about, the trajectory. So, if you look at 
the last quarter presentation, there was one of the slides that showed 
you the gross-margin sort of a trend in comparison to India at the 
same similar age of the business. So, we're very much there. Secondly, 

 
 
 
13 
 
as you can see, our input. So, these numbers, EBITDA and the growth 
and the gross-margin expansion are all output numbers.But if you, 
how do they, how do we arrive at that - input is where we need to be 
more. So, the comfort level should be coming from the inputs out of 
the business. And I can say that from an input side of the business, we 
continuously, focus on without deviation on reducing our burn and 
growing the top line. 
 
How do we do this?   
 
One fundamental thing is improving our home brand mix in the top 
line. Second is also curating the brands that are high-gross margin 
brands. Third is acquiring extremely high quality customers at this 
stage in the business who have a lifetime value of our liking. When 
you do these three things and obviously service levels, we 
continuously improve and work upon our service levels in the Middle 
East as well. So, once you do these things, the comfort comes from, 
you see the numbers, EBITDA losses reducing, you see gross margin 
expansion, you see a sort of a early teens to mid-teens sort of a growth 
every quarter where you compare.  
 
So, once we achieve, once we are at a stage where we believe our unit 
economics and our gross margin sort of stack up to allow us to be 
more aggressive and double down on our growth trajectory, which 
then obviously will give us the leverage, for the bottom line, I think 
that is where I wanted to explain how we are approaching the 
business in the Middle East. 
 
Now having said all of this, we all know what's going on. We all know, 
the situation is not ideal, so we speak. But, we have taken as a 
business, we have taken this as an opportunity rather than a 
challenge, a ecosystem challenge. We've taken it as an opportunity 
where we've seen our home brand continuously performing, 
continuous expansion in gross margins and continuous sort of top line 
growth. So, from a comfort standpoint, there are many variables, 
many numbers that should give you a comforting sort of a feel and 
this is for everybody on the call. Comforting feel to where the business 
is heading, putting a timeline, is probably, I would say, very tricky at 
this point in time, but sooner than you think. Let’s go with that. 
 
 

 
 
 
14 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
I think the great testimony is basically, March 25 number was minus 
16%, which has come down to minus 7% in Q1 FY27. So in a span of 
15 months, the losses has reduced by 9%. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
And it will continue to go down as we go along subsequent quarters 
as well. 
 
Mr. Jay Laddha 
 
Yeah, I understand all the things basically the business is totally 
recovering from the past losses and it's good to see that. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
 
Thanks Jay. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
 
Thanks Jay. 
 
So, next question is from Aditya Kumar. Aditya if you can just unmute 
youself. 
 
Mr. Aditya Kumar 
 
Thank you, Good evening everyone. 
 
So, I have two follow-up questions,one on the growth and second in 
the margin. 
 
I will take first on the growth. So, I think it's good to see exceptional 
growth in the multi-channel business in the current quarter, but 
would we be able to see similar type of growth in the upcoming 
quarter. This is my question on the growth and on the margins, when 
will we be able to see and the management believe how we will be 
able to recover the margin which is we lost in the multi-channel 
business. So, this is two questions from my side. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Sure, So, I think on the India multi-channel, your question was about 
India multi-channel, right? 
 
Mr. Aditya Kumar 
 
Yeah 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
So, India multi-channel, I think we demonstrated almost 18% growth, 
the highest in last seven quarters as we mentioned. We believe that 
for the next few quarters, it will remain elevated as well because of 

 
 
 
15 
 
the input that we have been sharing with you that key initiatives, all 
of them are focused towards our online and offline business.  
 
RocketBees has helped us to improve customer experience, improved 
20% of the delivery TAT and now as we have just mentioned that it 
has gone to more than 50% of our total online volumes as a delivery 
framework.  And we have also started reverse as well. So, I think with 
all of that customer experience is bound to improve and thereby that 
is what we had visualized a few quarters back. That is what the 
business was suffering from. We have fixed it. We will continue to 
even improve further. So the growth will remain elevated on that 
front.  
 
Second on the FC Qwik, we have seen the numbers, we just shared 
from 60,000 in March, in 5 cities, now in 12 cities, 125,000 numbers 
in June almost doubling up. And this is and also reducing our time line 
from three hours to a few pin codes and few cities to two hours. And 
our ambition is to even go lower. So with that, the customer 
experience is further improving. 
 
And obviously on the offline side as well, we have demonstrated 15% 
GMV growth of simply because of our assortment - product 
assortment that we talked about from a width to a depth strategy to 
be able to offer products to some lower price point as well without 
really having a material impact on the gross margin, which is what we 
have demonstrated. We have tasted success from  we had planned it 
from an FY26. And we saw the impact of this in Q4  last year, and we 
continue to see the impact in Q1.  
 
With this, now we will double down on opening more stores as well, 
which will further accelerate growth. With all of this and the 
improvement in the product availability itself is something that we 
have worked very hard, which we had also struggled a little bit in 
between because of a lot of geopolitical situations into some of the 
brands and in our footwear category. Some of those also have been 
fixed with all of these improvements, we continue to strongly believe 
that our growth rate will remain elevated in the multi-channel for the 
subsequent quarters for FY27.  
 

 
 
 
16 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And that is evident from, if you see the sequential growth of the 
revenue in the India multi-channel business every quarter from 7.5% 
in Q1 FY 26, we have sequentially improved the growth from 7.5 to 
7.9, 8.9, 11.4 and now almost 18% . 
 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
And on the margin front, I think the explanation is very simply given 
by both Vivek as well as Gautam, I think our 280 bps loss or a drop in 
Q4, we believe we will be recovering it, although there is a recovery 
of 20 bps only in Q1, we believe we will have a much faster recovery. 
We are already seeing a little less competitive intensity than what we 
had seen for the previous two quarters and the lesser competitive 
intensity and this is all happening because of the market dynamics and 
everybody is trying to focus more on the gross margin and bottom 
line. 
 
With that, I think this exactly phenomena happened in 2015-2016 as 
well and the same is happening again. We had mentioned in our last 
quarter as well that it will take four to six quarters to fully sort of 
normalize so we believe that, and which is which we have have just 
started to see in Q2 as we speak in this quarter in both July as well as 
in August, we are seeing a better benign state in terms of competitive 
intensity lesser than what we had experienced in the past, which will 
have an impact, positive impact on the retention of gross margin, 
twingeing back from that 280 Bps or 260 Bps recovery period. 
 
And second on the crude linked as well as the raw material price or 
the rupee depreciation, I think by end of this quarter we will be pretty 
much recovered from that as we pass on to the customer. So, you will 
see the impact positive in Q2, Q3 onwards you will see a full, most 
likely full recovery. So, I think with that the margins will also come 
back, growth will remain elevated. So, we believe we are back to be 
happy in a state where we wanted to be, obviously we will continue 
to strive even superior, even better outcome than what we just talked 
about.  
 
But, I hope that answers. 
 
Mr . Vivek Goel 
 
And just to add on the margin front, actually the remaining 85% of our 
business which is non-diapering will also continue to accrue higher 

 
 
 
17 
 
margins with the levers of increasing fashion contribution and home 
brand contributions. 
 
So, yeah. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
 
Okay, thank you Aditya. 
 
Next question is from Ranodeep Sen. Ranodeep, please unmute 
yourself. 
 
Mr. Ranodeep Sen 
 
Sure, thank you.  
 
Just inquisitive, what is our right to win in the diapering space? Given 
we've been seeing aggressive competition and if we see the overall 
ecosystem, someone walks into an Apollo pharmacy, now Apollo 
essentials have launched their diapers or there are med pluses in 
societies which are of 2000 plus apartments, med plus has launched 
their own diapers. Now, are we in a market which is intensive 
competition which we've been seeing for the last couple of quarters? 
Now, what is the school of thought at the management level to really 
crack this space?  
 
Thank you, that's my first question 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
Sure. Vivek, you want to go on, should I take that? 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
 
So, Supam, I'll go ahead and then you can carry forward from there. 
 
So, see, diapering is a complex category and the consumer retention 
on the product is very critical and that is where it is not easy for any 
brand like Apollo pharmacies or any other private label product to be 
able to have high retention rate because essentially it is being used on 
a baby. So, from that window, the real, I would say, disproportionate 
pricing kind of a strategy happens on the established brands where 
other e-commerce players or quick commerce players try to attract 
consumers with  very very aggressive pricing in for limited period of 
time.  
 
That's what we have seen as Supam was mentioning, it had happened 
during 15-16 period. That's been happening with the aggressive 

 
 
 
18 
 
expansion of quick commerce over the last two-three quarters. We 
have already started seeing a bit of improvement in this quarter on 
the branded side of the diapering category and essentially everything 
else follows that. So, fairly confident that the category itself will 
optimize over the next couple of quarters.  
 
Supam, you want to add on anything on this? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
 
No, I think and, we are also adding our FC  Qwik. If you think of it, 
customers who are very loyal or who would want to, remain in our 
platform because we offer the full destination for babies and kids. So, 
young mothers and young fathers who are not solving for like a 10 
minute or like, Apollo pharmacy or any other, particular brand, most 
of it is available with us. Now we are also solving in two hours and 
three hours through our FC Qwik in 12 cities and we'll continue to 
expand there.  
 
And with that framework, we should be able to, retain those 
customers and get a larger benefit. So, we remain very confident on 
that. When a couple of quarters, this is same playbook that has 
happened in, as I said, 2015-2016. So, it's just going to be coming back 
in a different form because we had to do FC Qwik. At that time, FC 
Qwik did not exist or that customer expectation did not exist. But, now 
we are doing it with the revised or with the new sort of customer 
expectation. And obviously,  we have done fairly well in terms of, I just 
talked about how much we have done in FC Qwik.  
 
With that, we believe that a new on boarding of customers happens 
largely with us because of the FirstCry as a brand, as a ecosystem, as 
a destination, which all young parents or young mothers while they're 
pregnant, they all know about it. So we are their favorite. I mean, that 
sense, sort of destination led, I think we have to deliver that service 
to continue to retain, which we are on that path. We only digress from 
a margin loss perspective from Q3 onwards, but we are starting to see 
some recovery and hopefully we'll see a much faster recovery going 
forward as well. 
 
Mr. Ranodeep Sen 
 
Sure. Noted.  
 

 
 
 
19 
 
My second question was with respect to our fourth business vertical, 
while which is very small and I understand the base effect and hence 
we are seeing aggressive growth. Just wanted to understand what is 
management thinking in terms of making their vertical and is there a 
hope and opportunity of a merger and acquisition that we are 
exploring.  
 
I mean in case in point being the number one player which is Kidzee 
where the group is in Shambles so it's a great opportunity. So are we 
thinking through of building with a model which is like growing at 
100% per year or have we planned acquisition to make this a larger 
vertical?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So look, I think we will continue to grow.  
 
Currently, we have almost 500 plus pre-schools under our umbrella, 
as FirstCry Intellitots and so we will continue to grow for sure rapidly. 
I think the salience is in the framework, in our curriculum framework 
that we have built in the discipline framework of what  we have built 
as technological framework, as well as curriculum framework, and 
execution framework. So, while these three frameworks are already 
in place, we understand the franchisee operations that we have run 
even in our offline business for our stores.  
 
So, we are able to, with our FirstCry brand, which is the largest 
destination for mothers, baby and kids, we understand, we already 
know the kids and the babies and kids for our pre-school business in 
every catchment in the country, pretty much. So, for our natural 
ability to be able to partner with far more number of franchisees and 
business partners in the preschool to continue to grow expansion in 
new and new cities, and within the cities, same cities, in more dense 
areas, that we will continue. 
 
I won't be able to comment on the M&A, it's too early. I don't think 
we are looking at it yet. But, we have a very solid organic growth path 
forward. And we believe over a period of time, we should not be 
looking for less than 1,000 preschools over the next couple of years. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
And Ranodeep, on your point of a lower base. See, structurally, the 
business will always have a lower revenue. It will  never contribute a 

 
 
 
20 
 
significant amount to the overall revenue, because it's a royalty-based 
model right. So if you convert this revenue to the revenue accrued at 
the franchisee, you can multiply by multiple times to get the actual 
revenue being made by franchisees. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, we remain quite bullish on that, is all I would say. And we'll 
continue to grow organically on that business. I think we have still a 
few years before we'll become a very big force on a pre-school side of 
the business. And this strategically fits very well as well, because some 
of the - most of our kids and the parents that are associated and part 
of our preschool sort of framework are power users for FirstCry as well 
from a retail perspective. 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Okay. Thanks, Thanks Ranodeep.  
 
Next question is from Percy Panthaki. Percy if you can just unmute 
yourself.  
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Yeah, am I audible? 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah, Percy 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yes 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Yeah, So just wanted to understand this margins in Q4 for the India 
multi-channel business was about 7.3, now it is 5.7. So, this sequential 
deterioration that we have seen, is it largely because of the crude 
linked inflation? 
  
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, Percy we actually spoke about, if you go back to our Q4 
presentation, you will see a 280 bps drop from year-on-year basis. And 
the two factors that we had articulated were continued. Diapering 
competitive intensity, which started from Q3, which continued in Q4, 
was there in Q1, and now it started to, sort of get moderated and 
become better. 
 
So, the 280 bps was a combination of, you know the impact on our 
margins from a diapering  perspective and the crude linked as well as 
the rupee depreciation part.The first one we talked about, it would 
take 4 to 6 quarters. We have started to see improvement in from this 

 
 
 
21 
 
quarter, Q2 onwards itself, because of slightly better, lesser 
competitive intensity as we all know what is happening outside the 
market in terms of the other players and all focusing on the gross 
margin and bottom line.  Because of,  most of them are getting into 
public market or already in public markets. 
 
Having said this, on the second point, which was, the crude linked and 
the rupee depreciation was largely coming from our manufacturing 
sort of setup, where it takes time to pass on all the input costs to the 
customers. And by end of this quarter, we will completely be able to 
pass on all the increase of these crude linked and rupee depreciation. 
So, you would still continue to see and from Q3 onwards, obviously, it 
will get normalized. So you'll see the impact of that in Q2 as well- not 
I'm saying by end of this quarter, we should be able to do it 
completely. So, with that, a significant part should be able to claw 
back may be from Q3. And then, obviously, the first part will take 
maybe Q4. So, I think that's where we are. 
 
Rest 85% of the business, which is non-diapering, will continue to 
improve gross margins as well. So, with that, we’ll remain what we 
had originally promised. In between this journey, we came across, but 
in long life of a journey of company, we all go through some of these 
surprises. But, I think we are well-focused, well-sharply sort of 
delivering and focused on improving gross margin back to where it 
was, and back to the journey that we have to improve it further from 
there. So we'll recover back this to 280, 20 is recovered to 260 will 
recover back, and then we'll grow back where we had wanted to 
reach.  
 
So, I hope I’ve answered. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Does this mean that second half of the year our year-on-year EBITDA 
margin should at least be equal to previous year for the India multi-
channel business?  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
The 280 bps will further dramatically should reduce.This is what we 
will say. Yes. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Okay 
 

 
 
 
22 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, Percy, the impact of the margin loss because of the competition in 
diapering  category will take some quarters to get back in the business. 
While the margin loss because of the rupee depreciation and the 
crude linked raw material prices will be fully recovered by end of Q2 
so that it will be completely different in full Q3. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
And sorry this 280 basis points which you are talking about is what - is 
it Q127 compared to Q126 is that the 280 basis points you are talking 
about?  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
No, no. So, this is basically the numbers of Q4 versus Q4. Alright. So 
that's the year-on-year comparison of Q4 versus Q4 where we have 
seen gross margins declining by 280 bps. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
So, my question was more on the EBITDA and again only for the India 
multi-channel. So, Q4 is actually 200 bps year-on-year and my 
question was also that Q1 has further deteriorated also from Q4 level. 
So, I think I am asking a slightly different question versus what you are 
addressing.  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So Percy, What we are talking about is basically a year-on-year 
comparison. So if you see the year-on-year, decline in EBITDA Q1 
versus Q1- last year it's a 290 bps decline on the YOY basis, right. 
 
Mr . Percy Panthaki 
Yeah, correct. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Now the bridge of this 290 is, 260 coming from the gross margin 
reduction which we have started seeing from Q4 onwards. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Okay 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So Q4 we have lost a gross margin of 280 bps which came down to 260 
bps in Q1 on a year-on-year comparison, right. The remaining 30 bps 
is basically a factor of, it's a combination of the increase in the logistic 
cost because of our logistic initiatives in RocketBees and FirstCry Qwik 
and a positive recovery of the margins because of the operating 
leverage which we have got in the marketing spend and the fixed cost.  
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
 
Understood 
 

 
 
 
23 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
So, that's 290 bps 
 
Mr. Percy  Panthaki 
Understood. 
 
Mr. Percy  Panthaki 
Secondly, I just wanted to just some accounting hygiene. Your India 
revenue growth is 18% but the GMV growth is 12%. So, what explains 
that? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, as an India multi-channel, it's a combination of our online, offline, 
and other manufacturing. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
See, percy, so this is a combination of these three things and plus if 
you see the GMV, it represents the MRP of the product, right. There 
was a GST 2.0 which got implemented in Q2, right. So, some minor 
impact is because of that also, which led to a reduction in the MRP. 
And that's the reason, you see some difference between the GMV 
growth and the net revenue growth. 
 
Mr. Percy Panthaki 
Understood. Yeah, that's all from me. Thanks and all the best. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you percy 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thanks Percy 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thanks Percy.  
 
So, in the interest of time we'll take the last question. So, the next 
question is from Harsh Gokal Gandhi. Harsh if you can just unmute 
yourself. 
 
Mr. Harsh Gokal Gandhi 
Yeah, I hope I'm audible. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Yeah 
 
Mr. Harsh Gokal Gandhi 
Yeah. Just two questions from my end. Firstly, on the India multi-
channel business, just wanted to understand what's the delta of 
profitability for a diaper business versus a non diaper? Because, given 
that, it's just 15% of our business and yet, impacting gross margin 
significantly. That's my first question. 
 

 
 
 
24 
 
And secondly, just wanted to understand, what's our share in this 
whole diaper category in terms of versus competitors? So yeah, those 
were those were the two questions I had. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So, Harsh, having been in this business for almost now 15 years,  plus,  
diapering is a one of the important categories while solving for what 
we have set out as a mission from a mother's perspective, and young 
parents - father's perspective. So, we took multiple steps in our 
journey earlier to ensure that we will be able to build a profitable 
trade while doing a diapering sort of a business. 
 
In the early years of our business formation, we did have- we had to 
bleed. But, those were very, very early years of our formation or of 
our journey. But, over a period of time, not only we partnered with 
our other partners, other partner brands, we also built our home 
brand, which helped us to retain more customers as well as improve 
our margin profile.  
 
And, we settled that trade, when, some of our horizontals in 2015 
2016 came, that trade was settled after the increased intensity of 
competition and during 15 to 17 period, everyone was happy with 
their share of, diapering as a category, their growth rates, their margin 
that they would want to make. And, so we were. And with that, we 
continued our journey from 2017 to 2024. Absolutely smoothly while 
improving our gross margin, while improving our EBITDA margin as a 
total overall business, because the customer who buys just diapers 
also buys some other products, so we can't lose their customer. And 
it builds a sort of a cohort as well. And as I said, it's an intrinsic part of 
the need of the young parent when the child is from a newborn to 
especially up to two and a half to three years.  
 
Having said this, this is a very recent phenomenon with which more 
players entered into with more capital entered into the fray and led 
to, a more competitive intensity. This we talked about in last two 
quarters, this is transitional, this is absolutely unsustainable. And, as 
we speak this quarter onwards, because of certain things that are 
playing out in the market, I don't have to say it, we all have observed 
it. Some the IPOs getting postponed and some of those events 
happening has helped to get more sanity into the market. And I'm 

 
 
 
25 
 
pretty sure that we,  over a period of next few quarters that this will 
be completely normalized.  
 
With our FC Qwik, we will,  give back some service that our customers 
looking for with our home brands will continue to retain those 
customers with a superior product. And, with all of that combination, 
with our basket size and all of that, I think we will be back in shape as 
what we, how we managed during 15-17 period, we'll manage this 
during this period as well. So, I think this is more of a transitory period, 
nothing structural. And hopefully in next two quarters, you will have 
far more visibility on that, which we'll demonstrate. 
 
Mr. Harsh Gokal Gandhi 
Fair enough sir, and just on my first question on the delta of 
profitability for a diaper segment versus the non diaper, you can just 
help me understand that.  
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
All I can say is look, as we speak, obviously the delta has increased 
between diapering  and non-diapering and, this is not a - it's a very 
common sensical sort of a point, since you're talking about the 
reduction due to diapering. So obviously, the rest of the business is 
delivering healthy sort of margin in fashion. We deliver more than 50% 
of our GMV in fashion. And more than 50% of our business is also in 
home brands. Both of that leads to a fairly healthy margins, delta 
obviously is quite meaningful. 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
But, we don't make losses in diapering business. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Yeah, Because yeah, we don't, I mean, that is not what we do as a 
business. But we believe that the Delta will shrink over the next few 
quarters when the diapering margins also come back from positive 
levels to far more positive levels that we used to have, in early part of 
FY26. 
 
Mr. Harsh  Gokal Gandhi 
Understood, Fair enough. Thanks a lot Supam 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you Harsh 
 

 
 
 
26 
 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thanks Harsh, So we have some more time. We can take up one last 
question. 
 
So, the last question is from Archana Menon.  Archana, if you can just 
unmute yourself. 
 
Ms. Archana Menon 
Thank you so much for the opportunity.  
 
Supam, my first question was in the India multi-channel business on 
the offline side. We have seen the growth improve, but could you help 
us understand a little better as to you know what are the kind of 
changes that have been made and beyond the revenue growth 
number, what are the other KPIs which have been improving that you 
are tracking? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Sure Archana. So look, I think fundamentally when we had visualized 
we were in Q2 of last year, we had  talked about very clearly that we 
were witnessing challenges on customer experiences due to poor 
delivery on the back of third party framework, which was also 
struggling in our own ways and I won't go in that direction of why was 
that happening, but we struggled as a company because our goods 
were from 10 grams to a 30 kilogram toy car. So we are like a mini 
horizontal in that sense and it's very difficult for, to manage and be 
able to deliver the customer experience as what we had expected. 
 
So, given that we took those steps, first step was introduction of our 
own framework, which is RocketBees, which we started somewhere 
in January-March, a period of 26 and then full year - quarter on 
quarter, day on day, literally day on day, we built that framework from 
zero cities to now 72 cities, from zero percent volume of our third 
party or 100 % third party to now RocketBees delivering more than 50 
% of our volumes already. We promised a two quarters back that we 
will deliver 50 % plus by June end. This is what we have delivered. So, 
this is the one KPI that we are able to check on a day on day basis that 
delivery TAT of our customers under the RocketBees framework is 
20% superior and with lesser RTOs and so on so forth. There are many 
benefits of this.  
 
I can't tell you how a young mother and a young father will be elated 
to see their you know goods arrive and the whole family is very happy 

 
 
 
27 
 
and it has an impact on repeat, it has an impact on further cohort of 
those customers, which will reflect over a period of time because 
many customers have experienced this, many customers have yet to 
experience and FC Qwik is a layer on top which we started again 
December last year as a pilot and today as I mentioned we have 
doubled our volumes from March from five cities from 60,000 to 
125,000 in June in 12 cities.  
 
We have seen again very happy faces, great customer experiences, I 
mean and this is what we had experienced in the early part of our 
journey when we had no such challenges on delivery sites. So, these 
are two input areas that we continue to dial down, double down on 
this and then third was offline which we had said middle of last year 
that we will change their product assortment a bit from width to 
depth ensuring we can have some lower price points as well, improve 
our conversions and footfalls which is exactly what happened, very 
strong volume growth that we are able to deliver in our offline 
channel and leading to a 15% GMV sort of a growth both in Q4 as well 
as in Q1.  
 
We believe now our expansion of our new stores will really take off 
which we had kind of more or less paused in, we were conservative 
from a capital efficiency perspective and now we will we have already 
paddled down on that path. So, you will see some of those new store 
growth coming up as well, and so with all of this I think we feel that 
our growth will continue to remain elevated for India multi-channel 
with all the inputs and the KPI that we are tracking is as I just speak 
about the pain points that we were trying to solve and there are many 
more KPI's that we track but I mean I'm just trying to tell you the pain 
points KPI that we are very happy to report literally every day in the 
morning is that KPI flashes on our screen which is which gives us a 
smile,which gives us a challenge to even solve further.  
 
So, we will continue to drive all the two initiatives more and more 
aggressively. We have still a lot of headroom to grow on the first two 
initiatives, third one is fully sort of delivered but now we will do a more 
store expansion and there are more optimization on product 
assortment even in the offline but not from a perspective of width 
through depth but there are more opportunities there as well which 
will solve in the subsequent sort of a quarters. So, we believe very 

 
 
 
28 
 
strongly about the growth you know because of the input variables 
that we have put in. 
 
Ms. Archana Menon 
Thanks for that Supam.  
 
Just two more questions from me. Firstly, if you could share your store 
expansion plans for the coming years. 
 
And secondly, what would be your salience of non-diapering 
consumables? So, personal care or any other consumables and how 
are you looking at competition on that side from QC. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So largely, so the second one, I think we will add close to around 
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
90 to 100 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Around 100 stores  
 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
On a net basis this is net of attritions, if any. 
 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
So we'll be able to add that for this fiscal year. And so, that's the 
answer to the store expansion question.  
 
Obviously, FY28 will be even better because we were waiting for this 
transition to happen that we just spoke about. So we will all do, all of 
this expansion in the remainder of the quarters. But for the full year 
FY28, obviously, it should be even better because we would have had 
no loss of a quarter or a preparation of a quarter. 
 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
On the non-diapering consumables, we continue to grow as per the 
overall business trajectory. There's no challenge in that as well as the 
margins remain healthy there. 
 
Ms. Archana Menon 
But what would be the salience of that part vivek for your India 
revenues? 
 
Mr. Supam Maheswari 
It's around close to 15% of GMV is what we had mentioned even in 
our last quarter and yeah, that's 15%. 
Ms. Archana Menon 
Thank you so much. 

 
 
 
29 
 
Mr. Supam Maheswari 
Yeah, all right. 
Mr. Gautam Sharma 
Thank you. 
Mr. Supam Maheshwari 
Thank you. 
Mr. Vivek Goel 
Thank you 
Mr. Abhinav Sharma 
Thank you very much. 
Mr. Anuj Jain 
Thank you. 
Mr. Harsh Kabra 
Thank you everyone. 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript has been corrected for readability, clarity and accuracy at some 
instances. In case of discrepancy, the audio video recordings uploaded on the stock exchanges 
on 13th August 2026 will prevail. 
