 
 
 
 
Date: 6th August, 2026 
 
To,                                                                                                  
 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543270) 
NSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(NSE Symbol: MTARTECH) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements Regulations,2015) 
Transcript of Earnings call held on 30.07.2026.  
 
Unit:  MTAR Technologies Limited 
ISIN: INE864I01014 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call 
conducted on Thursday, 30th July 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (IST). 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company                      
i.e., www.mtar.in  You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
Priyanka Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above. 
 
PRIYANKA 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PRIYANKA AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, st=Telangana, 
2.5.4.20=309a3df4aaff0641872968c5928f8c
2091624937bfc142e9775c3109c2d4d7dd, 
postalCode=500010, street=WO Akshay 
Agarwal Plot No10 Bajrang Nagar Colony 
Near Water Tank Risala Bazar Bollarum 
Alwal, pseudonym=dcd9c09f-52c2-4825-
ae47-3dd0846a9c30, title=6219, 
serialNumber=58e9c47c672374059c73e6a0
419920e67229ec41531b15abf48c42825bac
1610, o=Personal, cn=PRIYANKA AGARWAL 
Date: 2026.08.06 20:39:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“MTAR Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY ’27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVAS REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
PROMOTER – MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. GUNNESWARA RAO – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SRILEKHA JASTHI – HEAD, STRATEGY AND IR – 
MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
ORIENT CAPITAL, INVESTOR RELATION PARTNERS – 
MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. VIDHI VASA – MUFG 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to MTAR Technologies Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Miss Vidhi Vasa. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Vidhi Vasa:  
Thank you, Atharva. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of MTAR Technologies, I extend a 
very warm welcome to all the participants for Q1 FY27 earnings discussion call. Today on our 
call, we have Mr. Srinivas Reddy, Managing Director and Promoter, Mr. Gunneswara Rao, 
Chief Financial Officer, and Miss Srilekha Jasthi, Head Strategy and IR. I hope everyone had an 
opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that we have uploaded on the 
exchange and on the company's website. 
 
I would like to give a short disclaimer before we begin the call. This call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our belief, opinion, and 
expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and 
involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. Now, I hand over the call to Srinivas sir. Over to you, 
sir. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Hello, good and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to join us today. Today 
on the call, I'm joined by Mr. Gunneswara Rao, Chief Financial Officer, Miss Srilekha Jasthi, 
Head Strategy & Investor Relations, and Orient Capital, our Investor Relation Partners. We have 
uploaded our updated investor deck, press release, and results highlights on the stock exchanges 
and company website. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 
I'm pleased to share that we have delivered another strong quarter, with our quarterly 
performance remaining in line with our growth guidance provided for the current fiscal year. 
We continue to see strong momentum across all our business verticals, supported by favorable 
industry tailwinds and a healthy pipeline of opportunities. 
 
During the quarter, we registered revenue of INR360.7 crores, with an EBITDA margin of 
23.6%, which is in line with our annual guidance. While the financial performance is very 
encouraging, what gives me greater confidence is not just the numbers, but the direction in which 
the company is heading right now. 
 
We strongly believe that the company is at an inflection point, with each of our key business 
verticals positioned for next phase of growth. The sectors in which we operate, be it civil nuclear 
power, aerospace and defense, and clean energy, all are witnessing strong growth across both 
domestic and international markets. 
 
With long-term strategic vision and a strong spirit of innovation, we have built differentiated 
capabilities and niche product portfolio across these strategic sectors, consistently investing in 
technologies and capabilities well ahead of broader market adoption. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Today, as these sectors gain significant momentum, the strength and diversity of our key product 
portfolio are redefining our growth trajectory and creating multiple avenues for sustained long-
term growth. 
 
In civil nuclear power, the capabilities we have built over the past five decades with a lot of 
foresight are translating into meaningful opportunities moving forward. We received our 
highest-ever order inflows in this segment during the last quarter for Kaiga 5 & 6 reactors, and 
looking forward for more orders from refurbishment of existing reactors during the current 
quarter as well. 
 
I'm also pleased to highlight our notable contribution to the fast breeder reactor, which recently 
achieved criticality, a strategically significant milestone for India's nuclear energy program. The 
company has played a pivotal role in this prestigious national program, having supplied a 
majority of the critical assemblies for the reactor, reflecting the depth of our engineering and 
manufacturing capabilities built over decades. 
 
Looking ahead, the proposed development of four nuclear reactors at Mahi Banswara through 
the NTPC-NPCIL partnership represents another significant opportunity for the company. With 
the Government of India targeting 100 gigawatts of nuclear power capacity by 2047, we believe 
the long-term opportunity for the company in this sector is substantial. 
 
From an execution perspective of current orders, we expect to see a very meaningful ramp-up 
during the current fiscal year, with a significant growth happening moving forward as well. We 
already have a strong order book in this segment and supported by healthy pipeline of 
opportunities and regular order inflows expecting going forward as well. We believe civil 
nuclear vertical has transitioned to a more consistent and sustainable growth trajectory with 
substantially reduced cyclicality compared to the past. 
Clean Energy continues to demonstrate a strong momentum. We received record order inflows 
during the quarter, further strengthening our already robust order book and providing strong 
visibility for growth going forward. 
Our capacity augmentation plan for fuel cells being implemented in three phases remains on 
track, with Phase 1 already commissioned, Phase 2 to be commissioned by September-October 
of this year, while Phase 3, which is a  multifold capacity expansion, will be completed in March 
of 2027. 
[inaudible 06:02] being developed for fuel cells is designed to support multiple products under 
one roof, providing us with greater scale and operational efficiency. An important point to 
highlight here is that our expansion is not limited to adding physical capacity. We have initiated 
manpower training and are working on automation initiatives well ahead of capacity coming on 
stream, ensuring that we are operationally prepared to support the expected ramp-up in volumes 
moving forward in the coming years. 
While we continue to cater to multiple areas within Clean Energy, we're also focused on further 
diversity that can become meaningful growth drivers over the long term. In line with this 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
strategy, we have entered the data center infrastructure solutions segment, where we see 
significant growth potential. 
Initial set of data center infrastructure products are currently in progress. Upon successful 
completion of the qualification process, we expect a meaningful ramp-up over the next year. We 
are currently working on the first batch of products against a potential requirement of 8 times 
this requirement for the order what we have received at this stage, providing opportunity for the 
substantial scale-up of this vertical. To support this opportunity, we are also setting up a 
dedicated facility for data center infrastructure solutions. 
We are witnessing a good traction in hydropower and wind energy segments as well, and we 
continue to pursue select products in this segment. Clean Energy will remain a major driver of 
revenues by end of this fiscal year. 
In aerospace and defense, the growth remains encouraging, and we expect significant order 
inflows as multiple programs and customer engagements are in progress. In the domestic defense 
segment, we are anticipating volume orders for actuator assemblies for LCA Tejas Mark-1A, as 
well as orders for wing kits  and electromechanical actuators for various defense programs. With 
overall opportunity potential exceedingly more than INR250 crores, the execution from 
domestic space vertical is expected to witness a steady growth. 
 
Our MNC aerospace business continues to demonstrate phenomenal growth potential, with 
significant demand from existing customers for products that have already been qualified. To 
support the anticipated volume ramp-ups, setting up multiple sub-units within our existing 
dedicated aerospace facility. 
One of our key differentiators has been the pace at which we have established customer-specific 
manufacturing capabilities, including our new dedicated aerospace facility and NADCAP-
approved special processes facility. Our ability to establish these capabilities within a short time 
frame has been appreciated very positively by our customers and reinforces their confidence in 
our ability to support their growing requirements. 
With qualified products moving towards higher volumes, increasing demand from existing 
customers, and multi-year visibility across key programs, we believe aerospace and defense is 
well-positioned to emerge as a significant growth driver for the company. 
While we continue to pursue multiple new inquiries to capture the next leg of growth, our 
immediate focus remains on completing the first article qualification of existing products and 
ramping up volumes. As these programs progress, we will also look to onboard new customers. 
We expect to double our revenues in aerospace and defense segment during the current fiscal 
year, with a significant ramp-up from this base and spread over the next 3 to 4 years. 
Importantly, this growth outlook is largely driven by our existing programs and product 
portfolio, with further upside potential as new inquiries currently under discussion materialize 
and additional products are added to our portfolio. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
The Oil & Gas  facility will be operational by this October. We have already delivered the first 
articles to our customers, while the first articles  components for another customer are currently 
under progress. 
As discussed in the last earnings call, we expect a robust closing order book of INR5,000 crores 
by end of this fiscal year, providing a strong revenue visibility. Our closing order book by end 
of this quarter already stands at INR5,143 crores, and we have received additional INR800 crores 
of orders today. With further order inflows expected across all key sectors over the coming 
quarters, we remain confident in sustaining the growth momentum going forward. 
While we have a robust 5-year roadmap to pursue growth across all sectors, execution remains 
our key focus in the near term. Our ongoing expansions across all verticals remain a top priority 
as we continue to build the capacity required to support the next phase of growth. 
At the same time, as we pursue the long-term strategic opportunities ahead of us, prioritization 
of projects and prudent allocation of capital will remain equally important for us. We'll continue 
to focus on maintaining healthy working capital, strengthening operating cash flows, and 
maintaining a healthy balance sheet while ensuring that capital is deployed towards opportunities 
that can deliver sustainable growth and improve our revenues . 
Timely execution as per customer requirement is another important area of focus. We continue 
to strengthen our management and technical teams, enhance operational efficiencies, and build 
the manufacturing capabilities required to deliver on our growing order book and meet our 
execution targets. Improving EBITDA margins also remains a key priority as we scale our 
revenues. 
With the progress we are seeing across all key verticals and the initiatives underway to 
strengthen our capacity and execution, I would like to reiterate our confidence in achieving the 
guidance given earlier at 80% revenue growth for the current fiscal year with an EBITDA margin 
of 24% plus-minus 100 basis points, and we are pretty confident to do better than the guidance 
given earlier to everyone. 
We remain focused on building a world-class institution with a diversified and sustainable 
business for the long term. I would like to thank all our shareholders for their continued trust 
and confidence in the company. 
Now, our CFO, Mr. Gunneswara Rao, will discuss in detail on the financial performance for Q1 
FY27. Thank you. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Thank you, sir, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the earnings call. 
We have recorded highest-ever revenue of INR360 crores in Q1 FY27, registering a strong 
growth compared to the corresponding period last year and also last quarter. Overall, the 
company witnessed healthy growth on both YoY and QoQ basis, driven by the strong execution 
of various products. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
I would now like to provide an update on our consolidated financial performance for this quarter 
compared to the previous year first quarter. So, revenue from the operation is at INR360.7 crores 
in Q1 FY27 as against INR156.6 crores in Q1 FY26, which resulted 130.4% increase in revenue. 
EBITDA reported at INR85.1 crores in Q1 FY27 as compared to INR28.4 crores in Q1 FY26, 
and this has translated to 199.7% increase compared to the last year first quarter. 
Profit before tax stands at INR67.4 crores in Q1 FY27 as against INR14.8 crores in Q1 FY26, 
which is 355% increase. Profit after tax was at INR50.2 crores in Q1 FY27 as against INR10.8 
crores in Q1 FY26, which is 364.5% increase compared to the last year first quarter. 
So, while we expect strong growth across all sectors in which the company operates, the 
company also focusing on the customer diversification strategy, increasing wallet share from the 
existing customers, as informed by our MD. 
Along with this growth, the company will continue to focus maintain healthy cash flows from 
operations, making careful capital investment decisions, managing working capital efficiently 
to support sustainable long-term growth. 
When it comes to the working capital days, we have achieved 59 days compared to the 172 days 
during the FY26 entire year, supported by various initiatives undertaken by the company, 
including better commercial terms with the customers, and also monitoring each element of the 
working capital on daily, weekly basis. 
So, we were able to reach to 59 days, whereas our guidance given in this year is 175 days we 
have given a guidance, whereas we achieved 59 days. By end of the year, we were expecting to 
maintain 100 days as compared to the previous  guidance of 150 to 175 days in that range. 
Gross margins we achieved as 45.61% in this quarter, as compared to the last year 47.65%. This 
is due to revenue mix, which is happened in this year, and we are continuously monitoring the 
improvement of the gross margins wherever possible. 
Then EBITDA margins are at INR85.1 crores in this quarter, which is actually 23.54% we 
achieved as against yearly guidance of 24% we have given, and last quarter EBITDA margins 
was at 20.11%, and this is due to operating leverage we achieved through the higher revenues 
and also monitoring of the costs. 
ROCE at 17.2% versus 11.4%, and we expected to reach 23% next year. Our PAT is at INR50.22 
crores for this quarter, which is 13.92% as against 6.9% in Q1 FY26, and last quarter also we 
achieved good set of the PAT numbers because our revenues are growing multifold from now 
onwards because of the strong order book what we have, and also whatever sectors we were 
doing first articles last 2-3 years, it is now in the production ramp-up stage, and customers were 
increasing the orders in this sector, first articles whatever we completed, we are getting at least 
10 to 15 times of the volumes in the aerospace sector. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
And cash flow from operations is at INR247.69 crores in this quarter as against INR191.66 
crores in the last year. This is mainly due to the various initiatives undertaken by the company, 
including working capital and other areas, better commercial terms with customer. 
And other important metric, we are seeing our debt is at INR423.6 crores as of 30th June 2026. 
So, we have an investment of INR379 crores as of this month, and like July end, we have INR379 
crores of the investments are there. So, literally, there is no debt in the company except some 
INR20 crores -30 crores after adjusting the cash balances whatever we have. 
And as explained by our MD, we are in a phase of the expansion of the various verticals in the 
company, and this requires almost INR500 crores of capex for this year and also next year put 
together, this capex required for the existing expansion plans whatever we have undertaken. 
 thank you, everyone, for joining this call, and we appreciate your time and for your trust and 
confidence reposed on the company. Thank you very much. You can take up the question and 
answers now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. Good morning, sir, and congratulations on a very good quarter. My first question is, sir, 
can you help us with the tentative execution timelines for the order which were announced today, 
which is 31 billion? Is it everything of this will get executed in FY28 and FY29 and nothing 
would be executed in FY27? Is that a fair expectation? 
Srinivas Reddy:  
Yes, I mean, the orders what we received today, the execution timeline is for next year. I mean, 
the demand is lot more, and it all depends on how soon we can implement our expansion plan 
and then take it forward. So, the sooner we do, and the requirement is obviously for next financial 
year, but we have to see how soon we can implement our expansion plan and ramp-up plan for 
next year, which we are targeting that, and let's see how it goes. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. My second question is, sir, do you expect separate package for nuclear power 
plant of Mahi Banswara for fuel machining system where we can participate directly or are you 
expecting to participate through the EPC vendors? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, that is through EPC vendors. So, we are qualified for number of projects as you have seen 
in Kaiga 5 & 6. So, we expect a good opportunity from this. Kaiga 5 & 6 is two reactors, and 
these are four reactors. And MTAR's participation in this project will be much higher than what 
we can expect from Kaiga 5 & 6 as well. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Oh, understood, sir. That's helpful. My last question, sir, can you help with the execution 
timelines for the existing nuclear order for Kaiga 5 & 6 and how big is the refurbishment order 
which you're expecting in this quarter? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the refurbishment orders overall would be about around 200-plus crores that we need to do 
for various reactors. We're expecting another INR130 crores-INR140 crores of orders coming 
in in this quarter. And then, obviously, we have a lot on our plate in terms of the maximum 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
orders, which will be around close to INR800 crores in nuclear division itself, which never 
happened in the history of this company in the past. 
And plus, the kind of order pipeline that we can see moving forward as well with the new projects 
coming in and the government's plan to move into much higher gigawatt range, we expect this 
momentum to continue over the years, and there will not be any cyclical issues as compared in 
the past, earlier I'm talking about 5-10 years back, but we would see the momentum going 
forward as well. 
Mohit Kumar: 
And the execution timelines for the existing order, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, for the refurbishment reactors, it is within 2 years. And for Kaiga 5 & 6, the execution 
timelines range from 1 year to 3 years, 3, 3 and a half years. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Congratulations for good set of 
numbers. Sir, on the working capital side, we have seen a significant improvement in terms of 
inventory days also reduced from 208 to 145. Receivables also reduced 140 to 82. Just want to 
understand, this dramatic reduction in days is very much impressive. 
So, like how do you understand in this financial year as well as next year? And given it's a 
diverse project portfolio, some of them are long-cycle, some of them are short-cycle. So, what 
are the specific initiatives drive this improvement, and how do you understand in the coming 
years? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yes, I'll take up this question. So, we have negotiated better terms with some of our customers 
as far as commercial terms is consideration. And also, our receivable days are good compared 
to the last quarter. We were able to negotiate some better terms. One is a commercial term, also 
the credit period we negotiated. Some of the credit terms are after reaching the customer 
premises. 
So, we were able to deliver at a faster pace so that we can able to receive the money. And having 
said that, our target is for this year is around 100 days we are targeting to reach that, including 
keeping consideration of all long-cycle projects into consideration. Apart from this, we also are 
monitoring every element of the working capital like current assets, we are targeting  to generate 
GST refund of almost INR70 crores per year . So, so that cash flows will be better, cash flow 
from operations better and all. 
We wanted to sustain these levels constantly negotiating better terms with the both existing 
customers and also from the new customer. So, that's how we can able to do. Everything is done 
it organically, and there is a possibility of doing inorganically also, but we don't want to do at 
the cost of margins. So, the inorganically also we can reduce, but it will be the costlier. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
We don't want to affect the margins in the company. As long as it is margins are better and 
everything is good, then only we can take any of the actions, but whatever we have done is 
organically we are able to reduce now. I hope I clarified your question. 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sir. Sir, my last question, sir, I think we have an order book of nearly INR5,100-plus crores, 
and today morning around INR3,100 crores. So, I think if you're having if you want to execute 
more order book, obviously, we need to have kind of facilities and equipment. 
Earlier, you guided a capex. Is there any reiteration in that capex, especially for Clean Energy 
side? And if you could like give the update of oil and gas and Clean Energy Phase 2 for the 
capex perspective, and how much capex we have incurred in Q1, sir? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
See, total INR80 crores capex is capitalized, but it is not spent in this quarter. It is actually in the 
form of capital work-in-progress, and it became capitalized now. For quarter 1, we might have 
spent around INR30 crores -INR35 crores only capex, but overall INR80 crores which is 
capitalized. But earlier, it was in Capital WIP line item. It's a part of fixed assets only.   
When it comes to INR5,000 crores order book, what you mentioned, today we have given an 
incremental, we received that INR3,200 crores. It is not a full order, already communicated 
earlier, the incremental order is INR800 crores. So, it is 5,100 plus INR800-plus crores is a total 
order book as of today. 
When it comes to the capex plans, as we said earlier in our call, is actually around INR500 crores 
we have to incur to take the company into the next level. Next year guidance we are not giving 
officially as of today, but we are seeing at least 4-5 times of asset turnover whatever we do, 
minimum 4 to 5 times of asset turnover we are targeting. 
And if you look at our debt is today around INR20 crores -INR25 crores only, after adjusting 
the investments what we have in the company. So, we are very strong as far as a balance sheet 
is concerned and working capital also into consideration, total across all sectors, we are going 
to spend around INR500 crores, but everything will not spend in this year. 
It will be spill over to next 1 to 2 quarters of the next financial year. As communicated by our 
MD, there are Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 3 targets are there, for which we need to spend money to 
increase the asset turnover ratio at least 6 times whatever we spend in the form of capex. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Nagori from Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Continuing the last participant's question, given that you are seeing 
a very strong demand for the in the fuel cell segment, are you planning the capacity expansion 
beyond the 20,000 hot boxes capacity that's already guided? That's question number one. 
And secondly, if you can elaborate a little bit more on this new product revenue which has gone 
to almost INR100 crores, almost 50% of the Clean Energy segment revenue run rate? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah. So, basically, Gaurav, as I mentioned earlier, we are going to Phase 2 is an expansion 
[inaudible 29:28] should be ready by September-October for fuel cells, and Phase 3 is going to 
be a mutifold expansion plan. I can't specify the numbers because of the NDA being signed, but 
it's going to be a multifold expansion plan, which will be ready by March of 2027, in all 
probability. 
So, there will be a ramp-up, which is being organized, training program is being done right away 
to gear up to these. One is the capacity and one is the ramp-up plan, so both are being addressed. 
So, it's going to be a massive multifold expansion plan, which is in place because of a very strong 
demand as you have seen that even today order inflows on a consistent basis. And moving 
forward as well, we see a very strong roadmap in all these sectors moving forward. And what 
was the second question, Gaurav? 
Gaurav Nagori: 
Yeah, so on this first question only, so when you say March '27 timeline, is it the commissioning 
by March '27 or you would be starting from March '27, if you can just clarify on that one, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It's going to be commissioning by March '27, the multifold expansion plan, and then we move 
on to the ramp-up plan afterwards from April onwards. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
Understood. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
But we'll have Phase 2 will be operational by October of this year. Because we've already 
completed our Phase 1 expansion plan in all aspects. It's done already. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
All right. So, the capex for this year would be upgraded because of this new phase expansion 
from October to March '27? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, that's right. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
All right. The second question was on the new product, which has seen a sharp growth in this 
quarter. In fact, the run rate now is almost 50% of your the fuel cell segment revenue run rate. 
So, is it just one-off deliveries or this would be the run rate continuing from here on, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, it's going to continue. It's going to continue to grow. Actually, we are going into a We've 
got a major demand in this product division, and it's going to continue to grow more than what 
it has grown in Q1. Second half would be even stronger than the first half in all these segments 
that we are talking about, including the product division. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
And this new product segment, I'm assuming, is the product which goes into this fuel cell 
assembly only, other than the hot box? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, not necessarily. We have the other products as well. We are doing extremely well in ball 
screws where we have lot of export orders as well, and we are seeing a major contract with one 
of the MNCs to supply ball screws for them for the aerospace division. So, lot of work has been 
done over the past couple of years to get qualified for all this, and now you're seeing those results 
moving forward. It's a combination of everything. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Gaurav Nagori: 
Understood. Just last question again on the working capital where we've seen receivables kind 
of coming down from 140 to 80. Our understanding is that most of this high receivable days is 
because of the transit time that you have, and then the recovery from the client is having about 
40-45 days of working capital days. So, if I understood it correctly, this entire decline is because 
of a better credit terms once the product is delivered at the client site or any other reason? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, it's all about better payment terms, credit terms, and various other aspects, right? So, that's 
what it is. Yeah, Gunneswara want to add something. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
we also actually got negotiated better terms with other customers also, and weekly monitoring 
is in place and so various actions, not only that. Everything culminated into this reduction. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
Understood. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, the end of the day, Gaurav, the idea is to bring down working capital days would be like -- 
we'll be sustaining it, we are at 59-60 days right now, but we'll be below 100 days for the year, 
so that's what the CFO has mentioned earlier. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
Okay. I mean, the way to look at is the receivables inventory days which used to be about 340 
days, which is now down to about 220, so you're saying that both the receivable plus inventory 
days would sustain around 200-220 days, and the working capital at 100 days? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yeah, that's what our target is, let us see. 
Gaurav Nagori: 
All right. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yeah, hi. My question is, our key client has increased their revenue guidance by 10% to 15%. 
So, assuming that, can we say whatever the guidance we have given 80% plus-minus 5% there 
is a higher possibility to upgrade this in the coming quarter? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Sumant, it's like this. I've already said that in my earnings call speech that definitely we have 
given a certain guidance, which we are very confident of, and we'll definitely do better than that. 
So, probably that's what I would say right now. Probably we'll see by end of next quarter how it 
goes and then we'll come back to you on that. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. And for this civil nuclear power segment, our order book execution is still is not picking. 
So, when can we expect this execution is going to happen, which year? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
In this year, Sumant. Second half of this year, the execution will commence, and it will continue 
to grow from there on. That's why I clearly said that we are doing certain long-cycle projects 
right now, and the executions will start from second half of this year, and it will continue to grow 
from there on. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay. So, this order book is for how many years, the current order book of nuclear power? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Overall, it's for 3, 3 and a half years. Some of the orders are within 2 years. Overall, we have to 
execute everything, we have roughly around INR800 crores, let's say, including the one which 
we are supposed to get where we are declared L1. We are supposed to execute all this within the 
next 3 years. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
So, as of today, we have INR684 crores of orders, and what we are expecting is INR130 crores, 
so with that, it is around INR815 crores, that was mentioned by our MD around INR800 crores 
in the last question also. So, that is we are going to, I think we are very confident we'll get in this 
quarter. 
Sumanth Kumar: 
Okay. Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Hi, sir. Good morning. Just quickly on the capex side. So, you have guided for INR500 crores 
of capex for next couple of years. Out of this, sir, how much will be for non-clean energy 
segments out of this INR500 crores? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
So, it will be I think I answered that, right? 70-30 ratio, but it will be in the 70-30%. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
So, 30% is for non-clean energy segments, right? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yes, yes. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, so around INR150 crores. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Even within the clean energy also, some parts can be fungible in other sectors also, so which we 
will use for other sectors also. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right, sir. And, sir, out of this INR500 crores, how much you have already incurred in Q1? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
We incurred around INR35 crores of capex in the Q1. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
INR35 crores, right? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yes.  
Vipraw Srivastava: 
And, sir, okay, that's great, sir. And, secondly, on the data center side, where we are obviously, 
you know, working on first approvals and then will be ramping up. So, exactly what will be 
doing and firstly, and secondly, sir, what's the current size of the order we are working on as far 
as data centers are concerned? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, data centers, order is about INR45 crores, which we have to execute, which we have to do 
it before March of this year. Right now, the way we're doing the first article right now, that's 
initial first article, which are couple of 2-3 assemblies, and then we go into the major first set of 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
order, which is about INR45 crores, which we have to execute by March of this year, or 
February-March of this year, that's last quarter of this financial year. 
And the way we are setting up the whole plan is that they have up to eight such major 
infrastructure requirements, eight sets, year-on-year basis. So, that's where we stand. So, the 
focus is basically to ensure that we have a dedicated facility for that moving forward to execute 
that eight sets requirement each year onwards. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
And, sir, it's for export, right? It's not for domestic consumption? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, all this is for export. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
All this is for export. Thanks, thanks a lot, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Viraj Parekh from Carnelian Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Parekh: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. My question, firstly, is on the nuclear segment of 
ours. You mentioned in the earlier questions that -- and also on your PPT that there are four 
projects that Mahi Banswara where we'll be bidding. Is it possible for you to address the TAM 
and the kind of opportunity we can get in terms of revenue from these four projects which we'll 
be bidding for over the next 3, 4, 5 years as and when they open? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, basically, today's situation is the tenders have already been floated for these four projects, 
four 700-megawatt reactors. And once they are allotted to the contractor who is getting it, then 
MTAR has an opportunity of much more than what we received from Kaiga 5 & 6, because 
Kaiga 5 & 6 is only two reactors, these are four reactors. And the timeline, I cannot really say, 
probably it's a process by itself, right? They finalize the tenders and then, so it's a 1-year process, 
I guess. So, we're already having our plate full in terms of orders, so probably these orders might 
come in in the next financial year. 
Viraj Parekh: 
Okay. And, sir, the other question is, you have a specific slide on role in India's PFBR program 
and the company's also contributed for this program. So, can you just help us understand that 
what can be the opportunity size here for us? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the PFBR program was a very long program for us, which we have actually contributed 
massively for that in terms of the core of the reactors in various major assemblies, which we 
have done exclusively for IGCAR and Bhavini projects, that's PFBR.(41:23) So, now, since it's 
achieved the criticality, now, they're looking at setting up -- I think what we've heard is they're 
going to set up another couple of more reactors, which they've started sending the details to us. 
So, the opportunity is very big in that. So, let's see, as and when we have more information on 
that, we'll update all of you on that. But there is a great opportunity coming forward for that, 
since they've achieved the criticality right now. 
Viraj Parekh: 
So, in nuclear, how we work with EPC contractors, here we are directly working with EPC 
contractors or with the government? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, this is directly with the government. For PFBR, it's directly with the government. 
Viraj Parekh: 
So, if you have to, like, understand the pace of the nuclear or the PFBR program, either of them 
scaling up faster, we would, not in terms of revenue, but in terms of the timelines of things 
happening faster, PFBR would come ahead of nuclear? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I'm not too sure about that. See, PFBR will definitely come forward because they've achieved 
criticality and it's a great achievement by the Government of India to do that. We have 
contributed a lot for that. It's kind of part of our nuclear cycle to use the thorium resources that 
we have. All this is for civil generation, power requirements, right? So, obviously, the next step 
is taking right now in terms of moving forward with the next, so let's see how soon they come 
up with that. 
Viraj Parekh: 
Understood. And, sir, this is the last question. I think the previous participant asked upon it, the 
products and other sectors where we are supplying certain components which are import 
substitutes and we also have certain export orders here. Is it possible to elaborate if certain end 
usage and the products what we are making which are critical and also the end usage of these 
industries, it mainly comes from the point of view of understanding the sustainability of this 
vertical for our business, given that it's scaled up so significantly in Q1? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah, so the sustainability, it's going to sustain and even do better moving forward. So, it's a 
combination of aerospace, defense, clean energy, it's a combination of all those products that we 
have developed over the years, and it's going to sustain and do better, actually, quarter-on-quarter 
basis. That's what we are looking at there. 
Viraj Parekh: 
So, like in aerospace, once we get our first articles approved, is there the similar nature of this 
business that we are getting certain first articles approved and then winning long-term orders? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That's exactly what I have said. See, as the CFO also mentioned earlier, see, basically, what you 
have seen, we have done a lot of work in the last couple of years in order to establish the first 
articles, the infrastructure, getting qualified for aerospace, and getting the right customers, and 
our quality getting approved very well by all these customers. So, we've already moved into the 
volume production for majority of the first articles, and some are in the process. So, it's an 
ongoing process. So, what you're seeing the numbers right now is an effort of which was done 
over the last 1.5, 2 years. 
Viraj Parekh: 
Understood. Thank you so much, sir. All the very best. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jenish Karia from Union Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Jenish Karia: 
Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity, and congratulations on a very good set of numbers. So, 
considering the INR5,500 crores of order book that we have currently, and a very strong outlook 
on all our segments, incrementally, our revenue will also multifold grow in the coming years. 
The INR500 crores of capex and the incremental working capital requirement, how do we plan 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
to fund it? Will it be debt-funded, internal accruals-funded, or will we require some external 
capital to fund it? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, it'll be a combination of internal funding and debt. That's what it is. 
Jenish Karia: 
Understood, sir. So, the second question is on the US data center side, so considering we have a 
large customer there, any on-ground news that you're hearing from interaction with your 
customers with regards to delay in the incremental capacity or capex which is being spent on the 
US data centers? Any delays or slippages you expect in the near term or the medium term? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, all this is unwanted noise. I really want to express this very clearly. You have seen how we 
have progressed as far as MTAR is concerned and how we are moving forward and the kind of 
orders we are receiving even recently as well. So, things are moving in the right direction. 
Absolutely, there is no issue at all. 
Jenish Karia: 
Perfect, sir. That's good to hear. Thank you for addressing the questions, and all the best for the 
future. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Axis Max Life. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Yeah. Thank you for this opportunity. My first question is more to do at a very, you know, 
longer-term picture perspective. We are given to understand Bloom Fremont capacity, they're 
looking to expand it all the way to 5 gigawatt. That could technically mean something like 
77,000-odd hot boxes as such. 
Even if you exclude the Taiwanese player, the capacity for you, it will probably be they will be 
asking you to do more than 60,000 hot boxes per year as such. Will you be in a position to do 
that? And even some picture beyond that, probably they may have to increase their capacity as 
well, given the kind of requirement you have for behind-the-meter solutions globally for all this 
data centers as such. 
What is the outlook over there? I understand there is some NDA and maybe you don't want to 
disclose many things, but you could probably give some, you know, qualitative indicators as 
such. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, Inaudible :48:25I have already stated earlier in Phase 3 is a  multifold expansion, which is 
a multifold  expansion of the customer, and I regard I can't get into the numbers because of the 
NDA signed, but that's the whole plan, right, to take care of the customer requirements. That's 
all I can say right now. So, we are on track with everything that what the customer needs. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Got it. Got it. My second question will be more about the content per platform in defense. What 
exactly are you offering in Tejas, what will be that value per platform for say let's assume for 
one aircraft, similarly on the content per platform in content per reactor for say nuclear? If you 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
could give us some numbers to understand how big is the opportunity here and how much you 
can incrementally make an inroad. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, as I mentioned earlier, in defense for Tejas, we are qualified into the actuator program, 
which is about INR140 crores to INR150 crores. It's going to go in further than that. That's not 
the only area. We are working on very niche areas in defense, which we don't discuss in detail. 
So, we are working on various projects, including various projects in defense as well. 
So, we are working on number of projects which are we find there is a lot of value add and the 
criticality involved in those projects. So, these numbers are going to grow for sure. And, for 
nuclear, our basket, our wallet share is extremely high in terms of these reactors, given by NPCIL 
and the Department of Atomic Energy. 
50:27 In audible We have a 60% to 70% share of orders for these reactors, isn't it, right? So, we 
are looking at 4 to 6 reactors coming in, so there is a massive plan by the Government of India 
also moving forward to really ramp up this nuclear energy program, and we keep talking about 
clean energy, but we are really pushing ourselves to expand our capabilities beyond for the 
requirements that we're seeing, foreseeing in a huge way in the nuclear program, and MTAR is 
really working towards that in terms of executing these commitments, which are going to come 
in a big way over the next 2-3 years. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Understood, sir. Appreciate it. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Piyush Sevaldasani from Sundaram 
Alternates. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: 
Sir, hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity, and congrats for a great set of results. Sir, my first 
question is on the interest cost of INR16 crores. If you could help us with the bifurcation of how 
much of that is non-fund based limit and given the free up in the working capital, how should 
we see the interest cost going forward? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
On the interest cost, basically, I can -- I don't have the exact break-up of that, but probably CFO 
or Srilekha can give it a little later to you, but it's a combination of everything, and probably it 
would we're trying to reduce our interest cost also moving forward further. So, it would come 
down moving forward on a quarter-on-quarter basis, I guess. I think CFO would agree to that. 
Piyush Sevaldasani: 
Sure. Sir, just last question on this products and others division, I think we were trying to increase 
our TAM with our largest client where we were trying to get into the enclosures and cable 
harness. Any other new products which we are trying to expand our opportunity with them? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah, we are definitely doing We're getting qualified for additional assemblies as well. So, as 
and when it is done, we'll intimate accordingly. We're doing that in products division as well as 
in clean energy. What I want to say is, this is the whole entire focus is the innovation. We keep 
working on developing new products on a consistent basis, and you will see the result 6 months 
1 year down the line in terms of volumes and all that. That's our focus right now. So, that's a 
continuous process in MTAR. It's not one product.(Inaudible 52:00) 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Piyush Sevaldasani: 
Okay, sure. Thank you, sir. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from PhillipCapital. 
Please go ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Sure, sir. Thanks for allowing me to ask one more question. So, quickly on the product side 
where we have obviously seen a very rapid run-up in the context of this quarter's revenue. So, 
specifically, sir, going ahead, what kind of programs you're working on, I mean, what kind of 
ramp-up you see as far as product is concerned over next couple of years? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the product division is going to grow rapidly because we have done a lot of work in terms 
of aerospace, clean energy, and various other sectors, and you are seeing the result now in this 
quarter, and you'll see more moving forward as well. As I've said earlier in my presentation, 
basically, it's a continuous process for MTAR to develop the products, to cater to the existing 
customers and new customers as well, in various sectors. 
So, it's a combination of different segments that we are working on in the product division, which 
we have done over the last couple of years, and you're seeing the results right now. And moving 
forward as well, this segment is going to grow more and more. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Sure, sir, that makes a lot of sense. That's all from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, from your backlog, if you could tell us what is the execution cycle of the products backlog 
and the clean fuel clean energy fuel cell backlog? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, that's a very good question. So, we have the order where the demand is so high. See, when 
people are keep asking about, sorry, sorry, I'm sorry. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Your sound is Sorry, your sound is not audible, sorry. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, I think I'm audible to everyone. I don't know, something Can you hear me now? 
Gunneswara Rao:: 
We can hear you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir, there's quite disturbance in your voice. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah, can you hear me now? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Okay. See, we have enough order where the demand is so high that we really focused on. The 
more we execute, the better it is for the customer, so that's what we are doing right now. That's 
why we're going with the expansion plans, and also focusing on the operational efficiencies of 
the existing capacities. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
So, the best part of our order book, it's not like an order book which has to be executed over 5 
years or 10 years, it's all short cycle. Some are within 1 year, some are within 6 months, some 
are within 2 months, some are within 1 and a half 2 years. So, it is something that continuous 
order book is going to happen. It's not an order book which is spread over that. (In 
audible:56:27)So, short cycle products, most of them, majority of them, and our focus right now 
is to execute them as fast as possible. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So, I was asking on the execution cycle for the clean fuel cell order backlog, is that possible to 
share? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Can you hear me now? 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Okay. So, basically, the see, what orders you're seeing right now is that we need to execute them 
over this year and the next year, and the sooner we do, we are all looking at the execution cycle 
and implementation of the capacities. And these are all short cycle orders. It's not that we're 
trying to execute this over the next 3 years, 4 years, it's all very short cycle orders which we need 
to execute as soon as possible. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And, sir, in the total gigawatt issuance of your key customer, what will be the indicative 
market share that we'll have? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, there's nothing like market share. We right now, see, the demand is so high right now in 
terms of the requirements by the customer, so we hold a majority of the share in that, but we 
can't spell out the exact percentage right now. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And the last question is on the products business, there is a substantial number this quarter, 
and on the aerospace and defense business, if I had to ask you 3-4 years down the line, what 
should be the size of these businesses? So, these businesses have been around INR100-crores 
size, INR130 crores annual size. If I had to ask you in FY30 based on whatever work efforts that 
you've put in and the platforms or the projects that you're working on, what kind of business 
sizes these should be 3-4 years down the line? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I can't say the exact number, but the kind of roadmap we have, it might cross INR1,000 crores 
very comfortably. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Both these combined? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, I'm talking about the products business. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Individually INR1,000 crores? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, no, aerospace, probably, you're looking at INR600 crores, INR700 crores, and products 
should cross more than INR1,000 crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Products will be INR1,000 crores and aerospace INR600-INR700 crores. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
July 30, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That's right. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time, that was our last question, and I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing remarks. Thank you, and over to you. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us today and spending your time to join our earnings call for 
Q1 FY27. I would like to thank all every all the employees of MTAR for the contribution they 
have done, and even moving forward as well, and I would like to also thank the shareholders for 
their trust and faith in MTAR, and continue to support the company moving forward as well. 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
