 
 
August 13, 2026 
To
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
SYMBOL: ELLEN 
To
 
BSE Limited 
New Trading Ring, 2nd Floor, Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
SCRIP CODE: 544421 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with Analysts / Investors pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026 - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith is the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference call with Analysts / Investors held on Monday, August 10, 2026, post declaration of the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The same has also been disseminated on the website of the Company at https://ellenbarrie.com/investors/ 
 
We request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Limited 
 
 
 
Aditya Keshri 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A73390 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADITYA 
KESHRI
Digitally signed by 
ADITYA KESHRI 
Date: 2026.08.13 
14:23:51 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Padam Kumar Agarwala - Chairman and Managing Director 
Mr. Varun Agarwal - Joint Managing Director 
Mr. K Srinivas Prasad - Chief Financial Officer  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ms. Vinita Pandya (Raadhi Capital) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Q1 FY27 earnings conference 
call of Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Limited, hosted by Raadhi Capital. As a reminder, 
all attendees will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. If you have any questions, please feel 
free to press the raise hand button. We'll call on you in turn and unmute your line so 
you can speak.  
Important note, if you need to ask a question, please ensure Microsoft Teams has 
permission to access your microphone when you log in. Otherwise, you will not be 
able to unmute. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Kindly also note 
that audio of the earnings call is a corporate material of Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases 
Limited. It cannot be copied, rebroadcasted, or attributed in the PR media without 
specific written consent of the company.  
Please note that anything said on this call that reflects the outlook towards the future, 
which can be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be reviewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A copy of the disclosure is available 
on the investor relations section of the website, as well as on the stock exchanges. To 
give you an in-depth understanding of the company and answer all your queries, we 
have from the management side today, Mr. Padam Kumar Agarwala, Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Varun Agarwal, Joint Managing Director, and Mr. K. Srinivas 
Prasad, Chief Financial Officer. I now hand over the conference to Mr. Padam sir, for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Mr. Padam Kumar Agarwala (Chairman and Managing Director):  
Yeah. Thank you. 
Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us today for Ellenbarrie Industrial Gas Limited's 
Q1 FY27 earnings call. 
We are happy to begin the new financial year on a positive note. The first quarter has 
been encouraging and more importantly, it gives confidence that the business is 
moving in the right direction. 
At a broader level, the operating environment for industrial gases in India remains 
positive. The long-term opportunity continues to be supported by India's manufacturing 
growth, infrastructure build-out, higher steel production, expansion in chemicals and 
pharmaceuticals, and the gradual increase in demand from healthcare, engineering, 
defence and emerging industrial applications.  
Industrial gases are an essential input for many of these sectors. As the Indian 
economy becomes more manufacturing-led and as customers focus more on 
reliability, quality, and efficiency, the role of specialized gas suppliers becomes more 
important. This is a positive structural trend for the industry. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
That said, the macroeconomic environment continues to require caution. While India 
remains one of the strongest growth markets globally, businesses are still operating in 
a world of geopolitical uncertainty. Input costs, volatility, energy price movement, 
currency fluctuations, and uneven demand conditions across end user industries. 
For a business like ours, energy costs remain one of the most important variables. 
Power is a key input in our manufacturing process and therefore cost efficiency and 
plant productivity are central to how we manage the business. 
Over the past few quarters, we have focused on improving operating efficiency, 
strengthening our asset base, and building a more resilient platform for future growth. 
Our approach, therefore, is to remain disciplined. We are not looking at growth only in 
terms of adding capacity. We are focused on building the right capacity in the right 
markets with the right customer base and with a clear view on returns. This is why our 
strategy continues to be built around a balanced mix of on-site and merchant plants, 
deeper customer relationships, stronger distribution range, and disciplined capital 
allocations. For FY27, our priorities are clear. We will continue to ramp up recently 
commissioned plants, bring new capacities into operation in a phased manner, 
improve utilization, protect margins, and strengthen our position across key industrial 
clusters. We will also continue to evaluate opportunities in higher value-added gases 
and newer applications where everybody's technical and operating capabilities can 
create long-term value. 
We believe Ellenbarrie is well placed to benefit from the structural growth of the Indian 
industrial gases market. At the same time, we continue to manage the business 
prudently with a focus on cost, discipline, balance sheet strength, customer service, 
and sustainable growth. 
We'd like to thank our employees, customers, suppliers and service providers, 
shareholders, and the board for their continued support. I will now hand over to Varun, 
who will take you through the quarterly performance, key business updates, and our 
priorities for the rest of the year. Thank you. 
Mr. Varun Agarwal (Joint Managing Director):  
Thank you for the opening remarks and good afternoon, everyone. I'll take you through 
our Q1 FY27 performance, the key operational updates during the quarter and our 
priorities for the rest of the financial year. 
So, Q1 FY27 was a strong quarter for Ellenbarrie across revenue, EBITDA, and PAT. 
Revenue from operations stood at 987 million compared to 836 million in Q1 of FY26 
and 874 million in Q4 of FY26. This represents a growth of 18% on a year-on-year 
basis and 13% sequentially. 
The growth was driven primarily by the ongoing ramp up of our Kurnool and Uluberia 
2 plants. Both plants are progressing well, and we continue to focus on improving their 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
capacity utilization through FY27. EBITDA stood at 387 million compared to 318 million 
in Q1 of FY26 and 258 million in Q4 of FY26. This represents a growth of 21% on a 
year-on-year basis and 50% sequentially. 
On the margin front, the EBITDA margin stood at 39% compared to 38% in Q1 of FY26 
and 30% in Q4 of FY26. The improvement in EBITDA was supported primarily by 
higher operating efficiency of our new plant, disciplined cost control, higher production, 
and some benefit from higher argon production and pricing. 
Profit after tax stood at 350 million compared to 187 million in Q1 of FY26 and 229 
million in Q4 of FY26. This represents a growth of 87% on a year-on-year basis and 
53% sequentially. The improvement in PAT was further supported by lower finance 
cost and lower effective tax rate besides the stronger operating performance. 
Coming to the core gases business, the revenue from gases and related products and 
services stood at 973 million in Q1 of FY27. This was up 20% on a year-on-year basis 
and 13% sequentially. The growth was primarily driven by higher volumes from the 
ramp up of our merchant plants. Segment margin in the core gases business stood at 
38% for this quarter. 
Margins remained healthy, supported by higher volumes, cost efficiencies across the 
P&L, and a benefit from argon volumes and pricing. 
Oxygen and nitrogen prices remain stable and largely are contractual in nature over 
the long term. Argon prices continue to recover with a modest sequential increase, 
although they are still below the levels seen in H1 of FY26. 
Power remains a key cost for the business, and we continue to manage it through 
more energy efficient plants, higher production levels, and disciplined cost 
rationalization. 
Employee costs and other operating expenses were also kept well under control 
during the quarter, supporting our broader focus on cost discipline, operating leverage, 
and margin protection. 
Now let me cover the key operational updates. First, the ramp up at Kurnool and 
Uluberia 2 is progressing well. These plants are expected to be key growth drivers in 
FY27. Our immediate focus is to improve utilization, deepen customer access, and 
strengthen distribution around these assets. Second. The new on-site plant in East 
India is being commissioned. This plant has a capacity of 320 tons per day and is 
expected to contribute revenue from Q2 of FY27. 
For the full year of FY27, our focus is on execution, utilization, and margin discipline. 
We expect the coming quarters to get the benefit of better utilization of our Uluberia 2 
merchant plants and contribution from the East India 320 TPD on-site plant. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Our capex guidance remains at 2,500 million or 250 crores for FY27 and 2,000 million 
or 200 crores for FY28. We will continue to invest in growth opportunities where we 
see strong customer visibility, attractive returns, and long-term strategic value. 
We will also continue to move ahead with our planned merchant capacity additions in 
North India and in West Central India. These projects are important because they 
deepen our presence across key industrial clusters and support our ambition of 
building a broader pan India platform. 
Margin protection will remain an important area of focus. We will continue to benefit 
from newer energy efficient plants, higher production levels, cost rationalization, and 
some savings from renewable energy. We will stay disciplined on cost management 
across the business. 
Overall, we enter the rest of FY27 with good momentum. The core gases business is 
performing well. Our recently commissioned plants are scaling up. And the East India 
on-site plant is moving into operations. And our capacity expansion roadmap remains 
on track. 
Our focus will be to convert this momentum into sustained growth, stronger utilization, 
and healthy profitability throughout the year. With that, we can open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We will now open the call for questions. Kindly raise your hand to ask a 
question. We will unmute your line. Please announce your name and your 
organization's name before you ask a question. And as a reminder, we request all the 
participants to restrict themselves to two questions and come back in the queue. We'll 
wait for few moments for the question queue to assemble. 
The first question is from Vatsal Bhandari. Vatsal, please unmute your line and go 
ahead. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
So, just wanted to understand two questions from my side that since we are setting up 
this 220 TPD North India plant, how much capacity is actually backed by identified or 
contracted demand before commissioning? Or are we going to first set it up and then 
find customers? The idea is, given that we have a lot of competition and all in these 
other regions, how are we thinking about this sir?  
Varun Agarwal  
So, you know, typically for a merchant plant, we assume capacity utilization ramp up 
over a period of 18 to 24 months. Typically, again, you know, merchant plants are not 
backed by advance contracting of the capacity. So generally, you know, the way we 
see it is that we survey the micro market and the surrounding areas where we see 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
good amount of potential, where we see there's a gap in the demand supply balance, 
and, you know, significant new industries coming up, consumer industries coming up 
for us. And then based on that, we decide on a location. The actual business building 
up and contracting only starts, you know, maybe 1/4 or maybe 3-4 months before the 
plant actually gets commissioned. And hence, we need a ramp up period for the 
capacity to get to that, you know, 80 to 90% capacity utilization, which we feel is the 
sweet spot. 
So, to answer your question in a nutshell, there are no contracts which are tied up in 
advance, but we have a sense of our target customers in that region. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
So, just to understand, would you generally as a new entrant enter into a new market, 
then give a lower price or something like that compared to a competition? How to make 
an entry because given there is a limit, all these plants, the competitor plants would 
already be there, and they will be servicing some amount of the market already. So, is 
that a strategy we plan to deploy? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, you know, there are two pieces here. There is 1 market which is already existent 
and which is being catered to by a particular supplier. And then the other is the growth 
in the market, right? Because these markets are also growing. So, you know, the 
growth piece of it is kind of greenfield demand, which, you know, given that we have 
a capacity coming up, we would stand as good of a chance as anyone else to capture 
that demand for existing customer base. Again, you know, customers here depend a 
lot on, let's say, supply chain strength, etc. So, you know, for customers where we are 
located, you know, close to their factories, there we would automatically have a cost 
advantage. So those would be the primary customers that we would target to begin 
with, combined with the new industries which will come up in those areas. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
Got it. And the second question is regarding Argon. So how do you guys see Argon 
pricing? Because I guess it's very dynamic and it keeps going up and down and that 
has an impact on your margins. So how is the company looking at margins from Argon 
going forward? Because you are obviously at 39, 30, 38 percent. So, I think a lot of 
this is to do with the Argon pricing, sir, the margin differential fluctuation? 
Varun Agarwal  
No, so I think in Q4 of the last year, we had certain one-off items which impacted our 
margin negatively. But you're right in the sense that yes, Argon pricing does move 
around. But I think it's important to understand that structurally, this is a very robust 
market. And, you know, if you look at long term, let's say, you know, 10-year average 
pricing, etc, argon prices have continued to trend upwards. There have been spikes in 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
between. You know whenever there's a spike and you compare it again to the, with 
the next quarter or the next year, then compared to that spike, it seems like the pricing 
has gone down. But if we look at a longer-term trend, actually, the pricing has 
continued to remain on an upward trajectory. And, you know, it's important to 
understand what are the growth drivers of argon, which is a lot of the specialty steels, 
specialty manufacturing, higher value-added manufacturing, etc, which continues to 
grow in India. So, you know, in that sense, the trajectory of argon demand continues 
to be upward sloping.  
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
Yes, and so, would you say 38 or 39% would be a fair guidance? I mean, but just a 
fair way to think of this business going forward, like is that obviously you can have 
some quarters which may be better or some quarters lower due to one-off. 
Varun Agarwal  
Yeah, I think, no, absolutely. I think we have in the past also mentioned that, you know, 
we expect this business to stabilize at 40% or higher EBITDA margins. And, you know, 
so last quarter, of course, we did 39%. So, we are very close to that 40% number. And 
as capacity expansion kind of unfolds, we would expect to see EBITDA margin 
numbers of 40% or higher. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
Got it. Thank you, sir. I'll come back in the line. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you, Vatsal. Next question is from Bhavika Singhvi. Bhavika, please unmute 
your line and go ahead. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. So, sir, as you like rightly mentioned that the argon 
prices have been increasing and as you said that the oxygen and nitrogen prices 
haven't changed much and you are guiding 40% EBITDA margin. So, can you explain 
to me how you will be able because right now, what I see is that the major, like the 
Argon prices have been like leading this 39% of the quarter margin, so how can you 
say that it's like consistent or is it because, can you give me the mix, like if even though 
the Argon prices go down, will be able to achieve the 40% margin and what would be 
the reason behind it, if you can explain that to me?  
Varun Agarwal  
Sure, sure, sure. I got your question Bhavika, so, basically, look. While Argon pricing 
can move from quarter to quarter, I think you know it's important to understand that 
the longer-term demand supply balance is in favor of the manufacturers. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
That's one. I think, you know, quarter on quarter, of course, if there is a significant 
move in Argon pricing, that will have an impact on our EBITDA margins. And, you 
know, I think when we talk of 40% margins, I think that's more on a sort of a longer-
term margin, target margin that we have, rather than sort of being able to guarantee 
that every quarter we'll achieve that. Because yes, if there is a significant reduction in 
argon prices, that will impact the margin for that particular quarter. 
However, long term, as I said, we don't expect that Argon prices will correct to the point 
that it would keep our margins suppressed for a longer period of time. The growth in 
our EBITDA margins, however, has not been primarily on account of Argon pricing. 
That has had a very limited impact this quarter. I think the major improvement in 
EBITDA and margins has been the bringing online our new capacity, which is more 
power efficient. And as we add capacity, all our newer capacity tends to be much more 
efficient compared to the legacy capacity. It also tends to have a higher, I mean, a 
better product mix in terms of Argon production. You know, so all of this actually leads 
to better EBITDA margins. And last quarter, again, the margins were primarily driven 
by increase in revenues combined with the strong cost control. So, it's just, you know, 
strong operational performance rather than a price movement driven margin 
expansion. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Yeah, understood your point. And the second question is, as you have announced like 
450 cr round of capex, like 250 in this 27 and 200 by 28. So, can you highlight which 
capacity this capex is going to come? 
Because as per my understanding, the capacities which you have announced in prior 
calls have already been live, like this East India and the other, I think, the North India 
one. So can you give me the idea, like for which particular plant or for which capacity 
we are doing this of 450 capex. 
Varun Agarwal  
So this amount is towards 2 merchant plants, one in North India and one in sort of 
West Central India. So, the North India capacity is not operational. Only the East India 
capacity is operational. So, this entire 450, I mean, whatever residual amount that 
there is of this 450 crore will be towards these two merchant plants. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Can you tell me the capacity of the West plant? Have we already started construction 
of that particular site or is it just in the plan and we are going to do at like end of H2? 
Varun Agarwal  
No, we have started the construction, and these plants would together be of 
approximately 450 to 500 tons per day cumulatively across the two plants. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Okay, got it. And what's the utilization? As you say, as in, the first question which you 
have answered. So, like what is the utilization currently we are doing in the bulk side? 
And also on the on-site? Can you share? 
Varun Agarwal  
So currently, our legacy plants are fully utilized. The recently commissioned plant, 
which was commissioned in Q4 of the last financial year, there we have some spare 
capacity available. But apart from that, more or less, all our capacity is utilized. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Thank you, that's all, from my end.  
Moderator 
Thank you. We have few questions on e-mail. I'll take those. “Despite the ongoing 
capacity expansion and ramp up of newer facilities, costs have remained well 
controlled. So, what have been the key drivers of this cost discipline? Can you speak 
about how you are looking at these costs going forward? 
Varun Agarwal  
So I think for us, look, the major cost is power. And, you know, there are two ways in 
which we keep our power cost under control and power cost basically as a proportion 
to the revenue. 
One is that, you know, as I mentioned, that the newer capacities that are coming up 
and which have recently been commissioned, they are much more efficient in the 
sense that they consume less amount of power, for every unit of gas that they produce. 
And so that directly improves our operational efficiencies. The second way we can 
reduce our power expenditure is by reducing the cost per unit of power. And to that 
end, you know, we've been signing, we've already signed one long-term PPA, 
renewable energy PPA. We are actively buying power from exchange and scouting for 
other long-term PPAs for the rest of our units. So, I think, renewables will really give 
us a tailwind when it comes to keeping our power costs in check. So, I think, besides 
power, the other cost items, they're sort of, fairly standard in terms of annual increase, 
things like employee costs and other expenses. I think as a business if we can keep 
our power cost in control. I think that's going to be the key focus for us. 
Moderator 
Thank you. Thank you for that. Next question is from Jay Pawar from Nuvama PCG 
Group. Jay, please unmute your line and go ahead. 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Jay Pawar (Nuvama PCG) 
Yeah, congratulations on the great set of numbers. So, I just wanted to understand the 
pricing of Argon, if you could explain to me because if I'm right, in Q2 and Q3 FY26 
the prices were lowest. So since then, in percentage wise, how much have the prices 
improved? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, we don't want to sort of give a specific number, but I can give you the sort of short-
term trend. So, in Q3 of last year, you're absolutely right, the pricing was significantly 
low compared to today. In fact, Q2 of last year was quite high. There was quite a large 
spike in Q2 of last year. But if we compare, if we take the Q3 as the low point of last 
year, we've seen argon prices recover in the second half of Q4 and further in Q1. But 
the prices as they stand today are still lower than the first half of FY26.  
Now, I think it's important to also, keep reiterating that the longer-term trend for Argon 
prices continues to remain positive, right? So, these short-term spikes or reduction in 
pricing they are exactly, as I call them, short term and longer-term trend continue to 
be positive. And, the reason is very structural. I think Argon is produced as a byproduct 
of oxygen production, and you cannot just set up a plant only to produce argon. So, 
supply growth, therefore, is linked to the oxygen capacity growth. However, on the 
other hand, on the demand side, argon demand has been very robust because it has 
applications across steel, fabrication, even in the new generation of solar cell 
manufacturing, etc. And any kind of high-end manufacturing typically would use argon. 
So, you know, structurally, that demand-supply balance remains that way. So, I would 
encourage you to sort of look at Argon pricing and the longer-term trend. For us also, 
as a company, just to kind of reduce this impact of volatility in terms of Argon pricing, 
impacting our results, we've also been tied up incrementally more and more argan 
capacity into longer term contracts, which will tend to have a much more stable 
outcome for us and not be dependent on the regular fluctuation in Argon pricing. 
Jay Pawar (Nuvama PCG) 
So, the current prices are lower than the long-term average prices of Argon, if that's 
what you are explaining, is it right? 
Varun Agarwal  
No, no. What I would say is that the long term, if you take a sort of a long-term trend 
line, it is positive. Current prices are following that trend line. And, you know, there are 
times when the prices spike up significantly above that trend line. And then there are 
times when prices correct significantly below. I would say today's pricing is sort of in 
the middle. They are, I would say, decent. They are healthy. But they are not having a 
significant positive or negative impact on our margin compared to the longer-term 
trend. It's sort of somewhere in the middle at the moment. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Jay Pawar (Nuvama PCG) 
Okay. 
Padam Kumar Agarwala  
To put it in the proper perspective, I would say that the current prices are quite above 
the 200-day DMA. 
Jay Pawar (Nuvama PCG) 
Okay, thank you. And one more question about the West merchant plant. Is it going to 
be solely for ESG purposes or is it ESG plant as well? 
Varun Agarwal  
No, this is an ASU merchant plant. So essentially, we'll be producing liquefied gases 
from this plant. Liquid oxygen, nitrogen, and argon. 
Jay Pawar (Nuvama PCG) 
Okay, and for ESG gases, is there going to be any setup like a transfer plant or 
something like a warehouse where you will debulk it and transport it? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, we do have a plan. Strategically, it makes a lot of sense for us to provide ESG as 
well, because, some of our customers would be buying those gases as well as our air 
separation gases. So, you know, strategically it is a fit for us. We are evaluating it for 
our Western site, but we have not sort of confirmed anything at this moment. 
Jay Pawar (Nuvama PCG) 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's all for me. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from, follow up question is from Vatsal Bhandari. 
Vatsal, please go ahead and unmute your line. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
We keep hearing in the news that all these solar players are continuously putting up 
solar cell plants as well as, getting electronic assets from outside India, where I think 
we see news announcements of Linde and Inox Air products and all winning. Just 
wanted to understand, sir, if we decide to enter this business of solar cell electronic 
gases, what is the EBITDA margins and profile of this business versus the merchant 
or on-site business? 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Varun Agarwal  
So, look, I think a lot of the electronic gases will continue to be, imported and then sort 
of debugged, warehoused and supplied, right? So, in that sense, the margin profile 
would definitely, if we look at the EBITDA margin, it would, in my view, be lower than 
what we can achieve from, let's say, an ASU where we are manufacturing and 
supplying because that becomes sort of more of a trading business with limited value 
addition as opposed to an ASU where it's 100% of manufacturing. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
Got it, sir. And so, would there be any investment on this then, the trading business, 
or like, do you need to get containers and everything, or everything is bought out from 
the importer itself. 
Varun Agarwal  
No, no, there is investment in terms of, like, containers, to import and also containers 
to supply to the customers, debulking setup, warehousing setup. A lot of these gases 
tend to be quite toxic. So, there's heavy investment in terms of health and safety as 
well. So, there is investment, but, probably not as high as and for any ASU.  
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
Got it. And so, what would be the payback for a merchant ASU, sir? Like, how do you 
all usually think of it like a payback period for like these 220 TPDs or something that 
are setting up? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, we typically, we don't want to sort of discuss at the plant level economics, but, for 
the company as a whole. But, you know, just to broadly answer your question, I think 
the way to see it is, we take about 18 months to build out the plant, and then about 18 
to 24 months to ramp up the plant. And then, post that, probably kind of a three-year 
payback. So, 18 months plus 18 months plus three years is typically. 
Vatsal Bhandari (Singularity AMC) 
Thank you. Got it. So, three years of stable. OK, got it. Plus, so about five years 
excluding the building. Got it, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. The next question is from Arpit Jain. Arpit, please unmute your line and go 
ahead. Arpit. 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Arpit Jain (Wallfort Financial Services) 
Yeah, hi. So, my first question is, as we are expanding both our onsite capacities and 
bulk capacities, how do we look at a targeted revenue split between the two in the long 
run? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, Arpit, I think this is a little tricky question to answer and I'll tell you why. Because 
the merchant capacity is kind of fully in our hands in the sense that, we can decide 
where to set up, what capacity to set up. 
Whereas on-site capacity tends to be more like contract driven. So, once we get a 
particular contract, then we set up the capacity for that contract and then that capacity 
gets fully utilized by that one customer. I think what, I mean, that's why it's hard for me 
to give a particular number, but what I would say is that, you know, we want balanced 
growth across both these categories. In order to have a sort of steady year-on-year 
growth, we need to keep expanding our merchant capacity. And then as and when we 
get on-site contracts, we will obviously execute those. What I can tell you is that, as I 
said, we look at capacity growth in a balanced way. So, it's not that we favor one over 
the other. Currently, I think on-site versus bulk, if you look at our latest investor 
presentation in Q1, you know, onsite was about 14 crores and bulk was 70 crores, 
which is about, onsite being about 20% in terms of revenue. 
But in terms of capacity, onsite is significantly higher than 20%. So, I think, the goal 
will be to try and grow both in a balanced way. 
Arpit Jain (Wallfort Financial Services) 
Okay, thank you, sir. And so, one more question, if I may add. So, regarding our 
capacities, so the max capacity that we have is a 600 TPD plant, right? So, I was 
thinking, if you're looking for a higher capacity plant, if we have any plans on the 
CAPEX side towards higher capacity plants, for example, like over 1000 TPD or 1100 
TPD. I mean, if we have any plans in the pipeline? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, you know, plants which are of that capacity are always on-site plants. You don't 
have merchant plants which are of that capacity. So, it goes back to my earlier point 
that that is again customer driven. 
If we get a contract, which is, let's say, of 1000 tons capacity, we will be happy to 
execute it. I can tell you that we are actively working on inquiries, which are above 600 
tons, multiple inquiries, which are above 600 tons per day capacity. 
So, in the event that we get any of those, then, obviously we will execute it and that 
will become our largest plant. But the inquiry pipeline remains very strong. 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Arpit Jain (Wallfort Financial Services) 
OK, sir thank you, sir. That's all from my side, all the best, sir. 
Varun Agarwal  
Thank you. 
Moderator 
Thank you. We have a follow up question from Bhavika. Bhavika, please unmute your 
line and you can go ahead. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
So the East India onsite plant, which we are going to be live, like, you know, I think by 
what time it will be live, the East India one. 
Varun Agarwal  
So that plant is under commissioning as we speak. And we expect the revenues to 
come in in Q2, which is the current quarter. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Okay, so if I'm not wrong, this is for the Jay Balaji industry customer, right? 
Varun Agarwal  
Yes. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Yeah, so just want to understand like, are they planning for more such ASUs in this 
FY27 and 28? And are we expecting those to come to us? If you can share on that, 
like what's the situation right now? 
Varun Agarwal  
So, typically, if you are asking whether that particular customer is planning for more 
ASUs, so typically, once a customer puts up an ASU or gives an order to a gas 
company to put up an ASU, it's typically for a longer-term capacity. So, you don't tend 
to get multiple orders from the same customer in one year. But, as I was mentioning 
earlier, the pipeline in terms of the number of inquiries that we are working on is very, 
very robust. So, I can't comment on that particular customer specifically, but broadly 
speaking, there are multiple inquiries for on-site plants, which we are currently working 
on. And as and when we sign anything, we will, of course, notify the exchanges. 
 
 

Ellenbarrie Industrial Gases Ltd | Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 10, 2026  
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Got it. So, all the inquiries which we are talking right now is from the steel manufacturer 
or it's a mix of other industry also. 
Varun Agarwal  
There are other industries also, but steel is the largest share of the in terms of the 
number of inquiries. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Okay, and do we have any plan to go for the, like, because apart from steel industry, 
there are other industries which are emerging and having the need of these industrial 
gases. So, do we, are we currently moving and approaching customers for those 
particular sectors? 
Varun Agarwal  
Yeah, absolutely. So steel is only about a third of our revenue. So, it's still, if you look 
at steel versus non-steel, so steel is one-third and non-steel is two-third. So, while 
steel is, if you look at a single industry, it's the largest but by no means is it the whole 
and soul of our business. 
Bhavika Singhvi (Niveshaay) 
Ok, that's all. Thank you so much. 
Moderator 
Thank you. That was the last question for the day. 
Thank you once again for your time and participation. On behalf of Ellenbarrie 
Industrial Gases Limited, this concludes today's conference. For any questions, please 
feel free to write to us on e-mail IDs mentioned on the invite. We appreciate your 
engagement. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer:  
"This transcript is an edited version of the conference call recording and has been prepared 
for ease of reading and clarity. Certain immaterial corrections, formatting changes and 
corrections of obvious transcription or numerical errors may have been made, without 
changing the overall meaning. Readers are advised to refer to the audio recording and the 
results filed with the stock exchanges for full details, and the company accepts no 
responsibility for any remaining errors or for any decisions taken based on this document.” 
