 
July 27, 2026 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544311 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: IGIL 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call held for the quarter and year ended June 30, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
The Company had intimated, vide its letter dated July 20, 2026, regarding the Earnings Conference Call of 
International Gemological Institute Limited for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. The conference call was 
held on July 23, 2026 and the transcript of the call is hereby enclosed. 
 
This intimation will be made available on the Company’s website at www.igi.org. 
 
This is for your information and record.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
Nitika Dalmia 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
NITIKA 
SUNNY 
NIRMAL
Digitally signed by 
NITIKA SUNNY NIRMAL 
Date: 2026.07.27 
14:49:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“International Gemological Institute Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 23, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. TEHMASP PRINTER – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – INTERNATIONAL 
GEMOLOGICAL INSTITUTE LIMITED 
 
MR. EASHWAR IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
INTERNATIONAL GEMOLOGICAL INSTITUTE LIMITED 
 
MS. NATASHA KEDIA -- HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND PUBLIC RELATIONS – 
INTERNATIONAL GEMOLOGICAL INSTITUTE LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SUMEET KHAITAN – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1, FY27 earnings conference call of 
International Gemological Institute Limited, hosted by MUFG Intime. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumeet Khaitan from MUFG Intime. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Sumeet Khaitan: 
Yes, good evening everyone. I welcome you all to the earnings conference call to discuss Q1 
FY27 results of International Gemological Institute Limited. To discuss the results, we have 
from the management, Mr. Tehmasp Printer, MD and CEO, Mr. Eashwar Iyer, CFO, and Ms. 
Natasha Kedia, Head of Investor Relations and Public Relations. 
They will take you through the results and business performance, post which we'll proceed for 
Q&A session. Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the 
statements made in the today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risk and 
uncertainties. For more details, kindly refer to investor presentation and other filings that can be 
found on the company's website. 
With this, I now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Thank you, Sumeet. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today for 
the IGI's first quarter FY27 earnings call. I trust you have had the opportunity to review our 
financial results and investor presentations, both which are available on the stock exchanges as 
well as our website. We have begun FY27 on a strong note, delivering Q1 revenue growth at 
23% and an EBITDA growth of 29% year-on-year. 
This performance reflects the enduring strength of our core franchise and the disciplined 
execution of our growth strategy. Our momentum this quarter was broad-based, led by LGD 
Loose Stones, LGD Jewelery, and increasingly our by Coloured Stone Gemstones and other 
certification. Demand for LGD certifications remain healthy, supported by incremental growth 
capacity coming online. 
This structural expansion in supply, coupled with the rising consumer acceptance, continues to 
widen the addressable market for independent certification. At the same time, natural diamonds 
remain our strategic priority. We are working to gain market share in natural diamond loose 
stones, winning new customers and growing our share of wallet with existing ones. Consumer 
preference is ever evolving rapidly. Consumers today are increasingly guided by contemporary 
design, everyday utility, self-expression and transparency, trends that are reshaping the jewelery 
industry globally. 
As we have consistently maintained, the rise of the lab-grown diamonds does not dilute the case 
of certification. In fact, it reinforces it in the larger markets where more participants' trust and 
commercial confidence becomes more valuable and not less. We firmly believe that an IGI 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
certificate that makes a lab-grown diamond a diamond. At its core, IGI's value proposition rests 
on two enduring pillars. The first one is trust, which is very important. As an independent third 
party, we verify a stone's origin, its defining characteristics, that is the 4Cs, cut, colour, clarity 
and carat, and increasingly its traceability, provenance, etcetera. 
As consumer and trade place increasing importance on transparency and authenticity, 
independent certification becomes ever more critical. The second value is commercial value. 
Independent certification establishes a standardized objective assessment of a stone's quality, 
enabling efficient price discovery, facilitating trade across the entire value chain, giving 
manufacturers, retailers and consumers alike the confidence to transact. 
As you know, earlier this year, we acquired American Gemological Laboratories, AGL, a leader 
in gemstone certification in the US. The consolidation of AGL is now beginning to contribute 
to our performance and reinforces our position as one of the few scaled global certification 
players spanning natural and lab-grown diamonds, jewelery and now coloured stone gemstones. 
Coloured stones expand our total addressable market and opens a new avenue of growth beyond 
diamonds, with meaningful opportunity to cross-sell and to extend AGL's presence into new 
geographies. 
Alongside the core business, we continue to invest in building the IGI brand and deepening 
consumer awareness and embedding artificial intelligence and machine learning across our 
operations to enhance service qualities, improve turnaround times and drive greater efficiency. 
I'm also pleased to share that we have been strengthening our leadership bench with the addition 
of senior leaders across various functions. 
Most recently, we have Mr. Manu Sharma joining us as the Chief Operating Officer, who brings 
over 20 years of leadership experience in retail luxury and brand management and business 
growth. He has served the group as a Group Vice President at Reliance Brands Limited, where 
he led a premium portfolio of global brands, drove strategic partnerships and headed major 
expansion initiatives. 
In conclusion, we believe IGI is exceptionally well-positioned to capitalize on these 
opportunities and continue delivering sustainable long-term growth given our strong global 
footprint, diversified segment presence, trusted brands and expanding capabilities. With that, I 
now like to invite our CFO, Mr. Eashwar Iyer, to take you through the financial performance for 
the quarter and the year gone by. Thank you. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Thank you, Tehmasp, and thanks everyone for taking the time. It's a pleasure to have you guys 
again on board for our quarterly investor call. As mentioned in the last con-call, I would like to 
highlight that the company has transitioned its financial reporting structure from a calendar year 
to a financial year ending March. I will start with an update for the quarter. I'm talking of the 
consolidated group performance for the quarter. 
Certification revenue for the quarter stood at INR 3,598 million, growing at 23% year-on-year, 
supported by strong volume growth of 17% on a year-on-year basis. This was primarily driven 
by strong revenue growth across all our core segments, namely LGD, which has grown at 25%, 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
LGD Jewellery, which clocked 44%, and Gemstones and other certification growing over 200%, 
the latter reflecting the consolidation of AGL. Total revenue from operations for the quarter 
stood at 3,708 million, registering a growth of 23%. 
During the quarter, ND Loose Stones grew 6% year-on-year and ND Jewelery saw a growth of 
2% year-on-year. The audience will appreciate that the natural diamond vertical is a key strategic 
pillar and we continue to put efforts to gain market share in the ND Loose segment through new 
customer acquisitions and increased share of the wallet from existing customers. Work is 
underway to leverage the strength that IGI has in India, in the Indian domestic market. 
While we continue to focus on this vertical, we remain confident of the full-year trajectory with 
LGD segment continuing to provide the volume impetus. This quarter has also seen a strong 
performance from our subsidiaries. The investments in the US organizations are starting to see 
some traction. We also commenced operations in Italy through our Belgium subsidiary as we 
continue to explore geographical expansion. This combined with strong growth in the 
subsidiaries under the Netherlands holding company has enabled to deliver growth mirroring the 
growth in India. 
The AGL acquisition led to an incremental 3% revenue growth, with the base business delivering 
20% revenue growth for this quarter. Reported volumes stood at 3.56 million reports, compared 
to 3.03 million reports for quarter one ‘26, growing 17%. ASP for the quarter reported at 1,010 
or INR1,010, registering a 5% improvement versus previous year, with AGL consolidation 
giving 3% gains and the base business ASP growing 2%. 
EBITDA reported at INR 2,238 million, reflecting a growth of 29% compared to the previous 
year. The AGL acquisition also contributed an incremental 2% growth to the EBITDA. EBITDA 
margins for the quarter stood at 60.4%, an improvement of 270 basis points year-on-year. The 
sequential decline on EBITDA was largely due to the seasonally strong fourth quarter resulting 
in improved operating leverage in that quarter. 
Therefore, the current quarter's margin is a more representative indicator of the sustainable run 
rate of the business. With the planned investments in brand building, marketing and 
organizational capabilities, the company remains confident of sustaining EBITDA margins for 
financial year 27, with operating leverage expected to support margins as volumes scale. The 
DNA setup, step up is reflective of the incremental capex consistent with volume and business 
scale-up, with finance cost increasing as a result of increased rental payouts on additional office 
spaces that have been taken to support the business requirements. 
The company continues to be debt-free. Consequently, PAT reported at INR 1,657 million, 
growing 31% compared to previous year. PAT margins were at 44.7%, an improvement of 260 
basis points over the previous year. Coming to the India standalone results for the quarter, in 
terms of revenue, certification income for the period stood at INR 2,792 million, growing at 
22%, supported by strong volume growth of 21%. This was primarily driven by strong revenue 
growth across our core segments, be it LGD growing at 30%, LGD Jewellery at 38%, and 
Gemstones which grew at 135%. 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Total revenue from operations for the quarter stood at INR 2,862 million, registering a growth 
of 22%. ASP for the quarter reported at 870 versus 861 for the previous year quarter, as pricing 
continues to be stable. EBITDA reported at INR 1,970 million, reflecting a growth of 15% 
compared to the previous year. EBITDA margins stood at 68.8%. While the EBITDA margins 
are lower versus previous year, the group EBITDA as stated earlier improved 270 basis points. 
The audience will appreciate that as our geographies scale up on retail engagement and influence 
markets to push for IGI certified stones in India, there is a commission payout that is made from 
the India organization to other geographies, which is reflected in the increase in other expenses. 
Additionally, the quarter saw the impact of discretionary brand and marketing spends resultant 
of the IPL sponsorship, which is largely front-loaded, and investments on headcount. 
As the discretionary spends moderate, we expect the EBITDA margins to stabilize in the 70% 
range. Consequently, the strength of one IGI, where the manufacturing of -- manufacturing 
strength of India combined with the retail engagements in the other geographies, has enabled the 
group EBITDA margins to expand versus previous year. Consequently, PAT reported at INR 
1,546 million, growing 12% compared to the previous year. PAT margins stood at 54% for the 
quarter.  
Again, the India standalone margins need to be seen in conjunction with the consolidated results 
in line with the narrative on the EBITDA.  
Overall, we have started 2027 with a very strong first quarter performance. We remain confident 
to deliver the 15% revenue growth and 20% EBITDA growth guidance that we had provided 
earlier. With that, I conclude my remarks and open the floor for any further questions. Thank 
you, everybody. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Harish Advani from Axis Capital. Please proceed. 
Harish Advani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of results. My first question was on 
the comment on the LGD production capacity expanding. So as more growers come in, more 
jewellery retailers come in, how do we see the pricing per report shaping up over the years to 
come? Is there a pressure that with higher volume we may need to forgo some pricing? That 
would be my first question. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
See the -- what happens is the LGD Jewelery as well as LGD Stones is gaining wide increase in 
the consumer demand. So growers look at this growing demand and that is basically because of 
the affordability. The affordability of LGD satisfies the desires of all the different consumers 
who couldn't afford natural, so now they are into the diamond segment and the increase in the 
consumer base of LGD is fast increasing. And that is the reason why growers are increasingly 
increasing their growing capacity and polishing capacity. 
So understand one thing, certification becomes central to LGD stone -- certification, stones, 
diamonds. IGI certificate for lab-grown diamonds makes a lab-grown diamond a diamond. 
Otherwise, without certification, it can be considered just as a piece of glass. So this is the most 
central importance point of IGI certification. So here what we look at is the consumer demand 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
which is fast expanding and we increase our capabilities in certifying huge quantities, larger 
quantities, increasing quantities, and that is where our strength remains. 
So what we have to do is keep pace with the demand and keep on increasingly certify the LG 
stones, diamonds, which come into play. And this is for the confidence building for the 
consumers. So it is basically, certification is an essential part. Whatever is the price, the price 
determines the expansion of the consumer market. But we as a certifying independent certifying 
body, we specify the origin of the diamond and the 4Cs, and that gives consumer confidence. So 
we are in the business of giving consumer confidence and trust to buy a diamond. Harish? 
Moderator: 
Hello? It seems like Harish's line has been disconnected. We'll just move further with the next 
question. We take the next question from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. Please proceed. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes hi, good evening. This is Harit here. So just a few things from my end. One was, you know, 
on AGL, if you could just give us slightly medium to long-term thought process on this business 
given the fact that it's been largely a US business and what are the opportunities here to expand, 
you know, geographically the business from a revenue standpoint, given the fact that it's also, 
you know, very high seems like a very high realization business as well, fairly accretive to the 
international business. So just some colour on this would be great. That's my first question. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
So Harit, our acquisition of AGL is a strategic move towards expanding into the gemstone 
industry. You know, we have always been in the diamond industry, but we are also now making 
inroads into the coloured stone segment. Okay? So AGL is very well recognized and appreciated 
in the US, which is the main buyers for coloured stones. And with the acquisition of AGL, we 
acquired the coloured stone expertise and AGL gets a global platform to go to. 
We are expanded globally, so we will take AGL globally. At the same time, we will increase 
our expertise in coloured gemstones, which we need, and we need something other than 
diamonds also. So today we have a plethora of gemstones within our reach and we have the 
expertise and we plan to expand into the coloured stone segment. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Tehmasp, is there a is there a kind of geographical expansion outside the US thought process 
also, like large markets of gemstones which are not kind of tapped by you yet? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Of course. See what happens is the gemstones is a very regional aspect where, you know, 
gemstones come from Colombia, from Tanzania, from various other places. But the main 
consumer is in the US for the very high-end gemstones. So what we plan to do is extend the 
AGL capabilities as a collection window as well as mobile laboratories functioning, say to start 
with, we would start in Jaipur, you know, and then extend it to other geographies wherever the 
relevance is. 
So we want to bring AGL to the to the global market and expand its expertise across the globe. 
And that is the main intention of our acquisition because we didn't have the coloured stone 
expertise, now we do have the coloured stone expertise and we also have the global reach. So 
we will extend AGL to the global reach. 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Got it. The second question was on the ND loose bit, you know, in the international or 
the international numbers, which is like a consolidated minus standalone, you do see ND loose 
growth for the last three quarters actually now being in double digits at 20%, 17% and 12%. I'm 
just trying to understand, you know, with all these initiatives that we are seeing that you guys 
are doing on the ND loose side that you spoke about, the US business is also doing well. 
Do we see a further acceleration possible in ND loose here, given that it has the multiple impact 
of even on realization? So just some -- because in India you're already strong, so just outside this 
wanted to get a sense on that. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
So Harit, definitely that is our main strategic point that, you know, we want to increase our 
shareholding, share market share in the natural diamonds. India we are already well very well 
covered and we have the highest market share in India. And globally we are fast increasing. All 
the increase that you see is from the global side. In the sense what happens is with the 
certification of lab-grown diamonds, and these are the new consumers who are coming into the 
market, these consumers are getting more and more exposed to IGI certification internationally, 
especially in the US. 
So the consumption of natural diamonds certified by IGI is also on the uptick. You understand? 
So actually lab-grown diamonds is giving a full new consumer base which is fast increasing and 
this consumer base also like to upgrade themselves and then get into natural diamonds and they 
are already exposed to IGI certification. So naturally they will be exposed to, I mean they will 
prefer to have an IGI certified natural diamond. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Last couple of questions. One was, you know, Eashwar, this 15% growth that you are 
expecting, you know, sorry, your guidance for is that 15% plus, is that including the AGL, you 
know, acquisition? And the second question was within that was also could you just explain this 
commission payout in standalone to subsidiaries? I didn't get that exactly. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
So this -- the AGL piece, I think from a guidance standpoint, yes, we can expect an additional 
couple of percentage points contribution coming in from AGL. We're talking of a 15% on the 
base business. So we can probably expect some additional flow through because of the AGL 
acquisition, Harit. 
Harit Kapoor: 
And the commission payout. Yes. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
And to the second point. Yes. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
See Harit, the thing is we have our geographical locations in various in all over the globe. While 
the main certification happens at the manufacturing end, which is India, the demand comes from 
across the globe. Now take for instance our office in US, in New York. They have a dual 
function. One is that they have a full-fledged certification -- I mean laboratory, which can certify 
all the diamonds or gemstones when it comes from the US territory. 
However, the retailer and the chain stores in the US, they have specific demands. So my US 
office works as a marketing office. So they are in touch with the retailer abroad or in for that 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
matter in Europe or in the Middle East wherever, and they give us the information of the 
requirements of that particular chain store. And we certify diamonds according to their needs.  
So obviously the leads have come from these countries and then we while we do all the work 
here, we also give them a commission for bringing these customers to us. So that is the reason 
why we give the commissions to the geographies which have given us information and given us 
leads to certify in India. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. Got it. That's all for me. Thank you. Wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pallavi from Sameeksha. Please proceed. 
Pallavi: 
Thank you for taking my question. Am I audible? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Yes, Pallavi. 
Pallavi: 
Right. So just wanted to understand in terms of you mentioned about the marketing spend for 
IPL. So and that been that being front-loaded. So, you know, how much would that be if you 
could quantify that? And my second question would be in terms of the number of employees, 
you know, I think there's reference to an addition in that number. So what was the addition to 
the number of employees? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
See, we are now getting into our marketing aspects to the consumer. So IPL has been our first 
major endorsement or sponsorship where we have got a lot of viewership. And we actually tied 
up with Gujarat Titans, who was a radical horse, they came up to the finals. But fine, I mean, 
you know, they played a beautiful game and they also promoted IGI on their on their apparel. 
So we gain a lot of traction from them. And we're continuing to do such modest marketing 
activity to the consumer. 
Most of our activities in the past have been B2B from business-to-business, you know, but now 
we are also looking into the consumer sector. The employee increase, see what happens is, you 
know, with the expanding number of certification that we need to do, we need to hire skilled or 
technical personnel in our evaluation model and of course in the process department. So what 
happens is we cannot increase the turnaround time. We have to shorten the turnaround time. We 
have to give a good service. 
And that is the reason why we had to increase we have to increase the staff strength, plus we are 
also making inroads into AI and machine learning. You know, so all our data is also being fed 
into an AI model and machine learning is happening. So we're trying to optimize the workforce 
that we have today into giving a better service to our customers. 
Pallavi: 
Right, sir. Would it be possible to quantify like how much is this marketing spend? Is it done? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Eashwar, can you please give her the details? 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, I think in I think we would have spent around just under 5 crores for the quarter in terms of 
the marketing spends around the sponsorship events etcetera. And obviously to what Tehmasp 
mentioned and referencing to whatever he mentioned during the call, we've also making 
significant investments from leadership capability across the organization. So a combination of 
those two have obviously had the impact in this quarter. But again, as Tehmasp mentioned, these 
are all for the long haul as we build greater credibility for the IGI brand through our engagements 
with the consumers etcetera. 
Pallavi: 
Right, sir. I agree completely on this, you know, the long-term investment aspect of this. Thank 
you so much. I'll get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shravan Vohra from Morgan Stanley. 
Please proceed. 
Shravan Vohra: 
Yep, hi. Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to check first on the average 
realization per report. We've seen fourth consecutive quarter of improvement. How should we 
look at this number for the full year, like how would mix play a factor into the realization? Could 
you just elaborate a bit on that? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Hi, Shravan, good to hear from you. I think see, we've been maintaining this narrative over the 
last couple of years in terms of stability on pricing and that continues to hold on as we speak. 
We also talked about a few percentage points improvement. I think out of the 5% improvement 
that you're seeing, a 2% or 3% improvement is thanks to the AGL acquisition. 
The balance 2% is the base business improvement. So it's more driven by the mix shift for the 
quarter. Underlying pricing has remained, you know, consistent or constant since the last time 
we did a correction, which was April-May of 2024 on natural pricing on LGD. Otherwise, things 
have been stable for us. 
Shravan Vohra: 
Got it. Thanks for that, Eashwar. Just touching on the EBITDA margin bit, while you touched 
on it while making your opening comments, we've seen a like a deceleration this quarter Y-o-Y, 
but for the full year, did you speak about maintaining it at around 70%? Just correct me if I got 
it wrong. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, that 70% was for the India business. At the consolidation at a consolidated group results, 
we are at around 60, 64 right? 64 -- 60% this quarter, after delivering a 61% for the full year last 
year. So we should be able to probably hold or probably improve because with the 15% revenue 
growth, we expect EBITDA to grow faster at the group level, which actually happened during 
this quarter. That trend should continue over the next three quarters. So hopefully with the 
operating leverage that we get on this business, EBITDA margin should probably improve by 
100 basis points at least by the end of the year. 
Shravan Vohra: 
Right. Got that. And just one final question on the international bit. While you spoke about how 
the US business has improved and your Italy and all your initiatives in international markets, but 
even the EBITDA margin has seen a very sharp improvement in that business. So could you just 
talk about what's driving the improvement in EBITDA? 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, I think see, that's the point that Tehmasp was making in terms of, you know, a lot of 
customer leads now coming in from these geographies, consequent to which, you know, there's 
a commission payout that's happening to some of these geographies. I think as the business scales 
up there and again, it's again contingent on the capability that we built in the US business, the 
capability that we built in Dubai and China etcetera, which is enabling us to therefore reach out 
to large many more retailers out in those markets. 
And with the brand salience that IGI has created over the last few years, I think a combination 
of all these factors is enabling us to therefore see, you know, get into these territories at a much 
quicker rate than what we are actually expected at the beginning of this year. So all of those have 
come into play in this quarter. We hope that momentum continues for the balance of the year as 
well. And again, it's very simple it's very simple, Shravan. I think the operating leverage that is 
relevant for India also applies for the other geographies. You know, so if you're able to gain 
traction there, it just flows down into the bottom line. 
Shravan Vohra: 
Yes, perfect. Thanks a lot, Eashwar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Aliasgar Shakir from Motilal Oswal 
Mutual Fund. Please proceed. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Yes, hi. Yes, hi, Tehmasp and Eashwar. Fantastic set of results. Am I audible? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Yes, Aliasgar. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Okay. So, you know, just a -- first follow-up on this realization that the previous participant was 
also asking. Just wanted to understand this bit a little better. Now, you know, you have said in 
the past that when there is any kind of scale volume that you get from vendors, you know, there 
are, you know, some price negotiation that they do. But honestly, in the last three quarters, you 
know, we have seen very steady improvement in realization. So can you explain how much mix 
is playing a role in this and, you know, given the fact of how the mix changes, how much of the 
blended realization benefit you see because of, you know, the mix situation? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
See, Ali, I think there was a couple of percentage points that from a mix standpoint that we saw 
improvement in LGD, obviously consequent to what Tehmasp also mentioned in terms of 
expansion of capacity at the grower ends. So I think at the consol level, obviously it remained 
more or less constant at 58% this quarter versus the previous quarter. On a standalone basis, 
again, we've seen a couple of percentage points improvement from LGD segment. 
I think that's driven, you know, the realization improvement for the for the group. We'll let's see 
how that pans out for the balance of the year because we also are expecting this natural diamond 
jewelery to, you know, start showing some traction. We had a decline in quarter four and we're 
seeing some growth, I think a it's a very small 2% growth in ND jewelery. I think as the mix 
pans out and again, we get into the Diwali quarters etcetera., I think that mix play we are aware 
of, you know, last two years we've seen that it's impacting the -- the realization. 
But I think the broader point here is, Ali, that the volumes continue to be strong. The growers 
are expanding capacity and with the with the brand salience that IGI has, I think we'll have to 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
therefore ride the bandwagon on the volume to ensure that we are able to deliver strong revenue 
growths as well, together with, you know, EBITDA margins or EBITDA growth and EBITDA 
margin improvement. 
I think that is the overarching strategic imperative or the navigation that the organization 
therefore has to do over the as volume scales up and building that capability again from an 
organization standpoint in terms of people count etcetera. So all of that work is going on. So the 
good news is obviously volumes have been extremely strong and we hope to see that for the 
future for the immediate quarters as well. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So just to understand this, you know, clearly, your average blended certification price, 
okay, compared to that, I mean, the LGD and natural diamond certification price is higher than 
the blended price? Is that understanding correct? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Sorry, come again, Ali? 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
I'm saying that within the four-five category of certification that you do, the natural diamond 
and the LGD certificate price is higher than the blended price? I mean, I'm assuming the 
jewellery would be making lower for you, so I mean, what drives the realization? I was just 
trying to understand that. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Again, see, natural diamonds obviously the realization will be higher than LGD for sure. Again, 
see, the -- you also have to keep in mind that natural diamond the stones that come to us are the 
lower carat weight stones. So the realization obviously is also dependent on the carat size. It's 
not just, you know, and obviously LGD obviously comes with higher caratage because, you 
know, that's the way the business has obviously evolved. So the effective realization for both the 
natural diamond and lab-grown diamond will effectively be the same because of the change 
because of the carats per -- the carats per report. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. So the realization is getting driven by not the mix, you're saying? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
The mix, see, if there is a significant increase in the jewelery mix, in that quarter we have seen 
in the past, right, Ali, we have a small dip in realization. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Exactly. And then this quarter if I see your LGD mix and your, you know, has increased, but 
still actually the realization is improving. That's the reason why I was persisting on this point. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, it again mix depends on the carat that come into the -- into our reports. So on an average 
basis, I think probably there's a slight improvement in the caratage as well. So that's probably 
driving this improvement. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood. Got it. So basically the concern that this pricing could be, you know, weak 
realization per report, now that, you know, despite whatever the pricing being, this can be stable. 
We don't worry the pricing coming down, right? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, Ali, see, again, from a wholesale standpoint, this pricing has remained stable in the last two 
years between the 80 to 120 range, right, per carat. I think that that financial -- or that commercial 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
model has probably been settled and these guys are anyway adding significant more capacity 
which obviously. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
See, I think, sorry to interrupt, but Eashwar, I think you're talking in terms of price per carat, but 
actually what you report is realization per report. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
I'm talking when I'm talking price per report only, I'm saying the caratage that comes in per 
report, that can probably move a little bit here or there. But we always report on a per report 
basis, but I'm -- the underlying the underlying realization is driven by the carat weight is the 
point I was making, Ali. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Ali, what happens is in the natural diamonds, we do a certification of more pointers, that is below 
a carat. And while in the lab-grown, we do certification of more than a carat and actually more 
than two carats. So the size makes the difference. That is what Eashwar was trying to convey. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Got it. Got it. Got it. So concluding point is that therefore realization should benefit because of 
the higher caratage of the LGD pricing. Got it. Okay. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Yes. That is correct. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood. And just last question is on the guidance. So you have a guidance of 15% revenue 
growth, 20% EBITDA growth, but, you know, last three-four quarters, you know, you have done 
much better. So with this quarter, I mean, this year starting with a, you know, 23%, 24% growth 
in revenue, you know, I mean, if you're guiding 15% growth, then is that conservative or that 
means there is scope for this, you know, upgrade of numbers because obviously you're starting 
with a much higher base? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, of course, Ali, we all hope for the best and obviously we remain confident looking at how 
the how this is panning out. But yes, early days, it's just the first quarter, so we'll continue to 
hold our guidance at 15% revenue and 20% EBITDA for the moment. 
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Understood. Okay. Very clear. Thank you. Thank you so much for the explanation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mansi Zaveri from Old Bridge AMC. 
Please proceed. 
Mansi Zaveri: 
Hi, am I audible? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Mansi, can't hear you. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Not too clear. 
Mansi Zaveri: 
Hello? How about now? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
No, it's very low. 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Mansi Zaveri: 
Just give me a second. 
Moderator: 
Mansi, I would request you I would request you to please re-join the queue. We'll just proceed 
with the next question till then. We take the next question from the line of Pallavi from 
Sameeksha. Please proceed. 
Pallavi: 
I just wanted to understand turnaround time. My checks on the ground was showing an elongated 
time. And so what is the, you know, by when can we have this turnaround time fixed and what 
would it be in India right now? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Pallavi, what was your actual question? The TAT you're talking about? Turnaround time of our 
-- so that depends on the volumes. That depends on the volumes. So we've increased our capacity 
in technical side as well as on a process side, plus we use AI to keep the turnaround time as 
minimal as is possible. So does that answer your question? I didn't quite get. 
Pallavi: 
I mean, so what do we target in terms of the turnaround time, right? So let's say it's in India 
only… 
Tehmasp Printer: 
No, so turnaround time, a decent turnaround time of two to three days is acceptable. And that is 
what we strive to do. Did you hear that, Pallavi? 
Moderator: 
Sir, do you want me to unmute her? 
 Management: 
Yes, I don't know. I mean, we answered the question, so you can go to the next person. 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. No problem. We take the next question from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlps 
Wealth. Please proceed. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Hi, congratulations for a great set of numbers. Two quick questions. One, you're saying the ROI 
for these LGD manufacturers is down to 6 to 10%. At what stage do you think this would become 
a point of negotiation for the services that you're providing to them? It's already below the cost 
of their capital, so are they not going to push you hard for a lower cost, lower price? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Shrenik, our reading of that margin structure is in the 10-12% range, which is what we've been 
articulating over the last five-six quarters. I think the concept of negotiation is never-ending, but 
I think the more relevant point for us is to understand where the underlying price is actually 
moving. And that has remained stable in the 80-120 range over the last couple of years. So, yes, 
so I you know, so our reading is a little different from what you're telling us and that's remained 
stable for like two years now. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Okay. That's good to hear. But the 6 to 10% ROCE for the growers is something that is there in 
your presentation. The second question was about the additional other cost that you mentioned 
in the beginning of the call. What if you remove that other cost, which is the commission that 
you paid to the subsidiaries for the performance, then what would be the actual EBITDA and 
the PAT growth for the Indian subsidiary? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
See, I think, Shrenik, and this is something that we have been articulating in the past, the 
manufacturing strength of India provides us with an EBITDA margin of whatever 70-74% over 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
the last couple of years. That cannot be seen in isolation because we are still dependent on the 
retailer in the other geographies to push IGI into the international markets. 
I think the strength of one we call it the one IGI model within our organization, the strength of 
India's manufacturing capability or certifying capability coupled with the retail strength of the 
other markets is what makes IGI strong. So I will request that everybody looks at the 
consolidated EBITDA margins and not see this business in isolation because they are 
interdependencies there which provides us the leverage or the strength as a group as a total. 
So eliminating, you know, these are just mathematical exercises, but we need to understand the 
business model and that's what Tehmasp mentioned in the earlier in terms of, you know, what is 
at play. And that is our focus because the capability that we're talking of building in the US or 
in Belgium etcetera. is driven by that singular purpose of having a larger retail outreach so that, 
you know, people are actually coming to IGI. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
All right. So what we should really look at is the incremental EBITDA that you could generate 
on a consolidated basis? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
At the consol level, absolutely. 
Shrenik Mehta: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
At the consol level, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Anand Shah from Axis Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Anand Shah: 
Yes, hi, team. Just one question. You've been indicating this incremental capacity additions that 
are happening on the lab-grown diamond side for manufacturing. I mean, any numbers you can 
share on what is the current capacity or capacity addition plans for growers? I mean, any numbers 
so we can get that color as to what capacity growth is sort of happening? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, hi, Anand. Good to hear you. Yes, Anand, again, I think we've discussed this in the past, I 
think the previous call as well. I think when you speak to the growers, they're talking of doubling 
their capacity over the next three, sorry, capacity is the wrong word, doubling their business over 
the next three years. 
I think it's in from that context that people are starting to add capacity. We do obviously track 
the number of machines etcetera, but at a very, very macro level, these guys are talking of 
doubling their business in three years. And consequent to that is why you see volume propelling 
thanks to the capacity additions that's been happening there. 
Anand Shah: 
Got it. So it's basically the number of machines effectively sort of doubling. Got it. And as 
markets, I mean, India is assuming is still nascent and growing well, but is China also emerging 
as a big market for lab-grown diamonds now? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Yes, China is also a market for lab-grown diamonds and that certification happens from our 
Shanghai and Shenzhen office. So yes, it plays a significant role even in the China market. 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Anand Shah: 
Got it. But I mean, just last part, I mean, just trying to get a sense that this doubling of capacity 
from growers, you of course would be communicating with them. So where is their optimism 
coming from? Is it still more US-led or it is a wider adoption across geographies or is India-
China which is exploding? You know, just some geographic sense on the LGD adoption. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Mainly it is US-led, but increasingly from India also. You know, so what is happening is apart 
from the loose stone certification, we are increasing in our lab-grown jewelry business. So that 
is increasing very, very fast. And this is taking place even in the Indian continent. 
Anand Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. No, got it. That's all I wanted to know. Thanks a lot. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Yog Rajani from Omega Portfolio 
Advisors. Please proceed. 
Yog Rajani: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. My first question was in terms of the manufacturing side 
of it. So how concentrated is our client base when it comes to manufacturers of lab-grown 
diamonds? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Most -- 95% of all diamonds polished, cut, grown is from India. India has the biggest pool of 
polishers of the world. So you can grow your diamond -- especially a lab-grown diamond 
anywhere in the world, but you have to send it to India for polishing because we have the largest 
capacity of polishers globally. So that's why it's a known fact that 95% of all diamonds cut and 
polished are from India. 
Yog Rajani: 
My reason for the question is I wanted to understand how concentrated is our customer base, if 
you could highlight any points regarding that? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes. Okay. I think obviously, yes, see, there are obviously large players in the lab-grown 
segment. We have close to around 12 people or 14 people today at last count in terms of doing 
probably 80% of the total stones that get grown in India as far as lab-grown is concerned. So 
obviously from that context, these 8-10 guys probably will contribute close to 40%, 50% of our 
revenues. 
Yog Rajani: 
Okay. That's great. Second question is, so I this is my understanding, India manufacturing is 
largely CVD-based, whereas China would be majorly HPHT-based. So given that India is 
growing as a market, like in terms of manufacturing, do we see an increase in caratage over time 
for the lab-grown diamonds that we will be certifying? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Of course. See what happens is HPHT is a earlier technology, CVD is the latest technology and 
India has taken lead in the CVD factor. We see CVD growers making larger diamonds than ever 
before. You know, last year we certified a diamond of 75 carats, one single stone, which is a 
huge diamond. So you know, I mean, these guys are increasing the sizes and increasing their 
quality also because, you know, they are in the higher end of the spectrum of the 4Cs. And yes, 
this is the way the market is growing. 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Yog Rajani: 
Okay. So that's great. So I believe that would increase our average realizations over time as well. 
And on top of that, I also wanted to understand because the what to say customer base is so 
concentrated, what is the negotiating power that they have that we might have to adjust to? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
See what happens is it is concentrated within say 10-12 large growers where lab-grown is 
concerned. Okay. But they all have to be reliant on IGI certification. See because without IGI 
certification, the lab-grown diamond is a piece of glass, let me put it this way, you know, because 
it needs some authenticity and IGI gives the authenticity to a lab-grown diamond. 
Yog Rajani: 
Okay. Fair. And with the increase in manufacturing, is there actually a... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Mr Yog. I would request you to join back the queue as there are several 
participants waiting for their turn. 
Yog Rajani: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We take the next question from the line of Nitin Jain from Fair Value Equity 
Advisors. Please proceed. 
Nitin Jain: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very good quarter. So my first 
question is how exactly are we leveraging AI in our business? I mean, how does it help us? Is it 
revenue growth or operational efficiency? Where exactly are we leveraging AI? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
See, we leverage AI in efficiency. Turnaround time is the biggest factor which everyone looks 
at. So we do AI and ML to decrease our processing time and give a shorter TAT to our customers. 
So that is the main reason why we use AI. 
Nitin Jain: 
Right. And does that does the shorter turnaround time help us improve our realizations or how 
does it help actually? Or do more volume? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
No, it's all about volume, right? So it's all about customer experience. We feel that all of this 
translates into a better realization, better experience working with IGI and therefore better 
business. I think obviously this is all this is all cyclical. 
Nitin Jain: 
Right, sir. Thank you. That's clear. And my second question is on one of the slides in the 
presentation, the you have mentioned the CAGR for the number of reports you have done in the 
last three years and the revenue. So there is a decent amount of 6-7% gap in terms of the report 
CAGR as well as the revenue CAGR. So if you could elaborate what is leading to this gap of 6-
7%? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Yes, I think this is obviously dated back to 24-25 when we took the pricing correction on on 
LGD, right? So we had a 25% price drop on LGD realization in April, May, June of 2024. And 
consequent to that pricing correction in quarter one and quarter two, I okay, Jan to March quarter 
and April to June quarters of 25, we were obviously striking a higher realization.  
And if you were to look at those numbers at that point in time, the revenue growth was around 
20% and -- the volume growth was 20% and the revenue growth was around 10%. So that is the 
context in which you are you have to read this CAGR. And post that, obviously the pricing has 

 
International Gemological Institute Limited 
 
 
July 23, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
remained stable and the last four-five quarters, you know, has been the revenue growth is 
mirroring the volume growth as well. 
Nitin Jain: 
Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you so much. 
Tehmasp Printer: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rohan Picha from Dexter Capital. Please proceed. 
Rohan Picha: 
Yes, hi. So I just wanted to ask, can we get the carats graded in each category and the 
certifications in each category? 
Eashwar Iyer: 
You need to be a little louder, please.  
Tehmasp Printer: 
Rohan, we couldn't hear you properly. 
Rohan Picha: 
Can you hear me now? Hello? 
Tehmasp Printer: 
It's a little low, but we can try. 
Rohan Picha: 
So I was asking, can we get the carats graded and the certifications done in each category? 
 Eashwar Iyer: 
I didn't understand this question. Sorry. 
Rohan Picha: 
So the amount of carats graded in each category, that is ND, ND loose... 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Oh, I think again, see, we don't provide this information for obviously competitive reasons. We 
are the only company listed in this space and these are important to -- for obviously competitive 
reasons. So I don't think we'll be able to provide that that sort of detailing. 
Rohan Picha: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for the day and would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Eashwar Iyer: 
Okay. Thanks everyone for taking the time. We really appreciate the time that you give us. 
Obviously, we've had a few more people wanting to ask certain questions, but we are obviously 
available at any time for you to seek questions and for us to provide you with some updates. So 
please reach out to us. Sorry for having to cut out, but we are running out of time. Thanks 
everyone for the time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of International Gemological Institute Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
