 
 
 
 
Ref- FWIL/SEC/2026-27/37 
Date: August 18, 2026 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai - 400 001.  
Scrip Code : 544030 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
C/1, G Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.  
Symbol : FLAIR 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Call held on August 12, 2026 
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s),  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, copy of transcript of the Investor call 
held on Wednesday, August 12, 2026 at 12.00 noon (Indian Standard Time) to discuss 
Company’s performance for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 is enclosed. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
Vishal Kishor Chanda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
VISHAL 
KISHOR 
CHANDA
Digitally signed 
by VISHAL 
KISHOR 
CHANDA 
Date: 2026.08.18 
14:18:47 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Flair Writing Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VIMALCHAND RATHOD – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. MOHIT RATHOD - WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT RATHOD – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. ALPESH PORWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FLAIR WRITING INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MAMTA NEHRA – MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Flair Writing Industries Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Mamta Nehra from MUFG Intime. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Mamta Nehra: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Flair Writing Industries Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. Today on the call, we have Mr. Vimalchand Rathod, the 
Managing Director; Mr. Mohit Rathod, the Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sumit Rathod, Whole-
Time Director; and Mr. Alpesh Porwal, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
A short disclaimer before we start this call. This call will contain some forward-looking 
statements, which may be based upon our beliefs, opinions and expectation of the company. As 
of today, these statements are not a guarantee of future performance and will involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the conference call to Mr. Vimalchand Rathod, the 
Managing Director, for his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vimalchand Rathod: 
Good afternoon, and welcome to everyone. Thank you for joining Q1 FY27 earnings call. I hope 
everyone had the opportunity to go through our investor presentation and press release that has 
been uploaded on the exchange. We are pleased to present our Q1 FY27 performance with 11% 
year-on-year revenue growth and a 23%* year-on-year increase in EBITDA. 
 
We are seeing increase in demand of our products in the domestic market with growth across 
key categories despite challenging arising from the prevailing geopolitical situation, which 
impacted our Q-on-Q gross profit margin and affected our certain market and supply chains. Our 
overall business remains in resilience and continue to deliver growth. 
 
Coming to our segment performance, our core Pen segment delivered 9% year-on-year growth 
with demand remaining positive during the back-to-school season. Our Creative Products and 
Steel Bottles and Houseware business also recorded double-digit growth. Together, those 
categories now contributes approximately 31% of our overall revenue, reflecting the growth -- 
the progress we are making towards diversifying our product portfolio. Flair Cyrosil Industries 
Private Limited subsidiary of Flair. Currently operates three stainless steel bottle manufacturing 
lines. 
 
The order for the fourth next-generation manufacturing line has recently been placed and its 
commissioning is expected by Q4 '27. The new line is expected to increase our manufacturing 
capacity by approximately 35%, enabling us to cater the growing demand of  domestic and 
international demand. 
*Errata: Please note that EBITDA year-over-year growth is 7.7% instead of 23%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
Looking ahead, our focus remains on maintaining our leadership in writing instruments whilst 
increasing our market share in our Creative Products and Steel Bottles and Houseware business. 
At the same time, we are continuing to improve capacity utilization, better throughput in our 
distribution network and drive product capacity utilization, better throughput, innovative and 
strength of our presence in our own brands and international markets. 
 
I now hand over the call to Mr. Alpesh Porwal, our CFO, to discuss in detail about our Q1 FY27 
financial performance. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Thank you, MD sir. A warm welcome to everyone. Let me take you through our financial 
performance for Q1 FY27. Revenue from operations stood at INR319.2 crores, registering a 
10.6% year-on-year growth. Gross profit stood at INR158.6 crores, up 10% year-on-year, with 
gross margin at 50%, broadly in line with historical levels with a modest 31 basis point year-on-
year decline, which is driven by geopolitical uncertainties and an elevated cost environment 
across the industry. 
 
We have also taken proactive measures to protect margins, including rationalizing schemes and 
discounts and implementing selective price increases across all our three segments of businesses: 
Writing Instrument, Creatives, and Steel Bottle and Houseware business. EBITDA stood at 
INR53.3 crores, growing 7.7% year-on-year, while EBITDA margin stood at 16.7%, a 46 bps 
decline year-on-year.  
 
The moderation in margins reflects elevated and volatile raw material costs driven by 
geopolitical uncertainties. As capacity utilization improves and newer businesses gain scale, the 
company expects operating leverage benefits to support margin expansion and remains confident 
of progressively moving towards its EBITDA margin target of 17.5% to 18%. PAT stood at 
INR29.1 crores, increasing 0.5% year-on-year with PAT margin at 9.1%. 
 
The relatively slower PAT growth was primarily due to lower other income and increased raw 
material costs during the quarter. Despite the prevailing geopolitical uncertainty and the 
challenges arising from West Asia situation, we remain confident in the underlying demand 
environment and reiterate our FY27 revenue growth guidance of 15%. The above comparison is 
on Y-o-Y basis. And if you see Q-on-Q performance, the revenue shows a decline of 1.1% with 
gross profit margin declining by 151 bps and EBITDA declined by 116 bps and PAT margin 
declining by 220 bps. 
 
All these were primarily due to geopolitical situation in West Asia with sharp increase in raw 
material prices. We took prudent steps to mitigate and minimize impact through targeted price 
increases across key Steel Bottle and Houseware categories, rationalized trade schemes and 
discounts and intensified its focus on premiumization and product mix enhancement. 
 
Coming to our segment performance. Our core Pen business grew 9% year-on-year, reaching 
INR220 crores compared to INR202 crores in the previous year. The segment continues to be a 
consistent growth driver, supported by healthy demand in the domestic market and ongoing 
product innovation. Importantly, growth during the quarter was largely volume driven. We 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
launched 18 new pens across different price segments, further expanding our product offering 
and catering to a wider range of consumer needs. 
 
The Creative segment witnessed a growth of 23% Y-o-Y to INR80 crores as compared to INR65 
crores in Q1 FY26. However, growth could have been higher, but the impact of sharp increases 
in raw material costs amid geopolitical uncertainties in certain categories, where we consciously 
prioritize a balance between volume-led growth and protection of margins. This growth was 
supported by the existing portfolio as well as new product launches. During the quarter, we 
introduced 10 new products in the Creative range. 
 
Going forward, we will continue to expand the portfolio through new product development while 
progressively building our in-house manufacturing capabilities. We will maintain prudent 
balance of volume-led growth and margin protection to achieve our previous guidance. 
 
Our Steel Bottles and Houseware business grew by 54.3% year-on-year to INR19 crores 
compared to INR13 crores in Q1 FY26. The segment continues to see increasing traction as we 
expand our presence in these newer categories. It currently contributes around 6% of our overall 
revenue, and our focus will be on broadening the product portfolio and expanding distribution. 
Over time, we expect the revenue mix to progressively shift towards Creative Products, and 
Steel Bottles and Houseware with these businesses contributing a larger share of our overall 
portfolio. 
 
During the quarter, we introduced 32 new products across categories, further expanding our - 
product portfolio. For FY27, we have a pipeline of launches across Pens, Creative Products, and 
Steel Bottles and Houseware. We will continue to deepen our pencil portfolio, introduce higher-
value formats in Pens and expand our Steel Bottles and Houseware portfolio across channels. 
 
To support the growth of our Steel Bottle and Houseware business, Flair Cyrosil Industries 
Limited has placed an order for a fourth state-of-the-art next-generation manufacturing line for 
stainless steel bottles. The new line is expected to be commissioned by Q4 FY27 and increasing 
our manufacturing capacity by approximately 30 to 35 percentage. 
 
Creative products, and Steel Bottles and Houseware remain key growth engines for us. Together, 
these businesses contributed approximately 31% of the company's total revenue in FY26 and 
both continue to witness strong momentum. With the planned capacity expansion in Steel Bottles 
and continued scaling up of the Creative Product business, we expect the combined contribution 
to increase to approximately 35% to 38% of overall company revenue in FY27. 
 
Coming to our domestic and export performance. Domestic sales grew 13% Y-o-Y to INR277 
crores compared to INR245 crores in Q1 FY26, reflecting continued demand for our brands in 
the domestic market. Exports stood at INR43 crores and remained broadly flat year-on-year, 
primarily due to disruptions in the West Asia, resulting in longer transit times and higher freight 
costs during the quarter. 
 
While the near-term environment in West Asian region remains challenging, we have started 
focusing on increasing sales in other geographies and expanding our brand presence across 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
international markets. In the current quarter, we have started seeing a positive growth in the 
export in various markets. 
 
Exports will continue to be an important area of focus and growth for the company. During Q1, 
the company incurred a total capital expenditure of INR43.42 crores, of which INR33.25 crores 
was capitalized towards the factory building in Valsad facility. This investment is aligned with 
our long-term strategy of strengthening manufacturing infrastructure. This also includes a capex 
of INR38.7 lakhs recorded at Surat facility comprising investments and molds. We are a zero 
debt company and all the internal accruals are for future expansion and for the shareholders. 
 
Overall, we remain focused on building a stronger and more diversified Flair. We continue to 
drive premiumization across our product portfolio, strengthen our integrated manufacturing 
capabilities, expand our distribution and market presence and improve our working capital 
efficiency. We are confident in delivering consistent growth and creating long-term value for 
our stakeholders. 
 
Thank you, everyone. I would now like to hand over to the moderator to open the floor for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sneha from Nuvama. 
Sneha: 
Congratulations on good margins sustenance here. The first question is related to margins itself. 
We have seen your gross margins falling just about 150 bps Q-o-Q and remaining actually 
flattish Y-o-Y. While you said on the opening remarks that you reduced schemes and discounts 
there, is that a sustainable level of margins? I understand polymer prices are moving too swiftly. 
But can we actually look at these kind of gross margins continuing over the next 2 to 3 quarters? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Thank you, Sneha. Let me just give you a background of the entire calculation and the margins 
which you are posing,which I see. So Q4 FY26 margins remain largely protected due to lower 
cost inventory procured earlier. However, the impact of elevated raw material costs started 
flowing through from Q1 FY27, resulting in margin compression. 
 
To mitigate this impact, the company has already implemented targeted price increases across 
key steel bottless and houseware categories, rationalized trade schemes and discounts and 
intensified its focus on premiumization and product mix enhancement. 
 
As a result, despite the inflationary environment due to geopolitical uncertainties, the sequential 
gross margin decline has been limited to 150 bps, which basically demonstrates the effectiveness 
of these corrective actions which we undertook during the quarter. EBITDA margin declined to 
16.7% from 17.9% in Q4 FY26 and 17.2% in Q1 FY26, while gross margin softened to 49.7% 
from 51.2% and 50% in corresponding period last year. 
 
See, the raw material prices across key inputs have increased, Sneha, as we speak. You are aware 
of that, which creates significant near-term cost pressure. Management had previously also 
indicated a potential 100 to 200 bps impact on margins that was during the last quarter call. And 
the Q1 performance reflects –  about 1.5% impact due to these higher input costs. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
To answer your question, looking ahead, how do we see it is that as the geopolitical situation 
stabilizes, the management expects the cost pressures to gradually ease over the next three 
quarters as the full benefit of pricing intervention measures, including rationalization of schemes 
and discount shall flow through the P&L. And we expect to target an EBITDA margin of 17% 
to 18% for the year. 
Sneha: 
Understood. That was quite helpful, sir. The second question was more on your segmental 
revenues. And last quarter, we gave the guidance that Pens will actually, we are looking at 
around 5% CAGR sort of growth, but this quarter, we actually saw 9%. 
 
On the other hand, Creatives, which we were very positive about a 50% guidance sort of a 
number, we were at 23%, while Steel Bottle was largely in line with our estimate and in fact, 
higher. Could you actually tell us what is happening in Pens and what went wrong in Creatives 
on the other hand? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Sneha, just to answer about the Creative, nothing went wrong as of in Creative. We witnessed a 
growth of 23% Y-o-Y, primarily impacted by the raw material prices due to West Asia crisis. 
There were certain categories wherein we took a conscious decision of going for balancing of 
volume-led growth and protection of margins. This impacts were on categories such as 
Geometry Boxes, Pencils and certain subcategories within coloring portfolio. So it was a very 
conscious call that we took to protect the margins. 
 
Overall, if you look at the Pen category as a whole, we have seen a decent growth of 9% in Q1, 
which always we used to consider like whenever we had a call earlier, we would always say that 
it will be higher single digit. So it's mainly due to our strong brand pull for writing instruments 
of pens under Flair and Hauser brand in domestic market. 
Sneha: 
That was quite helpful, Mohit. Any change in guidance on the overall revenue number? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No, I think looking at Q1 and the way things are progressing in Q2, Q3, we are positive that 
we'll be sticking to our original guidance of 15% year-on-year. 
Sneha: 
Understood. And team, thirdly, great that you announced steel bottle business expansion here. 
Just wanted to understand a few numbers. What will be the key utilization currently that we are 
operating at, potential revenues from the current line? And when is the new line expected and 
what sort of offerings are we bringing in and potential revenue there? 
Mohit Rathod: 
See, currently, so if you look at Steel Bottles, currently, the capacity utilization is about 65% 
and going forward,  historically also, whenever we cross 65%, 75%, we tend to invest in the new 
expansion. 
 
And given the positivity and the signs from our buyers, mainly in general trade and e-commerce 
and quick commerce, we have taken a call that to increase the capacity by 35%, where we will 
be investing in one more state-of-the-art automatic line of Steel Bottles, where we would be 
investing about INR15 crores and the expected revenue generation would be around INR30 
crores to INR35 crores because it all depends on the product mix, what we make on that line. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
And to answer one more question about the existing line revenue, the existing line, looking at 
the product mix, what we have been giving in the last 2, 3 quarters to our customers, it looks 
like we would be doing about INR100-odd crores with the current capacity. 
Sneha: 
That was helpful. One last one, if at all, I can ask a bookkeeping question here. What would be 
the split of OEM business this quarter, both domestic as well as exports? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So when we talk about OEM business, overall OEM business witnessed a subdued demand 
during the period. As highlighted earlier, also, our domestic OEM business has been fully phased 
out with our legacy OEM relationship reduced to zero. When we talk about export OEM 
business, of course, because of the West Asia crisis, there was a demand issue and also because 
of the logistics issue. It impacted the demand and the consumer operations. 
 
So, I would say, overall, if you look at the OEM business, it is hardly contributing to about 5% 
of our overall business. So, , it will be looked as a regular business. It's nothing to be we are not 
focusing on OEM. We are rather -- for last 2 years, we have been focusing on our own brand 
sales. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aradhana Jain from 360 ONE Capital. 
Aradhana Jain: 
A couple of questions. First, I wanted a little more understanding on Pens business. So one is 
we've seen a good growth, 9% growth this quarter. Wanted a little more understanding of how 
are you looking at this growth? What led to it? 
 
Was there any one-off sort of demand that we saw in this quarter? And can we expect this kind 
of growth to sustain over the next few quarters? Because like the previous participant also said, 
for the full year, we were expecting low to mid-single-digit kind of growth in Pens. But given 
we've already done 9% this quarter, can we expect the run rate to continue in the rest of the year 
as well? That's my first question. 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So when we look at the overall Pens business, we have grown by 9% year-on-year. And it 
was mainly driven by the volume growth. So if you look at the overall volumes, we are 
increasing our market share in the domestic market as well as the export market. So going 
forward in Q2, Q3, Q4 also, we are hoping to continue with the same guidance of high single-
digit growth in Pen division. And it was also led by the new product launches, what we have 
done in back-to-school season. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Okay. And any sense if you could give us as to what could be our market share today in Pens? 
And the reason I'm wanting to understand that is that recently, one of your competitors has also 
taken over Reynolds as a brand. So, wanted to get your sense also on how you're looking at the 
competitive intensity to change your hence course? And what is our strategy going to be? Are 
we changing any strategy there with respect to Pens? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So, to answer that, Reynolds was always there in the market earlier too. And as the leaders in 
writing instrument industry, we have a strong brand portfolio with Flair and Hauser. And we 
will continue with our high-growth strategy in this segment. So I don't see any impact at all due 
to this takeover. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Aradhana Jain: 
And any sense on what would be our market share today in the Pens segment? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So currently, the market share as per the CRISIL report, last CRISIL report, in writing 
instruments, we have a market share of 18%. 
Aradhana Jain: 
18%? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. And is it fair to assume that going forward also, the growth will be driven by our 
own brand rather than the OEM business for us? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Absolutely. Yes, it will be our own brand growth. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. And what would be the mix of mass, mid-premium and premium? Any change in 
that mix for this quarter? You said it was volume-led, but still wanting to understand, was there 
any change in the mix or it's mostly 50-50 for us, 50% coming from mass and 50%? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No, I would say mass and mid has increased  , because of the volumes, the mass and mid has 
increased. 
Aradhana Jain: 
Understood. And in the pen segment. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you ma'am. May we request you to join the question queue for a follow-up 
question? 
Aradhana Jain: 
Sure, sure. I'll do that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhi Gupta from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
My first question is that the new unit that we are putting in Gujarat for Writing Instruments, Sir, 
how much is the total revenue potential for the maximum utilization? And my second question 
is on working capital. So sir, inventory, if you could just share some thoughts like how we are 
doing inventory-wise? Yes, that would be good. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So the new unit at Valsad which we are putting is basically it will suffice our growth projections 
for the next 1.5 years,  and it is not only for Writing Instrument, it is for Writing Instrument and 
Creative, both.- historically, also  you would have seen that our capex to revenue ratio has been 
around 3x. And we have projected a calculation  that it is going to be 3x this time also. 
Shubhi Gupta: 
Sure. And on the working capital? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So I'll share with you   Working capital has, in fact, year-on-year, if you see, my working capital 
has gone down by 6 days, has improved. And so it has improved by 6 days year-on-year, if I 
would say, previous quarter 1 to quarter 1. It has broadly remained stable during –this quarter 
compared to the previous quarter, that’s Q4 FY26, with inventory receivables and payables 
remaining largely in line with the previous quarter. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
So we got the advantage of keeping , you would have seen in our numbers, we got the advantage 
of keeping higher raw material stocks, especially in the time of the uncertain geopolitical 
situation. But going forward, we expect to streamline inventory levels as the West Asia crisis 
stabilizes with an anticipated improvement of approximately 10 days in our entire working 
capital cycle levels. 
 
We should be doing this by the end of this year. And also on working capital, just to add to this, 
that the – heightened inventory levels, one major thing  which I said majorly because of the crisis 
where the uncertainty of supply of raw material and the pricing issues which we face. 
 
But we also have new product launches across Creative and Steel Bottles, which requires 
somewhat higher inventory, particularly as these categories are still establishing distribution 
relationships. This is expected to normalize as –these businesses gain traction. 
 
Given our experience in the pen business, inventory levels can be managed more effectively, 
while the newer categories will see a gradual optimization as demand visibility improves. So 
overall, we expect a continued gradual improvement in both inventory and receivable days, 
which will support a – healthier working capital cycle in FY27. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal. 
Atul Mehra: 
So my question is on the revenue guidance. So basically, sir, if you have to meet our 15% 
guidance, we have to do 18% growth for the rest of the year. So in the current environment, what 
gives us the confidence of 18% growth for the rest of the year, if you can maybe break it up in 
business or segment-wise, what will drive the growth? And are you already seeing acceleration 
in top line growth now that say half the quarter has already passed by? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So overall, if you look at the numbers and going forward in the next 3 quarters, we would 
like to stick to our guidance, looking at the kind of demand what we are generating in domestic 
market as well as export market from our customers. So based on that, we would like to stick to 
our guidance. 
 
As far as category-wise is concerned, as we had always mentioned that it’s going to be high 
single digit in Writing Instruments for us, the growth. Creative and Steel Bottles will, of course, 
higher number digits, like about almost 40%. So I think we would like to stick to the guidance. 
Atul Mehra: 
Got it. And sir, other than maybe the near-term guidance, maybe if you were to think about it 
from a 3-year perspective, would we be confident of similar 15% plus top line, bottom line over 
the next 3 years as well, given the growth plans and expansion plans? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Right, Atul. So all the projections which we are sharing with you, this is for the current year, but 
3 years, 15% CAGR is easily achievable. I would not like to kind of give you a higher number 
at this point of time, but we are sure about it and confident about the plans which we have in 
place. 
Atul Mehra: 
Got it. One final question, Alpesh, is on operating leverage you spoke about in the opening 
comments. So given obviously the current environment where cost pressures on the raw material 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
side are on the higher side, if you can highlight a little bit more like what is the potential for 
operating leverage, which can unlock some of the margin loss from gross margin? If you can 
maybe specify. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Yes. So currently, – like I shared, we have taken a few measures here mitigating measures to 
kind of counter the increase in the raw material prices. And the way there are certain products 
in 1 or 2 of these segments where we have also taken a conscious decision to kind of market 
them in a different way to maintain a balance between margins and that. 
 
So a combination of volume-led growth and targeted price increases – what has worked in our 
favor. So Q3, Q4 are always better, Atul, if you were to see   Q1, obviously,    is influenced a 
little by the ongoing crisis in the raw material price increase. And exports have been affected.(31-
33) 
 
But as we move forward, based on the measures which we have already taken in terms of 
reducing discounts, rationalizing discounts and schemes and also increase in prices, the 
combination of this should not be an issue for achieving the projected numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nilesh Doshi from Prospero Tree AMC. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Congratulations for encouraging result in the light of the sharp increase in raw material price, 
sir. Congratulations. Sir, my question is regarding the Creative segment. Sir, Creative segment 
is our one of the fastest-growing segment. And you have given the guidance of 15% on an overall 
revenue basis. – but our presentation indicates that we have a 75% production capacity now. So 
is the company thinking to expand the capacity for the creative segment in the near future? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes, yes. So as we mentioned earlier also, Nilesh sir, that we are expanding our production base 
for Creative. And whatever infrastructure we build on new buildings for the factories, it is always 
fungible where we will make pens as well as stationery, Creative division. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Will that capacity cater to the future demand also because the Creative is the fastest growing, 
and we are something  anticipate that there will be a much more growth than the Pen segment. 
So our capacity must be ready for the future demand also. Is it like that? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes, yes. For future demand, everything is planned accordingly to meet the future demand. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
So when that capacity will be ready, sir? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
By end of next quarter is when we have the entire capacity in place. The building has been 
capitalized so far. It is built, but the machineries and mould, etcetera, are yet to   be installed. So 
by end of this quarter is where we see it should start commissioning. And Nilesh, you would 
realize that once we kind of, it’s not a switch on, switch off. 
 
So we will over the next 2 quarters is where we’ll see –the optimum utilization of the capacity 
there where we start. And just to add to this, this new Valsad plant where we plan to kind of 
manufactured pens, writing instruments as well as creative products. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
Simultaneously, our facility at Surat has also begun its –100% operations in the   new factory, 
which we kind of capitalized in the previous year. So these put together – shall be, in fact, 
sufficient to   power our growth. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Okay. And sir, my next question is to the earlier participant, you have mentioned that the 
Reynold was already in the market, so not too much worry to us. But now it is owned by some 
strong competitor. So we must be ready with our strategy to maintain and increase our market 
share. So you mentioned that 18% market share in the Pen segment. 
 
And now the Reynold is acquired by the DOMS. So are we ready or what is our future plan to 
maintain our growth because pen is already a single-digit growth trajectory. So we should not 
lose the market share and maintain at least our growth trajectory. 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes, yes. So Nilesh sir, if you see in Q1 as well, we have seen a growth of 9%. So when I talk 
about domestic market alone, we have seen a growth of almost- in terms of revenue, it’s almost 
about 13%. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
Please continue. 
Mohit Rathod: 
Domestic pen. So I would say- and it is all volume driven. So there’s no way we are losing 
market share to anybody. And of course, we have to be over aggressive. We have been always 
aggressive in writing instruments to protect our leadership, and we will be aggressive in the 
future as well. 
Nilesh Doshi: 
In short, we are ready to fight any competition. Is it correct? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. In fact, all the new product pipelines are already ready for next 2 years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirmam from Unique PMS. 
Nirmam: 
Great work on the margins. So my first question is, so we were implementing an inventory 
management system, right? So one, is that complete? And secondly, how does that impact our 
working capital, especially inventory days going forward? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So while we speak, the implementation is underway. And within 2 or 3 months, we’ll see proper 
optimization of the new ERP and all the benefits shall start flowing in. – To answer your specific 
question regarding the inventory management, the software has a very robust integrated platform 
for handling the materials, the goods, finished goods, raw materials, semi-finished goods. So 
what happens out there is the timing of the reorder quantity level, etcetera, and the utilization of 
the machines per machine utilization. 
 
All these calculations will come into play once we have this fully operational ERP. And that 
happens, then this will bring about economies in a much larger way. So what we see at 
inventories also shall come down. So the production cycle shall also be calculated within the 
software. So we will procure inventory at the right time. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 
The pricing will be another factor which will show up on the software. And hence, – it will have 
a positive impact on maintaining the inventory. So overall, working capital cycle shall also 
improve in a big way. 
Nirmam: 
Okay. So secondly, on the Steel Bottles. So can you comment on the profitability now that we’re 
operating on a very good utilization level, what kind of margins do we make in this segment? 
And how do you see these going forward? 
Mohit Rathod: 
See, when we talk about Steel Bottles, yes, the profitability is going to improve further. 
Currently, we are still working on the product mix. And as the product mix changes as per the 
season, the profitability also varies. But more or less, we are in line with our original target of 
having an EBITDA of 17%, 18% in that segment as well. 
Nirmam: 
Okay. And last question on the Creative. So you mentioned we had some raw material 
challenges. So now that we are increasing prices in some categories, do you think we’ll be able 
to pass on the price increases and grow as well because we’ll also have to improve our growth 
rate sequentially, right? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So as I mentioned earlier also, I’ll reiterate the same thing that we took a conscious decision 
– of balancing a volume-led growth and protecting the margins as well. So there are a few 
categories, as I mentioned earlier, like geo-boxes, pencils and some categories of coloring where 
we had the issue of pricing, passing it on to the consumer. But most of the categories, we have 
reduced the schemes and increased the prices. 
Nirmam: 
What kind of price hikes would we have taken across the board if a ballpark number? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
A total of the price hike has been price increase in the raw materials have been to the tune of 
10% to 15%. But our price hike here, we are talking of 10% plus/minus in household. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manprit Singh Aurora from Aurora Wealth Advisors. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Sir, my first question is on the Cyrosil subsidiary. Now we did INR86 crores of revenue in the 
last financial year on the Steel Bottles. Now does it all get booked under the Cyrosil subsidiary? 
The reason I'm asking is the annual report shows Cyrosil doing INR41 crores last year, but we 
have reported INR86 crores of Steel Bottle revenue? 
Mohit Rathod: 
We look at Steel Bottle and Houseware as one division. So the steel-related ones are 
manufactured in Cyrosil. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
And there's also a big quantity of bottles, which we are also trading. We are buying from a 
vendor and selling it, which we are not manufacturing. So that is also a part of it. Which we will 
be manufacturing in the current line, what we are setting it up, we will be doing that. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. So just to understand this then, out of INR86 crores that we did last year, INR41 crores 
was done in-house and the rest was done using trading or is that correct? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No, no, no. So that was- the balance was a combination of in-house plus trading. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. And that revenue doesn't get booked under the Cyrosil subsidiary? Is it booked in the 
parent? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
It's booked in another legal entity. Cyrosil subsidiary has only the in-house manufacturing, 
which we do. So the trading, etcetera, is kind of booked in the other legal entity. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
I see Okay. So this INR100 crores potential of revenue that you're talking about is out of the 
Cyrosil subsidiary or including Cyrosil manufacturing plus trading? 
Mohit Rathod: 
No, it is about the Cyrosil subsidiary. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. Sir, just to follow up on this because I want, there's some discrepancy. So you said we 
have reached 65% capacity utilization here. So does that mean that Cyrosil is probably doing 
65%? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Yes. So as I mentioned, we will reach 65% in next, next couple of quarters. So if we plan to 
expand our capacity now in next 3 quarters, we will be able to commission the fourth line, and 
then we will start producing it after a subsequent quarter, yes. So the expansion takes time. So 
we have to plan before. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. The other question was on the distribution reach. Now we had limited our Creative 
distribution to 68,000 outlets last year. Do we intend to increase that in the current year or still 
limit to 68,000? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Current year also, we are focusing mainly - to cater to those 68,000 only and to increase the 
throughput and increase the sales in the existing outlets only. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. The reason I'm asking, sir, is - I mean, have done a bit of going around the modern trade 
stores here in South India and some of East India just to look at our products. And while I see 
that ours are present everywhere, we have a very good presence in the Pen segment. The Creative 
segment, especially here in Bangalore and Chennai, it has been a mixed bag where some of these 
products are present but are not there. The Steel Bottles are still seen in some of the Tier 2 towns 
as well. 
 
So I just want to understand which regions are you targeting? Are the metros covered? Because 
the Creatives, while I see that some of these products are very innovative, your Disney branded 
stencils, etcetera, but the availability has not,I'm not seeing the availability. 
Mohit Rathod: 
So that's what we mentioned earlier also that we are focusing these 68,000 outlets are those 
which are the main stationary counters in India. And - when we look at our field assist report, 
when we analyze the reports and we break shop wise, we feel that there is a huge scope to cater 
to these existing outlets rather than increasing the number of outlets because the increase in the 
number of outlets can be done once we achieve a reasonable per store value, what we have 
targeted. 
 
And also to answer that, - as you said that you visited a few modern trade stores and there were 
a few products in our Creative category.  Until last year, we were seen as a Writing Instrument 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
player in modern trade. But since last year, they have accepted our Creative categories as well, 
be it mechanical pencils or wooden pencils. So now slowly, slowly, we are making inroads in 
these stores as well. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
All right. Sir, the next question is on the employee expenses. Now between '25 and '26, our 
employee expenses almost increased by 25%. Now where has this employee expense increase 
mostly gone to? Is it on the sales force side or on the manufacturing side employees? Just trying 
to understand what has caused this drastic increase and then also what is the sustainable run rate? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Where are you seeing these numbers of an increase of 25% and 30% over here. If I were to kind 
of share with you my employee expenses, which would include the job work and other charges, 
which are shown in my other expenses. This has historically been plus/minus 0.5 ,so plus/minus 
21 percentage is what we see, if I were to take all the job work charges, etcetera. And if I were 
to talk only of employee, which you are seeing over there, which has been in the range of 16.5% 
to 17.5%. That's the maximum range which we see. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. So what I meant was between FY25 when we had INR171 crores in employee expenses. 
And then in FY26, we had INR214 crores in employee benefit expense. 
Alpesh Porwal: 
The percentage to the employee expense as a percentage to the revenue, you will get a stable 
number, which is going on. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Yes. But... 
Alpesh Porwal: 
Will be always between -- yes, sorry. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Yes. What I was saying was if we have to see operating leverage play out, sir. So at some point 
of time, some of these expenses have to remain constant or not increase in proportion to our 
revenue, right? And that's where... 
Alpesh Porwal: 
You are right. But also, if you see that over the last 2 years, we have forayed into major 
expansion. And the new categories which we have got into, the new segments, which is Creative 
and Steel Bottles also require a lot of focus there.   
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Yes. The question is, was it more on the sales side that we had to increase headcount? Or is it 
on the manufacturing side? 
Mohit Rathod: 
So it is both. Manufacturing also, since we have increased our manufacturing capacities, we 
have increased the headcount in factories. And as well as sales side also, we have increased 
around 250 people in sales in the last 2 years. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
And so this current run rate of INR55 crores, is that going to stabilize now or we are expecting 
more? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
It's more or less stabilized now. So we bring about ,we are always working towards having 
economies of scale and which will impact our lower growth in the employee expenses. But this 
is all said and done that this is what we feel today. But tomorrow, if we go for another expansion 
or another segment which we get into, obviously, the numbers will change. And the range has 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Flair Writing Industries Limited 
 
 
August 12, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
always been between 16.7% to 17.5%. That's the range of the percentage of employee expenses 
over revenue. 
Manprit Singh Aurora: 
Okay. And sir, on the Valsad operationalization, has there been some delays? Because we've 
been -- in the last 2 quarters, we've been saying it will operationalize. But now I think you 
mentioned that only the building has been capitalized and will probably start operational? 
Alpesh Porwal: 
So this quarter, we will have it completelyby end of this quarter, it will be completely 
operationalized. So when the stage will be commissioned, 100% commissioning is what we are 
talking about. But as we discussed earlier also, there was a little delay, but not so much that these 
are normal delays which we see in having the building stuff. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saloni from Value Q Investment and Advisors. 
Saloni: 
Sir, I only have one question, and that is out of the current Creative and the Steel Bottle revenue 
that we are generating. What would be the ratio of outsourced/traded revenue and the in-house 
one? 
Mohit Rathod: 
Do you mean to say the revenue mix of traing and in-house capacity? 
Saloni: 
Right. 
Mohit Rathod: 
So it remains broadly similar. It's about 75%, 80% is our in-house capacity and balance 20% is 
what  we outsource. 
Moderator: 
Due to time constraints, that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mohit Rathod: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone, for taking time out for this conference call today. If you have 
any queries, please feel free to contact our IR team, MUFG Intime India Private Limited. Thank 
you all, and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of MUFG Intime, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
