Godrej Properties Ltd. 
 
Godrej One, 5th Floor,  
Pirojshanagar, 
Eastern Express Highway, 
Vikhroli (E), Mumbai- 400 079. India 
Tel.: +91-22-6169-8500 
Fax: +91-22-6169-8888 
Website: www.godrejproperties.com 
 
CIN: L74120MH1985PLC035308 
 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                       
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: Godrej Properties Limited  
          BSE - Scrip Code: 533150, Scrip ID – GODREJPROP 
BSE - Security Code - 974951, 975090, 975091, 975856, 975857, 976000 - Debt Segment  
          NSE Symbol - GODREJPROP  
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call with the investors/ analysts. 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A, Para A of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call organized with the investors/ analysts on Tuesday, August 04, 2026, 
post declaration of Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter ended June 
30, 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours truly, 
For Godrej Properties Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ashish Karyekar 
Company Secretary  
 
Enclosed as above 
 
ASHISH 
SUDHAKAR 
KARYEKAR
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH SUDHAKAR 
KARYEKAR 
Date: 2026.08.06 
16:53:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Godrej Properties Limited 
Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PIROJSHA GODREJ – EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON – 
GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED  
 
MR. GAURAV PANDEY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJENDRA KHETAWAT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – GODREJ PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
MR. KSHITIJ JAIN – INVESTOR RELATIONS – GODREJ 
PROPERTIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Godrej Properties Q1 FY 2027 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kshitij Jain from Investor Relations. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Kshitij Jain: 
Thank you, Raghav. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Godrej 
Properties Q1 FY 2027 Results Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, 
Executive Chairperson; Mr. Gaurav Pandey, Managing Director and CEO; and Mr. Rajendra 
Khetawat, CFO of the company. 
 
Before we begin this call, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature. The forward-looking statements are based on expectations 
and may involve risks. The outcome may differ materially from those suggested by such 
statements, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in the results presentation. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Pirojsha Godrej to make his opening remarks. Over to you, 
Pirojsha. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Godrej Properties First Quarter 
Financial Year '27 Conference Call. I'll begin by discussing the highlights of the quarter, and we 
then look forward to taking your questions and suggestions. 
 
GPL achieved a booking value of INR8,651 crores, a year-on-year growth of 22% from the sale 
of 3,738 homes with a total area of 6.2 million square feet. This is the sixth consecutive quarter 
in which GPL has exceeded INR7,000 crores booking value. Booking value in the first quarter 
was driven by strong demand in several new project launches, including Godrej Vanantara, 
which had INR3,237 crores of sales, Godrej Samaris in Gurugram, which had INR1,248 crores 
of sales and Godrej Brooklyn Avenue in Hyderabad, which was launched right at the end of June 
and sold INR300-odd crores in June and has sold a similar amount since then. 
 
Incidentally, Godrej Vanantara is the third project in Bengaluru to achieve a booking value of 
more than INR3,000 crores in the last 3 years. Bookings contributions were led by Bengaluru at 
44%, followed by MMR at 21%, NCR at 18% and Pune and Hyderabad at 11% and 5%, 
respectively. GPL has thereby achieved 22% of its annual guidance for booking value for the 
financial year. 
 
Collections in the first quarter stood at INR4,348 crores, year-on-year growth of 18%. Operating 
cash flow in the first quarter stood at INR399 crores, a decline of 58%. Direct construction spend 
increased by 41% year-on-year in quarter 1. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
While OCF in Q1 was very weak, we expect our operating cash flow to meaningfully increase 
in the rest of the year and grow to approximately INR9,000 crores for the full year. GPL added 
3 new projects with an estimated saleable area of approximately 8 million square feet and 
expected booking value of INR9,500 crores. With this, we achieved 48% of annual guidance for 
business development in the first quarter. 
 
For the first quarter, the total income declined by 16% to INR1,337 crores. EBITDA declined 
by 40% to INR545 crores and net profit declined by 42% to INR350 crores. This is because we 
had only one project completion in Q1, and that was of a DM structure project. We remain on 
track for 13.5 million square feet of delivery in the full year and for achieving 20% ROE in 
financial year '28. With a robust launch pipeline and strong balance sheet, we are confident of 
delivering another strong year. 
 
On that note, I conclude my remarks. Thank you all for joining us on the call. We'd now be 
happy to discuss any questions, comments or suggestions you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Your first question comes from Puneet with HSBC. Please go ahead.  
Puneet: 
Congrats on good sales bookings here. My first question is with respect to your view on the 
various markets that you operate in. Which markets do you feel more excited about? Where are 
you bit worried? And how are you thinking about business development in those areas? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thanks for the question. One of the interesting things we've seen from a data perspective at an 
aggregate level, right, that the first 6 months H1 performance for overall Indian residential 
industry has been very strong. I think the only laggard in the game from a quarter 1 perspective, 
Pan India would be, give or take, Gurugram, which also I think quarter 2 would see a good uptick 
because the supply has not hit in Gurugram as much in quarter 1 than we expect in quarter 2. 
But you'll be surprised that in many markets, the absorption has increased between 10% to 25% 
level. It's quite a strong aberration. So, I think overall market seems to be quite strong. From a 
relative perspective, I would say Bangalore and Hyderabad and Noida clearly doing exceedingly 
well as markets. I think Bombay, it is, I would say, core Bombay, which is western suburbs, 
micro markets of South Bombay and Thane are doing very strong. 
These I would say are highly attractive markets. But early days, even Pune is looking slightly 
better than what it was, say, in the last 2-odd years. So, I would say when we were entering the 
year, I was thinking that we would be an outlier. There could be a very different market, but the 
year has started with a very strong note for the marketing in general and of course, for us. 
Puneet: 
Understood. And on the cost side, have you been feeling any impact of cost increases, 
availability of labor, etcetera, given that you have now scaled up massively and there has been 
some chatter about minimum wages going up, etcetera? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
There is a 2.6% minimum wage or so in some markets that have hit, but broadly, nothing that 
was not planned for because wage rate inflation is a very predictable event. And when you buy 
land, especially in the model that we have, we do model the typical wage rate inflation. But I 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
think the entire Middle East crisis did have an impact. If you remember, we even discussed this 
point in the previous earnings call. 
I would say, we were seeing a slightly strained scenario, a very secular strained scenario till 
about May end. From June and now, I would say there is some amount of change happening, 
still early. Yes, relative to, say, a position of February, there is a cost inflation, but there are 
some very encouraging signs. Like the steel cost has, give or take, reduced by almost 12% in 
between, say, to even February cost base. 
Even items like lift systems have seen a marginal cost drop, but things like aluminum have shot 
up. Tile availability was a huge challenge in April and May and marble availability. That supply 
side issue has got resolved, but there is some amount of price drop also we've seen both in 
marbles and tiles. But relative to February, still inflated. 
So, I would say as and when we would see in the coming months, supply side getting more and 
more -- recognizing the supply side constraints getting over, I would say the cost drop will 
happen. But I mean nothing really worrisome. I would say about May, if you ask me the same 
question, I would have been more worried on the trend, but now the trends have started reversing. 
Puneet: 
Understood. And you have a significant amount of projects ready to get completed in FY28. 
What percentage of inventory would still be unsold for those projects? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I wouldn't know the -- yes, aggregate number of it offhand, but if you just see the specific -- 
talks about the 16 projects, we have added on the sixth slide. The INR40,000 crores booking 
value that we said is more or less, is basically already sold out. It's not that we have a huge 
inventory because most of these are stellar projects. Like Aristocrat, 98% is sold out. Reserve, 
we sold more than INR6,000 crores of inventory. Even MSR city….. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
The annexure of our presentation actually has all the details for our projects. 
Puneet: 
Yes. That's good. That's all from myself. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Gaurav Khandelwal with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Good evening. Thanks for taking my questions My first question is on business development. 
So, we've done close to INR9,500 crores, INR10,000 crores in first quarter itself. And I'm 
assuming a lot of this would have been known by the time we had given FY27 guidance of 
INR20,000 crores. So, what's the -- do you think this year would again be one of those years 
where we meaningfully overshoot the BD development guidance? And what is the kind of 
pipeline that we are looking for at least in the next 1 to 2 quarters where you would have a more 
better visibility? That's my first question. I'll have one more follow-up after this. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Sure. On business development, actually, no we didn't have any idea about when we had our last 
-- when we were issuing the guidance. Actually, the big contributor to this INR9,500 crores was 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
a INR7,000 crores land in Noida, which we won an auction subsequent to that. So I think that 
was again the main contributor. 
I think we said that on business development guidance, we've intentionally put out a fairly 
conservative number because we don't want to have any pressure or requirement to do business 
development just to meet any guidance. We've also said that I think thinking about business 
development is more of a replacement to sales is probably roughly where we think a healthy 
level of business development would be. 
Our sales for this year's guidance was a lot higher than business development. So I think 
somewhere in that range is where we would expect to end and Q1 is therefore quite in line with 
that. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Got it. But just to understand this better, in that context, what are the key risks outside of business 
development to the FY '28 positive FCF that you mentioned in this quarter's presentation? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I think that is the key risk, if you want to call it that. But let's say obviously, we think we're only 
putting in capital when projects are going to generate higher than 20% IRR. So generally, we 
feel adding new projects is very positive because we are meeting our regular kind of threshold. 
But that to me would be the big risk if we did overshoot that. 
So I think we're quite clear also both in terms of what stakeholders would like us to do. And we 
think that the operating cash flow will be strong enough to ensure very robust business 
development plus some free cash flows next year. I think the only other is very substantial project 
delays or, you know, very huge kind of cost overrun because of the global situation worsening 
or things like that. But those would be, let's say, relatively small risk in our view. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
That's very clear. My second question is, how are you looking at the activities of NRI customers 
coming back to the market? Have they come back to what the quantum of business activity with 
them was prior to the Middle East war? Or do you still think these are still early days? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
You know, first of all, we've not modeled historically our sales on NRI per se. Give or take, we 
have like a 10% sort of NRI sales. So we were fairly insulated. Doesn't create either a major 
upside risk or a downside risk for us. That being said, I would say there is a structural shift we 
are seeing within NRI market, more specifically in the Middle East side. 
I would say previous to the crisis, right, India was more of an opportunity for NRI customers to 
look at as an investment base for India. And give or take, their horizon of investment, say 2 
years, 3 years, 4 years, was the typical way of them looking at India. And I'm talking about the 
bulk of the community. 
I think that is fundamentally getting changed. It's still very early because a lot of people are now 
looking that maybe Middle East is not the safest place anymore, so should they look back moving 
to India? What should they do outside? Those conversations have happened and I think the 
closest parallel, I would say it's very premature to say that, but something like COVID, right, 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
that the triggers to demand after COVID was largely psychological and that totally shifted the 
demand patterns for the core property market. 
I think this is an interesting situation to sort of draw a parallel and study that. I think it's very 
early, but yes, the quality of conversations has really shifted from the Middle East market. 
Barring Middle East market, I think it's pretty much business as usual. A lot of people are looking 
India as a good place to invest purely from a long-term currency hedge, and people want to buy 
properties for their parents or come here back for retirement. So that kind of is more or less 
similar. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Got it. And if I just can ask one more question. In terms of the KPI for top management, what 
are the top 2, top 3 things which have the highest weight on the scorecards? Is it market cap? Is 
it free cash generation? Is it ROE? Just to get some sense. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. Sure. We have 4 key metrics that we use for incentives for the team. The first of those is 
cash collection. So that is -- we've purposely chosen collections instead of operating cash flow 
because we think collections encourages overall speed of delivery, which is good for customers, 
good for long-term health. Whereas OCF can also sometimes in the short term be achieved by 
cutting down on construction costs in parts that are not increasing immediate collections. So we 
think collections is a better cash metric. So that's the one we've used.  
We also have imputed profits, which incentivizes both bookings growth for the company as well 
as margin creation and margin enhancements. That imputed profit is multiplied by what we call 
our asset management factor, which either rewards or penalizes the teams based on enhancement 
or reduction in existing locked-in profits. So that's the second bucket.  
The third is reported profits, where you know honestly, I think it was more to bring in the 
discipline and focus on this mattering over the long term. I think there's not very much teams 
can do other than plotted development, etcetera, to move and faster delivery to move in year 
profit, but we think helpful in creating that trajectory.  
And the fourth is a Net Promoter Score where we measure customers' ratings of -- directly from 
our customers rating of their experience with us, and that's, of course, to incentivize quality 
customer service and long-term brand enhancement. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Got it. Thanks, that's very helpful. And is there any discussions of switching to a percentage 
completion accounting from the PCM one currently? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
Shifting to percentage completion. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
No, we think it will be very complicated. Our view is that in certain jurisdictions like Haryana 
and Karnataka, the RERA rules don't support the use of percentage completion accounting. 
Maharashtra, of course, it is easier to do that. So no, given our national business, we feel that 
we'd either probably have to maintain different types of accounting standards in different 
geographies, which we think would just add to the confusion. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
We, of course, over the last couple of years, have introduced imputed profits and are publishing 
those on an annual basis to help signal to markets what our operating numbers look like. Those 
are you know more in the direction of percentage completion versus project completion. So 
hopefully, investors can get a decent sense of where things are basis, one, operating cash flows, 
two; imputed profits. 
And hopefully, as some of the newer projects finally start reaching revenue recognition towards 
the end of this year and largely next year, we'll also get a sense of reported profits. So no plans 
to switch the accounting. 
Gaurav Khandelwal: 
Thank you very much. Those were all my questions. 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Abhinav Sinha with Jefferies. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, first question on the construction outflow, which has scaled up now to around INR2,250-
odd crores. Where do you see this settling by the end of the year? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Difficult to exactly comment on the exact number. But I mean, if you look at -- I don't think 
we've published this number, but give or take the percentage that you saw last year, we will try 
and mimic something closer to that. I would say between 30% and 40% is the ideal range to 
almost ensure that next year PAT is certain. 
But of course, in projects, certain projects, the outflow will be more on core and shell. Certain 
projects could be more in finishing and they both have very different outflow streams, right? But 
I think fair to say, every quarter, you'll see a base effect between 20% to 40% range of quarter-
on-quarter, year-on-year sort of a growth. And that's what we ideally would aspire to do, all 
things remaining there. 
I think NGT could be a period where, depending on how much the ban period is a sort of 
unpredictable COC line item for the year. But that said, I'm very confident that we'll see a very 
good spike on COC and also operating cash by the end of the year. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay, sir. Gaurav second question on sales. So you -- I mean presales basically, you have earlier 
said that you would like to have smoother sales across the quarter. Now, looking at the launch 
pipeline, how do you think this year is going? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think, Abhinav, we started at a very good note. To be very frank, quarter 1 is usually the slowest 
for us, purely because teams go above and beyond in quarter 4 and people, as you know, children 
have holidays, so people travel a lot. So -- and approvals also, everybody tries to push as much 
for launches in the quarter 4. But I think this year, what we did fundamentally different in quarter 
1 was to focus on sustenance fairly well. And if you see, its -- while the quarter overall number 
is quite exciting, especially from a peer group point of view, 41% or so came from sustenance 
sales. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
So I think we have a good launch pipeline throughout the year. The big ones which are 
immediately coming are like the Bandra launch, which we've seen what Worli has done to our 
portfolio and to the city. I have very high expectations from Bandra. And similarly, Golf 
Extension Road is a huge launch, which will come in Gurgaon. And then there is a couple of 
launches in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Pune. 
 
But to be very frank, sometimes it's extremely difficult to predict launch exact time line. So the 
controllables, therefore becomes -- there are some thresholds of time lines we define internally 
for RERA approvals. And so there is a launch activation model that we follow. But if those tend 
to get breached because of approval delays, we start shifting our focus more towards, more 
towards sustenance. 
 
So there will be a degree of predictability on quarter-on-quarter performance. But yeah, I mean, 
there could be some quarters which, because of lumpy launches, could see an exponential jump, 
but there would be a minimum threshold we would like to maintain quarter-on-quarter, 
something like we've done for the last maybe 6 quarters, we've delivered always INR7,000 crores 
sort of a number. 
 
That's sort of almost like an internal bare minimum we always have, and endeavor is INR8,000, 
INR9,000, INR10,000 sort of trajectory and then taking with launches maybe even further. So 
that's the broad -- I don't want to commit to a number per se right now, but I mean that's the 
thought process we model ourselves when we look at a quarter. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Great. Sir, one last question. So on -- I mean, you have given an FCF positive guidance and put 
some numbers also for FY28. How do you think FY27, we should see net debt, you know, 
moving in the next 3-odd quarters? Thank you. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah, Abhinav, I think, you know, it could be a little bit up and down depending on how much 
BD happens and what's the exact collections quarter-by-quarter. I would say roughly to get to 
the INR24,000 crores collections and INR9,000 crores OCF we've guided for this financial year, 
I think, you know, there will be a buildup through the year and Q4 will probably be the strongest 
of the 4 quarters. 
 
You would see Q2, I think, significantly better than Q1. Q3 should be better than Q2 and then 
Q4 should be quite strong. I think you know there's a decent chance even in the rest of FY27, 
we will be free cash flow positive unless we do a very high level of BD, because I think that -- 
the remaining collections for this year, just in the last 3 quarters, are about equal to our total 
collections last financial year. 
 
So I think there is good opportunities. But I think honestly, the main focus for this year is to 
make sure we make a lot of construction progress. Some of those collections will of course, 
come this year, but a big portion will, will also be happen next year upon delivery. So I think 
that's priority number 1. 
 
And while we know, you know, the market is very focused on this free cash flow number, and 
we are too, but we want to balance that with the opportunities we see for growth at the same 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
time. We think on the large base we've established, if we're able to next year report a 20% ROE 
and also report 20% booking value growth, we do think that will be well appreciated at that 
stage. 
 
We think the market is perhaps a little more focused on efficiency right now than growth, 
because they have more evidence from us in the last few years of the growth than the efficiency. 
But we are, you know, we're seeing the internal numbers, we are quite confident and convinced 
on the efficiency. Therefore, we don't want to overcorrect to respond to the market and kind of 
not also capture the kind of growth opportunity between us that is present. 
 
So we do want to keep these 2 things in balance. We've already said that we would look at 
INR10,000 crores net debt as a cap that we would not like to exceed, and we'll work to make 
sure we stay within that. That said, I think there's every chance that even in the next 9 months 
of FY27, we could be free cash flow positive, and we'll of course, unless we're seeing really 
exceptional business development opportunities endeavor to do so. 
 
But I think FY28 is the year that we feel, even if we see great BD opportunity, just given the 
scale we're likely to have of operating cash flows, we're very confident that, that year we will be 
free cash positive. And I think it, for us, isn't an absolutely critical deliverable to do that this year 
so long as we're keeping our net debt broadly in check and we're confident that the BD we're 
doing will deliver strong growth. And I think, you know, obviously, last year was a good BD 
year for us, and we hope to demonstrate the value of that through, you know, having a great 
booking performance this year. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Thanks and all the best to the team. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Pritesh Sheth with Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Just couple of questions. In terms of launches, you know, 
maybe if you can just highlight on the GDV, you know, across the next 3 quarters, we have 
balanced launches of INR37,000, INR38,000 crores. We had almost INR10,000, INR11,000 
crores of launches this quarter. Q2 would be similar or slightly better? And then obviously 
second half is expected to be quite better, but just trying to understand how should we think 
about the trajectory that is? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Pritesh, I would say there is an entire launch set of approvals, which just like in quarter 1, we 
were adding, right? So let's see where exactly, which dates we get it. Actually, if you ask me, 
the big ones seem to be on track. Depending on the day we get the approvals, we'll take a call 
whether it makes sense to launch and push this within the quarter or would it make more prudent 
sense to do it to the next quarter. 
 
I think the 2 big ones are Bandra and GCR Extension, and they have a meaningful impact on a 
absolute performance. But these are all -- both are very high-margin products, so we don't want 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
to necessarily just to compensate for a number, push them either this quarter. We would like to 
see if the approvals come in the next 15 days, we will push it within the quarter. If it takes more 
time, we might take a call to do the next one. 
 
But there are some approvals which seem to be on track and, and have already come, and we are 
doing good things in that. You would be happy to note that projects which we got almost towards 
the end of the last quarter, like there was a project in Hyderabad, which did about INR300-plus 
crores has already crossed INR650-odd crores in this -- the cumulative sales by now. Samaris 
has crossed INR1,500 crores as we speak. 
 
So I think there is some amount of launches of last quarter towards the later part, we will continue 
to see growth. So I think we'll take a judgment call somewhere, I would say, third or fourth week 
of August, looking at the approval timing. But fair to say the overall launch calendar, 15 days 
here and there aside, is absolutely on track and looks very promising. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Perfect. That's helpful. So the bigger ones, Bandra and Golf Course Road, would be either 
Q2 or Q3, not Q4 is what one should assume? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Q2 or Q3, no Q4. I think it's either within this quarter or maximum next. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay, okay. Fair enough. And second on -- you know, firstly, thanks for the free cash flow 
guidance -- cash flow guidance overall and the free cash flow target. Just one question on that. 
I mean, obviously, there would be some collections, cash flows arising out of next year's sales 
number. 
 
Have you still assumed the growth over this year's base, you know, to arrive at those cash flow 
numbers? Or just directionally where -- what are we thinking in terms of how our business is 
going? Or -- and how much sensitivity is there if, let's say, if -- on presales, we flatten out next 
year, you know, how much impact it could have on that, you know that INR11,000 crores, 
INR12,000 crores OCF that we are probably expecting next year, yeah. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yeah, Pritesh, I think this builds in for this year, what we've guided, the INR39,000 crores 
bookings, INR24,000 crores collection. And yes, there would be some growth assumed in that, 
but I don't think it's anything extraordinary. And we -- so this is really our CBE. Yeah, I think, 
could there be some downside risk if the sales situation in the market very significantly 
deteriorates or you know the construction schedules get very disrupted by global events? Of 
course, there could be some. 
 
But I would say there's as much or more upside risk if markets hold up and we're able to, as 
Gaurav said, launch things like Bandra, which is a big project for us. Ashok Vihar has also been 
making some progress and approvals. So, if some of these launches, there could also hopefully 
be some upside potential to this. But yes, it is a CBE basis, our current view of how things will 
improve. We've made an attempt to neither make it too aspirational nor too pessimistic. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Sure. Pretty help and thanks for the disclosures. Thank you. All the best. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Girish Choudhary with Avendus Spark. 
Please go ahead. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is, again, with respect to your guidance 
on the OCF, which is around INR8,600 crores for the balance of fiscal 2027. And also you 
guided for collections of roughly around INR19,650 crores, right? So the implied gap or, let's 
say, the implied outflow is around INR11,000-odd crores, right? 
 
And then, if I look at the Q1 construction and other project outflow was INR4,600 crores, right? 
So the implied INR11,000 crores for the rest of 9 months is pretty -- is a sharp lower run rate 
versus the Q1. So if you could just explain this, this -- how should we look at going ahead in 
terms of both construction and other projects related outflow? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
So, you know, Girish, the construction spend obviously will improve going forward. So that will 
also depend on what kind of, you know, projects are going, at what stages they are. So those will 
vary a little bit. You know, but what we have said that over the year, the entire year, we will be 
able to generate INR9,000 crores of OCF, you know, with the INR25,000 -- INR24,000 crores 
of collection. 
 
Now, between that collection figure and OCF, there are several cost items like you know, 
construction spend, you know, other related outflows. Other related outflows, you know, there 
is a brokerage marketing spend, which are directly or indirectly dependent on the kind of sales 
launches what we do. So those will, you know, keep changing. But what we are confident is that 
if we are able to deliver that INR25,000 or INR24,000 crores of collection, we will be in a 
position to generate that INR9,000 crores of OCF. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Got it. If you could help us give a detailed breakdown of this other project-related outflow in 
terms of some of the key items, like, I mean, JV partner payments or let's say marketing? 
Rajendra Khetawat: 
I can summarize. I don't have the number of an item, but the other cost includes a lot of statutory 
taxes like GST, TDS, JV partners, outflow. Then the third is advertising and marketing spend, 
those, you know, and other overhead items. Maybe we can, you know, connect offline. Maybe 
Kshitij can give you the detailed breakup also, if required. You know, so those are the major 
items which goes into the other outflow. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Yeah. Sure, sure. That will be helpful. And second specific to the Hyderabad launch, the 
Brooklyn Avenue, I mean, the launch is -- number is around 2.66 million square feet, but sales 
you have achieved 2,60,000 square feet of sales. So if you could just clarify how much of the 
inventory was actually released for sale? Or is it because of the project being launched in the 
late of, late in the quarter? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I think we launched it almost, very frankly, towards the last week of the month and, you know, 
the team which is driving this was chasing a glorious number of becoming the best -- highest 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
quarterly number by any zone ever. So they wanted to push and we were -- left it to us, I would 
have pushed it to quarter 2. 
 
But the interesting thing is we've already crossed -- we did about, give or take, INR300-plus 
crores in quarter 1. And by now, we've crossed close to INR650 crores. And I think in the next 
few weeks, the endeavor is to hopefully cross between INR900 to INR1,100 crores, some sort 
of a number. 
 
So yeah, we just about, you know, the team wanting to push and achieve sort of -- like there's a 
healthy competition between different zones and this was a record that south business wanted to 
beat, and they actually now have this new record. So just small, I would say, snippet, but yes, 
the project is doing fantastic. 
Girish Choudhary: 
Got it, got it. That's helpful and thank you. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain with Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So last year, we saw, you know, you entering a number of 
new markets, Tier 2, Tier 2 cities, Tier 2 markets through plotted developments. Are you seeing 
-- should we look at FY27 also that you'll add a few more cities to your pipeline or deepen your 
presence in those markets? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Sure. I mean it is very opportunistic. We have a set of cities which we've defined a set of criteria 
from per capita income to infrastructure, policy environment, the quality of development profile 
that the city finds aspirational. So we've done a group of cities, and we have a team which is 
continuously scouting for opportunities. 
 
But, you know, to be very frank, this is still a very tough scale for as a business per se for us. It's 
not going to be more than 10% to 15% of top line. So yeah, we've expanded to many cities by 
now. We've gone to Nagpur, Indore, Faridabad, Kurukshetra and many more cities. And we've 
had stellar success, including sold-out projects by now. And yes, we could have a situation that 
maybe 2 to 3 projects, again, we could sign up in the next couple of months. 
 
But again, there is no desperation to essentially target a city and have to enter, because usually 
the thumb rule is that you get a booking value of INR500 crores to INR700 crores after one 
acquisition, but a very high PAT margin. So the criteria for us is that if the, if the margin profile 
is not super attractive, you know, we don't want to actually enter to a Tier 2 city. 
At the moment, there's a good pipeline, and won't be surprised that by the end of the year you'll 
see 2, 3 new cities getting added up, but that's not really something we are aggressively driven 
towards. 
Rahul Jain: 
Got it sir. Very clear. Thank you. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kunal Lakhan with CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the, on the revenue recognition bit that you have 
forecasted for '27, '28. Do you have any idea how much of this INR40,000 crores would come 
in '28? I'm just trying to work the, the math on, you know, the 20% ROE would be based on 
what revenue base? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. I think we've purposely just given it as an indication. And of course, exactly what revenue 
recognition happens is dependent on the percentage completion and some percentage completion 
will remain after OC on the exact levels of sales. So I think forecasting all of that can be a little 
bit complicated, but we've tried to Kunal give as much information as we can, if you look at the 
annexures in our presentation, which have a project-by-project breakdown of what is sold and 
so forth. 
So you should get a general, generally good sense. What I think we were trying to highlight is, 
because we've got questions on what will lead to this 20% ROE. So it's very clearly this set of 
projects reaching revenue recognition is what's going to very significantly increase both 
revenues, margins and therefore, reported earnings and, and ROE. 
So we just wanted to put out those list of projects to help the market get a better sense of where 
things stand. And, and, and, and obviously what that shows is that over the last 2 years, FY25 
and '26, the, the, the booking value of these projects that have reached revenue recognition is 
about INR17,000 crores. That's going up to INR40,000 crores, so almost 2.5x just the booking 
value recognition. 
But of course, in addition to that, there are other important things to keep in mind, such as the 
GPL share of those projects is moving from 70-odd percent to close to 90%. And we think these 
are projects that have been launched in a better part of the cycle, you know, outright ownership, 
so the margins of, of these should also be higher. So all of that hopefully should indicate why 
we're reasonably confident on getting to this 20% ROE next year. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Actually, I was just trying to get exactly the same number what you just said, right? I'm trying 
to get my head around that, what could be the margins on these INR40,000 crores like, could it 
be in the upward, upwards of 30% in terms of EBITDA margin or like in that 25% to 30% range? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes, I think we should assume the same. You know, we've guided to this PAT margin of 15%. 
Some projects will be above, some might be slightly below, but roughly that should be, I think, 
the assumption. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
But the work completion could be another percentage that will get multiplied. I'm assuming you 
were assuming 15% to INR40,000 crores, INR6,000 crores business in next year. But there will 
be some projects which could be fully completed. There could be some projects 80% and 90% 
work completion. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Yes. And of course, then there will be some associated overheads and other things that are not. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Understood, understood. And, you know, considering like the land prices also have gone up 
significantly over the last few years. The projects that we are currently underwriting, right, what 
kind of IRR or margin expectations do we build in? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
There's no change. We would hope in good markets to be able to deliver a bit better than those 
IRRs. And certainly some of these projects that's coming up for delivery will have better than 
20% IRRs. We're, we’re maintaining the expectation of 20% IRR, maintaining the expectation 
of 15% PAT. 
And as we said, we're in no, you know, burning urgency to do business development. We feel 
we have a very healthy portfolio across markets. So if we're not seeing land values aligned with 
that, we're, we’re happy to, you know, slow down temporarily. But recent evidence is we 
continue to find good opportunities. We're quite happy, for example, with the auction land we 
purchased in Noida in Q1 where, where, you know, the land value to expected booking value is 
well under 10%. So they, they continue to be, we feel, good opportunities. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
But, but say the INR20,000 crores to INR22,000 crores of operating cash flow that we are 
expecting over, over like next 7 quarters or so. Would you, would we focus more on like ramping 
up the business development or it will, or we’ll just kind of try to manage our debt levels in a 
way? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I, I think, Kunal, as I was trying to explain earlier, we want to hold these two things in balance. 
So it's very easy for us to say, let's just slow down business development. It's not going to hurt 
sales for the next couple of years and we can generate strong free cash flows and get to 0 debt 
or whatever it is. But we're not really seeing how that actually enhances the long-term value of 
the company and the long-term discounted value of our cash flow. 
So what we're trying to do is get that balance right. We clearly think there are problems with 
getting too leveraged and too aggressive on growth, which is why we've always tried to raise 
capital on the equity side if needed before. Now we're very clear that we want our OCF from 
next year onwards to fully cover business development. 
But at the same time, if we're able to do, you know, the INR39,000 crores sales we've guided for 
this year and grow that by close to 20% a year, that is also creating a very meaningful value 
pipeline for the, for the company. So we don't want to get, you know, as you’ve carried away 
with this. We only want to generate cash flow and are very happy to sacrifice growth. It's getting 
the balance right that will truly create value for the organization. 
I, I think going too aggressive on sales and discounting our net debt cap or the importance market 
is attributing to us getting to free cash flow positive is not, not, not a good idea, but nor is slowing 
down business development entirely, because that is bound to affect future IR sales, even if you 
do have a reasonable pipeline, we're obviously able now to launch almost every project we're 
adding within a year. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Again, we hope to show this year, given the INR42,000 crores business development last year, 
a very strong sales performance. I think we're, we’re quite keen to balance these 2. We think that 
means roughly free cash flow breakeven going forward for the rest of this year, and hopefully 
strongly free cash flow positive next year, while not sacrificing on the investments needed to 
generate continued strong growth. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Great, great. Thanks, thanks Pirojsha. Congrats on the great presales. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Thanks Kunal. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Akash Gupta from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Akash Gupta: 
Hello, am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes sir, you are audible. Please go ahead. 
Akash Gupta: 
Yes. Hi sir. Congratulations on a fantastic quarter. My first question is again on the 20% ROE 
number for FY28. I mean the 20% ROE would essentially imply like a INR35 billion to INR40 
billion of PAT versus INR18 billion in FY26. And similarly on the revenue side, this would 
imply like maybe INR300 billion of top line versus INR50 billion in FY26. This is with respect 
to the Slide 8, I wanted to discuss. So is, is this a valid assumption? 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
Well, we certainly think so. We wouldn’t have put it in the, sorry, you mean is, is your 
assumption valid? Not that particular is the claim valid. Yes, well, I think we are, we are, we are 
sticking to what we have put out. But, yes, obviously, 20% ROE, our net worth is already about 
INR20,000 crores. So obviously we have to have INR4,000 crores or more of PAT to, to, to get 
there. So that, that’s certainly correct. 
I think I won't comment for now on your, your revenue assumptions, etcetera, because there, of 
course, we will see what the margins are. But, yes, I think, but also this whole idea of putting 
out this list of projects was to try to create more confidence in what will get us there. So now, 
you know, if we deliver these projects versus our current understanding of where costs stand, 
what the revenue to be recognized is, that we will very much get to this. 
Now what are the risks to this, you could ask. Again, largely, they would be focused on project 
deliveries happening on time. A big part of this is slated for the second half of financial year '28. 
This industry is unfortunately, of course, notorious for delays of various kinds. 
Another risk is a significant part of this is in NCR, which, of course, has these NGT bans and 
other things. But all of that factored in, we're still confident that this will get delivered. And of 
course, after we've put this in the public domain repeatedly and, and commented on it. I think 
we're all extremely motivated to, to make sure there is no slippage and that it does in fact happen, 
and we'll leave no stone unturned to ensure it does happen. 
The other risk, of course, could be on any kind of extreme cost escalation. That to us seems very 
unlikely, even despite the kind of very difficult situation, global situation there has been over 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
the last quarter. We've not seen things get totally out of whack, as Gaurav was explaining earlier. 
So there are risks. We do have to execute well, but we feel those risks can be contained, and 
we're extremely focused on, on making sure we deliver this number. 
Akash Gupta: 
Understood. Thank you for that. And my second question is on the launch pipeline for the second 
quarter. I understand there's one in Gurugram and possibly Bandra might come. But what other 
projects are in the advanced stages of approval, which may be launched in 2Q? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Quite a few. You know, we're ranging from projects in Bombay. We have, you know, quite a 
few inventory left in Panvel. So we would like to add a new launch in Panvel. There is a launch 
which we anyways have just done in Hyderabad. From our definition, it is, it is going to be a 
launch, and we are seeing a very strong traction in Hyderabad for that. We are pushing one more 
launch in Bangalore. 
There is a launch we did in Noida and a few towers we will open up in Noida. A few launches 
planned up in West-East, which is a combination of Pune and even Ahmedabad. So I think we 
have, you know, a bunch of launches across markets. 
But as I, as I mentioned, apart from Bandra and GCR extension, as I mentioned that some of it 
will depend upon the approval progress and we'll take a view that which of these we would like 
to do within the quarter, which we would like to move, you know, outside this quarter to deliver 
a bigger number from those specific projects. But I mean fair to say, this quarter is going on the 
track of the overall trajectory we would want from this quarter. 
Akash Gupta: 
Understood. And, and sorry, if I may add just one more question. Just from a payment plans 
perspective, like what percentage of our new launch, for example, we are offering like payment 
plans which -- I mean, which versus the construction linked plan and how does that impact our 
cash flows? Just some thoughts on that, please? 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Sure. I, I think you mean to say what industry normally calls PLP, Possession Linked Payment 
plans. 
Akash Gupta: 
Yes. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
I mean we do pick up that to drive up dead inventory sales or projects which are just either 
getting OC or about to get OC. So to give you a sense, previous quarter, which is the quarter 
we're talking about, our Q1 sales on PLP bucket was very low, I think probably, if my memory 
serves me, 5.1%, of which I would say a bulk was in 2 projects which are seeing OC within the 
next 6 to 12 months. 
So technically, we tag it as a PLP, but it's not really PLP. And then there are, say, 3 units here, 
2 units here, you know, dead inventory across GPL that we sell. So give or take, you know, not 
more than 5%. 

 
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
There is a cumulative sales and project which is within the year, if I exclude that, maybe INR100 
crores, INR200 crores or maximum INR250-odd crores could be projects which are in different 
stages of construction, we would have wanted to liquidate, which is very, very small at our scale. 
So we are quite obsessed on quality of sales and cost of sales in an industry where cost of sales 
in our peer group can range from 5% to 10%. Even in Q1 we, our cost of sales is about 4%, 
thereabout. 
Akash Gupta: 
 
Understood sir. That’s all the question I have. Thank you so much. 
Gaurav Pandey:  
Thank you so much. 
Pirojsha Godrej:  
Thanks Akash. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Pirojsha Godrej: 
I hope we've been able to answer all your questions. If you have any further questions or would 
like any additional information, we'd be happy to be of assistance. On behalf of the management, 
thanks again for taking the time to join us today. 
Gaurav Pandey: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Godrej Properties, that concludes this conference. Thank you, 
everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
