 
 
 
 
 
 
TBO Tek Limited  
 
CIN: L74999DL2006PLC155233 
✉️ info@tbo.com |   +91 124 4998999 
 Registered Office Address: Unit No. 501, 5th Floor, Worldmark-4, Asset Area No. LP-IB-04, Gateway District, Aerocity,  
Near Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi – 110037 
 Corporate Office Address: Plot No. 728, Udyog Vihar Phase- V Gurgaon-122016 Haryana, India  
 
Your booking experience starts at www.tbo.com    
August 05, 2026 
 
BSE Limited  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
Dalal Street,  
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra, India  
 
Mumbai - 400 051, Maharashtra, India 
Scrip Code: 544174 
 
Symbol: TBOTEK 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investor Earnings Conference Call  
 
Ref: - Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am,  
 
In furtherance to our intimation dated July 22, 2026, and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing 
Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, July 
30, 2026, on the financial results of the Company for the quarter ended on June 30, 2026. 
 
This 
disclosure 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.tbo.com/engagement/investors/#StockExchangeSubmission  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
For and on behalf of TBO Tek Limite 
 
 
Neera Chandak  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above   
 
Digitally signed by NEERA CHANDAK
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, T=9317, Phone=
74a2e504f6076ef4a0771395e169d68ec6
fe5ecf1f403e993ddca2b040bf769b, 
PostalCode=201014, S=Uttar Pradesh, 
SERIALNUMBER=
231b3bb4812657f595408f563f07bfa8fbc
c0e761114bf2e14710f31518a9c21, CN=
NEERA CHANDAK
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2026.08.05 17:33:45+05'30'
Foxit PDF Editor Version: 13.2.5
NEERA 
CHAND
AK

 
 
Page 1 of 27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TBO Tek Limited  
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:      MR. ANKUSH NIJHAWAN - CO-FOUNDER AND JOINT MD 
                 MR. GAURAV BHATNAGAR - CO-FOUNDER AND JOINT MD 
                 MR. AKSHAT VERMA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR AND CTO 
      MR. VIKAS JAIN - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
      MR. PRAMENDRA TOMAR – GENERAL COUNSEL 
                      
 
 MR. SHRESHTH MAHAJAN, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR- INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR:          MS. AASHVI SHAH – ADFACTORS PR: INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 27 
Aashvi Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. This is Aashvi Shah from the Investor Relations 
team at Adfactors PR. On behalf of TBO Tek Limited, I would like to 
welcome you all to the Earnings Conference Call for Q1 FY27. 
 
Today on the call, we have with us from the management, Mr. Ankush 
Nijhawan – Co-Founder and Joint Managing Director, Mr. Gaurav 
Bhatnagar – Co-Founder and Joint Managing Director, Mr. Vikas Jain – 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Akshat Varma – Whole-Time Director and Chief 
Technology Officer, Mr. Pramendra Tomar – General Counsel, Mr. 
Shreshth Mahajan – Associate Director: Investor Relations. 
 
We will begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management 
followed by a Q&A session. Please note that certain statements made 
during this call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the 
actual results or projections to differ materially from those statements. 
TBO Tek will hold no responsibility for any such actions taken based on 
such statements and undertakes no obligations to publicly update these 
forward-looking statements. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Gaurav Bhatnagar for his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Thank you, Aashvi, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to our Q1 FY27 
Earnings Call. We uploaded our shareholder letter on our website 
yesterday and I hope all of you have had a chance to go through it. 
 
Before we jump into Q&A, we wanted to highlight a few salient features 
from this quarter: 
The first one, I think this was by far the toughest quarter for the company 
in the last two years. The increasing disturbances in the Middle East 
caused severe disruption in travel across the globe and the disruption 
expanded far beyond Middle East. Markets like India and Europe were also 
impacted because travel from East to West and West to East was disrupted 
because it is heavily reliant on the Middle East carriers. The airfares are 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 27 
also very high. In spite of that, the company has delivered growth both on 
top line and bottom line and we are very proud of it. 
 It has started to show the fact that the diversity of source markets that we 
operate in is a big factor in building resilience in our business model. Given 
that no one country or no one region heavily dominates, our top line helps 
us cushion effects like the ones that happened in the last quarter.  
A couple of other things that have helped us are that we were, as you all 
know, investing heavily into market development in Europe and that 
helped tremendously. Even in a very tough quarter, travel in Europe was 
generally impacted as well but we still delivered 24% YoY growth in 
Europe.  
The other thing that is helping the business, especially looking forward, 
depending on how long this crisis lasts, is the increasing saliency of North 
America. With the acquisition of Classic Vacations, North America is 
starting to be almost a quarter of our hotel GTV, which is substantial and 
we believe we will be able to create growth plans over there and that 
saliency will help us because that corridor, the North America-Europe 
corridor, is far more resilient compared to other travel corridors at this 
point in time. 
The final highlight purely on the numbers was that the Middle East, in spite 
of the massive crisis within the region, delivered flat numbers. It delivered 
1% growth in constant currency which is very commendable and full 
marks to our team for delivering that. So, net-net, our view is that the 
expanded investments that we made in retrospect were very timely 
because that helped us cushion a potential degrowth that could have 
happened in this quarter given our heavy reliance on the Middle East 
market, but Europe came through and the acquisition of Classic was also 
very timely because it has given us an entry into a much more resilient 
corridor. 
The second thing to highlight for this quarter is that operating leverage 
was quite visible. Our bottom-line EBITDA margins grew significantly 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 27 
faster than our GP or revenue margins. You all know we have been 
promising operating leverage, and it started to feel a bit mythical because 
Europe, we have been promising for some time. 
We were expecting to see it in Q4 but unfortunately the war broke out in 
that quarter. But we are happy with the fact that Q1, there is a clear 
demonstration of operating leverage and we expect, given that margins 
have expanded even on moderate top line growth given the war situation, 
our expectation is that as top line growth normalizes when things come 
back to normal, the bottom-line growth should accelerate further.  
The final point we want to highlight is that you would have observed that 
we have shared numbers in constant currency as well. This was feedback 
from some of you in the last call as well and secondly, this specific quarter 
was very unusual, and you would see numbers both in INR and in constant 
currency. There was almost an 11% gap in our hotel GTV when we looked 
at in constant currency versus INR and which is leading to significantly 
higher growth numbers if you looked at INR standalone. In the interest of 
transparency, we have started reporting numbers in constant currency as 
well. 
We should also highlight this was the first quarter when such a significant 
gap happened. For example, even last quarter when the rupee started to 
depreciate, there was only a 3% gap in hotel GTV in constant currency 
versus INR. So, we did not find it significant enough to report separately 
but given the steep depreciation that has happened on a YoY basis, we have 
started reporting numbers in constant currency as well. 
 
With that, we will take a pause and open for questions. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the Q&A session. I would request all 
participants to raise their virtual hands and introduce themselves and the 
firm they represent. The first question is from Mr. Karan Uppal. Karan, 
please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 27 
Karan Uppal: 
Thanks for the Opportunity. Congrats team on very strong execution yet 
again in a very tough quarter. So, all-round performance on top line as well 
as bottom line. Congrats on that. 
 
The first question is about the operating leverage. The EBITDA to GTV 
number in this quarter was at 1.3%, which was quite strong. The quarter 
got benefit from the classic seasonality and operating leverage in the 
organic business also. But going ahead do you believe that this on a 
consolidated basis EBITDA to GTV number at 1.3% is sustainable and 
hopefully grows from here as the revenue growth accelerates? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Karan, I think EBITDA to enterprise GTV is going to be a tricky number to 
track especially at this point for a few reasons. First one is that, and as you 
know, there is a fair bit of difference between the take rate of our airline 
business vis-a-vis our hotel's business. As airline business starts to show 
its own growth, that saliency can move a little bit which can have an 
impact because the GTV volumes on airline are very high. 
 
The second aspect is that given the crisis, you would have seen that the 
take rate in this quarter was slightly lower because of the fact that there 
is the regions were fighting for business in a tough environment and from 
a dollar value perspective, any growth would be accretive. But they will be 
selective places in such crisis situations where we do drop margin a little 
bit to win disproportionately more business. I think the right metric to 
continue to look at especially from an operating level perspective is GP to 
EBITDA conversion and that number should continue to improve. 
Karan Uppal: 
Gaurav, you are indicating 26% EBITDA to GP. That number should 
continue to improve from here on. Is that what you are saying?  
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
That is correct. 
Karan Uppal: 
Got It. Thanks for that. Secondly, in terms of Middle East, given the 
situation remains volatile, do you expect that to come back to growth 
anytime soon because last time you had mentioned that the cancellations 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 27 
were lower and then search volumes were also increasing? How are things 
on the ground currently? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Karan, the situation is extremely fluid, and the fact that the Middle East 
was flat is quite an achievement in all honesty given that is the eye of the 
crisis right now. It is also very hard at this point, we have given up on 
predicting what is going to happen because the situation literally changes 
every hour. You know the last 72 hours again some kind of escalation has 
happened and that is true just on the ground as well. There is a frequent 
change in behavior and mood on travel on the ground.  
 
I would really not hazard a guess on what is going to happen in the Middle 
East and when it comes back to growth. We are just thinking of that as 
optionality now that should that growth come in, that helps us accelerate 
bottom line growth even faster, but given where the situation is, it is very 
hard to back on it. 
Karan Uppal: 
We understand that. Ex of Middle East, Q2 is generally seasonally strong 
for TBO, but Classic, the positive seasonality will reverse in Q2? How 
should we think about the growth in rest of the markets like Europe, North 
America, and APAC from here on?  
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Look, I think YoY growth should be somewhat irrespective of seasonality 
because we are comparing year-on-year and then especially outside of 
Middle East. Middle East has dependency on when Ramadan falls and 
when Eid falls, but other than that rest of the regions have similar 
seasonality same period every year more or less. So, the YoY growth 
would look probably similar. 
 
You are right that from a QoQ perspective, this is a heavy season, heavy 
quarter for Classic. No doubt about it. So, obviously, from a QoQ 
perspective, that can have an impact, but beyond that outside of Middle 
East, we would expect nothing significant to change from a trajectory 
perspective assuming you know nothing adverse is happening in the 
world. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 27 
Karan Uppal: 
No, I was just thinking about, let's say, in this quarter, FIFA World Cup was 
there, next quarter European summer holidays would be there. So, are 
they impacting the overall growth trajectory for you? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
On a QoQ basis, Karan, historically, Q2 is bigger than Q1 and you would 
expect it to be same way and that is what we are really anchoring around 
that just like last quarter we said that let's aim for QoQ growth and YoY 
growth. We continue to aim for that. From that perspective, Q2 should be 
somewhat better than Q1 given that July, which is the heaviest travel 
month in the northern hemisphere, falls in Q2. 
Karan Uppal: 
Got It. Thanks a lot for answering my questions and I will fall back into the 
queue. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Karan. We will now move to Mr. Swapnil. Sir, please unmute 
yourself and go ahead with your question. 
Swapnil: 
Hi, everyone. Thanks for the opportunity and also thanks for taking the 
feedback and sharing the CC numbers this time around. So, my first 
question is about your growth numbers for the organic business. So, 15% 
YoY growth on a CC terms is great at a time when the Middle East is 
affected definitely. 
 
From your growth standpoint how do you model this from a go forward 
perspective assuming everything comes back to normal? How should we 
model this growth from a slightly medium-term perspective? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Swapnil, I think if we were to just look at where we were from a growth 
profile perspective in Q3 of last year which was last full quarter which was 
in some sense of normalcy, we would absolutely expect to get back to that 
when things get normal. The “when is a big when” and we really don't have 
an answer for it. I guess nobody does, but our expectation is that when 
things can get back to normal, business comes back to similar growth 
profile on the way we were growing at that point in time. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
Now whether this happens in this Q3 or Q4, very hard to say given what 
the situation is, but broadly, we don't expect a change in trajectory pre and 
post war at this point in time if anything, this is not a commitment at all, 
but if anything what we have seen is that post crisis, usually the players, 
the bigger players become bigger because of the fact that attrition usually 
happens in smaller and mid-sized players. 
Swapnil: 
Will it be fair to say, Gaurav, that most of this growth will be driven by 
Europe and APAC which this quarter did fantastically well for you given 
that a lot of your investments last year would have gone in these two 
markets? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, Swapnil, that is fair to say. Europe and APAC are leading the growth 
charter right now. We are also expecting to see reasonable growth like-
for-like basis in North America as well starting whenever October, 
November, December when it's a like-for-like comparison admittedly on 
a very large base in a very tough market, but we are looking for growth 
levers over there as well. 
Swapnil: 
The second question is with respect to your organic margins, this quarter 
around you delivered 1.5% EBITDA margin on GTV. Let's just assume 
things normalize and you start reporting 20% plus growth at the GTV level 
and possibly higher at a GP level. These margins can expand to around 
1.5% eventually. Is that the right way to look at it assuming your 
investment phase is behind and you don't need to meaningfully increase 
your SG&A cost here on? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Swapnil, internally, like I was mentioning, we have come down to starting 
to look at our numbers from a GP to EBITDA conversion because now we 
have three different types of GTVs which are very, very varying GP 
profiles. We have the air GTV which you know is like a 1% kind of GP 
profile, but on the other hand there is Classic which is 11% GP profile and 
then there is our organic business which is in the middle.  
 
 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 27 
For us it just becomes very hard to model by looking at GTV as blended 
GTV, but what we do know is and from at this point SG&A is unless we 
choose to and we will tell you if we choose to, if we choose to re-look at 
accelerating market development etc., our SG&A growth will be 
significantly slower than GP growth and hence those margins should 
expand meaningfully. 
Swapnil: 
How to look at the Classic Vacations margins? When I do the same math 
on Classic Vacations; the 3.4% margin is meaningfully higher versus the 
previous numbers that we have reported. Directionally, how should look 
at that business? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Swapnil, I think, directionally, we see, look, we acquired this business only 
six months ago and directionally not a whole lot has changed in it. You 
would be seeing higher numbers because this is a heavy check-in period, 
right? So, hence the EBITDA is historically highest in this quarter for 
Classic and hence those numbers will look higher, but nothing has 
materially changed either way in that business. 
Swapnil: 
On a full-year basis, one should build in around 2.5% margin. Will that be 
a fair assessment? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, I think that is a fair assessment.  
Swapnil: 
Just the last thing on your working capital side as well. There was some 
release this time around. I remember that there were some working 
capital investments last time. From a seasonality perspective, is this the 
way to look at, there will be some quarters where you will need some 
investments in working capital, some quarters where you will have some 
these releases, or should it ideally be a meaningfully negative working 
capital each quarter? I am just trying to triangulate those things. 
Vikas Jain: 
Swapnil, working capital does have a seasonality impact and to give an 
example like in the last quarter we have explained some of those items 
were more seasonality or I would say driven through how the business 
works. For example, the performance linked incentives etc., they get 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 27 
accrued from the hotels or the airlines suppliers etc., over the year. Either 
they would be on the Jan to December calendar or April to March.  
 
So, generally those accruals would be more or less highest at the time of 
margin, but those accruals get released, the payment gets released during 
the first half of the next year. Similarly, at times because of the supplier 
mix etc., as well some changes happen in the supplier mix and because 
there are different payable days for different suppliers, that may also 
impact on the working capital movement. 
Swapnil: 
Just a related question to that. What would our net cash position be right 
now? I understand that there is some borrowing that we have for the 
Classic Vacations business. So, net of that? 
Vikas Jain: 
We have reported Rs. 1,980 plus crore as the cash in bank and we have 70 
million USD of loan as well as 6 million euro of a working capital loan for 
Jumbo. 
Swapnil: 
Got it, Vikas. 
Aashvi Shah: 
We will now move on to Mr. Kavish. Kavish, please unmute yourself and 
go ahead with your question. 
Kavish: 
Hi Team, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the great set 
of numbers. My first question pertains to India Airlines. Just trying to 
understand a bit more on this 15% percent GTV growth this quarter on 
the back of volumes shifting to East Asian carriers. Does this mean our 
market share is far higher with East Asian Airlines versus other 
geographies and overall airlines grew 20% in Q3 and Q4 FY26? That was 
17% this quarter. What was driving the momentum in H2 FY26 if this 
quarter’s strength was attributed to this volume shift that we have spoken 
about in the shareholders’ letter? 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Kavish, very difficult to say that because of the Far East Airlines picking up 
the share. I think a lot of people are also flying on European Airlines, but I 
think we kind of are proactive in grabbing the business and I think we did 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 27 
some right things in terms of our customer service, and I think the camps 
were very aggressive, picking up this business. So, nothing to do with the 
shift of Far East etc., but I think overall it paired up well and that 15% 
growth what we are showing you is something which I think was 
commendable keeping in mind the situation we were in. So, kudos to the 
team for the same. 
Kavish: 
Got It. On Classic, we have mentioned that bulk of integration of Classic 
will be completed by Q3 FY27. Earlier of course we have spoken about the 
steps that we have taken to integrate and start cross-selling with Classic, 
but what levers are yet to start contributing to the business and what kind 
of impact would you envisage led by re-spending levers? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Kavish, basically it is a three-pronged strategy, and it is quite 
straightforward. One is that we are expanding our feet on street sales team 
in North America both in the Classic as well as the TBO North America 
business because it is a very large geo and very distributed and a very 
large travel advisor base over there. So, that is the first step and this 
mostly happened. We have already upped our hiring and most of the 
hiring is completed. 
                                           The second priority is integrating and automating several Classic Vacations 
back-office and customer-service experiences. For example, we are 
implementing our enterprise CRM in Classic Vacations. These initiatives 
are underway and will help improve service quality, make performance 
more measurable, and increase efficiency. 
 
The third is platform integration, which is the big one and which we are 
likely to finish by CY end of this current calendar year. This is what will 
allow one seamless integration of the TBO platform into the Classic 
ecosystem and secondly a more seamless selling and buying between the 
two platforms. While we have already integrated one way where TBO 
supply is now powering a fair bit of Classic supply, the vice versa cannot 
happen unless the platforms migrate. So, that is the other upside that we 
will see once this platform migration is completed. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 27 
Kavish: 
Is it fair to assume that most of the cost synergies are in the numbers 
already or cost impacts are in the numbers already and revenue bit will 
see some pickup going ahead. Would that be a fair conclusion?  
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, I think that is a fair conclusion. Got It. Thank you so much. All the very 
Best. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Kavish. We will take the next question from Mr. Manish. Sir, 
please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
Manish Adukia: 
Hi Good Afternoon and thanks for taking my question. This is Manish 
Adukia from Goldman Sachs. Firstly, congratulations again on a fantastic 
set of numbers across the board. I had a couple of questions. The first one 
was just maybe a little bit more or delving deeper into just the modeling 
bit, as we think about full integration of Classic and starting December 
quarter, they will fully be in your base. When I look at, let's say, your GP 
growth, there are maybe two opposing forces as we approach the 
December quarter. One is, let's assume that Middle East and Europe 
maybe normalize a bit more. So, that should be a tailwind to growth. But 
then on the other hand, you have Classic, which will start forming a part 
of your organic growth. Because at least for the quarters, we don't have 
some visibility of how the seasonality there plays out. How should we 
think about your overall GP growth once Classic fully comes into the base? 
 
At this point in time, you are growing at about mid-teens or mid to high 
teens on organic basis. But because Classic is one quarter of your overall 
GP, is it safe to assume that from December quarter, overall company level 
GP could see a bit of deceleration despite Middle East coming back? Or is 
that maybe a bit of a premature assumption? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Manish, I think you are right. There are two opposing forces playing right 
now. I think the first thing to acknowledge is that for Classic, which is a 
business that we have just recently acquired, it will be a period before we 
get Classic standalone. I am not saying North America as a whole, but 
Classic standalone to start delivering enterprise level growth. I think we 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 27 
will have to find those levers. We are confident we will find them, but that 
is definitely a few quarters away. 
 
On the other hand, if you remember when we presented our Q4 numbers, 
we shown the organic growth in Jan and Feb before this war broke out. 
That growth was far higher than 15%. That is historical and that probably 
we are trending at. 
 
Those are the two opposing forces that we need to blend for. I don't have 
an answer for you that what will that blend will look like. But wishfully 
thinking, if things were to normalize back, I think we did not enjoy the full 
benefit of the investment we made last year. Well, we enjoyed it in the 
sense that the market was disrupted, and we still managed to grow. But 
had the market not disrupted, we were expecting just absolute bumper 
growth in Q4 and Q1.  
 
Now, how soon normalization happen? Does it happen in one quarter? Are 
we able to see similar growth numbers at Jan Feb? Then, we are not 
concerned at all. But we also know that the ground realities of the Middle 
East are very unpredictable right now. But we are also three, four months 
away from that quarter. So, very hard to predict, Manish. But we remain 
optimistic that between the blend of what we are expecting to do in North 
America versus where our organic growth was starting to normalize at a 
new normal, if that comes back, we should still remain fairly healthy. 
Manish Adukia: 
Very helpful, Gaurav. Thank you so much. Just a follow on question. Firstly, 
on the two regions which were discussed earlier in the question as well, 
which is APAC and Europe, which continues to do really well organic basis, 
30% plus growth to 15% in APAC, and part of it you alluded to were a 
function of your timely investments which have helped you get this level 
of growth.  
 
Would you be able to provide any color as to the investment that you have 
already made? For what duration would you be able to reap the benefits 
of those investments before you may need to undertake another new 
investment cycle? What I am going to get at is, for how long do you think 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 27 
these APAC and Europe growth could sustain before you maybe need to 
undertake a new round of investments? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
It is a tricky question to answer, Manish. But let me just share that overall, 
a key account manager will show at least four to six quarters of increasing 
growth before they start to exhaust whatever they could have gathered 
within their region. With the caveat that this varies a lot, especially in 
terms of how much revenue you get per camp varies depending on the 
source market. 
 
Germany would look very different from Italy, would look very different 
from Philippines, Indonesia, and so on. But this is sticky, right? So, one of 
the premises that we work with is that once you bring a customer in, they 
organically grow plus your sales guy does bring in more business as well 
and which is where the operating leverage happens. 
 
So, it should not be so time sensitive that you need investment every three 
or six months to drive another three or six months of growth. It is more 
than that. We don't have any early signs right now, especially because 
signals are disrupted because of the crisis. But we don't have any early 
signs that we would start to see slowing growth because the investment 
just started to kind of already mature. 
Manish Adukia: 
Very clear. My next question was on Classic again. It's been early or it's not 
been even a year since you have completed the acquisition. But from a 
marker's perspective, what will give you comfort that your Classic 
Vacations acquisition is moving in the right direction and is allowing you 
to get a foothold in the largest travel geography, which is North America? 
What might it take for you to really realize the full potential of that 
market? I know it is a very subjective 20,000 feet view question, but any 
color maybe you can provide, that will be helpful. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Manish, the first realization for us and which is really a revelation for us is 
how large the North America market is, especially when it comes to luxury 
outbound travel. I am not on exact numbers, but probably North America 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 27 
alone contributes more to luxury travel than the rest of the world 
combined. So, that is just the scale of that market.  
 
The other bit that we have come across we have started to realize is how 
large the travel advisor base is in North America and how large that 
opportunity is and how large some of the players are who are operating 
this space. If you look at a consortium like Virtuoso and Travel Leaders, 
they top up North America because they aggregate travel, they are not 
merchant of record, but they aggregate travel demand to travel agencies. 
Both those report more than say $25 billion each of GTV that flows 
through their consortia, their networks, right? These are just two. So, that 
is the size of the market is immense. 
 
For us, the core market is North America on the whole growing for us or 
not, right? That is really where we want to get to, that if this is the market 
that we are operating in, which is that large, we should over a course of, 
and this is, look, I think we will be realistic. These are very developed and 
mature markets. They take time to break through. You would say Europe, 
we have been trying for almost five or six years before we reached where 
we did. But hopefully it will be not that long in North America, but several 
quarters through. 
 
If we are able to find enterprise level growth in North America, then that 
is a big win for us because what we know is that that kind of top line 
growth in North America will drive a far larger bottom line in that market. 
Manish Adukia: 
Thank you so much, Gaurav and team. Really appreciate your responses. 
All the best. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Manish. We will take the next question from Mr. Prateek 
Kumar. Sir, please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Good evening. Congrats on good results. My question is on investments. 
The company went through heavy investment cycle for two years and 
which is now concluded. How should we understand in terms of 
investments? While you said that there is no rule there, probably how 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 16 of 27 
soon your investments’ benefit gets exhausted. But that should be like for 
our modeling purpose, that should reflect in our peak EBITDA to gross 
profit at some stage. Like what is that EBITDA to gross profit you kind of 
see for a company on a total basis? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Prateek, two things I will focus on. First is that the quantum of 
investments, because the nature of investment in our business is an 
investment in a sales force, right, which is really hiring people. So, the 
quantum of investment as a percentage of your GP will continue to shrink 
even if your investment is at the same levels as before and right now we 
are not. 
 
But even if you do invest at the same levels as before, because we are at a 
higher GP and there is a higher cash generation happening in the business, 
the quantum of investment doesn't correlate with the size of the business. 
It kind of remains the same while the GP grows. So, that will fundamentally 
mean that even when the investment cycle comes back, we should still be 
able to continue to grow our margins.   
                                             Now on where those margins can land, Prateek is very hard to comment 
on because we don't want to give any guidance on that because several 
things are in play right now. One of those is that there is a whole thesis we 
still need to form on what AI does to efficiencies and the jury is still out on 
it.  
 
The second bit, is that what happens in the Middle East in the medium to 
long run, right? If this is a crisis which becomes something like Russia-
Ukraine, then you will have to go back, look at it and say, “Look, we need 
to find other levers of growth” and maybe there is an investment cycle 
because of it.  
 
The flip side is that if Middle East starts to normalize in the next couple of 
quarters, then we will be generating significantly more cash and hence an 
investment can still be absorbed while continuing to grow the EBITDA 
margins. If you wanted to look at where steady-state businesses which are 
scaled up, say hotel beds or web travel kind of businesses, those 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 17 of 27 
businesses are starting to normalize anywhere between 45% to 60% 
EBITDA margins, which we are not at all. I just want to be very clear; we 
are not at all anchoring towards in any short to medium term. But 
platform level dynamics should play out and if we choose to optimize, 
there is a significant runway for improving those margins from where 
they are today. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Of course, improvement in margin is great. You are not focusing too much 
on margin versus growth. The question is like flipped versus what we used 
to ask earlier.  
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Sorry Prateek your voice broke, so we couldn’t really understand the 
question.  
Prateek Kumar: 
My question was, so while we are kind of encouraged with your margin 
improvement, what we have seen in like the past two quarters, but are we 
not like focusing too much on margin versus growth, right? We will be like 
kind of optimizing growth versus margin and incrementally focusing on 
growth, which is like upwards of 20% and plus margin expansion, which 
is like kind of implication there. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Absolutely, Prateek, there is no change in that strategy.  
Prateek Kumar: 
Coming on to the AI question, which you mentioned earlier. What is the 
Capex and Opex intensity in AI investments like VOYA rollout and where 
do they sit? Are there any measurable improvement in agent productivity 
from that? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Prateek, there are three broad initiatives happening right now. One is on 
CX productivity, second is on sales productivity and third is VOYA, which 
is our AI itinerary tool. VOYA remains very much experimental at this 
point in time. I mean, look, we have seen a few bookings happen through 
it, but nothing that is going to impact on your top line. Having said that, 
the Capex on it is also very minimal right now, which is probably sitting in 
Capex, but yes, it is in intangibles. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 18 of 27 
Vikas Jain: 
It is all in-house. So, it is all done through the tech team, which is all in-
house team. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
It is a lean team as is the modern AI native projects. So, it is not impacting 
on our cost structures in any way at this point, but it is creating optionality 
on the other side. CX is where we have seen a significant improvement in 
productivity. The metric that we are trying to drive, and I don't have 
numbers for you today, but the metric we are obviously trying to drive is 
what percentage of GP do we spend on CX today? Can that number start to 
come down because that again is a lever for margin expansion.  
 
There we have made significant inroads. Some of them are actually 
translating, though we have not reported any of it yet, but some of it is 
actually translating into efficiency gains on the P&L, but it is a journey.  
 
The other way place where we are actually investing is creating, in our 
CRM, creating a very interesting AI layer, which allows us to start doing 
things, which allow our sales teams to know which travel agencies to go 
to basis signals, which we are collecting from across the enterprise, basis 
which are promising leads, which are at-risk travel agencies, which are 
travel agencies which are healthy. So, that is a project that is happening. 
The key there is that, can that increase number of active agents per key 
account manager? Very early days on it, this is like a launch that happened 
a few weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago. So, I don't have any early results 
on it and I can't even say that this is a successful project yet, but we are 
very hopeful on this project and there is significant amount of engineering 
effort has gone into building this out. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Sure. The third question is on your competition. How do you think 
competition would have done in markets like Asia, PAC and Europe, where 
you have done strongest post your investments? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Prateek, hard to say, but we have clearly taken share because it is hard to 
imagine that these markets could have grown at this level at all. In fact, 
they won't have grown at all, but we have high double-digit growth. So, we 
must have taken share. I believe some of our peers would be releasing or 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 19 of 27 
have released the results in the last couple of days. So that may give some 
indication, but we haven't studied yet. But yes, we are clearly taking share 
because now, there isn't any organic growth in the market. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Next on your constant currency numbers, great disclosures on every line 
item. Will you be like sort of giving this data every quarter from here on, 
like including region wise, GP, impact and all the data which you have 
given, which I think is like over disclosure, frankly, but would you be like 
kind of disclosing this in later quarters also? 
Vikas Jain: 
Prateek, directionally, yes. As Gaurav pointed out in the initial comments 
as well, we had seen a wild fluctuation in this quarter. That is the reason 
we wanted to transparently show the numbers in the constant currency 
so that, we have the real picture of the numbers. So directionally, yes, we 
would tend to show the numbers in the coming quarters as well. Wherever 
it feels that it is over disclosure, we can look at it and see whether that 
makes sense or not. But Ya, directionally Yes. 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
I think there was a lot of compelling advice for us to give our region 
breakup for the last two quarters, I think we have been giving. I think that 
is something we will continue with as well. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Lastly, this hosting and bandwidth expense fell like 14% this quarter. Any 
specific reason there? 
Akshat Verma: 
This is something we also discussed some time back. We had made 
significant investments in terms of technical investments to make sure 
that we optimize our traffic. Also, on the infrastructure, we essentially try 
to move away from expensive solutions, infrastructure solutions to 
solutions that we manage ourselves to essentially bring that cost down. 
So, that is the new baseline that we can assume from now on. 
Prateek Kumar: 
Thank you. These were all my questions. All the Best.  
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Prateek. We will take the next question from Mr. Chirag. Please 
unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 20 of 27 
Chirag: 
Hello. I have two questions. If I look at your gross margin, it is down 
sequentially and as well as one YoY. Is it due to the increase in the 
contribution from plastic and fast foot to the retail is a little bit on the 
higher side? That is why we see this number as a percentage of revenue 
sequentially down. Secondly, regarding the operating leverage which we 
witnessed during the quarter in terms of margin expansion, should we 
expect it to continue? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
I think the first one is a mixed change, right? Because of revenue to GP. 
Vikas Jain: 
Chirag, if your question is on revenue to GP margin on sequential basis, it 
is you are saying down basically that as you mentioned, that is primarily 
because for Classic, it is a big season and that is kind of driving down. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
That is a saliency and Chirag, on your other question on operating leverage 
in the short to medium term, especially, as the top line grows, for example, 
we expect historically Q2 to be bigger than Q1 on top line. So, we should 
definitely see a little bit of other margin expansion in Q2. 
Chirag: 
So, this run rate of margin will continue throughout the year, right? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
No. I think, because our business has seasonality, it will go both ways, 
right? for example, Q3 historically is less than Q2. So, you will again see a 
dip in margin just because the fact that revenue would be lesser given that 
seasonality is not there. 
Chirag: 
Once the integration of Classic will complete, should we expect after that 
subsequent quarter a meaningful improvement or will it take some time? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Sorry, I didn't understand the question. 
Chirag: 
Once the integration of Classic will complete, during this year, should we 
expect this outperform, operating leverage will continue to play out after 
the quarter? 
 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes, Chirag, I think there is, because Classic is a similar platform kind of 
business with the fixed cost. You would expect any growth, any top-line 
growth in Classic will also lead to operating leverage and margin 
expansion. 
Shreshth Mahajan: 
So, in fact, if you look at the current quarter itself, you will see some 
margin expansion in Classic. Because of the seasonality, the GP was higher 
and the costs were what they were. So, the flow through was better in 
Classic as well. 
Chirag: 
From seasonality point of view, Q1 and Q2 is a little better for Classic. Is 
that understanding, correct? 
Vikas Jain: 
Q1 is the highest. Q2 would be the lowest because in Classic as we 
mentioned that it is on the check-in basis. Thank You. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Chirag. We will take the next question from Mr. Samarth. 
Samarth, please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
Samarth: 
I had 2-3 questions. Firstly, if I just look at the organic SG&A growth, right, 
that was around 4% on a YoY basis in a constant currency term. Is that the 
kind of run rate that we should carry into the rest of FY27? That is the first 
question. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Samarth, I think it will expand a little bit from here in the short term. One, 
because it is also increments season in Q2. Secondly, as business recovers, 
there will be opportunities for us to opportunistically do a little bit of more 
market development exercise. I would say that it will be range bound, but 
it may be the SG&A growth may slightly increase, but not at the pace of top 
line. 
Shreshth Mahajan: 
Some elements of SG&A like payment gateway costs, etc., that are also 
linked to the top line. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Yes. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 22 of 27 
Samarth: 
Very helpful. The second question is, if I look at the organic hotels and 
ancillary gross profit as a percentage of GTV, that came down by around 
30 bps. Can you just help me with 30 bps between, let's say, lower saliency 
coming from Middle East, and our calibrated decision to protect the 
volumes? Any rough ideas that you can provide? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
It is very hard to do a breakup of this. But absolutely, we have fought for 
business in this quarter, with the view that we don't want to lose money 
on it. But because we are an operating leverage fixed cost business, it 
sometimes does make sense in a tough situation to lower your margins 
and take top line share. We have done that. It is impossible to say what 
happened because of saliency and what happened because of just 
dropping margins. Because both have happened, right? Middle East, being 
at 1% growth in this market, is also because we drop margins there, but it 
is also historically a higher margin market. 
Samarth: 
Understood. Now, my last question is, if I just look at the intercompany 
elimination on TBO sales to Classic, that was around INR 65 crores, 
thereabout. So, is that the right proxy for the cross-sell today? Where do 
you expect that number to stabilize when the entire integration 
completes, which is, let's say, end of the year, as you are indicating? 
Vikas Jain: 
Yes, the numbers that you saw is that the sales which is currently being 
made by TBO to Classic per se. As we are expanding our reach and try to 
optimize on the inventory which would be selling from the TBO platform 
to Classic, we obviously look forward to increasing that share. We have 
seen the early shoots in the last quarter, and we hope that that number 
will keep on increasing from here. 
Samarth: 
Just follow up on that question is, I mean, there would also be some selling 
that would be happening from Classic to TBO, right?  
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
That has not started yet, as I mentioned that that requires us to first 
migrate and integrate the platforms. That will start showing up on the 
platform migration and happen probably early next year. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 23 of 27 
Samarth: 
That was very helpful. Thanks again for providing me with the 
opportunity and congrats on good set of numbers. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Samarth. We will take the next question from Mr. Divyansh. 
Please unmute yourself, introduce the firm you represent and go ahead 
with your question. 
Divyansh: 
Hi, team. This is Divyansh from Latent PMS. The first question, I think you 
mentioned during discussion, are you seeing players vacating or shutting 
shop in the Middle East market because of all the events that are 
happening? If yes, then the second question is how easy or difficult is it for 
them to, let's say, go active again? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Divyansh, at this point, I think inbound into Middle East is most impacted. 
As you know, our business is more anchored around outbound. So, I would 
say there isn't massive attrition in our, say, what you will call our direct 
competitors or peers. But what is under serious stress is inbound 
businesses, which depend on travelers coming into Middle East. I think 
there we have serious stress and hopefully, situation will revive soon. 
Otherwise, we will see attrition over there. 
Divyansh: 
But does that imply that for, you are saying inbound guys are struggling. 
But these inbound guys will also be, let's say, enabling people to move 
from, let's say, Middle East to Europe for travel. 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
No, I think that is a different ecosystem, right? The inbound is more like 
DMCs and hotels and providers of other services coming into Middle East, 
which is somewhat distinct. There is some overlap, but somewhat distinct 
from the outbound ecosystem, which is players like us who sell the world 
to people traveling from Middle East. 
Divyansh: 
The second question is when, let's say, I am a traveler and I go to a TBO 
agent and he helps me book a place which is sourced by Classic, which is, 
let's say, Rs. 64 crores of business that we have highlighted, right?  

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 24 of 27 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Divyansh, the Rs. 64 crores you have highlighted is the reverse where TBO 
Inventory is selling on Classic. 
Divyansh: 
TBO Inventory is selling on Classic. So, then maybe change in question. 
Given that TBO has a lower take rate and everything, how does the P&L 
recognition happen between Classic and TBO? Because while there is a 
consol basis, but you will net it off, but we report different take rates, GP 
and everything. 
Vikas Jain: 
We follow arm's length pricing between whatever the intercompany sales 
are happening. While the GTV gets eliminated, but from the transfer 
pricing perspective, we keep the required margin, which is required to be 
kept by the selling entity. There would be some margins which would be 
booked in the TBO Dubai entity. The revenue which is generated by the 
Classic entity is getting booked in the legal entity level at the Classic level. 
Divyansh: 
Just the last question. In the opening comments, we mentioned that 
typically the currency depreciation impact is, let's say, or I think the 
number mentioned was 3% and this time it is 11%. So, it is just purely 
driven by the volatility of the currency or was there a, let's say, 
opportunistic benefit or change in policy which led to such a big 
difference? 
Vikas Jain: 
No, this is primarily what Gaurav mentioned in the opening comment that 
in the Q1 of this current quarter FY27 versus FY26 last year same quarter, 
when we translate the GTV of hotels business in the currency form in the 
last year numbers, there was an 11% growth coming just because of the 
currency translation. The3% was the Q1 FY26 versus Q1 FY25. So, what 
we are highlighting is that this quarter is impacted too much by currency 
fluctuations and that is why we want to transparently present the constant 
currency numbers. 
Divyansh: 
No, no, my question is a bit different. I am saying was there a change in 
policy? 
Vikas Jain: 
There is no change in the policy. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 25 of 27 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Nothing. It is just that Rupee has depreciated. 
Vikas Jain: 
Yes. 
Divyansh: 
Understood. Got It. That's it. 
Aashvi Shah: 
We will take the next question from Mr. Shaurya. Shaurya, please unmute 
yourself, introduce the firm you represent and go ahead with your 
question. 
Shaurya: 
Hi, Shaurya here from GrowthSphere Ventures. Just have one question 
from my side. Beyond the agent facing AI tool, could you walk us through 
how AI is specifically being applied on the supply side, particularly the 
contract rate negotiation with hotel and airlines and inventory loading 
etc? Because if you see the hotel supply chain below Tier 1 markets 
globally are highly fragmented and traditionally it requires large manual 
management team, on ground team for the hotel name and listing etc. So, 
as we say AI adoption in the travel and tourism sector across the whole 
ecosystem, not just the TBO but also the supplier and competitors, how 
much structural leverage do you think that TBO can capture from the 
usage of AI? 
 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
See, Shaurya, I think on the specific thing that you mentioned contracting 
long tail through AI led negotiations is not a big focus area for us to be 
honest. Because a lot of our contracts is either with chains or with large 
luxury hotels because that is really where we operate. Also, for long chain, 
the whole hotel distribution ecosystem has significantly created an 
ecosystem of channel managers and aggregators who do this for you in a 
way. To be very fair, this isn't an area of focus for us now. 
Shaurya: 
Ya, Thank You. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thanks, Shaurya. We will take a follow-up question from Mr. Karan. Karan 
please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 26 of 27 
Karan Uppal: 
Ya , thanks for the opportunity again. Just wanted to check the split of the 
GTV in retail versus the B2B side of things, the API business, how is the 
split in this quarter?  
Vikas Jain: 
GTV numbers would broadly be between 50-50 only as the last quarter.  
Karan Uppal: 
Just feedback if we can share further details on the B2B side of the 
business or the API business given that 50% of the GTV is derived from 
API and last time also we had mentioned that the growth was mainly led 
by this API partnership. So, if we can share some further details around 
how we should know the trends are moving in that part of the business, 
that would be very helpful for me. 
Vikas Jain: 
We will see what best we can do from the disclosure perspective. 
Karan Uppal: 
Sure. Thank You. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Karan. We will take the last question from Mr. Kavish. Kavish, 
please unmute yourself and go ahead with your question. 
Kavish: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Sir, in the context of AI, we would appreciate 
your perspective on how the broader travel ecosystem is evolving? While 
there had been concerns that AI could potentially disrupt business models 
across the value chain, an alternate view is that the impact may be more 
pronounced for OTAs while travel aggregators and B2B players like TBO 
could remain relatively insulated or even benefit from that shift. How do 
you assess the likely impact of AI across different participants in the 
ecosystem and are there any recent industry developments or trends that 
you believe are relevant here? 
Gaurav Bhatnagar: 
Kavish, I think you are right. There has been a fair bit of speculation on 
how the AI business models evolve and then who do they impact. What 
has happened in the last couple of quarters, I guess, is that both Anthropic 
and OpenAI haven't really tried to create a transaction or a payment 
framework within their apps which basically means that there isn't a 

                                                                                                  TBO Tek Limited 
July 30, 2026 
 
 
Page 27 of 27 
significantly easier way to make a booking via an agentic interface vis-a-
vis just going on the website of an OTA. 
 
On the other hand, OTAs have started to participate through MCPs within 
these channels, but I don't think anybody has indicated or disclosed any 
numbers to say that there is a meaningful conversion happening through 
those channels. As of now, it just feels like a status quo. There was a fair 
bit of trepidation and concern maybe two quarters ago. At this point, it 
does feel like priorities have shifted for the Frontier Labs to not so much 
focus on say; cannibalizing OTA businesses or anybody else rather than 
focusing on other more enterprise use cases, I guess.  
 
From our perspective, we continue to experiment with all of it. We are 
keeping track of what is happening in the ecosystem. We are 
experimenting with the similar MCP infrastructures and travel and 
itinerary planning tools, but it will be fair to say that, I think, most of the 
predictable gains in the business are really going to get driven by what we 
have already talked about like the implementing CX in AI and in sales 
effectiveness. 
Kavish: 
Understood and pretty interesting. Got It. That's it from my side. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you, Kavish. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Ankush. Sir, please 
go ahead with the closing remarks. 
Ankush Nijhawan: 
Thank you everyone for joining the call today and truly appreciate your 
time and any further follow-up questions, please feel free to reach any one 
of us and look forward to seeing you in our next earnings for Q2. Thank 
you. 
Aashvi Shah: 
Thank you everyone. You can now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain 
transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
