 
 
 
Ref. No.: GTPL/SE/2026 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 540602 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),   
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
Trading Symbol: GTPL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Post Results Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Post Results Conference Call on Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, 
held on July 16, 2026, is available on the Company’s website at  
 
https://webapi.gtpl.net/WebSiteImages/InvestorRelation/Financial_Results/2026-
2027/Q1/GTPL%20Hathway%20Ltd%20-%20Q1FY27%20Earnings%20call%20-
%20Transcript.pdf 
 
The said transcript is also enclosed herewith. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
 
 
Shweta Sultania  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
SHWETA 
SULTANIA
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA SULTANIA 
Date: 2026.07.21 
16:51:36 +05'30'

 
 
 
“GTPL Hathway Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 16, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIRUDHSINH JADEJA – PROMOTER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR LIMITED – GTPL HATHWAY 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PIYUSH PANKAJ – BUSINESS HEAD B2B CATV 
BROADBAND AND CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER – GTPL 
HATHWAY LIMITED 
 
MR. SAURAV BANERJEE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ARYAN TRIPATHI – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES LIMITED 
 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the GTPL Hathway Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Tripathi from Emkay Global Financial Services 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Aryan Tripathi: 
Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome the management and thank them for this 
opportunity. We have with us today Mr. Anirudhsinh Jadeja, Promoter and Managing Director; 
Mr. Piyush Pankaj, Business Head, B2B, CATV and Broadband and Chief Strategy Officer; 
and Mr. Saurav Banerjee, Chief Financial Officer. I shall hand over the call to the management 
for the opening remarks. Over to you, gentlemen. 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you. Welcome to the call of GTPL Hathway Limited to discuss financial performance 
of the first quarter of FY '27. As the country's largest MSO, we continue to take initiatives to 
further strengthen our presence across the Digital TV and Broadband businesses. We 
appointed Mr. Vivek Raina as our new Broadband business CEO to have a focused approach 
and lead growth in B2B and B2C segments.  
Both our Digital TV and Broadband businesses continue to demonstrate resilience and 
consistent operating performances. With the launch of GTPL Infinity, our HITS platform in 
FY '26, the recent acquisition and the recent acquisition of the ACT Group's Digital Television 
business, we are strengthening our platform for future growth and enhancing our ability to 
scale efficiently across key markets. The further details of the acquisition will be shared by 
Piyush Pankaj. Thank you.  
Now I hand over the call to Piyush Pankaj, who will take you through the KPIs for Digital TV 
and Broadband segments. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thanks, Mr. Jadeja. Good evening, everyone. Let me begin with giving you all an overview of 
the key highlights of this quarter. GTPL Hathway entered into a business transfer agreement to 
acquire the digital business of 7 ACT Group companies for an aggregate cash consideration of 
INR 36.23 crores and which is expected to get completed by 15th September 2026.  
The transaction is expected to add approximately 6 lakh Digital TV subscribers across Andhra 
Pradesh, Telangana, Odisha and Karnataka market, thereby strengthening our presence in key 
Southern and Eastern markets and supporting our strategy of expanding the Digital TV 
business through both organic and inorganic growth.  
This acquisition will give us leadership position in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, which will 
help us to trigger the synergic benefits for revenue consolidation and cost optimization. We are 
pleased to report that we entered two new strategic markets in quarter 1 FY '27, namely State 
of Kerala and Jammu and Kashmir.  

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
By entering the Kerala State, we have expanded our presence in all southern markets. Now the 
KPIs for our Digital TV and Broadband business are as follows: First, Digital TV segment. 
Our Digital TV subscriber base as on 30th June 2026 stood at 9.60 million. Among the total 
subscriber base, paying subscribers stood at 8.9 million.  
The total business partners count now stands at more than 51,000 and they remain instrumental 
in fuelling our nationwide expansion journey. In the Broadband business, active subscriber 
base at the end of the quarter stood at 1,060K, 1.06 million, adding 10,000 new subscribers on 
a Y-o-Y basis. The Broadband ARPU for quarter 1 FY '27 stood at INR 470, increased by 
INR5 as compared to quarter 1 FY '26.  
Average data consumption per month stood at 436 GB per user, a 6% increase Y-o-Y. As we 
move forward, we remain committed to accelerating our expansion across new states, 
broadening our total addressable market and advancing our vision of becoming a truly pan-
India Digital TV and Broadband player. Thank you. I will now hand over the call to Mr. 
Saurav Banerjee, CFO, who will take you through the financial performance of the company. 
Saurav Banerjee: 
Thank you, Mr. Piyush. Good evening to all the participants. For the quarter on a consolidated 
basis, our total income grew by 12% year-on-year and 9% on a quarter-on-quarter basis to INR 
1,020 crores. Subscription revenue saw an increase of 2% sequentially to INR 291 crores. The 
Broadband revenue stood at INR143 crores and registered a growth of 5% on a yearly basis 
and grew marginally by 2% sequentially.  
Consolidated EBITDA stood at INR 109 crores with an EBITDA margin of 10.7%. Net profit 
for Q1 FY '27 stood at INR 2.3 crores. Now looking at the stand-alone performance for the 
quarter. Our total revenue grew by a healthy 16% Y-o-Y and 12% sequentially to INR 693 
crores. Subscription revenue saw an increase of 2% Q-on-Q to INR 213 crores.  
Standalone EBITDA stood at INR 64.4 crores with an EBITDA margin of 9.3%. Net profit for 
Q1 FY '27 stood at INR 1.9 crores on a stand-alone basis. Overall, our consolidated operating 
EBITDA stood at INR 101 crores in Q1 FY '27, registering an operating margin of 22%. I 
would now request the moderator to open the floor for the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Saizal Agarwal from Desvelado Advisory. 
Saizal Agarwal: 
Hello. Good evening. Congratulations on the quarter. So my first question. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, Saizal, I would request you to come closer to your device and then speak. 
Saizal Agarwal: 
Hi, congratulations on the quarter, firstly. So my question is on the ACT acquisition. So as the 
integration progresses, what would you consider the key milestone we should monitor for the 
coming months, like to evaluate whether this acquisition would be delivering the expected 
returns? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So in ACT integration, you can say that we have around 6 lakh subscriber base, which we 
are looking forward to integrate. And the whole agreement is going to get closed by 15th 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
September 2026. So the full effect of that will start coming in the mid-quarter, quarter 2 and 
then the next quarter in quarter 3, which we will start seeing.  
And you will see that the number of subscriber has to go up by that much. And plus, it will 
enhance our revenues and it will be accretive to our EBITDA. So those things will -- you will 
start seeing it. And in calls also, we will give you the figures that -- how it is contributing to 
our overall business, this acquisition. 
Saizal Agarwal: 
Okay. And like mostly the benefit would be coming through operating leverage or revenue 
synergies? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The benefits will come on becoming a leader -- market leadership, having a market leadership 
in Andhra and Telangana market, which will give us the synergy benefits as we have presence 
over there and we are taking over this, we are going to be market leader and that will give us 
better operating margin in that market. 
Saizal Agarwal: 
Okay. One more question. Like Broadband home pass has expanded meaningfully over the last 
quarter. So all the subscriber additions have remained relatively modest. So going forward, 
like, is your priority to improve utilization of the existing network or you would be continuing 
to expand the home pass footprint? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So the strategy in Broadband is, till date, we are not increasing our home passes, and we 
are going for the extraction of the subscriber base on that because already, if you see the 
percentage is at around 17% -- 16% to 17% is the extraction rate right now, which we want to 
go up to around 19% to 20% on this. 
But yes, as in my statement, we said that we have recruited a new CEO for the Broadband 
business, and we will have more focus that how we can expand all over India and increase our 
business in Gujarat market. And we are going to invest in increasing our home pass also and 
create more infrastructure for the future business, for expansion of the future business. So the 
focus will be back totally on the Broadband business that how we can expand that. And that is 
one of the main reasons that our CEO has been recruited and put it into the place to fuel that 
growth. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sohani Sing from SK Capital. 
Sohani Sing: 
So my question was with regards to the financial performance of the company. So despite the 
revenue growing 12% year-on-year to INR 1,020 crores, the PAT declined sharply to around 
INR 2.3 crores. So could you help me understand the key reasons for this divergence between 
top line growth and profitability and which operating factors created the biggest pressure 
during the quarter? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So you're right, PAT has decreased around INR 8 crores Y-o-Y, if you see. And this is 
mainly because of higher depreciation and finance cost. If you go through the whole financials, 
you will see that the depreciation and finance cost has gone up by around INR 6 crores. And 
that is because of the capitalization of right-of-use assets related to HITS infrastructure in line 
with the accounting standards and conservative accounting practice.  

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
The company has taken the full cost and capitalization of HITS, but the cost saving and other 
operational benefits related to HITS will start flowing in future quarters, which will show 
positive effect impact in coming quarters. And if you see the company is maintaining the 
operational margin and the margin will increase when the full benefit of HITS platform will be 
materialized. 
So we have taken all the costs regarding the HITS on the capitalization and other cost, which is 
on the transponder cost and everything. But still, as the HITS implementation is going on, the 
benefits of HITS and the saving due to the HITS is still to come into the books. And that's why 
we are seeing that difference in the PAT. If you see, at EBITDA level, it is just INR 3 crores 
down, but at the PAT level, it is at INR 8 crores down. 
Sohani Sing: 
Okay, sir. So how much of the margin pressure is structural versus one-off? So can we expect 
margins to improve during FY '27? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So the operational margin, which is at 22%, which we have shown, that will go up to 
25%. And that will help us in increasing our EBITDA and PAT both at both the side. 
Sohani Sing: 
Okay. That helps. Also, the home pass stands at 5.95 million with around 75% FTTX ready, 
but the overall footprint appears to have remained broadly stable for the past few quarters. So 
could you tell me the pace at which GTPL expects to convert this existing footprint into paying 
broadband subscribers? And what are the key bottlenecks to the accelerating conversion? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. We are looking forward that out of this 6 million, 5.95 million home pass, we should have 
20% to 21% conversion rate -- extraction rate. That should be there, which we are trying to 
achieve. Plus, now, we are going to invest back into the increasing our home passes. And there 
also, we are expecting that the healthy extraction rate should be 20% to 21%. So that's what we 
are aiming for, and we are looking forward as we are going to be more aggressive in the 
market for the Broadband. 
Sohani Sing: 
That helps, sir. So my next question is related to the recent acquisition. Could the management 
elaborate on the key synergies expected from the acquisition of the 7 ACT Group Digital TV 
businesses? And specifically, how should we think about the potential benefits in terms of 
market expansion, cost efficiencies and cross-selling opportunities? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See, Andhra Pradesh and the Telangana market, if I will see, we already have more than 1 
million subs. And adding this 6 lakhs, we are going to cross somewhere around 1.6 million, 1.7 
million subs, which is -- we are going to be the largest player in that market. And that is going 
to help us in expanding also, expansion also.  
We're going to have a much, much better synergies in that market, and that will help us in 
operational synergies and vendor synergies, everything, and that is going to give us more 
margin in that market. So that's the benefit we will start seeing in the coming quarters as the 
deal will get closed, that's 15th September 2026, which we have to close before that on 15th or 
before that. So you will start seeing that effect in our P&L also. And as I said that we'll keep 
you informed in every call that how it is progressing and what more benefits we are getting out 
of this acquisition. 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Sohani Sing: 
So can you shed more light on what contribution are we expecting on revenue and EBITDA 
from this acquisition? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Right now, we don't want to give it. First, we let the integration happens and get the deal get 
closed as this is getting closed by 15th September as we announced in public. So before that, 
we don't want to give any figures and all, yes. In the next call, we will get all the figures, and 
we will start getting it in the result also. 
Sohani Sing: 
One last question. So what is the planned capex for FY '27 across broadband expansion, FTTX 
conversion, HITS infrastructure and integration of acquired assets? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So that's -- right now, we have kept at around INR 400 crores for this financial year, the 
capex, where it is going to be around 50% for Broadband and 50% for Digital TV. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Dhara Mandhane from Sansej Investors. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Am I audible? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, you are. Go ahead. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
All right. Yes. Sir, my first question was, how do you increase upsell to the higher tiers in 
Cable TV and Broadband? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Come again, come again. Sorry, your voice was cracking. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Yes. My question was, how do you encourage upsell to higher tiers in Cable TV and 
Broadband? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Upsell. So you're talking about upsell? 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Yes. Upsell, yes. Am I audible? 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
So actually, we are trying a  pilot project in a few cities regarding this combo that you are, I 
think, referring to regarding the Cable TV and Broadband. So, so far, there is a good sign, 
obviously, because eventually, the idea is to bring them together and increase the broadband 
subscribers with the kind of number of cable TV we have. So I mean, I cannot exactly tell you 
the plan, but it's so far looking as a good sign. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
So we have started the combo products already it is in our stable, and that is growing very 
good. And that combo product is more of Cable plus Broadband plus Other services, games 
and everything. And that's a very promising product and which we are upselling to both our 
Cable and Broadband subscribers, bringing them. That is increasing our stickiness and plus 
this is increasing our revenues on that side. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay. And sir, in case of -- in a scenario of stronger competition on price, what are the levers 
you would use to protect margins and market share in Cable TV and Broadband? 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See, we are number one Digital TV provider right now, as you see. And we are increasing our 
-- we are expanding in different states. Already, we have in 26 states and 5 UTs and only 2 
states are left and I think 3 UTs are left. And that's why we have gone for Headened In The 
Sky (HITS) technology where we have the signal at every nook and corner of the country now.  
And we are looking forward that how we can expand into -- densely we can expand into every 
districts of India going forward. It's more of like if you're in Aurangabad, then you're not only 
in the city, you're in the whole district, you're in the whole villages and everything, which is 
covered. 
As you know, that India, around 350 million households are there, only 210 million 
households are TV households. So still, there is a long, long way for India to go. Same in the 
Broadband, if you talk about 3 billion households in India and only something around 50 
million are in the Broadband in the FTTX. So still a long, long way to go. And here, we have 
to create the infrastructure, which is future ready to expand your business and cater to the need 
of the customers. So that's what we are doing, and we are hopeful that this strategy will work. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay, sir. Got it. And sir, how is the HITS infrastructure operationalization panning out 
currently? If you could shed some light? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. Very good. Already around in the Headend-in-the-Sky, we have seen that around 2.5 
million existing subscribers have been converted into Headend-in-the-Sky platform and around 
200,000 new subscribers have come into the platform. We have saved around -- the bandwidth 
saving has already come into the effect of around INR 4 crores  in the first quarter.  
We are looking forward that it will increase with the time. And so HITS is, I will say, 
successful. We have started the whole thing somewhere in the February and March start. And 
in the last 4 months, a little more than 2.5 more you can say it’s close to 2.7 million 
subscribers are there in this platform. So yes, we are looking forward that in the coming 
quarters, more savings, more operational benefit and more penetration in the new markets. 
New markets means not in the state, I'm talking about the districts now. So that will help us in 
the business in the whole side. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
So roughly, when you -- like when can we expect full benefits from like? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
You will start seeing it in the somewhere in the end of quarter 3 and start of quarter 4, the 
whole benefits of Headend-in-the-Sky, which will come into the effect. So this year, you will 
see that somewhere around 40% to 50% benefit has come over the year because we are 
expanding doing the things. And from the next financial year, it will be 100%. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay, sir. Okay. And sir, how is the traction on Buzz app? Like any metrics in terms of 
downloads, daily, monthly active users, digital subscription renewals, hours of content   watch 
that you would like to throw out? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So already given that the data consumption is increasing in the platform. Already, it has 
reached to around 436 GB per user that way, so per user per month and total 436 GB per 
month. So that is increasing and that is showing that the more consumption is happening and 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
the consumption is happening in all type of things. So I don't want to go into the platform 
specific platforms and all in this call. But yes, overall, the consumption is increasing every 
month for us in the Broadband business. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay, okay. that's great -- got it. And sir, in the Broadband, ARPU is INR470 per month? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
ARPU has increased from INR 465 to INR 470, and that is mainly because of people are 
shifting from lower packages to higher packages, high speed packages. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Got it. And how sustainable would be this ARPU trajectory over the few 
quarters? 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Yes, it will remain constant. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
It will remain somewhere around INR470 for right now. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, the Digital TV revenue has declined year-on-year, while active and 
paying subscribers remained stable. So is the pressure mainly due to lower realization, channel 
mix discounts or competitive pricing? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No, it is more of -- as you know, I have given that in the earlier calls also, the churn is there. 
And you are entering into new markets, where the ARPU is a bit lower than the established 
market. Because of the change in the ARPU complex, the revenue is showing a bit dip, but that 
will come back as we go more aggressive on the expansion as HITS platform has already been 
launched, and we are going to be very aggressive, like we are doing the acquisitions right now, 
and we do more acquisitions and more aggressive expansion in the market. 
Dhara Mandhane: 
Okay, sir. Okay. Got it, sir. And sir, lastly, the average data consumption has increased to 436 
GB per month per user. Is the higher usage translating into upgrade to higher speed plans? Or 
is it mainly increasing network cost like without proportional ARPU upside? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No, it is both. People are shifting to higher and the utilization is also getting increased. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pahel Sharma from DD Capital. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Am I audible? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, Pahel. Please go ahead. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Yes, sir, I had a couple of questions. Starting with, we have entered 2 new markets this quarter, 
Jammu and Kashmir and Kerala, if I'm not wrong. What strategic rationale drove GTPL's entry 
there? Would it be Cable TV expansion, Broadband opportunity or cross-selling potential? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So we have started expanding first the entry is at the Digital TV, and it is through the 
Headend-in-the-Sky in these 2 markets. As you say that these are the 2 new markets, which we 
have not earlier there, and we wanted to have the presence in those markets. The opportunity 
for broadband is very high in these two markets both, and we have got a lot of inquiries on 
that. So soon, we are going to launch the broadband in these 2 markets also. Yes, these are, 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
you can say, lucrative markets as J&K and Kerala, both are lucrative markets. So we look 
forward for a good outcome and good revenue and margin over there. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Got it. What is the current addressable subscriber base in these 2 markets? And what 
subscriber addition target does management expect over the next, let's say, 12 to 18 months? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See, targetable, if you talk about the total TV households at Kerala market is somewhere 
around 7 million is there, 6.5 million to 7 million subscriber base is there, and it is spread over 
DTH and cable operation. We already have around 75,000 to 80,000 of base over there, and 
we are looking forward that we are going to continue and grab more market over there as the 
potential is there. J&K also, which is around the addressable market, is somewhere around 5 
million -- 4.5 million to 5 million. And we look forward that we will become a major player in 
the J&K also. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Sir, my next question was what upfront investments are required in these 
markets, like in the terms of network, LCO partnerships, set-up boxes, marketing and customer 
acquisition? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We entered as inorganic and organic in both way in these markets. And the investment, you 
can say, it is hard to see what is the investment because we have to see with the return and all. 
STBs, as you see, it is -- STBs, you have to give it for every subscriber base. So it all depends, 
the investment based on whatever subscriber base we are going to achieve from that. It's based 
on the per subscriber base. And all other costs, the fixed costs and all are very less when we 
are doing it in the Digital TV side. Yes, when we're going to start the Broadband, we have to 
do some fixed cost investments and all, which we will do in the future. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Okay, sir. My next question was regarding ARPU. How should we think about ARPU and 
EBITDA margins in these new markets versus GTPL's existing core markets? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
As you enter into the new markets, we have to give some discounts and all. And that's why in 
the beginning, we want to achieve to a scale where you can sustain the business and you can 
have a good margin on that. That takes in any market, the cable businesses from 6 to 12 
months. And after that, you will start making the money in those markets. So we are looking 
forward to that. And till that time, some investment will be made, you can say. And then we 
will start seeing the returns in those markets on the ROA or ROI basis. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, are these markets expected to be breakeven from day 1 through maybe 
existing local partnerships or will there be an initial gestation period before profitability 
improves? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
That's what I say that to make a market positive in cable business, it takes 6 to 12 months. So 
there is going to be a gestation period of 6 to 12 months to make the business positive in that 
market. 
Pahel Sharma: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my last question. What is the competitive intensity in these markets from 
DTH, local cable operators, Jio, Airtel Broadband and AirFiber  like offerings? And what will 
be GTPL's differentiation? 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See, in any market, you will see the competition is like this only. And as I said that the whole 
addressable market is somewhere around 6.5 million to 7 million in Kerala and 4 million to 5 
million -- about 4.5 million to 5 million in J&K. So it's a large market, and we have to make 
the strategy that how we can grab more and more market of that so that we can establish 
ourselves and make the business as a very good margin in those. So that is going to happen. 
Competition is there all over India. So we are doing the competition. It's not the problem. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vivek Gupta from Star Investments. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Sir, am I audible? 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Yes. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes, Vivek. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Sir, the GTPL Infinity, HITS has been launched and the management mentioned encouraging 
traction. So can you share early adoption metrics, target consumer segments and the expected 
monetization timeline for the same? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
It's a long-term platform, Vivek. It's more of once you start giving because it's a fixed cost, 
transponder costs are fixed, you can serve to 1 million also and 50 million also in this platform. 
So as the number of subs grow, your operational margin increases in this platform. So it's not 
that it's a variable like in CATV that wherever we have to go, you have to go with the P2P or 
through fibre and all, which is variable cost and the cost grows with the number of subs. 
Here, the number of subs, the costs are fixed. And as you are increasing the number of subs, 
your operational margins are increasing. So that's why we are looking forward to that. So it's 
not that as fast as we can continue growing our subs in HITS platform, it will give us more 
margins and the operational margin will increase. So that's what we are looking forward being 
all of India player and still we want to grow the Digital TV in India, having a lot of potential 
on that side. We are looking forward that we will expand and make more and more margins on 
this platform through this platform. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Sir, just a follow-up on that. Like what kind of cost savings do you expect 
from this GTPL Infinity versus the traditional Headend model, especially on signal 
distribution, maintenance and the network operations? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes. So I'll just give you an example that if I have to go for a traditional CATV, then I have to 
take a P2P or fibre to reach that place, like I talked to you about Chhindwara. Chhindwara is 
one place in Madhya Pradesh. If I have to reach there, I have to take the point-to-point fibre 
from providers, telco providers or other providers, and we have to keep the cost -- variable cost 
of that.  
And I will say that the cost is somewhere around INR 10 lakh per month. On INR 10 lakh if 
you divide it by 12, it is like INR80,000. And in INR 80,000 if you are serving 5,000 customer 
per month, so it's like INR20 is what your cost is around INR 80,000. So your INR 20 is going 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
just for the delivery cost here. And same if you are just serving 1,000 customers, it's INR 80 as 
a delivery cost for 1 subscriber. 
So you are getting from the subscriber INR 125, INR 130 as ARPU plus tax, whatever and the 
distribution cost is just INR80. So it's not feasible to do the business on that basis. So you can't 
go for a sub base less than 5,000 on that connection. And that's why you have to leave your 
markets.  
You can't go into the rural markets because there, you will find that there is a village of 500 
houses, 100 houses, 1,000 houses and you can't serve them because it's not financially feasible. 
Through Headend-in-the-Sky, you are reaching everywhere and we have a fixed cost. So you 
can serve anyone.  
You can go and serve for a 100 house village, 50 house village, 200 house villages also, plus 
you can serve the whole city also, it's not a problem. So there are the restrictions that -- 
because of the financial feasibility on restrictions of subscriber base on to how you can grow 
or how you can serve has gone. So now you can expand freely.  
Wherever you want to go, you can go and you can add the subscriber base. And that's why still 
the rural market has lesser TV and still 140 million to 150 million households has no TVs 
because people can't reach over there. If DTH can reach, but they are very costly, and you have 
to go for that cost, which is not affordable for rural markets. So all those things are there. So 
that does give us an edge that how you want to do, what strategy you can make. And if you are 
on satellite, then you have the market open for you. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Okay, sir. So the average data consumption has increased to 436 GB per user per month. 
So is higher usage translation into upgrades to higher speed plans? Or is it mainly increasing 
the network cost without proportional ARPU upside? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No. See, higher GB means -- it doesn't mean that the cost is increasing because you are 
maintaining the cost through optimization of your network and augmentation of usage of 
bandwidth and all. So that doesn't translate into higher bandwidth cost and all. But yes, if 
usages are increasing, then that is encouraging my customer to go into higher brackets.  
And that's why you are seeing that if you take the -- our ARPU around 2 years or 3 years back, 
it was at around INR 400, INR 410, INR 420. That has gone up to INR470 in now. And that is 
mainly because of that lower bracket subscribers are going for the higher bandwidth and 
higher speed packages. So that is the case. But yes, you don't translate this into increase in the 
bandwidth because you maintain the bandwidth cost through optimization of your network and 
all. It's a healthy sign for the business that your consumption are increasing. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Priti Agarwal from SK Associates. 
Priti Agarwal: 
I wanted to know that how is the industry managing rising content acquisition cost? And what 
strategies is GTPL adopting? 

 
GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
July 16, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Content increase that is happening every year or every second year, as you know. And we are 
managing through our partners, I will say broadcasters are our partners. We are managing 
through negotiating with them by absorbing the cost somewhere at some point of time in the 
back, we have increased our price also in the ground. But yes, somehow we are -- together, we 
are sitting and doing the negotiations with our partners, with the broadcasters.  
And we are seeing that no one should lose, even our subscribers and our partners, the LCOs 
and all. And if it happens, then we both absorb some of the cost on that basis as a partner and 
we move forward. So that is the way it is. It's more of the negotiation. And yes, we, being the 
largest MSO, yes, we have moment which we utilize and we have that pleasure. And I will say 
that our partners, which are the broadcasters, are helpful in this. We sit together and take the 
course that how we should go ahead and take care of our subscriber base and our network 
partners and all. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thanks a lot for taking your time for attending the Quarter 1 FY '27 Earnings Call for GTPL 
Hathway Limited. We look forward to interact with you next quarter. Have a good evening, 
and thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thank you. 
