 
Dated: August 13, 2026 
 
The Manager 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
 
 
 
 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited   
 
 
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
 
 
 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Script Symbol: GODAVARIB 
 
 
 
 
Script Code:544279 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference Call held for discussion of ﬁnancial 
performance of Q1 FY 27   
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are pleased to forward herewith a link to the Transcript of 
Investor's/Analyst/Concall on ﬁnancial results of the Company for Q1 FY 27 held on 7th August 
2026. 
 
The same has been uploaded on the website of the Company at the link below 
 
https://www.godavaribioreﬁneries.com/sites/default/ﬁles/Transcript_Q1FY27.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records.  
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
 
For Godavari Bioreﬁneries Limited 
 
 
Manoj Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance OƯicer 
Membership No. F-7998 
 
 
 
 
 
MANOJ 
JAIN
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ JAIN 
Date: 2026.08.13 
17:59:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
Q1 FY'27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SAMIR SOMAIYA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GODAVARI BIOREFINERIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH SINHA – DEPUTY GENERAL MANAGER, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND FINANCE – GODAVARI 
BIOREFINERIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRACHI AMBRE – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Godavari Biorefineries Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on a touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Prachi Ambre from MUFG Investor Relations. Thank you and over to 
you, ma'am. 
Prachi Ambre: 
Thank you, Sumit. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. Today on the call, we have Mr. Samir Somaiya, Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Ashish Sinha, Deputy General Manager, Investor Relations and 
Finance, to provide insights on the operational and financial performance. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our beliefs and expectations 
as of today. The statements are not a guarantee of our future performance and involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. With this, I would like to hand over the call to Samir sir for his opening 
remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank you. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the Q1 FY27 earnings call of 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited. We appreciate your continued trust, engagement, and interest 
in our company. At the outset, let me briefly set the broader global context. The global operating 
environment continues to remain dynamic, with geopolitical developments, volatility in energy 
and raw material markets, and evolving trade flows creating challenges across industry. 
In these past few months, we have transported into a world where fossil resources have become 
scarce, higher oil prices, and this underscores the fact that the work we are doing is even more 
relevant today, especially in the geopolitical context that we see. 
At the same time, the transition towards bio-based and sustainable alternatives continue to gain 
momentum, as businesses are increasingly focusing on energy security, supply chain resilience, 
and more sustainable solutions. Global supply tightness is also reinforcing the importance of 
reliable, captive, bio-based production and supply, with increasing preference for dependable 
supply partners across local and export markets. 
In India, the successful rollout of E20 and the continued policy focus on higher ethanol blending 
are supporting the long-term demand outlook for renewable fuels. The government has come 
out with new draft guidelines for E85 and E100 to be used as a fuel. This will lead to these fuels 
coming out in the market sooner rather than later and reflect the government's direction for the 
country to be more self-reliant in energy. 
A key milestone during the quarter was the successful commissioning of our 200 kilolitres per 
day grain-based distillery at Sameerwadi, taking our total distillery capacity to 800 kilolitres per 
day. This furthers our goal for being an integrated biorefinery model where we can combine bio-
based chemicals, sugar, and ethanol with flexibility to respond to the changing market conditions 
and capture opportunities across the value chain.  

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
 
Having an additional feedstock of maize/grain gives us additional flexibility to manage volatility 
in product prices, feedstock costs, climate effects, and possible policy changes. The prices of 
sugar have increased in the past few weeks. The prices of ethanol from sugarcane juice have 
remained the same over the past few years. So, we will continue to look at the economics of 
sugar and ethanol as we make our choices of diversion. 
In this context, we are evaluating the addition of 160 kilolitres per day fungible capacity within 
the existing 800 kilolitres per day capacity. If there is a pivot to more sugar in the coming season, 
there will be fermentation and distillation capacity that will be available for this grain-to-ethanol 
conversion. We may need to only add equipment for grain preparation at the front end.    
This will further enhance our flexibility to optimize between sugar and ethanol depending on 
market conditions, allowing us to take advantage of favourable sugar economics while retaining 
the ability to deploy capacity towards ethanol using other feedstock.  
This flexibility has always been central to our integrated biorefinery model. As markets evolve, 
we can optimize the allocation of our feedstock and capacity across sugar and ethanol, allowing 
us to capture opportunities across the value chain. With the next phase of ethanol blending in 
India and increased sugar price realizations, we believe this flexibility will become increasingly 
valuable.  
Coming to the quarter, we have commenced FY27 with resilient performance. Total income for 
Q1 grew by 4.9% year-on-year. The bio-based chemicals business delivered a strong quarter, 
with revenue increasing 19.4% year-on-year and EBITDA growing 53% year-on-year. The 
benefits of the debottlenecking initiatives undertaken earlier are now translating into improved 
operating efficiencies and profitability.  
In our integrated sugar, co-generation and ethanol operations, the quarter remained challenging, 
with feedstock conditions, rising manufacturing costs and ethanol tender allotments putting 
some pressure on the business. At the same time, improved sugar realizations provide an 
opportunity to benefit from better sugar economics going forward. 
Innovation also continues to be an important part of our efforts to build future growth platforms. 
During the quarter, we secured a Japanese patent for our novel anticancer molecule and filed an 
application with the CDSCO for preliminary efficacy trials for our triple-negative breast cancer 
molecule, with trials expected to commence from Q3 FY27, subject to government regulatory 
approvals. 
This marks a significant milestone in translating our R&D efforts into potential clinical 
applications. Overall, the quarter saw encouraging momentum in our bio-based chemicals 
business, progress in strengthening our ethanol platform, and continued advancement in our 
innovation-led growth initiatives. We also secured an Indian patent for a cost-effective process 
to manufacture branched alcohols, further strengthening our intellectual property portfolio. 
*Disclaimer: Due to technical/network connectivity issues, the opening remarks were not clearly audible during the call 
and have therefore been reproduced from the prepared management commentary. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
 
Going forward, we will continue to focus on scaling specialty chemicals, improving product 
mix, and further strengthening the competitiveness of this business. As mentioned earlier, our 
efforts of debottlenecking the chemical business are showing significant improvements in sales 
and EBITDA. We expect this trend to continue and are seeing good market demand. 
We have, therefore, decided to invest a further INR25 crores in debottlenecking our capacity to 
be able to further meet the growing demand for our bio-based specialty chemical business. 
Looking ahead, we remain focused on growing our bio-based chemical business through 
debottlenecking, a stronger contribution from higher-value products, and improved operating 
efficiency. 
In ethanol and sugar, we will continue to leverage our integrated and fungible platform to 
respond to market opportunities while progressing on our next phase of capacity and innovation 
initiatives. Overall, we remain focused on disciplined execution, improving profitability, and 
building a more diversified and resilient business. 
With that, I would like to now hand over the call to Ashish Sinha, who will take you through the 
financial performance in greater detail. Over to you, Ashish. 
Ashish Sinha: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, everyone. Let me take you through the key financial highlights 
for the quarter. For Q1 FY27, revenue from operations stood at INR557.9 crores, up by 4.6% 
year-on-year, while total income stood at INR559.9 crores, representing a growth of 4.9%. 
EBITDA stood at INR2.6 crores compared to INR6.5 crores in Q1 FY26, with margin at 0.5% 
against 1.2% last year. 
Profitability was impacted by elevated inventory carrying cost and higher raw material prices. 
The bio-based chemicals business delivered a strong performance with revenue growing 19.4% 
year-on-year to INR168.7 crores, and EBITDA increasing 53% to INR19.2 crores. EBITDA 
margin expanded to 11.4% from 8.9%, supported by favorable product mix and the benefits of 
the debottlenecking initiatives. 
The integrated sugar, cogeneration, and ethanol segment remained under pressure. Revenue was 
INR 377.9 crore compared to INR382.8 crores in Q1 FY26, while EBITDA loss widened to 
INR14.6 crores from INR4.5 crores. This was primarily due to challenging feedstock conditions 
and higher manufacturing cost, although improved sugar realization provided some support. At 
the consolidated level, the lower operating profitability along with higher depreciation resulted 
in a net loss of INR19.3 crores compared to INR16 crores in Q1 FY26. 
Overall, while the quarter saw near-term pressure on consolidated profitability, we remain 
focused on improving operating efficiency, strengthening margins, and maintaining financial 
discipline. We believe the initiatives undertaken across our business will support an 
improvement in operating performance as we progress through the year. Increased sugar 
realization is creating a more favorable environment for our integrated sugar and ethanol 
platform. 
Now we can open the floor for the discussion. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Santosh Shetty from LGC Capital. Please go ahead. 
Santosh Shetty: 
Good morning, sir. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Good morning. 
Santosh Shetty: 
So, sir, could you just give us an update on the commercialization roadmap for DME and bio-
butanol, and when these platforms could start contributing meaningfully to the business? 
Samir Somaiya: 
I will talk to you about one by one. DME, as we said last time, is in the pilot trials. The pilot 
trials are progressing well. But from a timeline of when we will know how the pilot trials 
conclude will be by March of 2027. So, that will be a good time to know how they have been 
completed and what the scale-up idea of that can be. At this time, the pilot trials are continuing 
as planned. I think that's the first one. 
On the bio-butanol, we are seeing essentially one development is the use of bio-butanol as a 
chemical intermediate, where we have secured an MoU with Synthomer. We continue to seek 
out more customers to do that. At the same time, in our country in India, there's recently a call 
from the government to look at pathways to make butanol for supplementing the fuel energy 
security and transition. So, we are also engaging there. 
So, we will continue to keep you updated as we go forward. From a technical standpoint, this is 
this is there. But we are looking at the market as it comes to customers of butanol, bio-butanol 
as a chemical intermediate, and are quite interested in exploring the opportunity the government 
has recently brought forward to look at bio-butanol as its green transition roadmap. 
Santosh Shetty: 
That's great, sir. And just another question, on the TNBC candidate, what would be the next 
major milestones from here, and how are you evaluating the potential for an out-licensing 
opportunity? 
Samir Somaiya: 
The drug discovery for breast cancer? Is that what you asked? 
Santosh Shetty: 
Yes, sir. On the like TNBC drug candidate... 
Samir Somaiya: 
So if I go back to the last milestone that we did was the successful completion of the safety trials. 
The next step was to apply to the government CDSCO to get approval for the preliminary 
efficacy trials. So, this currently in July, we have filed or just I think last week, we have filed 
the application the CDSCO, which itself is one milestone. The next milestone we expect will be 
the permission from the CDSCO to start these preliminary trials. We are hoping for we get these 
permissions by the end of this third quarter FY27. That's the next milestone we expect. 
Santosh Shetty: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from Alchemy. Please go 
ahead. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Hello, sir. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 14 
 
 
Samir Somaiya: 
Good morning. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Good morning. Firstly, thank you for taking the time. I just want to understand how big is this 
opportunity for this molecule drug and is this something which we are doing alone versus other 
players in the world, just to understand how big can this opportunity be for us? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Triple-negative breast cancer comes in a few forms, and triple-negative breast cancer has the 
most difficult prognosis globally. So, therefore, this is a very large market. But and the way of 
drug discovery goes, first, it is in pre-clinical trial, when trials are done on cell lines and later on 
small animal models. 
After that, it goes into clinical, which is safety, then preliminary efficacy, and if preliminary 
efficacy is successful, then large-scale clinical trial and then a business into the market, provided 
you get approvals and good efficacy results all the way through at each step of the way. As a 
company, we have completed the pre-clinical and the safety in clinical. We are now going to the 
next step of preliminary efficacy. 
Hoping that those results are favorable, it is the point at which we will then look at out-licensing 
the molecule or finding partners for the same, because we are not a pharmaceutical company 
with either a national or a global footprint. We are research-driven. At that time, we will look to 
out-license. But assuming it is successful, it is a very large market to be met for treating triple-
negative breast cancer. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Sure. And sir, would we require more fund-raising to fund this R&D or expansion in this? 
Samir Somaiya: 
No, our estimate of taking it to preliminary efficacy is about INR20 crores over the next 2 to 3 
years. So, we do believe that we have the resources for this purpose within the system. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay, sir. So, no capital raise right now. And sir, secondly, this new CBG policy which has 
come out, is that something which we are looking at for any benefit along those lines? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So back to what I said in the opening remarks, that in this geopolitical environment that has 
happened over the last year and a half and further in the last 3 to 4 months, we as a country and 
as a planet suddenly find ourselves transported to a time where fossil resources have become 
scarce. This is something that we were talking about even before that this may happen, not for 
geopolitical reasons, but what we were talking about development. 
But now this issue suddenly has as if you have gone fast forward in that time. As a result of 
which, the government is looking at the green transition with greater, I would say, urgency, 
which is where that butanol call has also come and you are seeing the CBG also come. And you 
will also see, assuming our DME pilot trials are good, then you can see that because that is an 
LPG substitute. 
And CBG is a CNG substitute. So, we are thinking that all opportunities in the green transition, 
whether it be in chemicals across the world or in energy in India, are very exciting to look at. 
So, yes, we have a lot of pressmud available, and pressmud is a feedstock for CBG. So, we will 
look at all these transitions as we go forward. So, yes, of great interest. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 14 
 
 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
And sir, just lastly, this year's ethanol tendering, let's say last year's was 1,000 LPD. Would we 
be expecting much more than that? 
Samir Somaiya: 
That question is best asked to the OMC… 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
No. But any, any… 
Samir Somaiya: 
India is a rapidly growing large economy of the world. The economy is growing, and this 
consumption for mobility across the nation, whether it be petrol or diesel, is also growing at 
equal to or higher than the country's GDP growth rate. So, we definitely look at a ethanol in at 
the same levels of blending, that means even with E20 with the growth in fuel consumption, 
there will be an increase. In addition, the government has issued draft guidelines for E85 and 
E100. And companies such as some of the auto companies have launched a flex-fuel engine. So, 
we definitely should see higher ethanol demand going forward. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Okay, fine. But no like specific numbers or anything on those lines? 
Samir Somaiya: 
I may not know the answer to that question. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Fair enough. And sir, any other risk we are seeing, because just to understand are there any risks 
we are foreseeing coming up? 
Samir Somaiya: 
We were and we remain very focused on looking at climate effects, because there was a 
prediction of El Niño. So, we are very focused. Our areas are Maharashtra, Karnataka that we 
examine, and we look at rainfall in our area of operation as well as dam levels, because the dams 
are what provide us water during the entire year, and the rainfall is what helps the soil 
immediately. So, one is with canal irrigation and another is rainfall. 
I would like to say in the last 3 to 4 weeks, a lot of the initial water I mean the rain issues have 
been addressed at least in these regions. Dam levels have improved compared to the very low 
levels they were a month ago, and rainfall has been there. So, that was a risk. It continues to be 
something that we are looking at, but the last few weeks have definitely addressed some of those 
fears that we have. 
Otherwise, you know, the world is in complete volatility. We are looking at the geopolitical 
change which we may not have been able to predict. But so overall, I would say that it 
underscores our integrated model, because we have a model of making multiple products, food, 
that is sugar, ethanol, and biochemicals. And now we have added sugarcane and maize and rice 
as feedstocks. 
So it gives us a great opportunity because we have optionality to switch between sugar and 
ethanol, or use more maize, or also switch in terms of ethanol where we want to put our products. 
We also can make ENA, we are supplying to other markets, ethanol blending program, and also 
chemicals from ethanol. So, I think it is it is good to have optionality to be able to address risk 
and to address the growth opportunity that we are seeing in growth in the green transition. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
This is really, really helpful. Thank you so much, and best of luck. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kranthi Bathini from WealthMills Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Kranthi Bathini: 
Hi, sir. Can you just throw some light about the progress of DME, and when these revenues can 
be realized over a period of time, and what kind of progress you are making? Because last quarter 
and all, there was a focus and announcements with respect to DME. What kind of progress you 
made with respect to DME is concerned? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the question. What I just mentioned to one of the other person who asked 
the same question was that DME is a great product in this green transition. We are in continue 
to be in pilot trials. The pilot trials are proceeding as planned. Final results of how the pilot trials 
have done will come latest by March of 2027. 
Only after the success of those pilot trials, we will be able to talk about what the commercial 
possibilities are. But as of now, the pilot trials are going as scheduled. We expect results latest 
by March 2027. And the government's initiative to go for the green transition, DME becomes 
equally and more important. 
Kranthi Bathini: 
Okay. And sir, with respect to the business focus is concerned, what is your core focus area 
going to be in the next couple of quarters and next couple of years' time? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, our core focus is the integrated biorefinery, in which we convert agriculture feedstock into 
food, fuel, and chemicals and materials. So, we will continue to look at diversifying feedstock 
and diversifying products across this and create greater optionality to deal with the volatility in 
the market and take opportunities for growth as our customers seek to have more green feedstock 
and also reliable supply chains. Also, in drug discovery, we remain committed to take this drug 
into hope to test it in terms of preliminary efficacy, and if that is successful, to find out-licensing 
partners for this molecule. 
Kranthi Bathini: 
Thank you, sir. Best wishes for all your endeavors. Thank you. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you. And just to add the bio-based chemicals, we are seeing great opportunity there. In 
the first quarter of this past compared to the quarter before, we have seen a good increase from 
about INR141 crores to INR169 crores, and we are anticipating in this coming quarter INR190 
crores of business. 
And we are looking to invest about INR25 crores to further debottleneck this, because we are 
seeing great demand from our customers in India and overseas for this our green bio-based 
chemicals. So, we are seeing a great opportunity in taking this forward, and all this growth in 
the business that will come from debottlenecking will come from bio-based specialty chemicals. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soumya from Neva Securities. Please go ahead. 
Soumya: 
Good morning. Thank you so much for the opportunity. My first question was on chemical 
business. The chemical business has seen a significant improvement in profitability. How should 
we think about the sustainability of the current margin profile, and what could be the steady-
state margin potential? 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 14 
 
 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, we are look Thank you for the question. The debottlenecking that we did last year is what 
has showing that change now in this year. So whenever we do a debottlenecking, there is a time 
it takes once you do the debottlenecking then to enter the market. So, if we were at INR141 
crores in Q1 FY26 and we are at INR169 crores now, and expecting to be INR190 crores in this 
current quarter, this shows that A, we have done the debottlenecking, and we will and we are 
now being able to take that debottlenecking into the market. 
So, that's one first point. We definitely see this as a continuing business and a growth 
opportunity. Because of this growth opportunity, we are looking to invest INR25 crores in 
further debottlenecking, and we anticipate that to be completed by early next financial year. And 
therefore, we further expect that business to grow to a quarterly business of about INR240 crores 
per quarter, once we complete the debottlenecking and enter the market. And definitely we see 
this as a sustainable and a growing market opportunity. 
Ashish Sinha: 
And just want to add, the growth in the bio-based chemical would come from the bio-based 
specialty chemicals. 
Soumya: 
Okay, sir. Got it. Sir, secondly, with tighter sugar ethanol economics, how would you prioritize 
sugar versus ethanol production? And how valuable is this additional feedstock flexibility in 
optimizing these economics? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you again for this question. It looks like you have heard us well. What our thought process 
with the it's closely monitoring the [Inaudible 00:26:49]… 
Soumya: 
Hello, sir. I had asked about sugar versus ethanol production and about the additional feedstock 
flexibility. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you for waiting, Soumya. Sorry for the inconvenience. 
Soumya: 
No issues, sir. No worries, yes. 
Samir Somaiya: 
No, this is very, we closely looking at the prices of the sugar and the ethanol from sugarcane 
juice, and we will look at also the government policy in the allotments of the same. Now, in this 
event, we are also, therefore, looking that in case we choose to divert more sugarcane juice to 
sugar, then we will automatically have some sugarcane fermentation and distillation capacity 
free. 
So, therefore, we are exploring the addition of a 160 kilo litre per day maize preparation grain 
preparation facility so that we can take advantage of the idle sugarcane distillation and 
fermentation capacity that will be available. 
So, therefore, we have this so two things: changing sugar economics makes us look at how we 
divert and use sugar capacity, and at the same time, having flexibility of maize and facilities in 
the old sugarcane facility will make us look whether we should quickly debottleneck the maize 
preparation facility, overall ethanol capacity remaining the same of 800 kilo litres per day, but 
an ability to have better capacity utilization of both the sugar and the ethanol facilities leading 
to higher business. Did that answer your question? 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 14 
 
 
Soumya: 
Yes. It definitely does, sir. Sir, lastly, could you throw some light on outlook for E20 and beyond, 
the demand growth, and  how you expect the ethanol sales mix to evolve? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, E20 has been running in India for about 1.5 years now, and the rollout has been successful 
for this entire period. In the last few months, the government announced draft guidelines for E85 
and E100, and certain auto companies have also launched flex-fuel vehicles. 
So, taking and looking at the geopolitics of fuel requirements for India, India's growth prospects, 
farmer income security, and addressing climate, we see a long-term impact of E20 and higher 
rollout to be very positive. And so, because with E85 and E100, these fuels will find their way 
into the market, and overall the transition will take place. 
Soumya: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity, and all the best for the future. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soham from Vajani Capital. Please go ahead. 
Soham: 
Sir, could you please share the closing sugar inventory of this quarter end? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Can you please repeat the question? 
Soham: 
I was asking, could you please share the closing sugar inventory of this quarter end? 
Ashish Sinha: 
It's about 65,000 tons of sugar. 
Soham: 
65,000 tons. Okay. And one more question, like given the current sugar prices environment, how 
do you expect the existing inventory to be monetized over the coming years? Like should we 
expect any inventory gains or margin expansion? 
Samir Somaiya: 
I think basically, what these stocks are there in our system, some of it is in long-term contracts, 
and some of it is in open. So, that's one answer to you. Secondly, we will have to definitely the 
sugar prices, the industry has always wanted a higher MSP and in terms in response to increasing 
cane prices over the past few years and sugar prices remaining static. 
So, the increasing sugar prices are there, this certainly will improve the economics of the sugar 
sector going forward. How that unfolds in the next year, we will see when we come to know 
closer to the season. 
Soham: 
Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Suhani Singh from ROS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Suhani Singh: 
Hello. Hi, good afternoon, sir. So, I just had a couple of questions. So, how are you looking at 
the growth trajectory for the bio-based chemical business over the next 12 to 18 months, 
particularly after the strong performance in Q1, I think? 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 14 
 
 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, as I mentioned, in this current quarter, we are hoping to get a sales of about INR190 crores, 
over and above last year last quarter's, meaning what the reported quarter's numbers of INR169 
crores. So, that's what we are expecting in this coming quarter, and we expect that business to 
sustain. That's point one. 
We are looking to invest INR25 crores to further debottleneck the bio-based specialty chemical 
sector, because we are seeing good demand growth in India and across our export markets. When 
that implementation will be complete in the beginning of financial year 2028, we expect that full 
market penetration, that business to be around INR240 crores per quarter. 
So then, going up from the INR190 to INR240, and all of that coming in bio-based specialty 
chemicals. And we continue to see opportunities in this sector, and so we will keep updating you 
as we go along. 
Suhani Singh: 
That helps. So, could you give us some color on expected timing for the next phase of distillery 
expansion, and the potential returns from the proposed 160 KLPD  fungible capacity? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Now, right now, as we said, we are what we previous I think Soumya had asked a question, how 
do you look at that? We are examining the opportunity that if the diversion of sugarcane juice 
to sugar is lower than what we had done last year, and that leaves us with idle distillery capacity 
in the sugarcane sector in as compared to higher sugar capacity utilization. 
We want to take advantage of that by simply building what we call front-end maize preparation 
devices, so that after that maize is prepared, it goes into the into the current fermenters which 
are fungible. So, we can update you as we go along. We are seeing this opportunity and we want 
to see that we can capture it as quickly as possible. 
Suhani Singh: 
That helps. That's all from my side. All the best. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Soham from Vajani Capital. Please go ahead. 
Soham: 
Hello, am I audible, sir? 
Samir Somaiya: 
Yes. 
Soham: 
Actually, right now, you just said that you have 65,000 of sugar inventory. So, can you just give 
a rough estimate like how much do you have for long-term and open market? Like the ratio of 
that 65,000? 
Samir Somaiya: 
I am not exactly sure. I can make a statement, but I do not have the number in front of me. The 
long-term contracts may be in the range of 15,000 to 20,000 out of that 65,000. But I'm not 
exactly sure I want to state that. 
Soham: 
Okay, thank you. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nimish Verma from AAS Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nimish Verma: 
Hello, sir. I have a few set of questions. So, the first one being, how are you seeing the operating 
cash flows evolving as the business mix improves, and do you expect the recent improvements 
in gross margins to sustain through FY27? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, I'm going to ask you to repeat both your questions separately. Can you please do that? 
Nimish Verma: 
Sure. How are you seeing the operating cash flows evolving as the business mix improves? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So definitely in the chemical sector, we are seeing the gross margins improve and sustain, and 
therefore, the cash flows we are looking to put in for that INR25 crores of debottlenecking 
expansion, which once done, we expect that to further improve. So, that's a straight reply to your 
question. What was your second question? 
Nimish Verma: 
And do you expect the recent improvements in gross margins to sustain through FY27? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, in the chemical sector, we certainly do. In the  sugar, so in maize ethanol, we have also 
implemented, so that will also improve the business going forward. We are definitely seeing the 
ethanol blending program of the government to continue. Maize ethanol, grain ethanol has 
played a dominant part in this current tender, so we expect that opportunity to also be there. We 
will have to also look at the monsoons and the planting to see how those margins play out in the 
coming season. 
Nimish Verma: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. And my other question would be, with the distillery expansion and other 
investments underway, how should we think about the leverage trajectory and finance cost over 
the medium term? 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, as we say as we said now we have already invested in the grain-based facility. Currently, we 
are looking at, as we said, INR25 crores investment into the bio-based chemicals business, which 
we are talking about debottlenecking. We will have better ideas as to the debottlenecking of the 
grain-based front-end facility as we go along. We that so we will so we are looking at broadly 
keeping debt levels similar or a margin or a slight change, not major changes in the overall debt-
equity structure. 
Nimish Verma: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pahal Sharma from DD Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Pahal Sharma: 
Hello, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a few questions with me. First is that  given the 
global supply tightness, like are you seeing stronger customer interest in GBL's bio-based 
chemicals, and like could this be translated into a more meaningful export opportunity going 
forward? 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 14 
 
 
Samir Somaiya: 
Definitely, we are seeing greater interest. Customers are looking now also at supply chain 
reliability as we go forward. And because of the oil price changes or fossil changes which are 
much higher, the gap between the fossil and the green has narrowed. 
So, we are definitely seeing greater interest, which is reflecting in our greater business in this 
last quarter and the business that will happen in this quarter, and which is what is encouraging 
us to make this debottlenecking so that by next year, we have further increase in business. So, 
we are definitely seeing much greater interest in bio-based specialty chemicals abroad and at 
home. 
Pahal Sharma: 
Great, great, sir. And my second question is that like how should we think about capital 
allocation over the next couple of years, particularly like with respect to growth capex, then like 
deleveraging and further investment in the business? 
Samir Somaiya: 
We are immediately looking at investing in the bio-based specialty debottlenecking. You have 
already seen the EBITDA of the last quarter. We definitely think that we can sustain that 
investment with our numbers. We are also, as I said, quickly looking at if we can front-end the 
maize preparation devices, given that the distillation and fermentation infrastructure for the 
higher capacity would be available. 
So, we are looking at what I will call quick wins in the new environment. As we will see 
opportunity coming for DME or in the bio-butanol space, for bio-butanol, for example, the 
Government of India has announced a call to look at opportunities for putting up these facilities. 
So we will explore options as we go along. 
Right now, we are focusing on the debottlenecking of bio-based chemicals, and also on front-
end investments for quickly debottlenecking what I will call maize preparation devices. And of 
course, we remain committed to spending INR20 crores over the next 30, 33 months on drug 
discovery to take it through the safety trials. 
Pahal Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Understood. That's all from my side. All the best, sir. 
Samir Somaiya: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Samir Somaiya for closing comments. 
Samir Somaiya: 
So, thank you, everyone, for your interest today. We remain committed to the green transition. 
We are seeing great opportunities in bio-based chemicals, where customers seek transition to a 
lower-carbon economy and are wanting supply chain confidence in this. The fossil price increase 
has transported us into a world where that scarcity is appearing to be more real. 
So, the interest in our customers and the government for the green transition in India appears to 
be stronger. We are also very happy we commissioned our 200 kilo litre per day maize/grain 
ethanol project. In the light of the new economics that we see in this sector, we are also looking 
at further adding maize front-end capacity so we can be more flexible and have greater 
optionality in optimizing our product mix and creating best value for us. 

 
 
Godavari Biorefineries Limited 
 
 
August 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
 
We have applied to the CDSCO for our drug discovery preliminary efficacy trials. We are hoping 
that in Q3, we start our trials subject to government regulations. So, it's been very interesting for 
us, and we thank you for your support as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of MUFG Investor Relations , that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
