 
 
Date: August 20, 2026 
 
To,  
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532699 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: ROHLTD 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Re: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the First Quarter ended 
June 30, 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call for the First Quarter ended June 30, 2026 held on August 14, 2026. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company 
www.royalorchidhotels.com 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Royal Orchid Hotels Limited 
 
 
 
 
Padmini V Krupanidhi 
                                                     Amit Jaiswal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                  Chief Financial Officer  
M. No. A52709 
 
Encl. as above 
Padmini V 
Krupanidhi
Digitally signed by 
Padmini V Krupanidhi 
Date: 2026.08.20 
10:21:18 +05'30'
AMIT 
JAISWAL
Digitally signed 
by AMIT JAISWAL 
Date: 2026.08.20 
10:22:18 +05'30'

 
 
 
Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
 
Q1 FY27  
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Chander K. Baljee - Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Mr. Arjun Baljee - President  
 
Mr. Keshav Baljee – Whole Time Director 
 
Mr. Amit Jaiswal - Chief Financial Officer 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 Post Conference Call 
of Royal Orchid Hotels Limited.  
 
Today on the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Chander 
Baljee, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Arjun Baljee, President, 
Mr. Keshav Baljee, Whole Time Director; and Mr. Amit Jaiswal, Chief 
Financial Officer.  
 
                                           As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also this is a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
                                          I would now request the management to detail us about the business 
performance highlights for the period ended June 2026, the growth 
perspective and the vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
Chander K. Baljee: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of the board and the 
entire leadership team at Royal Orchid Hotels Limited, I extend a warm 
welcome to all of you to this investor presentation on the financial 
results of the first quarter ended 30 June, 2026. We appreciate your 
continued interest and support and we share the performance highlights 
and progress that we are making on our growth agenda. 
 
                                          Key performance snapshot, Q1 delivered strong top line momentum. 
Consolidated revenue rose 36% year-on-year to about INR 107 crores 
from INR 79 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. Total revenue 
stood higher at INR 115 crores. This growth is attributable to our new 
hotel, ICONIQA which had become operational last financial year. 
EBITDA grew faster than revenue, rising 39% year-on-year to 
approximately INR modestly to approximately 33 cr which is Ebitda 
margin expanding modestly to approximately 30.7% from 30%. 
However, the net profit declined to around INR 6.4 crore versus INR 
10.9 crores last year. The diversion between robust operating 
performance and lower reported PAT reflects higher financial costs, 
depreciation including IndAS impacts and ongoing ramp-up of newer 
properties, particularly our larger-leased assets. 
 
                                          We view the underlying operating trends as healthy and consistent with 
our expansion phase. Strategic progress, we continue to grow our high 
-- asset light growth model. The portfolio has expanded further with 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
additional hotels and keys added during the quarter. We added five 
hotels with 237 keys during this quarter. We have 50-plus hotels signed 
which we will be opening in the next 18 to 24 months. We are working 
hard and remain focused on Vision 2030 targets of scaling to a 
significantly larger network of hotels and keys across India and select 
neighbouring markets, driven primarily by management contracts, 
franchising and selective revenue share arrangements. Occupancy and 
average room rates in our key operating hotel and managed properties 
have held up, supported by domestic leisure and corporate demand. 
New openings and pipeline conversion are progressing as planned.  
 
                                          Looking ahead, we remain confident in the medium term outlook. 
India's hospitality sector continues to benefit from rising domestic 
travel, improving infrastructure and growing demand in both leisure and 
business segments. Our emphasis on operational excellence, brands 
stretching across the agenda and related portfolio. We are also looking 
at disciplined capital allocation position as well to convert the current 
growth investments into stronger profitability and better ROCE in the 
coming quarters. The detailed financial statement, segment-wise 
performance and operational metrics are available on the investor 
presentation and results filing. Hope you all had a chance to go through 
the same in detail.  
 
                                          We are happy to take your questions now. Thank you once again for 
joining us today. We look forward to a constructive discussion. 
 
Question-and-Answer 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from 
Anubhav Jain. Anubhav, you can go ahead. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Yeah. Hello, sir. Am I audible?  
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yes, Anubhav. Please go ahead. Yes. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So my question is that 
premiumization of ROHL with ICONIQA, what's the plan and how will 
that over the time improve the yield? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Let me take that question. So if you look at what we've tried to do with 
ICONIQA as a separate brand in the premium upper upscale segment, 
the intention was very clear that how do you create a family of brands 
starting from the value priced at Z by Regenta going all the way up, as 
with every other hotel company. What we propose to do going forward 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
is we're signing hotels in the upper upscale category by using ICONIQA 
as the growth driver there. 
 
                                          We also have the opportunity of premiumization where within our own 
Royal Orchid hotels, if you look at it, we've got about a thousand keys 
in the five star category between owned, leased and joint ventured. 
Those two are, as you know, are being upgraded and have been 
upgraded to yield better ADRs in the time to come. 
 
Anubhav Jain: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. I'll get back in the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Surbhi Mishra. Surbhi, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Hello. Am I audible? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yes, Surbhi. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
I wanted to know, your consolidated revenue grew 38.5% and EBITDA 
approximately 39.1% in Q1. How much of this growth came from the 
237 new key added during the quarter and what was it like for revenue 
and EBITDA growth of existing profile? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
I'll take this question, Surbhi. See, in the quarter, we have opened 237 
rooms, five hotels, and they all are in managed and franchisee model. 
So the number to that would be very, very negligible. Okay. So because 
we only get the management fees or the franchisee fees from these 
hotels, the major number comes from our JLO hotels, that is, owned, 
leased and joint venture hotels. So the number from these five hotels is 
very, very negligible. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Okay. And can you tell me, what is the revenue par growth occupancy 
and ARR moment for Q1? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, as far as the occupancies are concerned, we are at 70% in our JLO 
hotels and at 60% odd, 60.8% at our -- all the managed and franchisee 
portfolio. And as far as the ADR is concerned, last year we were at an 
ADR of 5,488. This year, we are at an ADR of 6,233 in our JLO hotels. 
And in managed hotel, our last year ADR in the same quarter was 4,031. 
And this year it is 4,300. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Okay. One last question, with the current pipeline of signed and 
operational hotels, what should investors realistically think about as the 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
sustainable revenue growth rate for the next two to three years? Will it 
be closer to 25% or 30%? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Keshav, sir, would you like to take or should I go ahead?  
 
Keshav Baljee: 
You can go ahead.  
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Okay. So as far as the growth from these numbers are concerned, okay, 
see we are at 7,000 odd rooms and we have signed 11,000 odd rooms 
with 50 hotels coming up in next 12 to 24 months. Most of these hotels, 
barring few, three to four hotels which are coming under the revenue 
share model, most of these hotels are under managed and franchisee 
model wherein we have not invested anything. So the growth from there 
will be in the managed segment, I have shown separately in my 
presentation that what we earn from the managed segment. So there will 
be a substantial growth in the managed segment, but we get a 
management fees from these hotels. So the revenue will grow definitely 
there. 
 
                                          And as far as the JLO hotel is concerned, in next two to three years, once 
ICONIQA established itself, because it's just fairly a new hotel. So then 
you will see a substantial growth. But at this point of time, for three 
years down the line, giving a number will be a little difficult, but there 
will be definitely a growth in the company. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Thank you, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Rahul Bangadia. Rahul, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
Am I audible, sir?  
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes, yes.  
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
Thank you for taking my question. It's not about this -- my question is 
not about this quarter, sir, just a generally broad, this thing, I've asked 
this question in different forms before as well. Broadly you have laid 
out your long term plans very well. That has been explained the asset-
light model, all of that is good. But when does the, when do we move 
our profitability line, when do you see it moving? Because three years 
back, we were also at INR 50 cr. PAT, this year also, we may end up 
somewhere there and thereabouts, we've moved from 4,000, 5,000 
rooms to 8,000, 10,000 rooms. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
                                           So when do we see the needle moving, sir, on the underlying front, 
because the valuation or anything else that the company can come under 
the function of the bottom line in it? I'm sure you guys are putting up so 
much effort in adding so many rooms, new brands working so hard, I'm 
sure you look to that as well. So just a broad timeline on when do you 
see it reflecting in the bottom lines? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, Rahul, I just put up this thing, then probably I will request Mr. 
Arjun sir and Keshav sir to add to my reply. See, Rahul, please 
understand one thing, we are at an ROCE of around 17%, 18%. Okay, 
because you are seeing flattish, because we are in a churning stage the 
company is going to take a big leap, but we are in a churning stage. Of 
course, you have a concern and we also have a concern that how do we 
increase our profit and the profit looks flattish. But once things are 
stabilized, definitely you will see a good growth in the company that 
much I am very sure about. And if you really look at the ROCE, the 
deployment of the capital is done very, very intelligently and ROCE of 
17%, 18% is actually not bad.  
 
                                          Of course, we are targeting an ROCE of 20% plus, okay, and which will 
happen in next couple of one year or so, once we have established --
once ICONIQA gets stabilized itself, because we have done funding 
there also. So definitely, you will see this thing and probably I request 
Arjun sir or Keshav sir to add to it. 
 
Keshav Baljee:                 I can add to that. I think if you take the last couple of years, coming out 
of the pandemic, etc., we kind of took a a point of view that while we 
were asset light for a long time, we'd also like to be somewhat asset 
light, right? So we are also putting in capital to use in towards revenue 
sharing these properties and occasionally in the last, I mean, some years 
back or so, we purchased a partner state, etc. 
 
                                          So, while we take these, while we do a ramp up and you've seen a ramp 
up in our revenue this year, right? It's a pretty large revenue ramp up 
compared to some years back, primarily because now we are doing 
revenue sharing properties as well. Now when these properties get 
added there obviously is an IndAS effect, there's an initial ramp up 
effect, there are costs associated, all that stuff. 
 
                                           So I think this will be a definite time for some investors who have been 
patient with us for some time. But I think the reason we are doing this 
is because we understand that not only should the number of keys grow, 
but so should the top line. And also the bottom line, the cash profits, 
which are the most critical things to us. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
 
                                           I believe all of these things will start to show in the numbers soon. But 
yes, there is one additional business model that has been added, 
investors should be aware about it. Earlier when we added management 
contracts, it was a costless way of growing to some extent because 
there's very limited maintenance capex associated with adding new 
keys. 
 
                                          But now when we add keys in the revenue share and lease model, there 
is a cost associated. And with IndAS there was a slightly larger upfront 
loaded cost, which of course we have explained in our investor relations 
as well, investor presentation as well. So that is just something that we 
do want to highlight to all investors that there is a slight change in the 
way when we go from asset light to asset light, there is a slight change 
in our P&L as well. 
 
                                          But you know, as more hotels come on stream, you start to see a much 
higher growth in the bottom line as well, just like how you've seen a 
good growth this year in the top line. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
And Rahul one more thing I would like to add to Keshav sir's reply, 
please understand last two quarters we have been hit by one particular 
factor, the change in the GST module. See earlier we used to charge 
above, below 7500 rates, we used to charge 12% GST and we used to 
get the input credit and we used to set it off against our GST output. But 
now with the change in the regulation, definitely the GST output is 5% 
without input. 
 
                                          So we are getting an input loss. Let me substantiate this, that in this one 
quarter, there was a GST input loss for the entire company by two and 
a half crore, which is a substantial number. We are trying to find out 
ways to mitigate this particular process and this particular cost which 
has come and all of a sudden due to the change in the regulation has 
come. 
 
                                          We're trying to find it out the ways how do we mitigate this particular 
thing and probably we'll come up with better solutions in time to come. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
So I just want to add one quick thing to all of them. You know, 20% of 
our rooms contribute to 80% of the revenue. OK, and until that was, 
until very recently, the Royal Orchid hadn't really made a large 
investment in any asset to get to to the heft of the top line. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
                                          ICONIQA was the first such investment and the hotel really came on 
stream in November. So we usually give it, say, a year of gestation, as 
do you. And you've been kind enough to say that in the past, that about 
a year is what a hotel usually takes for it to to turn the corner. 
 
                                          And so we're hopeful on that. The other flip to add is that how does one 
obviously add assets to the company that are be it Brownfield or any 
assets which are revenue and profit accretive to us. And that is 
something that we're doing very, very actively in our development 
pipeline. 
 
                                          And how do you add hotels that today starting from the get go, one can 
start seeing some form of traction, right? There's no real six, eight 
months of development cycle and then setting up the hotel cycle so you 
want to try and shrink that so ROCE goes up. So I think it's a question 
of time where you will a short time. 
 
                                           Right. And I thank you for your patience for, I think, a decade. But it's                        
just a short while longer and I think the corner is about to be turned. 
 
 
Rahul Bangaria: 
So, sir, the point is well taken and ICONIQA actually gets the benefit 
of doubt for another two, three quarters. Benefit of doubt in the sense it 
gets the time to turn it around and actually show some numbers. So the 
ICONIQA point is well taken. 
 
                                          But even let's say Ex-ICONIQA and X of IndAS, would you think that 
you are happy with the performance that has happened Ex-ICONIQA,  
Ex-IndAS? I'm saying even those numbers haven't moved much. So any 
thoughts there? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes, Rahul, I agree with your statement. I would not say that we are 
very happy. We are trying to find out ways to move. 
 
                                           See, our top line has grown. OK, there's no doubt about that. We are 
our operating margins have grown. 
 
                                          I have no concern. We are looking or finding or we are looking at the 
ways. How do we improve it further so that our PAT grows? 
 
                                          You know, we are we are in a little bad situation as far as the taxation 
also is concerned. Our if you really look at it, the cost of the tax is quite 
high. So we are trying to find out that way also so that our PAT 
improves. But your concern is also our concern and we are definitely 
trying to work towards it. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
So just to add one more thing, Rahul, to help you and to add to Mr. 
Jaiswal's point, you see, when you look at the average hotel size that 
was signed up to say about a year and a half to two years ago, right, 
with sub 50 keys. Now, today you look at the hotels that we are signing, 
right, there are plus sub 80 going up to 100, 120 key management 
contracts as well. Now, all of that helps. 
 
                                          The second piece of the puzzle is, I mean, obviously one is larger hotel 
inventory or larger key inventory per hotel is something that there's an 
active focus on. And the second component that we're actively focused 
on is the premiumization and increasing the average yield per hotel that 
comes with larger hotels, more facilities, so on and so forth. So all of 
that is a very, very active plan that is I guess it's about a year, year and 
a half ago we set this in motion and we're seeing the results with 
developers coming forward to us to to sign interesting hotels that will 
add to a premiumization and be a better yield per asset. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
Great, sir. Thank you for those answers. Jaiswalji, just one more thing, 
just to follow up on your GST thing. 
 
                                          So is it a fair thing to say that two and a half CR that you just mentioned 
is an additional cost that you bore in the quarter, which otherwise would 
have been reflected in the bottom line. And is that sitting in the ITC 
column right now? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes, ITC. And we have to write it off. I can't, I can't help it. 
 
                                           I can't carry it forward. You know what, ITC is not allowed. I will have 
to write it off because my output does not permit me to take the ITC 
input because we are at 5% in the output tax. My output tax is below 
7500 rate. Is that that? So we have been taken by surprise. 
                                          We have done some representation to the government also. And we are 
also trying to find out ways how do we mitigate this particular cost. 
 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
Right. Great, sir. Thank you for answering those questions and all the 
best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Harleen Kaur. Harleen, 
you can go ahead. 
 
 
Harleen Kaur:                 Hello, am I audible? 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. 
 
Harleen Kaur:              Sir, my first question is EBITDA grew 39%, yet PAT declined 39%. 
While the IndAS accounting impact explains part of this. Should 
investors now think of EBITDA or cash profit as the better measure of 
underlying economics of the business? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, I think the investors should look at the non-IndAS numbers. That 
is why we present our numbers, IndAS and without IndAS. So I think 
investors would look at non-IndAS number because that shows the true 
picture of our business. 
 
Harleen Kaur:               Okay, sir. So what would Q1 FY27 PAT have been approximately without 
this accounting impact? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
11.7 crores. Oh, no, no. I'm sorry I'm sorry. I'll just tell you 11.7 crores 
is the one second. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So our, as far as our PAT for the Q1 in FY26 without IndAS is 
concerned, it is 12 crores. 
 
Harleen Kaur:                 Then what about Q1 FY27? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
It is 9.8 crores. 
 
Harleen Kaur:                 OK, sir. So what is the ROCE difference between an owned hotel and a 
managed hotel for Royal Orchid, and where do you see the optimal 
mix? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, managed hotel, we don't invest anything. OK, and we get a 
percentage of the top line and the operating margins. So without 
investment, we are getting some fees. 
 
                                          But of course, we have to spend some money for running those hotels. 
OK, so we do that sales and marketing and all. Whereas owned hotel, 
you invest heavily and then you get a return from that operating margin 
from that hotel. 
 
                                           So this is both a different kind of business, rather I'll say. 
 
Harleen Kaur:           Okay , sir. So one last question. We are seeing the opportunity for 
premiumization of ROHL with ICONIQA. What's the plan and how 
will that over the time improve yield? 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So as Mr. Arjun Baljee has said earlier that ICONIQA is in the stage of 
streamlining the whole thing and it takes little time. The hotel is new 
and all. That is why, for better understanding, we are publishing our 
result with ICONIQA and without ICONIQA so that the investors and 
the analysts can understand the numbers better. So and once we grow 
that brand more, so the numbers will definitely change. 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
I just want to add to one thing. I think just to clarify what Mr. Jaiswal 
was saying and Harleen to add to your question. You know, we just 
opened a hotel in Baroda in Vadodara called the Lakshminarayan 
Palace. Now, it was intentionally branded with the ICONIQA 
collection. It's not an ICONIQA hotel, but it's not a Regenta hotel either. 
It has to be something else. And we have a collection brand sitting there. 
The logic was to tell the customer that it is a palace hotel, but it is in the 
upper upscale segment. OK, and that the connection between Bombay 
and the other hotels, the logic was so that the customer feels, OK, hang 
on. You've got an upper upscale hotel in Bombay. This is of a similar 
vintage. And therefore, you can afford to charge a premium rate. You 
can afford to charge or do better services and all of that. So in time, we 
will use the ICONIQA name selectively, but to try and get a better yield 
on assets that we otherwise would not have been able to. 
 
Harleen Kaur:                 OK, so thank you so much, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Renuka. Renuka, you can 
go ahead. 
 
Renuka Sivasankar:       Yes. Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I had a couple of queries 
with regards to ICONIQA. So what has led to the decline in top line for 
ICONIQA this quarter? The reason I'm asking is because in Q4, the 
occupancy was cited at roughly 60%-odd and April-May run rate was 
given as 80%. So what has led to that sequential decline then from 
2024? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Yes, so two things, Renuka. The Q3, Q4 in a business hotel environment 
is always the best as far as the industry is concerned. You will see across 
the board that Q1 for business hotels especially is the lowest and then it 
picks up over the year. 
 
                                           That's reason number one. Reason number two, the entire market in that 
inbound, near the airport, domestic, international travel market in April 
and May took a huge hit because of all the flight cancellations that 
happened because of the war. And we don't realize that 50% of inbound 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
into India come through three Middle Eastern carriers. That went to 
zero. OK, so you add the two factors. One is the reality that Q1 is always 
the lowest in a business hotel environment. And add to the fact that you 
did have a global issue in April that still persists. 
 
Renuka Sivasankar:        OK, so the in Q4 concall, you had mentioned it was at 80% occupancy 
rate. So for the month of April and May. So I just wanted to clarify that 
number. What was the occupancy for ICONIQA then in the month of 
April, May, June? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Oh, give me one second. I'll just give it to you. Mr. Jaiswal, you have 
that offhand. I'll just. Yeah. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
See, Renuka, see the numbers what we have given in February, March, 
we did 80% occupancy. The occupancy did get hit a little bit in the first 
quarter because of the war, all the business hotel across India has got 
hit. However, the leisure destination did well. 
 
                                           OK, that is why you are seeing the change in the numbers from quarter 
four to quarter one. And the ADR of quarter one and two is different 
from the ADR of quarter three and four. OK, the quarter three and four 
is almost 60% and quarter one and two will be 35, 40%. 
 
                                          That's how the entire business hotel works. And as far as the occupancy 
is concerned, let me tell you, in April, we did an occupancy of 79%. It 
dropped a bit in May. May dropped to around 60 odd percent. And then 
in June also, we did around 70. 70%.That's all. 
 
Renuka Sivasankar:       OK, but on an average, it would have been higher compared to Q4, right? 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
No, no, no. No, not at all. 
 
Amit Jaiswal:                    Q4 is the best, always. 
 
Renuka Sivasankar:       OK, so can you just give me the number for Q4 for ICONIQA? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So Q4, we were at in 80% around. 
 
Renuka Sivasankar:        OK, OK. And currently in the month of August, what would be the rate 
like? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Rain. It has rained heavily in Bombay in July and August. It has rained 
havoc. So definitely it has hit the occupancy a little bit, but post-October 
it will grow. 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
 
Renuka Sivasankar:       OK, OK. Yeah, I'll join back in the queue. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the follow up question from Rahul. Rahul, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
So just a question on ICONIQA, given the numbers that you've 
reported, let's say IndAS impact if we remove what annualized top line 
of 85 crores is broadly 80-85 crores broadly is where we break even 
without IndAS, if I'm saying. Once you pay the lead as well.  
 
 
Amit Jaiswal:                Yes, yes, yes, you are right, Rahul. 85 crores, we will definitely break 
even. 
 
 
Rahul Bangadia:            That's a that's a PBT break-even. EBITDA should not be a big number. 
Depreciation should not be a big number anyways. 
 
Amit Jaiswal:                     No, no, EBITDA. Yes.  
 
Rahul Bangadia:      OK. And anything you make above 85, whatever that number is, 
incrementally? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
50% of anything above 85, 50% will go down to the bottom line. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
50% should be higher, sir. I'm just trying to understand because... 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
A little more, you can take a little more. Fixed costs are covered, right? 
Fixed costs are already covered. Fixed costs are mostly there. So 
roughly around 60-65% will definitely go down. We are targeting       
100 crores, to be very frank, Rahul, let me tell you, we are targeting 100 
crores. But let's see how the business moves in the third and fourth 
quarter. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
And how do you see the, see, your lease rentals are tied up for the next, 
for all the time that you have the property on lease, right? Absolutely. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Yes. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
How do you see your ADRs over the next two, three, four years? Do 
you see a scope of increasing them over time? Does that 100 crores, can 
you touch 120, 130 in a, whatever? 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Arjun Baljee: 
Rahul, let me take that quickly. See, we opened in November. We 
missed the entire RFP season. OK, where you have corporate 
contracting that goes on. We missed that entire season. Now, so when 
you opened, you're effectively scrambling for guests on the online travel 
portals, you're scrambling from existing relationships. And while we 
say, listen we've opened there, so did three other hotels at the same time. 
Fairmont for 50 keys, Hilton Garden Inn opened with 170, and Roswin 
opened soon after that with 110. So you add about a thousand keys 
addition within walking distance of our hotel. Right. That was, look at 
it from that context. We don't come with a legacy international pipe so 
we have to go and fight for every business that we get. And we've seen 
a huge amount of acceptance of the product and the service, right, from 
the customers who've used the hotel. We are now seeing repeat 
business. And therefore, we are seeing people coming in and signing up 
long term or as I say, the contracts with the hotel for the season ahead. 
Please also remember that we are seven, eight months old. OK, so year 
one will be settling in. Year two will see increase in ADRs. Absolutely. 
Right. And year three, obviously, the ADRs will keep going up. You 
know, and that is that is obvious. Right. Or rather, that's expected. But 
so to give you some hope, can we increase ADRs? Absolutely. And I 
think year one was about trying to find a place for the hotel in the 
market, which is actually quite a cluttered market. 
 
Rahul Bangadia: 
Right. Thank you. Thank you for answering. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take a follow up question from Surbhi. Surbhi, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. I had one more question. I wanted to know, employee cost 
has increased substantially over the last eight quarters in standalone 
business from 19-20% levels to 23% levels. What is the, why is the 
employee cost rising so sharply while revenue continues to be where it 
was seven to eight quarters back? 
 
Keshav Baljee:               Yeah, look, this year, also, there was a new wage code. So there was a 
slight increase due to the new wage code, which we have taken. And 
there has also been annual increments, which are part of part and parcel 
of the hospitality industry. Some increases in costs are due to the new 
leases we have taken. Some are due to the strengthening of the 
management team. But I think, like I said across the group, we are going 
to see some optimization of the costs as the revenues start to kick in 
based on all the expansions that we're doing based on the asset rate 
program. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Okay. So when do you think this will stabilize as percent of revenue? 
 
Keshav Baljee:                Look, I think we have some new properties opening this year. And we 
also, but we anticipate this to be sort of range bound within what it was 
a couple years back and what we are in terms of the percentage. But the 
revenues are going to increase. So I think another year or so things 
should start to stabilize, you know. So we've had, like I said, the new 
wage code coming. So that is, that has been a slight step up. Amit, you 
can quantify. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
So Surbhi, let me tell you, if you take the whole year round, see the 
revenues are scattered from first quarter to fourth quarter, but the wage 
remains fixed, more or less. So if you take the revenues from the whole 
year round, the average cost will come around 20 to 23% only. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Okay. So when do you think Royal Orchid can realistically build 100 to 
150 crore annual management fee business without taking significant 
balance sheet risk? And by when do you see that happening? 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
We have given a vision of 2030 and we are targeting that date. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
Okay. 
 
Keshav Baljee:              Right. I just want to clarify the vision. 2030 did not give a target of 
whether it is revenue or fees. So we just want to clarify that is the case. 
We are not assuring any date for hitting 150 crores of management fees 
from our side. While we are at a good run rate and we have grown fees 
about 14% last year, we are at 7,700 keys. We expect to be at 11,000 
plus in the next 24 months or so. And we, of course, have a good 
pipeline and a good vision. We have a tie up with Hampton by Hilton. 
So all these are positive. But look, obviously, given the, as we said last 
quarter, given the war scenario, we are trying our best not to give any 
projections. And then, of course, 150 crore fee number is a very, very, 
very large number. Two and a half. 
 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
Almost three times. 
 
 
Keshav Baljee:                Yeah. So that is a very large number. I don't have a date for that. But 
yes, we are looking to absolutely double this in as short a time as 
possible. 
 

Royal Orchid Hotels Ltd. 
Q1 FY27 Post Earnings Conference Call 
August 14, 2026 5:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
So one more thing, even on the annualized bassinit has increased from 
17% in FY23 to 21% in FY26. 
 
Amit Jaiswal: 
No, Surbhi, absolutely. Please understand, FY23 cannot be compared 
because it was just after the COVID. OK, COVID, we had scaled down 
the entire operation to a a big way. And then that's why FY23, the 
numbers are quite enterprising. But industry standards, if you look at it, 
it's around 20 to 23%. In our segment, you will find the cost. So it will 
hover around that. 
 
Surbhi Mishra: 
OK, thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In case anyone has a question, we use the option of raise 
hand. Sir, since there are no further questions, would you like to give 
your closing comments? 
 
Chander Baljee: 
Yeah. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I really appreciate your 
queries in this session. And we will take note of all the points raised by 
you. And we can assure you better results in the quarters to come. Thank 
you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you to the management team for your valuable time. 
Thank you to all the participants for joining on the call. This brings us 
to the end of today's conference call. You may all disconnect now. 
Thank you all. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
