 
 
 
19 August 2026 
 
The Secretary 
Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
The Secretary 
 
                  
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
       
Bandra Kurla Complex 
        
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Audio Recording and Transcript of Investor call 
 
We herewith enclosed the transcript of investors call for the financial results for the 
quarter ending 30 June 2026. 
 
Audio recording of the investor call is available in the following link: 
 
https://youtu.be/TC6tmCzB-yI 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Page Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
Murugesh C 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
MURUGESH C
Digitally signed by 
MURUGESH C 
Date: 2026.08.19 10:43:59 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Page Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 13, 2026 
 
  
 
 
      
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V.S. GANESH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PAGE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPANJAN BANDYOPADHYAY – CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. KARTHIK YATHINDRA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – PAGE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PURVANGI JAIN -- VALOREM ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Page Industries Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and 
over to you, Ms. Jain. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for 
participating in the company’s earnings call for the first quarter of the financial year 2027. 
 
Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today’s earnings 
conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject 
to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management’s belief as well as assumptions made by and information 
currently available to the management. 
 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements 
in making any investment decisions. The purpose of today’s conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company’s fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating with us in today’s earnings 
call, and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. V.S. Ganesh, 
Managing Director, Mr. Deepanjan Bandyopadhyay, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Karthik 
Yathindra, Chief Executive Officer. 
 
Without any delay, I request Mr. V.S. Ganesh to start with his opening remarks. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
V.S. Ganesh: 
Thank you. Thank you so much, and good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the 
earnings call for the first quarter of FY27. I am joined by our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. 
Deepanjan, and our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Karthik. 
 
I will begin with a brief overview of the business and the quarter. Following which, Mr. 
Deepanjan will take you through the financial performance in detail. We will then be happy to 
take your questions. 
 
Let me begin by saying that we are encouraged by the underlying performance of the business 
during the quarter, particularly the volume growth. Consumer demand remained healthy with 
good traction across our key channels, including exclusive brand stores, e-commerce, and our 
wider retail network. Our new product introductions, including JKY Groove, also received 
encouraging consumer response. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
While volume performance was strong, reported revenue was moderated by temporary quarter-
end logistics and manpower-related constraints. This affected billing during the period. The 
underlying demand and volume momentum therefore remained better than what was reported 
as revenue growth. 
 
The quarter also reflected inflationary pressure across key inputs, particularly cotton and 
synthetic materials, amid a volatile external environment. As regards pricing, we remain 
calibrated and chose to absorb part of the input cost increase, balancing margin protection with 
consumer value and competitiveness. This approach helped us stay competitive, while the 
subsequent moderation in some input costs supported our position. 
 
At the same time, we continue to grow strongly. We continue to focus strongly on productivity 
and operational efficiency. Our strategic sourcing and supply chain initiatives helped us mitigate 
some of the cost pressures. We are also seeing steady progress in the scale-up of our Odisha and 
K.R. Pet manufacturing facilities, which will progressively enhance our production capabilities 
and efficiency. 
 
Our digital transformation journey also continues to progress across ERP, distribution 
management, and HR transformation. We are also working on our consumer data platform. 
These investments are aimed at creating a more agile and data-driven organization and in 
improving the way we serve our consumers and retail partners. 
 
Our distribution network remains a significant strength with 115,871 multi-brand outlets, 1,640 
exclusive brand stores, and 930 large format stores. Our online channel also continued to deliver 
healthy growth. 
 
Financially, revenue grew by 7.9% during the quarter, and profit after tax declined by 4%, 
reflecting the combined impact of input cost pressure and the temporary constraints on 
converting underlying volume into billings. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain very confident in the underlying health of the business. We see 
multiple growth opportunities from volume recovery, new products, premiumization, retail and 
e-commerce expansion, and through improving our supply chain and manufacturing 
efficiencies. 
 
In fact, looking at the demand signals, we are working hard in augmenting our in-house 
capacities and also working on improving our outsourcing garment supplies so as to cater to the 
demand. Our focus remains unchanged to strengthen the brand, deliver greater value to 
consumers, improve availability, and grow the business sustainably and profitably. 
 
I would like to thank all our shareholders for their continued trust and support. 
 
With this, may I now request Mr. Deepanjan to take you through the financial performance in 
greater detail. Thank you, and over to you, Deepanjan. 
Deepanjan B.: 
Thank you, V.S. ji. Good afternoon, everyone. I will now provide an overview of the company’s 
financial performance for quarter one FY27. In quarter one, revenue was INR14,204 million, 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
which is a 7.9% growth year-on-year. Sales volume in the quarter was 61.9 million pieces, 
growing by 5.7% year-on-year. 
 
EBITDA for the period was INR2,890 million, which has declined by 1.9% year-on-year. 
EBITDA margin was 20.3%, while EBITDA margin was within our planned range of 19% to 
21%, a stronger EBITDA margin of 22.4% in Q1 FY26 due to the stable input cost then resulted 
in the decline in EBITDA in the current quarter. 
Profit after tax for the quarter was INR1,928 million, declining by around 4% year-on-year. 
Inventory days was 66 in the end of quarter one, as against 73 days in the beginning of the 
quarter. Net working capital, days was around 54 days as against 56 days in the beginning of 
the quarter. 
With that, we can now take up the queries. 
Moderator: 
Shall we open the line for questions? 
Deepanjan B.: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from 
the line of Ashutosh Joytiraditya with ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Yes, hi. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. So, I have two questions. First one is on the volume 
growth trajectory. So, I believe like in Q4 what you have highlighted that we are focused to 
deliver the double-digit kind of a volume growth going ahead, but I don't understand like what 
was the miss there. And second question is on the pricing thing. 
 
So as far as I remember, last quarter the management said that in January the price hike that was 
taken, it was mainly to improve the product quality and they were anticipating that there will be 
some calibrated price hikes going forward to mitigate the raw material impact. But again, on 
that front also, what I can understand is that the management seems to have missed the outlook 
what they have given. Yes, two questions. Thank you, sir. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thanks, Ashutosh, for the question. On the volume side, I think we still remain committed 
towards the goal of a double-digit growth in terms of volume for the financial year. This is going 
to be phased across quarters. And with regards to the quarter 1 deliveries, there were two major 
pieces that has affected the volume delivery. 
One is a planned one, which is structural in terms of how we are planning our growth across 
quarters. With the ARS now fully in place, we're also not front-loading our performance like it 
used to be and hence, schemes and incentives for the trade has been designed in a way that it is 
better distributed between quarters. 
So structurally itself, you will see a difference between performance between quarters. 
However, the annual goal remains unchanged, which is to aim for a double-digit growth in 
volume. The second bit which has affected the quarter delivery has been essentially our 
undelivered billing. So, unlike the last year Q1, this year we've had extraordinary volume that 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
has not been delivered in spite of being billed. That's because of the disruption we have 
experienced in the logistics and manpower towards the quarter end. This is what was narrated 
also in the MD's commentary. 
 
These two have impacted volume growth reported for quarter 1, both of which we believe one 
planned, the other is temporary and hence should be absorbed going forward. With regards to 
price increase, you're right, the January price increase was largely to enhance the product itself 
and was not linked to input cost. 
We have undertaken a price increase partially to absorb the input cost in quarter 1. This was 
done sometime in mid of May. However, the full gains of the price increase has still not been 
realized and that's something that we'll be realizing in quarter 2 purely because of the FIFO 
principles that we operate in our billing. 
So large portion of what was invoiced in quarter 1 was the previous pricing and the gains from 
the price increase, which was taken in quarter -- in the mid of May would be realized in quarter 
2. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Okay. And sir, just on your reply on the volume growth so as per my understanding, like you 
are saying that for the remaining 3 quarters, we should be seeing like 11%, 12% kind of average 
volume growth and how confident you are -- sorry? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Fairly confident given how the demand atmosphere has been in quarter 1. So we should see 
recovery for us to make up for lost ground in quarter 1. 
Ashutosh Joytiraditya: 
Okay, fair point, sir. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Next question comes from the line of Videesha Sheth with AMBIT Capital. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Yes, hi. Thank you. Sir, my first question was on the comment made on the new product lines. 
So which segments would it be focused towards besides the younger consumers who grow our 
licensed merchandise, if you could help on that, please? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
So, we've got product introductions across the category. Some of it has hit the market in quarter 
1. Some of them will go through in quarter 2 before the festive season is upon us. Quarter 1, the 
big ones were Groove 3, which is our street fashion line, was launched in the month of June. 
This is our third line. If you recall, we had launched this as a proposition starting quarter 1 last 
year. This year, the collection was taken to close to 500 exclusive brand stores across the country 
and has been received very, very well and our sell-through numbers look very good. 
So this is the large one. Other than that, we've had specific products that have come in across 
the portfolio. Another big piece is the collaboration with Disney and Marvel to bring in character 
merchandise. But this again while the go-to-market was planned towards the end of June, a large 
portion of revenues from this will be realized in quarter 2. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Okay. So just two follow-ups to this. One is that in this license merchandising piece, it's quite a 
competitive space with multiple D2C players already present. So what is the differentiated 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
opportunity that Jockey as a brand has? And the second would be fair to assume that new 
product lines will be dedicated to the athleisure space rather than the innerwear space? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Okay. So specifically on the character merchandise, you're right. I think they're prevalent across 
many brands, both D2C brands as well as legacy brands. We are looking to differentiate this 
with the design aesthetic and the signature handwriting that we have the opportunity to put out 
in the market. Of course, this is backed by the trust and the quality that you can expect with 
Jockey merchandise. These two pieces I believe will help differentiate our product offering 
when compared to the rest of them in the market. 
And the start is this with Disney and Marvel. This also opens up a window for us to collaborate 
with other licenses in the character merchandise space going forward. As far as the second 
question is concerned, there will be upgrades as well as newness across the portfolio. But the 
large pieces, which will be backed with marketing investments, new propositions, etcetera, is 
going to be in the athleisure space. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Got it. And the second question was on the inventory level. So further reduction of inventory 
days from 73 to 66 or 67, could that also lead to loss of sales to some extent? So what's the 
thought process here in bringing down inventory levels all the more? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No, right observation. I don't think our intention is to bring down inventory levels any further. 
And we should admit there has been some level of lost sales opportunity in quarter one as well 
because of non-availability, and this was largely attributed to some level of disruptions we've 
had on the supply side in quarter one. But I think we've reached optimum level of inventory 
both in the value chain as well as the inventory at Page level. 
In fact, we are now looking at augmenting capacities, investing above plan in terms of 
manufacturing to make sure that both in-house as well as out-source, to make sure that we're 
able to do justice to the demand that's coming our way. 
Vidisha Seth: 
Got it. And just last bit, if I may, would it be possible to give a ballpark range in the difference 
between primary and secondary growth in this quarter? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
We don't give away secondary numbers, but I can say that secondary growth performance has 
been much better than primary, this largely because of the undelivered inventory and hence us 
not reporting it as primary in quarter one. 
Vidisha Seth: 
Sure. Thanks for that. I'll get back in the queue for further questions. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Saurabh Kundan with Goldman Sachs. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Yeah, thank you very much. So Karthik, my question was actually around the logistics 
disruptions only. If you could just double-click in on exactly what these were and some idea on 
the quantum of the undelivered volume will really help. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
And related to that question, does this mean that for the year you said double-digit volume 
growth is your target, could it be a little bit higher in 2Q because 2Q will have this undelivered 
volume and then also whatever the underlying volume is there in 2Q? And could you please 
double-click exactly what manpower issues and what logistics issues these were? Thanks. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yeah. So, this was actually disruption because, partly to be attributable to the rumors around 
escalation in fuel prices, availability of fuel itself, and hence with -- and all of our logistics are 
third-party, and the third-party labor having a concern given the SAR drive that was undertaken 
through the month of June. 
We had disruptions in the last mile delivery with our distributors towards the end of June. That's 
what has impacted deliveries and without -- I mean, I cannot exactly quantify it, but what I can 
say is roughly and ready, about three days of billing went undelivered when compared to 
normal. 
So typically, every quarter we have – quarter ending we have about three to four days of billing 
that does not get delivered and gets pushed to the next quarter. This year, that moved to about 
seven days. So, a delta of about three days of invoiced revenue -- invoiced billing, was not 
reported as revenue this quarter one. So that's what has impacted. 
And on your second observation, largely yes, majority of this should be reported in quarter two. 
And anyway, the next three quarters, given that our goal is to hit a double-digit volume, should 
see above-average volume growth to make up for the shortfalls in quarter one. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. Just one more question, the difference between value and volume this time is a little bit 
lower than it was in let's say the previous quarter, which is basically the price and mix. So 
pricing ideally should have been slightly higher than previous quarter because we took 
something in May. So what changed that the difference should shrink a little bit if you can just 
let us know, and what's your outlook going forward? Yeah. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yeah, so two pieces there. One is the product mix like you rightly pointed out. We've had some 
of our lower ASP products like accessories and socks, in a way, again this is by design in terms 
of scheme design, seeing above-average performance in quarter one, which has in a way 
contributed to a lower ASP. 
And the second is the price increase taken in May like I mentioned earlier, not much of it we've 
realized in quarter one in terms of benefit. That's something that will flow in from quarter two. 
So, the outlook going forward will definitely be much bigger difference between volume and 
value performance than what we've seen in quarter one, purely attributable to mix as well as the 
price increase in May which will start kicking in by quarter two. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Tejash Shah with Avendus Spark Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Tejash Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Couple of questions. Given the rise of e-commerce and digital 
channels in our mix, how are you leveraging real-time data analytics to harmonize let's say 
channel pricing, maintain margin parity, and also build some sort of KYC on the consumer base 
as well? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thanks, Tejash, for this question. On pricing parity, see, because there is no real-time data 
required, because we anyway don't -- unlike most other brands, our pricing, we follow a uniform 
consumer pricing principle, irrespective of the channel of purchase. So there is no quick deals 
or flash sales or any kind of markdowns at any given point in time for the end consumer, 
irrespective of where that consumer is shopping. 
However, to your larger point of about how we're leveraging data, we are probably in the apparel 
consumer space, we are best positioned to leverage consumer data given the large set of 
consumers that we serve. And in terms of D2C, our avenues today is jockey.in as well as EBOs, 
where we have direct first-party information. 
We are trying to synthesize this data -- first-party consumer data by building a CDP, a consumer 
data platform, which is largely in place. We should be going live by the end of August. We are 
now ensuring that we're being completely compliant with the DPDP Act and ensuring that all 
forms of consent in usage of this data is being secure. 
Once that is done, we would be in a position to leverage it. Now leveraging this data is on two 
fronts. One is the direct impact on revenue in sense of cross-selling and up-selling products. The 
second and more importantly and a little bit more strategic is about understanding consumer 
buying behavior, having cohort-level analysis of what is being bought and feeding that back 
into our category management and product design teams to better make informed decisions on 
what to launch, how much to launch, etcetera. So that's something that we're building as a 
foundational capability within the organization. 
Tejash Shah: 
Super. And just one follow-up there. At what stage do you expect this digital investments to 
kind of become a source of efficiency tailwind also to let's say unlock operating leverage and 
specifically the DMS improving inventory turns and replacement cycle also across the 
distribution network? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yeah. So the DMS is underway, but we've not yet completely moved ahead. It's still a very 
small portion of distributors who are on DMS today. But the goal is by end of this year or latest 
first quarter of next year, all of the distributors in our network should be on DMS and then give 
it about a quarter more to stabilize as a tool and thereafter you will start seeing efficiencies 
coming into the system. 
Tejas Shah: 
Great. Thanks, and all the best for coming quarters. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thank you, Tejas. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Avi Mehta with Macquarie Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Avi Mehta: 
Yeah, hi Karthik and hi team. Sorry, just two bits I wanted to understand on this growth outlook. 
You know, the way you essentially witnessing and just clarifying, there should be in the next 
quarter, there should be a benefit of this lost billing days as well as the underlying sales sequence 
strength which we saw. I just wanted to clarify that part. And that should rationally flow in the 
next quarter only, right? Is that a fair expectation to have? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
That's correct. I think that's a fair expectation to have. 
Avi Mehta: 
Perfect. And just on the input cost bit. See, I mean, if I recollect there was some low-cost 
inventory benefit that we had in this quarter despite that gross margin did come under pressure. 
Wanted to just appreciate how are we placed now? And should we see sequential margins kind 
of more or less now improving or is there some pressure in the near-term that we should kind 
of build in? And in turn, how do you see the full year EBITDA margin guidance? Would you 
retain that at 19% to 21%? Thank you. 
Management: 
Yeah. As we stand…. 
Management: 
So… 
Management: 
Yeah. As we stand…. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Okay, go ahead. Deepanjan, please go ahead. 
Deepanjan Bandyopadhyay: 
Okay, so mid of last quarter, yes, we did see inflationary conditions in the input cost, 
especially cotton and nylon and even synthetic packaging. In fact, fabrics also went up and as 
well as any synthetic products that we are buying, which is petroleum based. There also there 
was a significant escalation. 
So while we did pre-positioning of supplies, we couldn't fully absorb the extreme increases that 
happened. But yes, end of June and even now, the situation has to a large extent normalized and 
going forward we expect things to be stable. Of course, if there is again an escalation in the 
Middle East situation, it can happen differently. But as of now, we expect things should be 
stable. And with that, our annual outlook on EBITDA margin will still be within this 19% to 
21%. 
Avi Mehta: 
Sorry, Deepanjan, just clarifying. You have -- the price basically what I'm trying to understand 
is the price hike that has been taken passes on the current input cost and hence kind of gets us 
back to earlier gross margins. That understanding is clear, I wanted to confirm. 
Deepanjan Bandyopadhay: You're right. So we did initiate the pricing piece as Karthik said in mid of May. It didn't absorb 
the entire impact of cost input increase. Now that will completely flow in Q2 and with that we 
should start getting the civilization in the gross margins. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Got it.  
Management: 
So, I think Deepanjan just … 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Karthik Yathindra: 
If I may just clarify Avi, sorry. Let me just clarify. I think the price increase that we have taken 
does not completely absorb the input cost. If the input costs continue to be or resumes to the 
level of what it was in April and May, then the quantum of price increase will not be enough to 
absorb the complete input costs. 
We have taken, and I think that's what MD also mentioned in his commentary, we've taken a 
very measured approach, keeping in mind not to out-price ourselves and keeping 
competitiveness in the market in mind. We have partially absorbed the input cost increases in 
the form of MRP increase. 
Believing that, many of these both the raw material increase as well as operational costs through, 
you know, logistics, etcetera are temporary in nature and should in a way stabilize going 
forward. So we've not in a way attempted to completely absorb the input cost in the form of 
MRP increase taken in May. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it, very clear on this Karthik. Karthik, I just had a bookkeeping and if anyone could just 
clarify the Speedo, the drop in MBOs, is there anything that we should be aware of? That’s all. 
Thank you. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, I think we've gone through a consolidation, especially in the swim business in the offline 
space, given how quickly that business has moved from offline to online. Today, our online 
contribution to the overall Speedo business is upwards of 35%. And hence, the our network of 
multi-brand outlets for Speedo has consolidated to about 700 stores in quarter one. 
But if I had to consider quarter four as well as quarter one, because typically multi-brand 
stores/traders tend to build up inventory at the beginning of the season, which for Speedo is 
typically January, February. If I had to combine the two, it's about 950 odd stores. 
Avi Mehta: 
Got it. Thank you very much, that's all from my side. 
Management: 
Yeah. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham with HSBC. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Yes, hi team. Good evening. Am I audible? 
Deepanjan Bandyopadhyay:Yes, Nihal. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, Nihal, please go ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Yes, sir. Couple of questions so first one is again on the impact. You did highlight about the 
second part, which was the undelivered billing. Just to understand the first part. We have ARS 
being fully in place and as you highlighted it in Q4 also that the channel inventory across all 
segments is sort of normalized, let's say, close to between 45 days. 
So with that as a framework, what is the kind of normalization that we are looking at in terms 
of sales, because generally Q1 is one of the higher quarters, given it's also a back-to-school kind 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
of a quarter, so just wanted to understand, the first part better in terms of the two impacts that 
you highlighted. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yeah, so it's got to do with how we design our schemes across months in the year. You would 
also have, if you see the last two years performance, you will see how contribution of each 
quarter to the overall annual number has gotten a little more flatter. Prior to the implementation 
of ARS, we had quarter one being the biggest quarter of the year, which does, which is not the 
case in the last bygone year as well. 
We are trying to see how we can normalize between the four quarters in terms of equal 
contribution. Obviously, seasonality will play a role, which is beyond what we tend to design. 
But by design, to make sure that there is no inflation of inventory or any kind of push abnormally 
in one quarter when compared to the other. That's why we are trying to design our schemes to 
ensure that between quarters by design there is normalization. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Understood, Karthik. The related question to this was, you did highlight the impact of three days 
ballpark, which could have been related to the billing. Now if you just take a very crude of, say, 
three days' contribution to the quarter, it is like a 3%, 3.5%. And, you know, we were clocking 
like a 14%, 15% growth in Q4. 
 
So, is it fair to assume seeing that, you seeing that underlying momentum of secondary similar 
that because of this normalization, the 2%, 3% impact in the growth moderation is more related 
to this normalization and the secondary trends or the tertiary, if you have your EBO data sort of 
remains similar to Q4? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yeah. In fact, EBO has been better than Q4. We've seen quarter 1 perform better than quarter 4 
when it comes to tertiary level performance and the EBOs as well as distribution secondary. But 
coming back to your observation on impact on the top line, I think you're more or less there in 
terms of what impact it has had on the top line. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Got that. And final bit on the RM impact side. So incrementally, we would have covered for 
what proportion of the RM inflation that we are seeing with the second price hike in May also 
that we've implemented? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Very difficult to put a number or say what percentage of the impact has been offset with the 
price increase because it's been very volatile. March and April operated at very different levels. 
We saw further escalation in May, a sharp decline in June, then again gone up towards the end 
of June. 
 
So it's very difficult to put a number and say this portion of -- this amount of increase in input 
cost has been covered with MRP increase. What I can say for me is that it's only partially 
covered. It's also got to do with how we are forecasting the RM prices to be and that's a bit of a 
punt because we don't want to be in a position where we've outpriced ourselves because we 
don't want to discount the brand later on. 
And hence, we've seen a trend towards prices coming back not to, let's say, the pre-war situation, 
but definitely better than what it was in April and May and hence, it's a waiting game as we go 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
ahead. We are hopeful that it will not escalate to the extent that we need to come up with another 
price intervention. We believe that with this price intervention, we can operate in our targeted 
EBITDA range of 19% to 21%. As long as we're able to operate in that space, I think the intent 
would be to hold prices and drive volumes. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Got that. Thank you so much, Karthik, I'll try coming back in the queue. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sameer Gupta with IIFL Capital and India 
Infoline. Please go ahead. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi, sir. Good evening and thanks for taking my question. First question is basically on the RM 
side only. So I understand you will not be able to quantify what kind of RM inflation you are 
facing, but can you quantify the kind of price hikes that have grown and gone in the system? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, yes. So it's about 2.2% weighted average increase that we have taken in the month of May. 
This is on the back of 2.5%, which was taken in the month of Jan. Jan of course had nothing to 
do with input price, but the May one, the 2.2% is directly as a result of increase in RM cost. 
Sameer Gupta: 
And just a follow-up on this one. So basically in the first quarter, you still would be having a 
lower cost inventory given that price escalation only started from March onwards. So suffice to 
say that as you basically encompass the new price inventory in 2Q, these price hikes will flow 
through and net-net, we are in a similar situation as in 1Q? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No. See, if you see the number of days of finished goods inventory that we started with, we had 
some level of pre-war inventory and a lot of March inventory as well and in a way, that is a net-
net situation when it comes to Q1 opening. So large portion of our finished goods and to some 
portion, the raw material that was procured was through April and May. 
 
But we also have prepositioning of inventory specifically in raw materials to offset this RM 
escalation impact. But again, the escalation has been much higher than what we had anticipated. 
So that impact did flow in, in quarter 1. So the price increase in May should help offset that 
partially and now that raw material prices are better than what it was in April, May, it should 
have a net-net equal impact and take us back to early Q1 kind of a scenario. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Okay. So with the price hike, you will be back to like pre-Q1 assuming that the prices stay 
where they are today? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes, going forward because we've already -- I mean the prices have come down when compared 
to April and May. If it sustains at this level, we should be okay. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Fair, fair. Second question, very different versus what has been asked. So there has been a 
minimum wage hike in Karnataka and while garmenting at this point is still out, but we still 
have a very large workforce which is based in that state. A large number of our manufacturing 
units are there. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
 
Fingers crossed, but if we were to assume the worst were to happen here, a similar kind of 60% 
minimum wage hike if it includes garmenting as well, what kind of margin pressure are we 
looking at? Any indication you can give will be helpful. And another way to look at it would be 
how much percentage of our employee cost is basically at minimum wage in Karnataka? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
So, the first announcement that was made with this regard -- see, by the way, the minimum 
wage increase for garmenting has already been actioned in the month of April, which was 
applicable for garment industry. That's already flown into the salaries and it is in a way hit our 
P&L as well. 
 
Now the announcement that was made towards mid-May, which did not affect garmenting 
industry, still affects us marginally because of, let's say, third-party employed support staff like 
security, like drivers, like our sales specialists at the stores, all within the Karnataka state. It is 
only to that effect that this second announcement by the government of Karnataka is going to 
have an impact, which is not a material impact in terms of the overall P&L. 
By the way, that also has now been withheld temporarily with the latest announcement made 
towards the end of July by Government of Karnataka. So as of now -- and the first announcement 
was challenged and was in the court. Meanwhile, by the end of July, the government has 
withheld that announcement temporarily. 
So even if that were to go through, it's not going to have a massive impact because it does not 
affect employees who are directly related to garmenting. So all of our tailors who are today 
governed by the minimum wage code do not get impacted by this announcement. 
Sameer Gupta 
So you're saying that even like if there was a rollback of the minimum wages, it will still exclude 
garmenting or the employees which are directly employed at your place, that's what you're 
saying, right? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Yes. It always was. The announcement by the government anyway did not cover the garmenting 
industry. For garmenting industry, a separate announcement was made in the month of April 
itself, new minimum wages announced, and the same was passed on to all eligible employees. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. But subsequent to that in May, I think there is a review committee separately made 
just to relook at garmenting. And that is why the question, that if we were to assume a similar 
kind of minimum wage hike that comes in through garmenting, what kind of margin impact are 
we foreseeing? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Okay, that is something that we have not done, maybe something that we can do when come 
back with a number. Because the announcement that was made was clear that it was not to do 
with garmenting. It still affects us like I said for associates who are not directly involved in 
garmenting, but that did not have a material impact on the P&L. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Last question… 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
V.S. Ganesh: 
And just to clarify even that initiative also by the government seems to be going slow because 
there has been a change of hands with government at the industry level and things are going 
very slow on that front. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. That's very helpful. Last question if I may squeeze in. I have seen your annual report 
and in that the ad spends, selling and distribution expenses are down 5% in FY ‘26, and I believe 
this also includes the commissions that are paid to the third-party e-commerce channels. 
 
Now in a year where e-commerce has grown at 60%, I was just wondering why overall ad 
spends are down 5%. Would it imply that we have meaningfully moved to an outright sale 
model to e-commerce platforms? And if yes, what is the rationale and if you could give the 
salience of outright sale and marketplace model within e-commerce? The other implication 
would be the brand level sales itself has been meaningfully cut down. Again, just wondering 
why that should happen. 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Okay. So within the e-commerce business itself, if you had to look at it between marketplace 
model and outright model, yes, the contribution has shifted more towards the outright model. 
And this is largely because of quick commerce. Quick commerce, we cannot operate on a 
marketplace model. With the large – with the, you know, fast pace expansion of the quick 
commerce players, all of them operate on a outright model with Jockey, and that's why you see 
a swing in business tilting towards outright when compared to marketplace. 
Even with traditional marketplaces, our endeavor is to actually operate on an outright model 
when compared to marketplace because the last mile delivery and consumer experience happens 
to be better, because we today operate with two fulfillment centers, one in South and one in 
North, whereas most e-commerce players that you can think of operate with a lot more DCs, 
distribution centers and fulfillment centers, and hence the SLA to the, the TAT to deliver to end 
consumer is much better and results in a better consumer experience. So that's something that 
has definitely had an impact. 
In terms of overall brand spends, the difference that you're seeing is because the year before last 
financial year, we had a large campaign for the World Cup, which was a disproportionate spend, 
which did not follow through in the last financial year. That's the delta that you see in terms of 
lesser spends at a brand level. Otherwise, the intent is to continue operating between a 4 to 5 
percentage of the revenue towards marketing. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it. Just very clear. Just a follow-up here. So basically, going towards an outright model, you 
also will be losing control of pricing on these marketplaces. Would you be comfortable with 
that as a strategy? 
Karthik Yathindra: 
No, so we are looking to have the best of both worlds. We are in strategic partnership with both 
of our – with majority of the marketplaces where we are operating in outright to ensure that 
price governance is maintained and we don't in a way dilute pricing principles to the end 
consumer. We're fairly confident that that is something that we'll be able to maintain. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it, sir. Thanks a lot for all these very detailed answers. I'll come back in the queue for follow-
ups. 

 
 
Page Industries Limited 
 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Karthik Yathindra: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, we have reached the end of 
question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Deepanjan Bandyopadhyay:Thank you for being with us today. We truly appreciate your continued interest, confidence and 
support. While the operating environment continues to evolve, our focus remains clear: serve 
our consumers better, to strengthen our brands, execute with discipline and build a business that 
creates enduring value. We look forward to engaging with you again in the next quarter. Thank 
you, again. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Page Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
