 SECY/GRSE/BD-69/AM/01/26-27 
 11 Aug 2026 
 To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: GRSE 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 542011 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investors/Analyst Conference Call for Q1 of FY27 of GRSE – Reg 30 
1.
Further to our Intimation Letter No. SECY/GRSE/BD-69/AM/01/26-27 dated
03 Aug 2026, we wish to inform that Conference Call was held on Thursday, 06 August, 2026
at 03.30 P.M. to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter
ended 30th June, 2026 and road ahead.
2.
In this regard and pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the
Transcript of the Investors/Analyst Conference Call for Q1 & FY 27 of the Company is
enclosed herewith.
3.
This is for your information and records.
Thanking You,
Yours faithfully, 
For Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited 
Sandeep Mahapatra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No. ACS 10992 
SANDEEP 
MAHAPATRA
Digitally signed by 
SANDEEP MAHAPATRA 
Date: 2026.08.11 
14:57:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited  
Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call  
August 6th, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management:  
 
1. Cmde P. R. Hari, Indian Navy Retired – Chairman and Managing Director  
2. Shri Niranjan Bhalerao – Director (Finance) & CFO  
3. Smt. Aparajita Ghosh – Chief General Manager (Finance)  
4. Shri Sandeep Mahapatra – Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Limited 
Q1 FY’27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome to the conference call of Garden Reach 
Shipbuilders and Engineers Limited, arranged by Concept Investor Relations to discuss its Q1 
FY27 Results. 
We have with us today, Management Representatives, Commodore P. R. Hari – Indian Navy, 
retired, Chairman and Managing Director, Shri Niranjan Mukund Bhalerao – Director (Finance) 
and CFO, Smt. Aparajita Ghosh – CGM (Finance), Shri Sandeep Mahapatra – Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer. Please note that this conference will be recorded. 
I would now like to hand over the floor to Commodore P. R. Hari – Chairman and Managing 
Director. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and a warm welcome to each one of you, 
to the conference call of Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers Ltd. to discuss the results 
for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
With me here are Shri Niranjan Bhalerao – Director, Finance and Chief Finance Officer, Smt. 
Aparajita Ghosh – Chief General Manager (Finance) and Shri Sandeep Mahapatra –  Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
During the next 15 to 20 minutes, I shall brief you on our financial and physical performance 
and also touch upon our current order book, the status of the ongoing project and the 
execution plan, a glimpse of our future outlook and the expansion plans of the Company. 
Quarter 1 Financial Year 2027 has again been an interesting quarter, and we have recorded a 
strong set of numbers. Our total income stood at ₹1,914 crore, recording a year-on-year 
growth of 38% when compared to Q1 FY26 results and the revenue from operations has 
increased from ₹1,310 crore to ₹1,815 crore recording a growth of 39%. 
The profit after tax has moved up by 44% from ₹ 120 crore to ₹173 crore during this period and 
the earnings per share has increased by 44% from ₹10.49 to ₹15.09. Now coming to the 
operational highlights, one of the defining milestones for GRSE during the year was being 
accorded the Navratna status by the Government of India, Department of Public Enterprises. 
This was accorded to us on 19 June 2026, and this prestigious recognition marks a significant 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
milestone in the Company's journey and reflects its constant and consistent financial and 
operational excellence over the years. 
Confirmation of Navratna status comes at a pivotal time as the shipyard is actively pursuing an 
ambitious expansion plan. The Company is undertaking both brownfield and greenfield 
capacity expansion initiatives to strengthen our shipbuilding capabilities, support future 
growth and enhance our ability to execute larger and more complex projects. GRSE built three 
ships INS Dunagiri that is the second P17A Alpha stealth frigate, INS Sanshodhak, the last of the 
four-Survey Vessel Large and INS Agrai, the fourth ship of the eight-ship Anti-Submarine 
Shallow Water Craft project, were commissioned into the Indian Navy by the Honorable Prime 
Minister of India Sri Narendra Modi at Kolkata on 21 June 2026. 
GRSE has also received a notification award for two projects, one from the Oil and Natural Gas 
Corporation (ONGC) for construction of four Platform Support Vessels (PSV) and from the 
Syama Prasad Mookerjee Port, Kolkata for a fully electric tug. Achieving L1 status in two 
projects of varying nature such as a Platform Support Vessel and an Electric Tug reflects our 
competitive positioning and reinforces our capabilities in these specialized fields. 
Our current order book stands at ₹13,596 crore and this comprises mostly of shipbuilding 
orders with shipbuilding divisions contributing to ₹13,296 crore and the other two divisions, 
the engineering and the engine divisions, contribute to the balance of the order book. 
I am happy to inform you that it is for the first time in the last 10 years that our order book has 
dropped below ₹15,000 crore and I consider it the reflection of an excellent execution rate. 
The current order book comprises 11 projects consisting of 44 marine platforms. These include 
nine warships for the Indian Navy, one P-17 Alpha advanced frigate, four Next-Generation 
Offshore Patrol Vessels, four Anti-Submarine Shallow Water Craft, two Coastal Research 
Vessels, one Acoustic Research ship. 
These orders for research ships, again, I am happy to inform you that we are the only Indian 
shipyard currently executing projects for construction of specialized research vessels. In 
addition, we are also constructing a 1,000-meter-cubed trailing suction hopper Dredger for the 
Government of Bangladesh, 13 electric ferries for the Government of West Bengal, 12 
multipurpose vessels for a German client, one green tug, and four platform support vessels for 
which we have recently received orders. In total, 11 projects, 44 marine platforms. 
Coming to the status of these projects: 
The large ship of P-17 Alpha, again happy to inform you that the first two ships have been 
delivered ahead of schedule. The large ship has clocked nearly 85% physical progress of 
construction, and we intend to deliver the ship during this calendar year. By November, we 
should be able to deliver this ship. Four of the eight anti-submarine shallow water crafts have 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
already been delivered, and the balance of four ships shall be delivered during the current 
financial year. The fifth ship has achieved almost 91% physical progress of construction. The 
sixth ship very closely following with 88%. The seventh and eighth, around 65 to 70%. As I said, 
all four ships will be delivered during the current financial year. 
Coming to the third naval project: 
The next generation offshore petrol vessel, the first ship has already been launched, and the 
second ship is being launched on the 11th of this month, i.e. next week. The third and fourth 
ship would be launched during the third and 4th Quarter of the current financial year. These 
ships shall be delivered commencing Q2 FY28, the first ship and the last ship to be delivered 
during Q2 FY29. 
Coming to the research vessel: 
All the three projects physical construction have been started and the Ocean Research Vessel 
has touched a physical progress of about 20%. The Acoustic Research ship about 12% and the 
Coastal Research Vessel about 5%. The Coastal Research Vessel, the keel of this vessel shall be 
laid during September, which is an important project milestone. 
The ferry project for the Government of West Bengal is progressing smoothly, and we intend 
delivering two of these platforms in September and October and balance ships of the project 
shall be delivered by April 2027. The Dredger project for the Government of Bangladesh is 
progressing smoothly and we are currently at about 70% physical progress of construction. The 
Multipurpose Vessel Project for the German client is progressing smoothly. 
This is a 12-ship project. We have already commenced construction of five of these ships and 
the balance shall follow as per the contractual schedule. This is in a nutshell gives you the 
current order book position, the composition, the status and the execution plan. 
Now coming to the orders on the anvil: 
As you are aware, we are the L1 shipyard for the Next Generation Corvette project. It's a high 
value project and we expect the contract to be signed anytime now. 
We are waiting for the contract conclusion, and this will give a much required boost to our 
order book. As I also mentioned, two contracts, we have received a letter of intent very 
recently, that is a platform support vessel for the ONGC and the green tug for the Syama Prasad 
Mookerjee Port. Five tenders are currently live from the Indian Navy and the Indian Coast 
Guard. 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Indian Navy has a requirement of 120 fast interceptor crafts. The order value could be to the 
tune of around 3,500 cores. The bid submission is due next month. 
Similarly, 31 follow-on water jet FAC project: This is the Indian Navy project. Again, here the 
order value could be to the tune of around ₹3,500 crore. 22 interceptor boats for which the 
bids have already been submitted. The order value could be to the tune of around ₹1,200 crore 
to ₹ 1,300 crore. Six Next Generation Offshore Patrol Vessels for the Indian Coast Guard, about 
₹2,500 core. And the much awaited P-17 Bravo, it's a high value project again. The AON value, 
the DAC AON value of this project is ₹70,000 crore. So, all these five projects of Navy and Coast 
Guard that are currently live, the total value could be to the tune of plus ₹80,000 crore. 
Two more projects, Indian Navy's projects, the RFP is expected to come out during the current 
calendar year. The 12-mine sounder measure vessel project, as per the RFP conditions, it is 
expected that this will be split between two shipyards, eight and four. And the AON value as 
accorded by the DAC is ₹36,000 crore. Similarly, another big ticket item that is the Landing 
Platform Dock four LPDs. This RFP is expected to come out during the calendar year. 
The order value is to the tune of around ₹35,000 crore. So, in a nutshell, about ₹80,000 crore 
worth RFPs are currently live. Nearly ₹70,000 crore RFPs are expected from two of these 
projects, the NCMB and the LPD in the current calendar year. 
And in addition, what I had just mentioned is only about the defense orders that is both from 
the Navy and the Coast Guard. In addition, based on the demand aggregation of the non-
defense PSUs, that is GAIL, ONGC, BPCL, and so on, a few tenders are already out. The four MR 
tanker tender has also already been published. 
Six Very Large Gas Carriers, VLGC, six Aframax Vessels, and another tender, high-value tender 
for container ships is expected to come soon. So, in a nutshell, if you are taking the defense 
sector alone, about ₹1,50,000 crores worth orders are expected in the near future. Nearly 
80,000 coming from the RFPs which are live and about Rs. 70,000 expected from the RFPs 
which are expected to be or likely to be published during the calendar year. 
This is excluding the NGSP for which we are expecting the contract signing soon. Coming to our 
expansion plan, as I have reiterated during the earlier conversations with the analysts and 
investors, our current shipbuilding capacity is for concurrent construction of 28 platforms. With 
ongoing modernization within our geographical premises, we expect this to be increased to 
concurrent construction of 32 platforms by the end of the calendar year, and we feel this 
capacity would be inadequate to meet the huge demand that exists both in the defense and 
non-defense segments. 
So, it is with this intent that we have decided to go in for both Brownfield and Greenfield 
expansion, both on the western and eastern seaboards. In West Bengal, we already have four 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
shipyards, three dedicated for shipbuilding and one for ship repair. In addition to this, we have 
taken two more premises on a long-term lease basis from Syama Prasad Mookerjee Port, and 
the expansion and revitalization project for these two facilities have already commenced. 
In addition, we are setting up a shipyard in West Bengal, Raichak, which is closer to the sea, 
and we expect the necessary approvals to be accorded during the current calendar year, and 
we will commence the infrastructure build up from 2027. This project is likely to take, as with 
any shipbuilding facility creation, this will take about three to five years for fully 
operationalization. Similarly, on the western seaboard, we are setting up a full-fledged total 
ship solution facility. 
That means a facility that would encompass shipbuilding, green ship recycling, and ship repairs. 
We intend to proceed on a PPP model, and we again expect the necessary approvals to be 
obtained during the calendar year, and the project will commence next year. Again, it is 
expected to take three years for the operationalization and operations to commence in that 
facility. 
In addition, we are focusing on new technology adoption and maximizing the use of robotics 
in our production processes, both in core shipbuilding as well as in bailey bridge fabrication. 
This, in a nutshell, gives you both our financial and physical performance, our order book 
status, current project execution plan, and the orders on the anvil, and also a glimpse on our 
expansion plan. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks, and the floor is open for questions, if any.  
Thank You. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. Your first question 
comes from the line of Amit Dixit with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations for a good set of 
numbers again. Two questions. The first one is on Next-Generation Corvettes. Now, the order 
has been on anvil for quite some time. 
Just wanted to understand where is it stuck. Are there certain concerns around the orders that 
have been raised by the relevant authorities? I just wanted to get a brief construct of this, 
because this order has been struck for quite some time. 
Part B of the question is assuming the order is given to us, let us say, today, then how much 
time will it take for us to actually start recording revenue? 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. Thank you for your compliments on the results. Yes, I would like to state that this 
is the 17th quarter on a trot that our financials have been on an upward trend and hopefully 
we will be able to maintain this tempo in the coming quarters too. Coming to the much-awaited 
Next-Generation Corvette project, yes, the project contract has got delayed a bit. We were 
expecting the contract to be signed either during the end of the last financial year or during 
the first quarter, but we are confident that the contract will be signed this quarter. We do not 
see any red flags with respect to the contract conclusion. 
That is our appreciation. To answer your question as to when the revenue recognition would 
commence, now this project has got, as per the RFP conditions and naturally the contractual 
conditions, this has got a pre-production period where the design studies would take place. 
And the material ordering, the equipment ordering will take place. 
The first revenue recognition will commence next year, that is the Financial Year 2028. Revenue 
recognition will commence in Financial Year 2028 when we will be utilizing the activities 
involved in design, then the binding data information which we need to progress with the 
preparation of compartment design and equipment layout. So, this revenue recognition will 
start from the next financial year, assuming the contract is signed during this quarter. 
Now, in shipbuilding, we have a very peculiar kind of revenue recognition pattern where the 
initial phase, that is, for example, if a project is a five-year project, the first year the revenue 
recognition will come through design related inputs which will contribute maybe to five to ten 
percentage of the project cost. Then the physical construction, that comes the second phase, 
which should be between, let us say, the first year to the two and a half, that is 50% of the 
project duration, where the revenue recognition will move up to about 20 to 25 percent. And 
then comes the very steep upward revenue recognition curve, where the equipment and 
systems which have been brought are lowered onto the ship and the integrations happen. 
That is the phase where the maximum revenue recognition happens. And then, of course, the 
outfitting and the project completion. This is the broad revenue recognition pattern. 
To answer your specific question, yes, the revenue recognition will come in from the next 
financial year. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thank you. And how much time will it take for this order to be completed, NGC order? 
P. R. Hari: 
NGC is an eight-ship project where two shipyards will build the ships concurrently, and the first 
ship delivery is after five years. And the project completion is eight years. Eight years is the 
project completion time which is given. That means if the order is placed now, the eighth ship 
of the project, which both shipyards put together, would get completed by 2034-35. That's 
what I think. 

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Amit Dixit: 
Very clear, sir. The second question is essentially on the latest AON trend that we have seen, 
particularly for Navy. There is a lot of emphasis on the unmanned vessels and autonomous 
platforms. So, just wanted to understand our preparedness for that. Does our expansion plan 
also is focused on building certain capabilities on that front or we already have those 
capabilities, and we will be bidding for such RFPs as and when they come? 
P. R. Hari: 
Yes, very interesting question. To answer your second part first, whether we have the 
capability, yes, we have the capability. And it is with good intent because we were clear that 
the Navy having a very clear autonomous roadmap. So, we were clear almost three, four years 
before that the Navy would go for it, and of course, followed by Coast Guard, both would go in 
for an autonomous environment where a large number of unmanned vessels would come in. 
So, we started with the prototype development of an unmanned surface vessel successfully 
approved. And just for information that we have also executed a project for the NSDL, Naval 
Scientific and Technological Laboratory, Vishakhapatnam, a DRDO organization for an 
unmanned surface vessel. In addition, an autonomous underwater platform, which was 
developed by us. Again, the prototype successfully proved in the Tengangsu Lake about a year 
back. So, we are technologically competent and technically ready for execution of this project. 
So, we have been actively participating in the NAIC projects of the government steered by the 
Navy. For example, for the ASV, that is the ASV NCM, there is a project which the Navy, an 
autonomous project which Navy is steering. We are one of the other companies taking part in 
that. 
We are again being shortlisted for another project of the Navy, which is again for an 
underwater unmanned platform. So, we are very much competent and interested and also 
actively taking part in these schemes and the projects which Navy has come up for autonomous 
unmanned platforms. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great. Thank you. Thank you so much and all the best.  
P. R. Hari:                                   Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Dipen Vakil from Phillips Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for this opportunity and congratulations on a great execution. My first question is 
on the line of your CAPEX announcement that you did. Can you help us with the quantum of 
CAPEX that you are envisaging for Greenfield as well as Brownfield side of it? 
And what kind of capabilities will it add to your current existing ecosystem in terms of whether 
the dry dock size will be the bigger one, especially in Gujarat? And how will it help you address 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
the bigger and more bigger and sizable opportunities either in defense or commercial side of 
it? That's my first question. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. We have a very clear expansion plan and in turn a clear CAPEX infusion plan. Now, 
if I divide this into two buckets, one is the minor projects that we are undertaking again with a 
very, very clear, let us say, capability enhancement pattern. For example, two facilities that we 
have taken over from the Kolkata Port Trust that Syama Prasad Mookerjee Port where the 
capital infusion is limited, where we already commenced the revitalization. And there the 
capital infusion is expected to be just about ₹200 crore and this will be completed within a year 
and half (18 months). 
Coming to the larger projects, we are just undertaking two projects, one in West Bengal, I 
mentioned it, towards the sea. The land is already with us again on a very long-term basis, a 
long-term lease from Kolkata Port Trust. Here we are creating a full-fledged shipyard. We 
expect the capital infusion to the tune ₹2,200 crore of which DPR is in its final stages. So, this 
is an approximate figure. The setting up of the facility would take three to five years because it 
is a completely greenfield setup. Coming to the West, what we are intending, here the DPR is 
complete. The environmental clearance has already been obtained, which means this project 
is moving at a much faster pace. The capital infusion would be to the tune of again around 
₹2,000 crore. This will be a total ship solution facility, as I mentioned during my opening 
remarks, comprised of shipbuilding, green ship recycling, and ship repair capability under a 
single roof. Now coming to the specific question which you asked as to what does it add to our 
current capability. One, our current capability, as I mentioned, is to undertake shipbuilding, 
concurrent construction of 28 platforms. When I say 28 platforms, that includes platforms up 
to about 10,000-ton displacement and 200 meters length. This would cater for most of the 
defense platform, but when we come to commercial ships, they're much, much larger in size. 
So, there we have difficulty at this moment, and that is the intent of creating these facilities. 
One, to circumvent the riverine constraints, and second, to obviate the length and 
displacement restrictions. So, we intend, with the creation of these two facilities, the capacity 
constraint will be completely obliterated, and we will have the capability to build 43 platforms, 
and the 11 platforms, 11 types of platforms, that means from 32 to 43 platforms, there will be 
large vessels of Aframax and VLGC type. So, this is the benefit of this particular expansion 
project that will accrue to the shipyard. Second is here in Kolkata, where our core shipbuilding 
facilities exist, we will be focusing, utilizing them, focused towards defense shipbuilding, and 
the facility in Gujarat, while we will use spare capacity there for warship building, the primary 
focus will be for green ship recycling and building of large size ships. I hope I answered your 
question. Thank You. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Absolutely, sir. Second question is, you mentioned about the tenders which are already out on 
the commercial side, namely MR Tank, VLGC, Aframax, and even the container ship tender 
which is expected soon. So, sir, how does our technological capability stand for these large size 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
carriers, and at the same time, how do we participate in this tender with the current capacity? 
Are we looking to partner with some company or take some tech from a foreign company? 
How are we participating in such commercial vessels? 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay, to start with, during the initial discussions, I had mentioned that we have already won 
an order for a set of four Platform Support Vessels, and what I given to understand that before 
order to be awarded, first, the letter of intent to be awarded among the lot that has been 
aggregated by the MOPSW from all the PSUs. So, we are happy about that. Now coming to the 
next few projects, that is the MR Tank, the VLGC, and of course, the container ship. MR Tanker, 
we are collaborating with one of our sister shipyards, and so are we doing so for the VLGC. In 
the VLGC tender itself, there is a condition that of the number of vessels they have 
promulgated, I think it's eight ships they have promulgated, but two of them have been built 
at a shipyard which has already got proven capacity in building of VLGCs. So, we, along with 
our partnership here in India, we already tied up with one of the foreign shipyards with proven 
capability, and we will be bidding to the two Indian shipyards will be bidding to the vessels. 
Coming to the container ships, yes, currently we do not have the physical capacity because the 
size of the ships are large, but we are going in for a partnership with one of the other Indian 
shipyards who have got the dock and berth infrastructures to handle this project. So, we have 
a very clear strategy for addressing the limitations that we currently have so that we don't miss 
out on any of the high value orders which are coming from this non-defense segment. 
Thank You. 
Dipen Vakil: 
That is very encouraging to hear, sir. Thank you so much. 
Sir, if I can squeeze in one last question. Sir, can you help us to understand the execution 
momentum in FY27? Will we maintain the similar execution momentum, or do you expect 
some softness in growth numbers from, say, for 38%, 35% to 40% might get slightly slower in 
FY27? 
P. R. Hari: 
See, currently we are in an execution phase. Actually, if you see last year, we have delivered 
eight ships, so naturally when the ships are delivered, the revenue and in turn the profits would 
increase. We are still in that phase, but we all must be clear that the current order book is 
13,596 crores, and of this, the two projects which are major, which means the P-17 Alpha and 
the anti-submarine shallow water craft. For example, the P-17 Alpha, we are left with about 
4,500 crores and the anti-submarine shallow water craft of about 1,816 crores. These are the 
major projects which are on the anvil of completion. So, the current quarter’s performance will 
be able to replicate in the coming quarters too. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much for answering my questions and all the best for FY27. 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kavish Pare with 361 Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kavish Pare: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on GRSE's indigenization levels. Sir, could 
you elaborate on the current level of indigenization across our portfolio and also identify the 
key systems, subsystems, or components where we continue to remain dependent on imports? 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay, thank you. A very interesting question, and this has been the focus of our government 
also, indigenization. See, one thing we all must clearly understand that we are platform 
integrators. Naturally, GRSE being shipbuilders and engineers. The other part, the engineer’s 
part, I will answer separately to come into the shipbuilding part. We are platform integrators. 
When we are platform integrators, most of the equipment and weapons or, let us say, the 
propulsion engine, they are all nominated by the customers, be it defense shipbuilding or be it 
commercial shipbuilding. Then the nomination comes from the customers. For example, if a 
commercial ship customer wants an engine of, let us say, German made, we have to procure 
the German engine, which is a contractual obligation. Therefore, expecting indigenization there 
would be an infrastructure exercise. However, with respect to war shipbuilding, I will segregate 
this into four components, float, fight, move, survive. If you are taking the float component, 
float component mostly comprises of the ship's hull, where the stability aspects are involved. 
India has achieved, and so has GRSE, 100% indigenization. But the float component comprises 
only about 10% of ship cost. Then comes the fight component. 
Fight components comprise of the weapons and systems. Here, I am happy to inform you that 
from a very, very modest indigenization percentage, we have gone up to almost 60% 
indigenization today. But many of the Indian defense manufacturers are producing weapons 
and systems, including my sister company that is well for the sensors. 
Now, coming to the float component, this is where currently there's a catch because float 
comprises, sorry, move, move comprises of the propulsion engines and the power generation 
and associated equipment. Here, while power generation, that is the diesel alternators, they 
are 100% indigenous, in case of propulsion engines, we have still not achieved indigenization, 
where the government has already initiated both for the marine gas turbines, as well as for 
marine diesel engines, but this will take a finite amount of time. Coming to survival, survival is 
the firefighting equipment, the safety equipment, and so on. 
We are about 70% indigenous. So, net-net, if you take a 100% cost of a ship, we are talking by 
value. In the last few projects, two projects I will just take, which we have completed, the anti-
submersible aircraft, then four ships already been delivered, we know exactly what is the kind 
of indigenization that they can achieve. 

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
And the survey vessels large, which we have already completed the project. There, we have 
plus 80% indigenization overall. This is for the ship building sector. 
Coming to the other sector, let us take Bailey Bridge, which is one of my business verticals, 
where it is 100% indigenous. Every component is fabricated, including subcomponents are 
fabricated from Indian sources, sourced from India and fabricated here. So, 100% 
indigenization. 
Coming to the other products, let us say marine diesel engines, we have a collaboration with 
another foreign OEM, so co-production of marine diesel engines. When the project fructifies, 
the indigenization level would be about 55% to 60%. If you are talking about deck machinery, 
another business vertical of GRSE, we have about 90% indigenous. 
So, this is where we stand as of today, but then again, I go back to my first statement with 
respect to indigenization, that while all of us, the entire ecosystem is striving towards 
indigenization, it has got its limitations and the time implication, because indigenization does 
not come like a switch getting on, it takes time. So, currently, we are, let us say about 80-85%, 
maybe it will take about 5-10 years of achieving 100% indigenization. Thank you. 
Kavish Pare: 
Very decent, sir. Thanks a lot for that. Sir, as a follow-up on the defense side, which domestic 
suppliers, in your view, are best positioned to substitute these imported components as 
procurement within the company becomes increasingly indigenous? 
Which private sector companies do you think could emerge as meaningful beneficiaries? And 
lastly, also within the defense electronics part, apart from Bharat Electronics, which suppliers 
currently have a meaningful wallet share with us? 
P. R. Hari: 
Very interesting question. Now, almost all the major private companies are into defense 
manufacturing, be it L&T, be it Adani, be it Mahindra, be it these guys, Kalyani, all of them are 
in defense manufacturing and each one of them has contributed extensively towards 
indigenization. So, I think that gives you a broad answer about which are the major private 
companies. 
I may have missed out somebody, but I have just hinted that this is the big companies. Now, 
there are a host of startups, host of startups. Today, in India, about 17,000 MSMEs, about 1,000 
startups, and about 675 innovators are involved in defense manufacturing. 
And most of them are focusing on new technology based, and I am talking about the innovators 
and startups, most of them are focusing on new technology based indigenous production. 
Here, the limitation is there is still a percentage which comes from abroad. So, to encourage 
the startups and innovators, we ourselves, GRSE company has taken an initiative and started 
an open challenge team for startups. 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
We kept an acronym called GRSE Accelerator Innovation Engineering Team. Believe me, the 
response has been overwhelming. About 101 startups took part last year. 
So, the entire ecosystem is striving towards indigenization. Let us see how it moves or how fast 
it moves.  
In addition to BEL, of course, HAL is a major contributor towards indigenization. We also have 
some links with HAL because the marine gas turbines that come from them, of course, it is 
rooted from abroad, but a certain amount of indigenization takes place there. ECIL is a part of 
indigenization, and there are other PSUs like Kelton, who also are contributing towards 
supplying indigenous products to shipbuilding. Thank you. 
Kavish Pare: 
Thanks a lot for that, sir. Very, very detail explanation. Hope to see the long-anticipated 
contract getting signed soon. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will move on to our next question. Your next question comes from the line of 
Harshad Kapadia with Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations again for a good set of numbers, sir. Would 
you be able to share the order book breakup for GRSE, sir? Sure. 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, Mr. Harshad. The current total order book is ₹ 13,596.26 crore. Within that, the 
shipbuilding contributes nearly 95 percent, that is ₹12,980 crore. With the other verticals, that 
is ship repair, about ₹96 crore, the naval vessel gun ₹219 crore the bailey bridge is ₹158 crore, 
the deck machinery is ₹58 crore, and our diesel engine plant ₹ 82 crore. Now, I will just give 
you a breakup of the shipbuilding order book. P 17 Alpha, the last ship was ₹4,519 crore. The 
Anti-Submarine Swallow Water Craft, about ₹1,815 crore. Survey Vessel Large, we are left with 
about ₹. 225 crore. The NGOPV project, about ₹3,075 crore. The Ocean Research Vessel, ₹740 
crore. The Acoustic Research ship, ₹450 crore. The Coastal Research Vessel, ₹258 crore. The 
ferry, ₹ 203 crore. Multi Purpose Vessels and the Dredger put together about ₹1,355 crore. So, 
about 74% of the shipbuilding pie is from the four naval projects and the balance, 25% is coming 
from the non-defence sector. 
There was a period when 98% of the shipbuilding order book was comprised of defence orders, 
but now the split, the breakup has been different, mostly because we have been executing the 
research ship projects for various ministries, and of course the export orders. So, this in a 
nutshell is the breakup of our current order book. 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Thank you. Thank you, sir. Just one more question, sir, on the P&L. Probably if you have 
answered this question, I am again sorry for reiterating. On the other expense side, the 
expenses have reduced significantly. Was there any one-off here, or what would you attribute 
here? 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
P. R. Hari: 
One second, could you repeat the question again? 
Harshad Kapadia: 
So, sir, other operating costs have come down significantly in this quarter in Q1 FY27 results. 
So, what would be the reasons for that, sir? 
P. R. Hari: 
Other expenditures coming down? 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Yes, sir. 
P. R. Hari: 
In the last quarter, we had three of the ships which were commissioned. So, the last phase of 
commissioning, a certain amount of expenditure was incurred for these activities. So, in the 
current quarter, we did not have such occasions. So, that has resulted in a drop in the other 
expenses. Thank you. 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Okay, sir. I will come back in the question queue, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kashyap Ramesh, an individual investor. 
Kashyap Ramesh: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations on a great quarter. My question is on exports. After the German 
order, there is nothing significant coming, a bid pipeline or anywhere, you are not mentioning 
anything about exports. So, is the GRSE bid for export to Navratna, do you have the freedom 
or again, it should come from like an inter-government thing? 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay, thank you for the question. Firstly, for exports of non-defense platforms, we do not need 
any government approval if the item is getting, if the product is getting supplied to a friendly 
foreign nation. Now, defense exports mostly are through G2G types and so, we rely on our 
government for defense exports. Coming to the non-defense exports, you had mentioned that 
we have not gone in for any export orders after the multipurpose contract. It is a very conscious 
act. When we went in for multipurpose vessel, obtaining the multipurpose vessel export order, 
at that point of time, our government had not aggregated the demand of the Indian non-
defense requirements. 
So, now that demand has been aggregated and the opportunities are fantastic. About 200 plus 
platforms are required. So, when we have, yes, export is interesting and we want to export 
more, we will export more, but right now, we are not taking any export order considering that 
there are huge opportunities available within India. 
Having said that, if an attractive, profitable and visible order opportunity comes from Europe 
or any of the other customers, we will take it up. So, this is the strategy which we have taken. 
Again, to reassure you that there are enough opportunities available within India and India 
looks to India for giving the product. 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Now, coming to the Navratna status, Navratna status definitely provides the autonomy for 
expansion, and we intend utilizing this privilege or the expansion autonomy to the hilt. Thank 
you. 
Kashyap Ramesh: 
One more question is about the water metro projects of Mumbai and other cities. Is GRSE 
actively bidding? Because I saw some of your officials meeting Mumbai metro water project 
people. So, you didn't mention anything about that. 
P. R. Hari: 
We are currently executing one project for the government of West Bengal. It is a World Bank 
funded project for 13 hybrid ferries. Actually, you are absolutely right. 
We are pitching in with the various state governments for their respective water metros. And 
you will understand that even Goa, they are coming up with a water metro development. I 
think they have engaged KMRL, the Kerala water metro as a nodal agency for coordination. 
Yes, we are engaging with these various state governments. And as and when the RFPs come 
out, we will definitely take part because this is an area where we have already established 
ourselves. Because our ferry that we have provided to the government of West Bengal is the 
largest and the fastest fully electric ferry in the country. 
And we intend leveraging and capitalizing on this edge that we have. And we will take part in 
the RFPs which are coming out. I expect some of them to come out in the coming one year. We 
will take part. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yash, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Yash: 
Hi, sir. Good evening. Congratulations on the good set of numbers. And most of the questions 
I had planned to ask were asked by the other participants. So, I'd just like to reiterate the 
question which I asked in the prior call. Are you going for any bonus or a stock split? Yes. So, 
because other shipyards have done that, right? So, that was the only question. 
P. R. Hari: 
Sorry. Could you repeat the last part, the question part once again? 
Yash: 
So, I am talking about any corporate actions that are in the queue, sir, like a stock split or 
something like that. 
P. R. Hari: 
I understood. I understood. We are fully aware that this is controlled by the government 
department. We are waiting for their instructions on this. And whatever instructions come 
from the Administrative Ministry and DIPAM, we will abide by that. Let us wait for their 
directives. Thank you. 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Yash: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Alok, an individual investor. Please go ahead. Alok, 
sir, your line is unmuted. Please proceed with your question. As there is no response from the 
line of current participants, we will move on to our next question. Our next question comes 
from Harshad Kapadia with the Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, your employee cost has also come down despite such a strong 
increase in revenue. Is that because you are nearing ending the completion time? So, mainly 
the contractual workers are reduced? Is it because of that? 
P. R. Hari: 
Yes, you are absolutely right that the contract expense is have come down. The deployment of 
contract workers varies from the project execution phase. In the final stages of outfitting, if 
you see the contract expenditure during Q4, FY26, it would have been high. Because that is 
when we delivered in that last quarter, we delivered three ships. So, maximum deployment of 
personnel would have been there and so that the contract value would have been high. In this, 
it's a sinusoidal thing. You will definitely see some increase in that in the coming quarter 
because that is when we expect to deliver a couple of ships. So, as you rightly said, it is purely 
on the project execution phase. No abnormality in that. It's very normal in the shipbuilding 
cycle. 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Understood. And just in relation to that, next year is going to be the pay commission which will 
happen. So, how much increase in employee cost can we expect? Will it be in the range of 15-
20% which we see earlier, or will it be lower? Sir, any number or any color on this would be 
helpful. 
P. R. Hari: 
Okay, I understand the question. But our anticipation is that it could be of similar range 15-20% 
which is normal in every pay commission. We don't see any abnormality, and we have already 
factored those in our, let us say, future projections and calculations. 
Harshad Kapadia: 
Okay. Okay. Fair enough, sir. Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Pratap Maliwal with Mount Intrafinance. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted two clarifications. So, I believe you've 
mentioned water metro project that you may be executing. Could you give us some idea of 
what could be the tentative order size of these kinds of projects? 
And secondly, just regarding the next-gen destroyer program, I think that we have spoken of 
in the past. Is there any incremental update that we could get maybe on the timeline or the 
order value? 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you. The water metro project, as an earlier speaker, an analyst or an investor mentioned, 
many of the states are now looking at setting up a water metro. Kochi has already a facility and 
here we are doing one for the government of West Bengal. 
So, these are not very high-value projects. The order value could be to the tune of around ₹200 
to 300 crore per metro. They are small platforms, but that but is the attractiveness or the 
overall necessity of a green platform. 
But here, again, the volumes are high. If for five states, let us say, going for this, the order value 
could be to the tune of around ₹1,500 crore. And in terms of numbers, it could range from 30 
to 40 platforms. 
So, this in a nutshell, I think, would give you a hint as to what are the numbers and the order 
value involved. Coming to the major project of the Navy, I think you asked about the next-
generation destroyer. Is that what you asked? 
Yes, sir. Okay. This is one of the projects which, as we are given to understand, this is in their 
prospective plan. 
This is a high-value project where, as per my understanding, this has not yet gone for a DAC 
approval, which means that after a DAC approval is taken, it will still take about a year-and-a-
half to two for the RFP to be issued. So, I do not expect, in my appreciation again, that I do not 
expect the RFP to come out for NGD till FY29, because currently we are in FY27. Considering, 
depending upon the priority that Navy has got, even if a DAC approval is taken in the current 
financial year, it could take about a year-and-a-half for the RFP to come out. 
Now, keeping the NGD apart, as I mentioned during my introductory remarks, there are enough 
opportunities, as I stated, about 80,000 crores worth RFPs are currently out of life, and about 
60,000 more is likely to come out during the current year. So, that itself, the volume is around 
1,40,000, and the stakeholders, the contenders for these 1,40,000 to 150,000 crores are just 
about five to six shipyards. So, this is where we stand today. 
The opportunities are adequate. This is excluding the NGC contract that we expect soon, and 
also excluding the commercial shipbuilding opportunities that are available in the domestic 
market. Thank you. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Thank you. Thank you for a detailed answer. Those were my questions. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for today. I 
would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
P. R. Hari: 
Thank you, and thank you, Chintan from Concept, and thank you all the investors and analysts 
for participating in this conference and showing interest in our Company as always, and I 
definitely look forward to future interactions waiting for the next quarter. Thank you. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
