 
 
MAX FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED  
CIN: L24223HR1988PL145368  
Corporate Office: L20M(21), Max Towers, Plot No. C-001/A/1, Sector-16B, Noida- 201301  
P: + 91 120 4696000 I Email: investorhelpline@maxfinancialservices.in I Website: www.maxfinancialservices.com  
Regd. Office: Plot No. 90-C, Sector – 18, Urban Estate, Gurugram – 122015, Haryana 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 20, 2026 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code:  500271  
 
 
       Scrip Code:  MFSL 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on August 13, 2026, post 
declaration of unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, 
is enclosed.  
 
The 
same 
has 
also 
been 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://maxfinancialservices.com/static/uploads/financials/earnings-call-transcript-
q1fy27.pdf 
 
You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on record.   
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Max Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
Siddhi Suneja  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl:  as above  
 
SIDDHI 
SUNEJA
Digitally signed by SIDDHI 
SUNEJA 
Date: 2026.08.20 15:56:34 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Max Financial Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Max Financial Services Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishant Kumar, Chief Financial Officer of Max Financial 
Services Limited, for opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nishant Kumar: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining Max Financial Services earning call 
for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. Our quarter 1 FY27 results have been released and are available 
on our website as well as on the stock exchanges. 
Joining me today are Mr. Sumit Madan, Managing Director and CEO, and Mr. Amrit Singh, Chief 
Financial Officer of Axis Max Life. With that, let me hand over the call to Sumit to take you through 
our performance and key developments during the first quarter of FY27. 
Sumit Madan: 
Yeah. Thank you, Nishant, and good evening, everyone. As you are aware, quarter 1 was marked by 
geopolitical uncertainties and a very volatile macro environment that weighed on the market 
sentiment. Despite these challenges, the Indian economy remained resilient, supported by some very 
strong domestic fundamentals. Against this backdrop, we stayed focused on execution, continued to 
advance our strategic priorities, and maintained disciplined risk and capital management. 
To begin with, we achieved a key milestone during the quarter with the completion of Axis Bank's 
acquisition of an additional 0.98% stake in Axis Max Life Insurance through an equity infusion of 
INR381 crore, increasing its shareholding to 19.99%. The infusion enhanced our financial strength, 
raising our solvency ratio to a robust 198%, while further underscoring the commitment of our 
promoters and their confidence in our strategy, execution capabilities, and long-term value creation 
potential. 
With that context, let me take you through the performance highlights across our strategic focus areas 
during the quarter.  
Sustainable and Predictable Growth 
Following a very successful FY26, we have started FY27 on a strong note, carrying forward our 
growth momentum and delivering a healthy performance in the first quarter. Our focus remains on 

 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
building a sustainable and profitable franchise while creating long-term value for all stakeholders, 
including customers, employees, distribution partners, and shareholders. 
In quarter 1 FY27, our individual adjusted first year premium grew by 17%, outperforming both the 
private sector and the overall industry growth. More importantly, our growth remains consistent and 
sustainable with a 2-year CAGR of 20%, which is well ahead of the private industry CAGR of 12% 
and double the overall industry growth rate of 10%. 
Our APE grew by 15% during the quarter, supported by balanced contributions from both proprietary 
and the partnership channel, growing at 15% and 16%, respectively. Our proprietary channels 
continue to be a key engine of growth, delivering a strong three-year APE CAGR of 26% by offline 
proprietary sales recorded 9% growth in quarter 1. 
Our online business continued to lead the market with a 27% APE growth. Within partnerships, APE 
growth of 16% was driven by 14% growth from Axis Bank and 21% growth from other partners, 
again underscoring the breadth and the resilience of our distribution franchise. We also continue to 
make some very strong progress in the Group Credit Life segment, delivering a 57% growth in Q1 
FY27. 
It is also noteworthy that 45% of our GCL business has been sourced from partners we added in the 
last three years, diversifying our presence in this segment. In addition, we have onboarded several 
meaningful credit life partnerships during the quarter, which are expected to further strengthen growth 
momentum in the coming quarters. We also continue to expand our addressable market through some 
very targeted strategic initiatives. 
During the quarter, we launched our USD-denominated offering of Smart Gift Plan, enhancing our 
ability to serve the growing NRI customer segment. Further, we launched Aurus, our exclusive 
proposition for high-net-worth individuals designed to deliver a differentiated experience and tailored 
wealth and protection solutions for this very critical segment of customers. 
Product Innovation Driving Margin Expansion 
At Axis Max Life, innovation remains a core strategic lever, enabling us to address evolving customer 
needs while driving the long-term value creation for all our stakeholders. Our focus continues to be on 
building a balanced and diversified portfolio mix that supports sustainable growth, improves the 
product mix, and enhances the margins. 
 
Q1 FY27 largely reflected a normalization of growth across traditional savings products, while 
maintaining the product mix trends seen over the previous recent quarters. Participating products 
continued to witness strong traction, growing 48% and contributing 15% of the overall APE. 
The non-par segment saw a relatively lower contribution compared to the same period last year, 
reflecting a higher base effect. Despite volatile market conditions, our ULIP business grew 19%, 
supported by the launch of Smart Gift Plan. 
Protection remains one of our key strategic priorities. During the quarter, we further strengthened our 
proposition for the self-employed customer segment and as a result, our protection and health 
business grew 44%, led by 57% growth in riders, reflecting increasing customer demand for 
comprehensive protection solutions. 

 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Retirement solutions continue to represent a significant long-term opportunity. Our annuities business 
delivered an exceptional 116% growth during the quarter. We further expanded our retirement 
portfolio with the launch of Smart RISE, a variable annuity product that combines guaranteed lifelong 
income with participation in long-term equity market performance, offering customers an attractive 
balance between security and growth. 
The strong growth in our protection and annuity business, coupled with favorable yield curve, resulted 
in a meaningful improvement in profitability. Consequently, our VNB margin expanded from 20.3% 
in Q1 of FY26 to 23.2% in Q1 FY27, driving a robust 33% growth in the value of new business or 
VNB. This reflects the success of our strategy to build a higher quality, more profitable and a 
sustainable business. 
Customer-Centric Approach 
Needless to add, at Axis Max Life, customer trust or the Bharosa remains the foundation of our 
franchise. And we are proud to see this reflected across key customer-centric metrics. In FY26, we 
achieved our highest ever individual death claim paid ratio of 99.8%, reaffirming our unwavering 
commitment to standing by our customers and their families when they truly need us the most. 
Further strengthening this trust, our InstaClaim service now settles 67% of eligible claims within one 
single day, delivering a faster and more seamless claims experience. 
We were also recognized as the number one life insurer in customer experience in India in Hansa 
Research's syndicated life insurance CuES 2026 study, improving from the second position held over 
the previous three years with a customer experience score of 61. These milestones underscore the 
confidence customers place in the Axis Max Life brand and our ability to consistently deliver on that 
promise. 
Our 13-month premium persistency stood at 83%. Additionally, longer tenure persistency metrics, 
including 37th month, 49th month and 61st month persistency, continued to improve on both 
premium and number of policy bases, reflecting the growing quality and durability of our business. 
Customer advocacy also remains strong. Our overall net promoter score increased to 63 from a 
baseline of 60 at FY25 exit. Touchpoint NPS improved by 2 points to 65, while relationship NPS 
again increased meaningfully to 61 from 57. All reflecting the strength of our customer engagement 
initiatives and some very strong service proposition. 
Digitization for Operational Efficiency 
Axis Max Life's digital, technology and AI strategy is transforming the company into a platform-led 
intelligence driven insurer. At the core of this strategy is pervasive intelligence with AI, Gen AI and 
analytics embedded across customer journeys, distribution, underwriting, servicing and employee 
productivity. All supported by some very agile technology platforms and a modern data foundation. 
In digital commerce and acquisition, we continue to strengthen our D2C franchise through superior 
proposition discovery, AI-led marketing and lead nurturing and optimized onboarding journeys. Our 
digitally empowered distribution platform mSpace as we call it, equips advisors with recruitment 
intelligence, personalized engagement, next best action recommendations and performance nudges. 
The ecosystem now supports 36,000 monthly active users with over 90% adoption, helping us drive 
improved productivity and sales effectiveness. 

 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Through our customer app, customers benefit from AI-enabled self-service, wellness offerings, 
personalized engagement and digital servicing. We have also simplified claims experience across 
website and customer app to improve customer ease and accessibility. With over 10 lakh installs and 
4 lakh monthly active users, the platform is emerging as a key engagement channel across the 
customer lifecycle. 
AI and analytics are increasingly becoming the operating backbone of Axis Max Life. We now have 
30 plus AI and ML models in production across recruitment, sales, underwriting, servicing and cross-
sell. AI-based digital prospecting generated 38,000 recruitment leads. Our AI sales co-pilot has 
supported 27,000 plus sales interactions. Recommendation engines have shifted 50% of quotes to 
higher value variants and voice analytics has assessed 2 lakh plus customer interactions. 
In servicing, the Gen AI email bot has resolved 40,000 queries while AI-driven cross-sell initiatives 
have delivered INR58 crore of new business, demonstrating Axis Max Life's AI's growing 
contribution to growth, productivity and customer experience. 
To summarize, I would like to highlight that we have had a strong start to the year, with solid 
performance across all the key metrics. While global geopolitical developments continue to shape the 
market dynamics, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our guidance of outperforming the 
industry and drive sustained value for all stakeholders. 
With that, I will now hand over to Amrit, who will provide an update on our financial performance. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you, Sumit and good evening everyone. Very quickly some housekeeping numbers. At MFSL 
level, the revenue excluding investment income grew by 18% to INR7,289 crore. And the 
consolidated profit after tax at MFSL stood at INR180 crore. 
The gross written premium for Axis Max Life has grown by 19% to INR10,610 crore. In which 
renewal premium has registered a healthy growth of 20% and stands at INR4,639 crore. Which 
reflects the resilience of our portfolio 
Individual new business sum assured, which is a measure of protection penetration that we are trying 
to drive within the country, has grown by 32% year-on-year and has touched INR1,17,000 crore from 
an Axis Max Life perspective. We continue to hold on to our rank 3 on individual sum business 
assured in the private space 
Our embedded value end of the quarter stood at INR 30,415 crore, with a growth of 15% year-on-
year. The annualized operating ROEV has improved to 14.9% in quarter one FY27. There has been 
no operating variance during the quarter. And this compares 14.9% compares to 14.3% of the 
previous year corresponding period. We continue to remain focused on operational efficiency. 
Policyholder operating expense as a percentage of GWP has improved by 185 basis points year-on-
year to touch 16%, driven by focused productivity enhancement initiatives. Despite a healthy business 
growth, policyholder operating expense increased by only 7% during the quarter. AUM has crossed a 
significant milestone for the company, surpassing INR 2 lakh crore and closed at INR 2.03 lakh crore 
at the end of June 30, 2026 quarter, reflecting an 11% increase. 

 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
As Sumit mentioned, VNB margins have improved from 20.1% in quarter one FY 2026 to 23.2% in 
quarter one FY27, resulting in a growth of 33% in VNB despite the GST impact. As you are aware, 
on a VNB computation basis, we use the actual expense of the quarter to compute the VNB, and we 
do have an effect where the VNB improves along as operating leverage kicks in during the quarter. 
This improvement in VNB is driven largely by a higher protection mix and also supported by 
favorable yield curve movement, which helped offset the GST impact that had come. The profitability 
outcomes achieved during the quarter reinforce our confidence in sustaining our y-o-y margin profiles 
through FY27. Going forward, we remain focused on delivering VNB growth that outpaces APE 
growth while maintaining disciplined execution and profitability. 
With that, we will request the moderator to open the floor. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press star and then two. Participants are requested to use their 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. Requesting participants to limit their questions to two each per participant 
and rejoin the queue for follow-up questions. 
Your first question comes from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee with 360 ONE Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congrats on a great set of numbers. My two questions. So, first of 
all, just wanted to understand the margin increase that has happened. This has, as you mentioned, only 
on the back of the protection mix improvement or anything else to also call out in that. For example, 
if you could give some color on what would be the you know, impact, residual impact, if any, of the 
GST and how we should think about it? 
And also, I wanted to understand that solvency, despite this protection growth, has remained flat. So 
how should we look at it. So, if you could explain this, that is the first question. Second is, sir, on 
overall the structure simplification process, fund raise, etcetera. So, Axis Bank had also commented in 
their call about a potential, you know about looking at a potential stake increase, evaluating that, and 
plus your fund raise plans and structure simplification. How should we think about all these things 
given the new development? These will be my 2 questions, sir. 
Amrit Singh: 
Okay. Firstly, on the margin profile, as I had said in the remarks, that it is to do with the protection-
enabled growth that we have experienced and also the yield curve benefits that have come through. 
Now, in this 3% approximate increase, you can say 30% is linked to mix around protection and some 
bit of operating leverage and around 70%, you can say is the yield curve, which actually has also 
helped offset the GST impact. As we had mentioned in the previous, previous call that in Q4 we had 
almost taken care of 80% of the GST effect. 
Now that is largely behind us. From a GST perspective, there is not any other effect we have to worry 
about. On the second one around solvency, you would have and Sumit mentioned in his opening 
remarks that, Axis Bank infused around INR 380 crore during the quarter, which actually helped us 
lift the solvency profile of the business, and that is why the solvency at the end of June has come at 
198%. 

 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Now our solvency is, as, as you are aware, the regulatory threshold of the solvency is 150%. 198% is 
fairly well above the regulatory minima and also above our internal thresholds that we derive from a 
risk principal perspective. The approval of the, enabling approval of QIP at MFSL was taken as an 
enabling approval and which is valid until May of next year. And that was largely to support the 
growth requirements of the company. 
As at this point in time, we do not see any specific need I mean, I think solvency position is healthy. 
We will keep evaluating and you will you know, accordingly be informed around if was there any 
future plan forward. 
With respect to your question around structure simplification the final, after the Insurance Act 
amendment which happened in December, we are grateful for the regulator to have brought in now 
detailed regulations around how the structure simplification can be undertaken. We are obviously, 
there are technical elements which requires an internal consultation and some of those with our 
shareholders. We are in that process. 
As we had indicated always in the past that we are quite keen in making that happen. I think the good 
news is that now all paths are paved for this. We will come back to you at appropriate time on our 
next steps on structure simplification. 
With respect to the Axis comment, I think there is an, as Axis indicated there is an opportunity which 
the banking regulations threw up and you will recall that Axis always was keen on taking stake up to 
30%. They are also in their internal process of doing the pros and cons around it and depending upon 
how they kind of see, I think both them and us will make adequate disclosures around the same in due 
time. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Yeah. That is, that is very helpful. Just 1 follow-up that any, I mean should we at this point of time, 
think the timelines that what had. we were previously indicated in terms of the simplification process 
would still hold? 
Amrit Singh: 
Sir, we had always indicated that the moment we file a scheme document, given it is an NCLT 
process, will take anywhere between 6 to 12 months. Those timelines hold. I think you should wait for 
us to indicate after we have done our due consultations internally around a specific period of the time. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
All right sir. Thank you. This is very helpful. Thank you and all the best for FY 2027. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Supratim with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Supratim: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity. My first question is on the cost savings bit. If I look at the opex to 
GWP ratio that has improved despite the ITC loss. Just wanted to understand that, if you could give us 
some color here, what is driving this and where are you getting the efficiencies from? Moving to my 
second question, the offline this quarter. We have been seeing the growth slow down here over the 
last two quarters. So just wanted to understand. 
Moderator: 
Supratim, sir, we are losing your audio. 
Supratim: 
Better now? Hello? 

 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. The audio is getting, getting chipped in between. We are able to hear you clearly, but it was 
getting cut. 
Supratim: 
Yeah. Is this better now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, this is much better. 
Supratim: 
Yeah, sure. I will just repeat my last question. So on the offline proprietary channel, the 9% growth, 
the growth slowed down last quarter. Is that just understand where that came in… 
Moderator: 
Sorry, sir. Even right now the audio got chipped at the end. 
Supratim: 
Yeah. It is largely related to the offline prop channel performance. If you could give us some color 
there? On persistency, just wanted to understand what is the deal with the three-month persistency 
drop? 
Amrit Singh: 
Okay. I think you have asked three questions because we could not hear at this side of the line. The 
first question is you are asking what is driving this improvement in opex to GWP. The second 
question you have asked us… 
Supratim: 
Yes. 
Amrit Singh: 
Offline proprietary at 9%, anything structural, I guess is your question there. And the third one you 
have asked us on persistency, if I could capture it right, the reason for the drop in persistency. I think 
on the first one we have been on this journey of actually enhancing productivity across our 
distribution channel. 
And as you would know in the last few years, we have been investing heavily on distribution channel. 
And whenever you invest there is a period of maturity of the distribution channel where the 
productivity throughput part comes through. So some bit of overall productivity enhancement that we 
have experienced on the distribution side is one element. 
On the non-distribution element, I think when GST came in impacted us, we collectively as a team 
started taking many cost initiatives and those can range from simple negotiations to travel related 
restrictions to being far more careful on advertising and marketing spend. Those are a mix of reasons 
why the overall number looks lower. 
However, I must say that as an organization, we are committed to continuously keep expanding our 
distribution footprint. Some bit of this will normalize. You should not take this fact that this growth, 
you know, lower growth of opex of the quarter to continue in the subsequent quarters as well. There 
would be some normalization but definitely we are looking forward to improving the jaw between 
sales growth and operating expense as years kind of progress. 
On offline proprietary, to be very honest, I mean it is a small quarter and there were certain one-offs 
related to certain specific very consciously thought through cancellation that we had to undertake, 
which actually impacted the numbers. Had those cancellations not come through, the offline 
proprietary growth would have been robust too. 

 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
On persistency, persistency we had explained earlier as well. I think there is, there was a specific 
variant of a product which actually posted introduction has not panned out to the way that we wanted 
it to pan out, which started creating certain impact on our persistency numbers.  
The decision to discontinue that variant was taken in the month of March itself and a very sales heavy 
month, despite being a sales heavy month the decision was taken. But some bit of that pain is what is 
being felt in the persistency number. But beyond the 13th month you can notice that around 37th after 
61st month there is an improvement in persistency that has come up. 
Supratim: 
That is very helpful. Just one last thing, I did not get the cancellation bit. So the cancellation was 
related to agent licenses being discontinued or certain policies? 
Amrit Singh: 
There are certain policies that were sourced actually. So we did not feel that those met the quality 
standards, so it was a voluntary decision we took. Because it is a small quarter, some of this kind of 
comes through in the numbers. If you remove it, the growth is actually fairly robust. 
Supratim: 
 
Understood. Now that is very clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Shreya Shivani with Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a very good quarter. My question is 
broadly around our distribution strategy, not so much to do with this quarter alone but how are we 
thinking about diversifying within our online proprietary specifically not being dependent on one web 
aggregator too much, etc. 
And second strategy that I want to ask my question around is you reach a certain size, so from here on 
for your growth to be at a certain level or for you to expand you will want to move beyond metro in 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities. How are we planning out the distribution strategy for those markets? 
Sumit Madan: 
Yes, I think thank you for the question. We already are making investments as far as Tier 2, Tier 3 
markets are concerned across all our channels. So we have seen some very good response coming to 
our products, to our brand in some of the smaller markets in the country. So those efforts will 
continue to happen.  
On the specific diversification on the online prop that you spoke about devoid of a large aggregator, 
actually, only, almost 45% of the sales in quarter one were outside this large aggregator. This number 
was 38% in the last year quarter one. So this number has clearly grown. Other than the large 
aggregator, we have made some great inroads as far as all the other aggregators are concerned. 
One of the channels which you must note we are exceptionally proud of is the entire D2C engine that 
we have built. And that has been giving us some very good traffic, the profile of customers coming 
onto that channel again is very good, the quality of business sourced from that channel again is very 
good. So I think on the online proprietary we are not now dependent only on one large aggregator.  
It is a number which is well spread across. I also feel we have developed a bit of a moat around it. So 
whichever new aggregator is coming in, their first port of call is to AMLI. That is courtesy all the 
engines we have been able to build, all the integration that we have done across, which is now helping 
us improve our penetration in all the new aggregators who are also joining the industry. 

 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Shreya Shivani: 
Right. Thank you for that answer. Just a follow-up. So your first on the Tier 2-3 markets that you 
mentioned your making an investment, that is primarily agents, right? Or is there any other your new 
partnerships that you mentioned on the Group Credit Life, are those also a part of those investments? 
And my second follow-up is on the D2C engine, if you can help us understand, I am assuming that the 
majority of customers this D2C platform is pulling is from the urban markets. Would that be fair to 
say? 
Sumit Madan: 
Surprisingly no. In fact, if you look at our online sales, it has a very healthy contribution of customers 
coming in from Tier 2, Tier 3 markets. It also coincides with the first question that you asked with 
respect to Tier 2, Tier 3 and are these only the agents.  
Answer is actually across, not only agents, but when you look at the banking channel, when you look 
at the e-com channel, there is a very healthy mix of customers actually coming from Tier 2, Tier 3 
locations. So I think the concept of some of these customers coming only from urban centers, I think 
across the industry that trend is changing at a very fast pace and we are no exception. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, that is very useful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nischint with Kotak. Please go ahead. 
Nischint: 
Thanks for taking my question and congrats for a great set of numbers. On the looks of it is now very 
clear that any kind of a capital issuance is off the cards right now but just looking at the current 
solvency numbers, I was just curious how long can you as I am sure Axis Bank is having its own 
discussions in terms of increasing further stake in the company, etcetera. But how long can you really 
wait or probably couple of months down the line you might have to still consider alternate capital 
issuance options. So, how long can you really wait for this? 
Amrit Singh: 
Look, I think there is an internal risk threshold that we run. And you are also aware that the 
accounting standard 117 will be in effect now, after, because we had sought a forbearance on the 
same will be an effective order on 1st April 2027. Regulators also keen at the same time along with 
this accounting standard to bring about the RBC framework as well, which essentially has a potential 
to create some bit of buffers and releases from a growth capital perspective that the sector can get, 
given the efficiency of which RBC will bring about. 
So it is important to keep some of these elements in mind as well how things kind of progress. And I 
think next few months and quarters will give more clarity around timelines around some of those 
things. So from a long-term perspective, I think that is a very important watch out area. But if your 
specific question is that the 198% that we are sitting at can be continued running it for how many 
more quarters before reaching our internal threshold.  
I think what you should also understand is that along with the equity raise that Axis did in the 
company, it also provides us additional debt capacity on that money as well. So, we will leverage that 
as well. And I think we can stay above the risk threshold for at least two to three quarters quite 
comfortably as we see it. 
Nischint: 
Got it. That is helpful. And just one more one was, on the profile of your annuity and non-par 
business, does the increase in -- I am just curious in terms of how the margins would stack up in these 
two products and does the swing between non-par to annuity is it in any form margin dilutive? 

 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Amrit Singh: 
I mean not giving a specific number around these because we do not disclose margins at the product 
segment level but as a whole the margin profiles are similar-ish. So it is not as if there is a drag 
getting created of one cannibalizing into another. They are very similar-ish obviously, annuity has 
different flavors and forms so there will be some of those elements in play. I mean individual annuity 
will behave differently than group annuity and so forth. But at an aggregate level the margin are quite 
comparable. 
Nischint: 
And so just one last one is that can we read that slower growth in proprietary offline kind of also 
becomes a little margin accretive? 
Amrit Singh: 
I think we have in the past in conversations indicated that the margin profile of our proprietary 
channel is actually now healthy. It is higher than the margin profile of the company at the margin. So 
in that sense, slower growth does not mean that it will be kind of adding to the margin. That would be 
an incorrect assumption. 
Nischint: 
Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Avinash with MK. Please go ahead. 
Avinash: 
Yes, thanks. Good evening. Great set of numbers. So a couple of questions, the first one, on the trend 
we are seeing so far in terms of the par and non-par, is it going to kind of continue for the rest of the 
year or would we see some kind of a --will we see some reversal here? And second if you can sort of 
provide some kind of a color or understanding on your variable annuity product, what kind of a risk 
that is stayed with you and what kind of a hedging mechanism you are using to hedge those risk. I 
mean some bit of a clarity there. Thanks. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thanks Avinash ji. I think on participating and non-participating from a trend perspective, you should 
understand that from a product construct, both these product constructs try to solve a fairly similar-ish 
consumer needs as well. I mean one over another has higher guaranteed component and the other one 
does not have equivalent guaranteed component, even par has a guaranteed component implicit in it.  
So it is a from a consumer perspective, these are stories and these are what you bring to the market 
from a freshness perspective, how many launches that you do. So it will be a I think between quarters 
etcetera, depending upon what launches we are doing because any new launch always refreshes the 
distribution machinery. 
So we will navigate through some of these things. We do hope to get the trends even on the non-par to 
at least no longer be in such sharp de-growth. It should move towards more in the green as the 
quarter’s progress. One reason for that also is the base effect because non-par in the last year same 
time was higher for us and as the quarters progress that will moderate.  
But more importantly, I think the segments of choices, protection, annuity is where we continue to 
remain focused and we are keen that those trends hold and we are able to tap onto that opportunity 
that India presents with respect to those products. 
On your second question was on variable annuity product that we have launched. That product 
actually has two components. There is an element of fixed return and on top of those fixed returns 

 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
there is an element of ability of the annuitant to participate in the equity upside and the equity story 
that the country has to present. 
Now on the fixed portion of the return, needless to say, there is a hedging strategy which is in play as 
it follows in other products. On the variable component of the equity side, it is a bit of a participation 
behavior which exists. 
The product obviously has been launched with fair bit of deliberation. So in our assessment, it does 
not bring on any additional risk onto the company because of this particular feature because that is 
participated by the annuitant himself.  
Avinash: 
Okay, clear. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Prayesh Jain with Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes, hi. My first question is on, there has been so much discussion on the commission regulations 
right and more of a broader picture I understand things can really be very different or whatever there 
is out in the media it can be very different from that or in line with that. But just wanted to understand 
I think there are two partners which would be key ones for us where things can be different, one is the 
parent bank Axis Bank as well as the other big web aggregator that we work with.  
Now in case of an in case there is a commission cut, how does generally would you expect the 
behavior of these channels to change or how do you think this could kind of pan out for us in the 
medium-term. That is, that is question number one. Second is Axis Bank has seen some pickup in 
momentum in the recent quarter as well as.  
So how do you see Axis Bank as a channel growing and especially there was earlier a question about 
Tier 2, Tier 3 growth. That also can we see some Axis Bank playing a meaningful role in that segment 
of growth? Yes, those would be my question. Thanks. 
Amrit Singh: 
I think firstly on commission regulation as the regulator has spoken on multiple forums. They are 
proposing to bring a draft and they want to follow a consultative process with entire industry. At a 
macro level very frankly, anything the way we see it is that anything which is good for the consumer 
is good for the entire ecosystem.  
And we will welcome those regulations, and it is a great initiative by the regulators and they will want 
to follow a very long drawn consultative process here, at least what we are picking up from the media 
news articles as well. 
So rather than getting specific into what does it mean to one channel or over another channel and each 
of these channels actually are at different efficiency levels for us and also the nature of the 
relationship that we have with some of these channels are different like Axis with the promoter of the 
company.  
Hence rather than giving you any specific response on an unknown thing of what the specific change 
is, it is better that we wait for some of these draft regulations that is being spoken off as and when 
they come. But at a macro level, we will just reiterate that I think whatever is good from a consumer's 
perspective will always be good for the industry as well and we are a firm believer in that. 

 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
And we will work and we will navigate through some of these things. This is not the first time such 
things will happen with me. On Axis Bank, I will request Sumit. 
Sumit Madan: 
Yes, sure. I think on Axis Bank, we have been having some consistently good growth now, and this 
quarter has been no exception. Before I answer your specific question around Tier 2, Tier 3, also 
important to highlight, and we have discussed this in the previous investor call as well, that we have 
kind of fragmented the bank as a whole. 
We look at Bharat Banking as a separate segment. We look at emerging channel as a separate 
segment. We look at branch banking as a separate channel. And recently, the focus has also come 
around the asset vertical, where we are increasing the retail insurance penetration. All that focus that 
we have been speaking about on the earlier investor calls also, I think everything is coming together 
now reasonably. In fact, I would say very well. 
And that is the reason why you see growth coming from the emerging channels and the 
overdependence on let us say a channel like branch banking drastically going down. The emerging 
OA share alone, if you look at in the emerging channel, it has been at almost 75%. If you look at the 
overall growth as far as quarter one is concerned, and we look at affluent channels separately, we look 
at HNI channels separately. 
There has been some very healthy growth coming across these channels as well. If you look at Bharat 
Banking and Axis Bank's presence, if you look at the overall number, 65% of the customers for us at a 
company level are actually from Tier 2, Tier 3 markets. So that gives a bit of a fillip to our overall 
numbers. We have almost around 2,736 RSU branches, which again have added to the pace of growth 
across Axis Bank. 
Like I mentioned, the Bharat Banking channel at Axis Bank has also been coming very handy with 
respect to all the growth. The overall reach for Axis Bank alone is almost at some 3,200 cities with 
some 692 branches. We also have the privilege of partnering with some very specific banks, which 
have improved our presence in the smaller cities and the hinterland of the country. 
You have a Capital Small Finance Bank, which is there in the hinterland of Punjab. You have certain 
other banks down south, which are catering to our masses in the Tier 2, Tier 3 markets, so in those 
states. So, I think overall, we are very conscious of the growth that the country is seeing in some of 
the smaller markets. We are well-equipped with our presence, with our technology, with our people to 
extract the maximum pace out of the advantage, out of the opportunity which exists in these markets. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just question one more question. If you could give your guidance on the VNB margins. Last year we 
gave that guidance and we are pretty much there. How should we think about VNB margins for this 
full year? 
Amrit Singh: 
I think rather than calling it guidance from an aspirational perspective, we have been saying we will 
want to make the VNB grow faster than the APE growth. And we leave it at that, which actually does 
mean that there would be a consequent margin improvement. The year has started to a great start. Let 
us keep our focus on that. We do intend to grow VNB at a faster clip than the APE growth. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thank you so much. 

 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Samant Singh with Phillip Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Samant Singh: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. Good set of results. Congrats for that. Just on PAR APE 
growing by 48% in the quarter. Wanted to understand what is the PPT profile of that growth. The 
reason is under Regulation VIII, first year regular premiums with a PPT of less than 10 years carries 
80% of allowable EOM versus 17.5% for renewal and close to 5% for single premiums. Is the PAR 
push a way of expanding your allowable ceiling? 
Sumit Madan: 
Samant, sorry, can you hear us? Sorry, we are not able to hear you properly. Could you please repeat 
the question, please? Because we were not able to properly comprehend what you were asking. 
Samant Singh: 
Okay. Did you hear any part of it? I will start from... 
Sumit Madan: 
May I request you to kindly repeat from the very beginning, please, if you do not mind? 
Samant Singh: 
Sure, sure. Yeah. I am saying PAR APE growth was very strong in this quarter, 48% Y-o-Y. I just 
wanted to understand the PPT, Premium Payment Term profile of that growth because in that 
Regulation VIII if you see the first-year regular premiums with a PPT of less than 10 years, it like 
carries 80% of allowable EOM versus 17.5% on renewal and 5% on single premium. Is this PAR 
push a way of expanding your allowable ceiling? 
And the second component of the same question is, what was your PAR fund utilization for FY 2026? 
If you can provide that number. That is question one. Second question is on the amalgamation. So, the 
share entitlement ratio will be stuck on a look-through economics or with reference to MFSL's stated 
price. And does the resulting cap table change any shareholder's classification or trigger fresh 
regulatory approvals? Yes. These are 2 questions. 
Amrit Singh: 
I am sorry, the last question we could not follow, but I think the first question we understood because 
your voice is very muffled. 
Samant Singh: 
Sorry. Maybe my connection because even I am not able to hear you back. Anyways, let us continue, 
yeah. 
Sumit Madan: 
We will answer the first one. 
Amrit Singh: 
Let us answer the first question. I think as given our scale, etcetera, the expenses or management 
limits that the regulators set and we operate well within those ratios. That is not the reason why a 
specific action is taken around anything around participating products. This is what I heard you speak, 
actually. With respect to your question around where is, there any specific trend of PPT within the 
PAR product? There is nothing like that. It is very secular. It is the business as usual from that 
perspective across channels depending upon the mix that they are used to selling. That is the kind of 
growth that we have seen. The other question I could not understand. 
Samant Singh: 
Okay. Let me try for the second question. On the amalgamation of MFSL into AMLI. So, this is like 
share entitlement ratio will be stuck on a look-through economics or with reference to MFSL's stated 
price. Are you able to follow me or probably I should. 

 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Amrit Singh: 
I think it is a little bit premature to. When the scheme of arrangement comes through, obviously you 
will see the specifics and details around it. But having said, you will appreciate that MFSL is a fairly 
simple structure from a very light operation and largely the asset that they hold is an equity into the 
life insurance company, Axis Max Life. So the swap ratios, etcetera, fairly will be simple and if I may 
use your word, look through kind of values. There is not like a big adjustment that needs to be done. 
Samant Singh: 
Okay. Just a follow-up small thing. The capital requirement through FY 28, is it fully covered through 
this INR1,600 crore QIP or it might have been answered earlier, but sorry for that, asking again. 
Amrit Singh: 
What we were trying to explain was that firstly it is an enabling approval which goes up to May of 
next year from a capital perspective. While we had taken that approval and the shareholder consent on 
the same, we had indicated that it is largely to support the growth capital requirements of Axis Max 
Life. What we are also seeing is that the developments that are happening around the new accounting 
standard adoption by the regulator, also the risk-based solvency framework. 
There seems to be progress being made quite strongly on both those fronts. So we would want to see 
the outcomes of what the final risk-based solvency framework kind of comes through. At a macro 
level, such a framework does make the insurance company more capital efficient and provides more 
buffer on growth capital perspective. 
But it is a little difficult to comment specifically around all those things given that element is not 
finalized. I think the regulatory intention is to make more capital efficiency within the sector, thereby 
providing adequate capital for a single growth aspiration. 
Samant Singh: 
What is your internal solvency sort of bands? 
Amrit Singh: 
As a methodology, there is a, every year depending upon the kind of risks that we have on our balance 
sheet, we run a certain risk threshold scenario. That number hovers anywhere between plus minus 
180% few percentage. 
Samant Singh: 
Okay, sure. Thanks for that and all the best. Sorry for the disturbance in line. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from Sanketh Godha with Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. My question, again, probably is more on solvency and Axis 
things. Is it fair to say that if Axis approval of going from 20% to 30% gets delayed, this INR1,600 
crore of QIP, what you are, what you have kept it on abeyance right now, you might do it eventually 
to support the growth? That is a fair assumption to make? 
Amrit Singh: 
Look, if RBC does not come on time, as we had indicated in the past as well, then your assumption is 
correct. But if there is a development which happens on that framework, maybe the number may go 
up. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Understood. And just one more clarification. This 190 solvency what you have reported in the end of 
June includes the sub-debt which you are redeeming. So if you remove that number, I am believing 
that you are raising one more round of sub-debt to compensate for that coupon rate. Still solvency will 
be closer to 200 with the additional sub-debt what you will raise? 
Amrit Singh: 
Sorry, can you say that again, Sanketh? 

 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sanketh Godha: 
No. What I was asking is that you are redeeming your sub-debt around INR480 crore, INR490 crore 
as per the result. Will you be raising another round of sub-debt? Because what you reported at June 
end includes that sub-debt. Now, given that sub-debt will go away, solvency will naturally fall. Then, 
you are raising another round of sub-debt to boost it up back to 190, 200 level? 
Amrit Singh: 
Your observation is correct. We have actually already honored the call on the sub-debt. This was done 
on 31st of July. We will recoup and re-raise both that amount and also the amount that we got from an 
additional capacity of the Axis infusion that happened in the first quarter. Yes, we will be doing a sub-
debt raise. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Vinod Rajamani with Nirmal Bang. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Yeah. So, thank you for taking my question. I had just one question. So, to an earlier question, you 
had responded saying that almost 70% of the margin uplift is on account of yields and 30% is on 
account of the product mix change. So, just wanted to know now in, so if I look at the yield curve of 
the June curves, so the Q2 VNB will be priced off the June curve. That is already almost 50 basis 
points lower at the long end than the March curve. So should we expect some bit of unwind on 
account of this yield change in, say, the Q2 margin? That is the only question I have. 
Amrit Singh: 
Look, dynamic pricing of products, depending upon yield curve is a natural process as a life insurance 
company we follow. Your observation is correct. You are saying that at the end of the June, the curve 
has moved, which could take away not the entire, but some benefits that were available in the first 
quarter from a yield curve perspective. 
But it is a par for course for insurance company, depending from build environment, etcetera, you 
continue doing repricing. But from the aspiration perspective, we hold steady to some of those things 
that we expect the VNB growth momentum to be faster than the APE growth momentum as we 
conclude the year. We are working towards some of those aspirations. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Right. But that 70% and 70/30 split, that is correct? That side, right? 
Amrit Singh: 
Yeah, there is look, there is a reality of, as the quarter kind of progresses the operating leverage plays 
out. Typically, if you have a good healthy start from a mix perspective, the operating leverage play 
out is also superior. Doing that, I think you are trying to do that maths of 70% will go away and 
consequently there could be pressure. I mean I will not go in that direction because operating leverage 
of the quarter also helps us. 
Vinod Rajamani: 
Yeah. Thanks so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nidhesh Jain with Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Hello. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is on annuity. What is driving such strong growth in 
annuity business? Is it driven by the new product launch that we have done? And is there a, do you 
sense a customer behavior change? Because annuity traditionally has not been large product in India. 
So is it changing and what is driving that? 
Amrit Singh: 
We had a few launches of annuity in quarter three last year. Annuity, that particular product that we 
launched came into the base, which was accepted, very well accepted across distribution channels, 

 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
given the unique retirement need an annuity product solves for. Some bit of this superlative growth 
that you are seeing is also coming out of a bit of a low base effect of quarter one. 
Having said, in the current quarter, we have also launched a new variable annuity product which was 
asked at the start of the call by someone, which will also give us a positive lift. So it is a combination 
of product launches on the annuity space, which is actually helping us drive that momentum. But 
yeah, I mean, Q1, the 120% growth numbers have some bit of a base effect as well.  
Nidhesh Jain: 
And any particular channel which is driving this growth? 
Management: 
No, it is a fairly accepted product. 
Sumit Madan: 
It is across all channels. Axis and agency both obviously are leading the way. There are the specific 
customer segmentation around the silver segments, as we call it, where annuity is becoming quite 
popular, and I think the team has been able to sell the product well. Also, it coincides with our overall 
growth across all channels, including the proprietary business. 
It is important to mention that because strategically all channels remain the key engines of growth. 
There was a question earlier around proprietary also, and it is important to say that some of the input 
parameters on proprietary, which is the offline proprietary, still remain strong. And annuity, of course, 
forms a key part of that bucket as well. 
If you look at the last 36 months or so, we have had a very consistent growth as far as offline 
proprietary channels are concerned. And we not only look at the output or the final number as far as 
offline prop is concerned, but we also follow the input vectors very seriously. If you look at the 
advisor recruitment, we have actually grown on that parameter. 
Top advisor premium, again, which is a very critical component of the offline proprietary channel, we 
have seen a growth of 28%. FLS productivity, Amrit mentioned about some of the initiatives we have 
taken around AI and tech. Again, we have seen a 7% growth as far as FLS productivity on the offline 
proprietary channel is concerned. 
So I think importantly, whenever we launch a new product, Amrit just mentioned about the variable 
annuity. I think the engine is right now well-equipped across all channels, be it Axis, agency or 
banker proprietorship as a whole, to be able to capture the most out of it. And again, in annuity, it 
looks like a very sustainable, scalable growth for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala with IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Can you please give some color on how the competition is faring, 
especially on the banca channels, Axis as well as some of the other larger banca channels? Has the 
couple of unlisted players become a lot more aggressive in those channels? If that is driven by higher 
payouts or more lucrative product offerings, then how do you intend to counter that? 
Sumit Madan: 
I mean very difficult to comment on what some of the other players are doing. I can largely talk about 
some of the strengths that we have and how, very -- I would say in a very consistent manner, we have 
been at the numero uno position at some of the banks. Our average of last for quarter counter share at 
Axis Bank always around 65%-70%. In Yes Bank, again, we are the number one player. 

 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
What gives us all the more confidence is the separate vertical we have called strategic alliances, 
where we get into new partnerships. Just as a case in point, across the seven last banks that we 
acquired, and you will appreciate just the acquisition or signing of the agreement with the bank is only 
a starting point. It is far more difficult to become a dominant player in any of the newer banks. 
At least from that perspective, Axis Max Life Insurance has done very well. In the last seven banks 
that we have gotten into a partnership where we have not been the first, second, or the third player. 
We have in fact been the fourth, fifth, or the sixth player. Across these 7 banks, we already have a 
counter share of 25% plus. Four out of these seven banks, we are actually now the number one player. 
So, I think the important point is across all the banks, our story has been very consistent with respect 
to the growth. In terms of what the competition is doing, the market is always competitive. It keeps us 
on our toes. It keeps us demanding more out of one another. But I think we are a little ahead as far as 
some of those discussions across people, technology, product are concerned. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Understood. I was just, Sumit, trying to understand if any of the players are becoming increasingly 
irrational in open architecture banks. That is all. 
Sumit Madan: 
We like the term irrational. We have heard it a few times. All that we can say is you can count on us 
as far as the Bharosa is concerned. We will never go that route. It will not be wise or prudent on my 
part to comment on what some of the other players are doing in the market. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: 
Got it. Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 
Nishant Kumar: 
Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for being on Max Financial's earning call. We look 
forward to more such interactions in the future. Thank you once again. Goodbye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Max Financial Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you everyone for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy 
 
