 
 
 
  ISIN: INE0FFK01017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          Date: 14.08.2026
 
                               
To, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited, Exchange Plaza, NSE Building, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai-400 0513 Fax: 022-26598237, 
022-26598238 
SYMBOL: NPST 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544396 
 
 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted on 
August 12, 2026 
 
Respected Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors conducted on 
Wednesday, August 12, 2026, in respect of the quarter ended on June 30, 2026.  
 
The transcript will be also available on the website of the Company at www.npstx.com  
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
For Network People Services Technologies Limited  
 
 
Chetna Chawla 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A64291 
  
 
 
    
 
 
Chetna Avinash 
Chawla
Digitally signed by 
Chetna Avinash Chawla 
Date: 2026.08.14 
15:14:46 +05'30'

 
 
Network People Services Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Conference Call 
August 12, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Network People Services 
Technologies Q1 FY 2027 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Valorem 
Advisors. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, Ms. Jain. 
Purvangi Jain: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My name is Purvangi Jain from Valorem 
Advisors. We represent the investor relations for NPST Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's 
Earnings Call for the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 2027. 
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement.  
 
Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call may be forward-looking 
in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as 
assumptions made by and information currently available to the 
Management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on 
these forward-looking statements in making any investment decision. The 
purpose of today's Earnings Call is purely to educate and bring awareness 
about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. 
 
Now, let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's 
Earnings Call and hand it over to them for their opening remarks. 
 
We have with us Mr. Deepak Chand Thakur – Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Ashish Aggarwal – Joint Managing Director. 

 
 
 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Deepak Thakur to start with his opening 
remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thanks Purvangi. Hi everyone. A very good morning and happy to connect 
with all of you. 
 
This being a 1st Quarter result, we would like to share not just the numbers 
but the fundamental set around it and how this will pan out this year as well 
as the next few years. 
We believe that companies are built by creating sustainable platforms, solving 
meaningful customer problems and consistently executing long-term vision 
rather than chasing short-term goals. We did chase business transformation 
last year and we continue to make efforts in building stronger platform for a 
global company you want to see in NPST.  
 
We have delivered strong year-on-year growth, increased our revenue 
sources, expanded our product portfolio. We have accelerated our 
international journey. In fact, we have made it a little earlier and continued 
investing in future-ready AI-based technologies. As a result, revenue grew 
significantly year-on-year while the profitability also remained strong despite 
our ongoing investment for future growth. 
 
In last fall, like we committed, we have explained in our financial results that 
our focus has been multi-pronged to take the organization to next stage: 
A) we want to derisk the organization from industry impact due to regulatory 
landscape changes. That brings more stability. Pivot into multiple new 
products and segments including RegTech and AI-based risk intelligence. 
Create global footprint and acquire accounts from newer territories. And 
build SaaS-based profile to add recurring revenue.  
 
We worked our way on all the above directions and now we are seeing funnel 
as well as results moving in this direction. Although we have brought down 
the contribution from payment platform like in my last presentation, but any 
positive move on MDR on UPI will revive this segment. We are closely 
monitoring the progress for now. We may not see immediate impact, but it 
will have a visible difference. This is how early the industry absorbs.  
 
In RegTech, we have picked up deals in cooperative segment and now we 
have an order from large PSU as well. So, we intend to launch SaaS-based 
subscription for mid to small-size banks. That will again give us a larger 
universe to address. We have informed in our vision for global foray, and here 
we have been able to capture global account in Quarter 1 itself. Our team is 

 
 
now increasing new account quite frequently due to presence of SaaS-based 
bank-in-a-box model that we invested last year. 
 
While historically we have been associated with payments, but the efforts 
invested last year to diversify has evolved NPST into a broader FinTech 
company, a platform which has capability not just across payments but also 
RegTech, banking technology, AI-led compliance solution and international 
digital financial infrastructure offering. 
 
Another significant milestone during the quarter has been the continued 
progress on our international business where we are not just aspiring to get 
the business, but we now have a revenue contribution coming in. This 
validates our relevance of the technology which we have built. It is not just in 
India, but it can go beyond that and demonstrate the scalability of our product 
across different geographies. International market we not just look at it as an 
additional revenue stream, but we believe it is going to be a strategic pillar 
for the company going forward.  
 
We are consciously investing in product, global business development, 
artificial intelligence, SaaS infrastructure and skill set revival. These 
investments although cost today, but they are growth enablers intended to 
strengthen our competitive position in coming years.  
 
We see continued momentum across banking clients, growing demand for 
regulatory technology, increase in adoption for digital payment, emerging 
international opportunities and stronger technology ecosystem. Our pipeline 
remains healthy. Our customer engagement continues to deepen and the 
strategy direction, whatever we have given in the beginning of the year, that 
remains unchanged. 
 
Coming to numbers: 
I think if you have gone through it, the year-on-year uptake has been about 
75% in revenue. We closed at about INR 61.42 crore. Our EBITDA has grown 
by 66% and our net profit has gone up by INR 53 crore, which is about INR 
11.4 crore.  
 
I think that should be good enough for now. I will take questions later on. Yes, 
Purvangi, over to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We now begin the question-and-answer session. First 
question is from the land of Akshay from AK Investments please go ahead. 

 
 
Akshay: 
Sir, my first question is about the revenue guidance. So, we had earlier guided 
that we should be able to grow by around 15% to 20% quarter-on-quarter 
throughout the year, but in the 1st Quarter itself we have degrown quarter-
on-quarter. So, what should be the fair assumption on the revenue front?  
 
And also we had guided that we should be somewhere around highest 
revenue per quarter of around INR 67 crore in the next quarter, but we are 
still INR 10 crore behind this target. So, please put some more color on the 
growth trajectory going forward. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Thanks, Akshay. Well, we gave a guidance of about 60% to 70% growth and 
that remains unchanged. There is no challenge at all. 
 
In fact, I addressed this question in detail in the last quarter itself, and I gave 
the nature of the business. I clarified that. So, I would like to reiterate the fact 
that we brought down our projection in the PPaaS segment to just about 5% 
to reduce the risk associated with that segment. And now we are more of a 
technology-led subscription and the overall solution that we are selling in the 
ecosystem which may not have exactly the same nature of revenue every 
quarter. And that is the reason why I even gave a clarity that you should 
definitely be looking at yearly numbers that is coming out. 
 
So, whatever funnels we had, we had that clarity. We knew how this is going 
to work out. And that is why comparing Q4 of last year with Q1 may not be 
the right approach. You should be looking at how the company is growing 
year-on-year. And you should be looking at what numbers we are sharing. Is 
it meeting the guidelines? And the answer is yes. We are actually following 
the same trend. There is no change in guidelines. 
 
When it comes to the overall numbers, I think last quarter we have been able 
to do about INR 68 crores, which we already did when it comes to the highest 
performing quarter. And it will be due in this year as well. So, the triggers 
coming in, the numbers coming in, the execution and implementation as and 
when it goes ahead, in some quarters we will definitely shoot up much higher 
than that. 
Akshay: 
And we are also sticking to the full year FY '27 EBITDA margins’ guidance of 
around 30%, right? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: That remains unchanged. 
Akshay: 
And my second question is about the MDR. So, recently, there was a bill in 
Parliament that approved the MDR on UPI. So, do we get any benefit out of 

 
 
it? And what is the economics of the bank's revenue and our sharing on that 
front? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, it is an advantage to the company. But we are actually waiting for the 
guidance to come from the regulator, banks and from NPCI, which is, I mean, 
we are extremely positive about how this should shape up. 
 
Just to give you an idea, we build the acquiring infrastructure for banks on 
which the entire UPI payment ecosystem would work. And basis that 
platform, there are certain contracts which we usually do on SaaS-based 
model. 
 
Now, the entire industry had a limited fund in absence of MDR. The moment 
MDR starts flowing in, when UPI is doing about 23 billion transactions, even 
5%-10% of such transactions brings in huge amount of revenue to the entire 
industry. And that goes across the payment aggregators, banks and TSPs like 
us. We start generating that revenue. 
 
So, the PPaaS segment, which was just about 5%, that will start flourishing 
where we brought down the risk associated with the platform revenue. Now 
the MDR revenue will start kicking in. And that will add a good amount of 
revenue to the organization. 
Akshay: 
And sir, lastly, on the international market presence. So, we are continuously 
developing our international presence. So, what type of products and 
solutions do we provide in the international market and also in the 
presentation you have mentioned that we have got the license, we have got 
the order for one of the biggest telecom companies in India for the super app. 
So, can you put some light on these two developments? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Unfortunately, I will not be able to zero down exactly on what we have, what 
product is the hero product because of the competition. What I can definitely 
tell you is that when it comes to digital transformation around payments, 
digital banking, we have multiple products with us, right? We have 
interoperable payment platform. We have merchant acquiring platform. We 
have banking super app. So, all of these we take as a bouquet and go to 
international market. 
 
So, what we have got now as an order, we are actually transforming the entire 
digital landscape and payment for the telecom provider. So, just like you have, 
you know, exactly if I replicate it, like you have Airtel as a telecom provider, 
but Airtel also has Airtel Money, Airtel Payment Bank. So, that is where it 
opens up opportunity for us when the telecom provider has a FinTech 
options. 

 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Nishant Joshi from Equisense Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Nishant Joshi: 
In last con call, you have mentioned that if we do business with Indian 
companies, we get a margin in range of around 15% to 20%. Whereas for 
global clients, it could be in range of 30% to 35%, which can reach up to 40% 
also.  
 
And you also have mentioned that the international business would be on a 
faster growth trajectory. So, do you still stick with it? And can you give a 
number that how much of our deals are coming from international markets? 
And how do you see growing it in the next 12 to 15 months? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, the order that we pick up will go through an implementation cycle. And 
the implementation cycle can range from four months to about nine months. 
That is the journey. 
 
There are milestones that come with it. So, there will be early revenue 
realization in certain cases, and there will be cases where post 
implementation, it immediately hits the quarter. And that is the reason why I 
was saying.  
 
So, we got one and we are, I mean, to be honest, there are two more deals in 
pipeline. So, we will be sitting at a good bucket by the end of this quarter. 
 
And when it comes to the margin, yes, that margin is what we are looking at. 
And yes, that is the margin which we will be working on. For now, if you see 
the consolidated numbers, we have about 10% to 12% coming in from 
international. 
 
And as and when the project goes, so the project can range from four years, 
five years, or even longer than that. So, those stages, we start generating 
more and more margin as and when the implementation gets completed and 
the revenue starts kicking in. 
Nishant Joshi: 
So, my second query was, again, related to the same UPI payment system 
industry. Can you give an outlook to the industry overall? If MDR is 
introduced, do you see value of transaction and volume of transaction that 
MDR will be implemented, giving a lower growth trajectory?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: I think, see, what I am going to tell you right now is strictly my personal 
experience. Why? Because we are yet to receive guidance from our 
customers, like from banks and NPCI and the regulator. That is yet not 
released. 

 
 
 
So, it is way too early. And that is the reason why we not giving a very 
aggressive numbers around it. Because we are yet to see how this is going to 
pan out. But once it goes, because it has already gone in a very positive 
direction. So, once it goes, it straightaway brings an upgrade to the projection 
which we have made around payment platform as a service, which we have 
completely tapered down for now, until we see that impact coming in. So, 
that segment will get a boost. 
 
Second, we must also understand that the conversation which is happening 
right now is around the higher ticket size transition. And honestly, it is not 
going to be customers. Merchants are going to get charged. So, high ticket is 
definitely around those merchants who can afford to sell those kind of 
products. So, if you are going to a small grocery store, your ticket size is much 
lesser compared to when you do a bigger shopping.  
 
So, there, if the ticket size is larger, then the kind of MDRs they are talking 
about is not even equal to what we have in cards. Much, much lower than 
that. So, I don't think that the revenue bucket around those particular 
transactions, sorry, the transactions around those revenue buckets will get 
impacted because that particular business is already making good value 
transactions. And MDR at much lesser rate on UPI is better than paying for 
the higher cost card-based transactions. So, rather than card, they will still 
prefer UPI because the MDR is much, much lower on UPI compared to card. 
So, small businesses should not get affected. And large businesses will 
definitely have an option to use UPI at a lower cost.  
Nishant Joshi: 
Thank you for your view. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Zen Nivesh. Please go 
ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you for taking my question. My first question is related to the last point 
which you just mentioned regarding large transactions. So, I think 4% to 6% 
of the total UPI transaction falls under that bucket where there could be an 
MDR available. 
 
So, looking at our current scheme of things in terms of how we are present, 
do we see a sufficient enough pool for us given that it is only restricted to 6%?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: See, that businesses, those 6%-7% are those large merchants, right? Those 
are not small merchants. So, if you see the ratio among the large merchants, 
I think if we categorize those merchants where the balance sheet is much 
bigger, then we are probably talking about almost 80%-90% of those 
merchants, top merchants, who will come under MDR bucket. And where do 

 
 
we have these merchants? These merchants are basically across all acquiring 
platforms. 
 
So, there are not more than 80-90 banks who have the acquiring ability, of 
which about top 15-20 banks are the ones who are actually catering to such 
kind of merchants. In our bucket, we have PSU bank, we have private bank 
and we have cooperative bank. All of them on our acquiring platform. So, we 
definitely see some catering.  
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sir, one thing I was not very clear, and I am sure as in you alluded to your 
previous remarks also that still everything is not clear. You are waiting for the 
point which I want to understand is, will we directly get a benefit of MDR as 
in a share in that or we will just get the benefit of this market getting 
expanded? This 4% to 6% market may be doing really well and that will 
increase business for us in the long run. Or we will get a direct share in the 
MDR also when it comes in. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Sir, I will split it into three. When I say that we have not got communication, 
that means we work for regulated entities where UPI will have an impact. 
These regulated entities are banks and payment aggregators where we have 
deployed our payment platform as well as our infrastructure. 
 
Now, unless and until we do not receive communication from those 
directions, that is where we are saying that the communication is yet not 
there. However, the industry is already moving in that direction. Once that 
entire journey is completed, then it will reach our customers and then from 
there it will come to us. That is what I meant.  
 
I am not denying that it is in a positive direction, but I don't want to make any 
number projections unless we receive the paper from them. These are the 
changes you do and now MDR can be charged. That is what I am referring to.  
Ankit Kanodia: 
That was very helpful. So, my next question is related… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I will answer the second one. So, how we are getting benefit? One is there will 
be good revenue available. So, the total transacted value on UPI today is INR 
2.7 trillion approximately every month. Now, if you take this number and 
whatever number you are calculating right now, 4%-5% and then you take 
MDR, imagine the money flowing in the ecosystem. And when that happens, 
there is more money available to pay to technology service providers to start 
upgrading platform or to faster the roadmap to generate more revenue. 

 
 
 
So, there will definitely be competition amongst banks to generate more 
revenue because of this MDR. And there will be more investments coming in. 
So, TSP gets an added advantage. So, this is an indirect benefit we get. 
 
Second, on a payment platform, we have orders where we have implemented 
acquiring platform. And we get paid for transaction. So, that is a direct benefit 
we get. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much for that detailed answer. In the same MDR issue, when 
the Honorable Finance Minister was talking in the parliament, she also 
highlighted about the need for cyber security and fraud detection software. 
So, how do we see that opportunity for us? Maybe I am not asking for any 
finance guidance. But maybe from a qualitative view, do you see that, how 
are we placed and how do we see that business moving forward for us? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, we anticipated this problem being in this segment for over a decade now. 
And we are the only company who not only has infrastructure around banks, 
payment platform, but we also have a RegTech.  So, we invested into AI-
based risk intelligence about 2.5 years, 3 years back. And last con call, we 
clearly said that it was just a product. Now, we have created as a separate 
vertical to focus on to it. 
 
What we see is an opportunity or much bigger opportunity for NPST, wherein 
RegTech will start, it is unsaid regulation now to have such kind of software 
to control the cyber frauds. And for that, what we built was completely AI 
intelligence around the merchant acquiring platform, how the transaction 
loopholes can be identified and how merchant risk can be underwritten.  
 
For that is what I was referring to when I said we got an order from large PSU. 
The product is proven. And now we are going to create a subscription-based 
model for the small to mid-sized industry. So, that is definitely on cards. And 
with the growth, if at all there is any further positive change in regulation that 
demands this kind of software to be mandated, it is straightaway going to help 
us in our RegTech growth.  
Ankit Kanodia: 
One last question, if I may. How do you see this MDR thing impacting the 
micro-ATM and the smart phone POS deployment in the rural areas, far off 
areas where there is still no scope of ATM and micro-ATMs are the only way? 
At one point of time, we had RBI having a PIDF, which is Payment 
Infrastructure Development Fund, which later got stopped. Do you see with 
MDR, this also getting revived in certain ways and we get benefit from that?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: To be honest, that is more related to AePS, wherein the withdrawal happens 
through biometric. And there is also a product called UPI Cash Point, where 

 
 
the MDR always existed. It never changed. So, it has a very different segment 
altogether. We cannot directly compare it with this impact because MDR on 
UPI Cash, if you want to withdraw cash through a QR code, there was an MDR 
cost to it. And there is no change in that.  
 
Second, when it comes to the competition between micro-ATM, ATM, AePS, 
that is a completely different product. So, I wouldn't like to call out anything 
in that direction.  
Ankit Kanodia: 
So, let's keep the MDR aside. How do you see the micro-ATM market going 
forward? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Unfortunately, I am not exactly in that segment. So, it will be difficult for me. 
However, what I see is that in 2 to 3 years, UPI Cash will definitely make 
inroads as against the larger cost involved in micro-ATMs. So, if at all there is 
more confidence, the cyber risk is less, and it is a good compliant system, then 
we see that UPI Cash point will grow. And that is where the infra cost goes 
down and the revenue is available for everyone. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
That was very helpful, and all the best for the future. That’s it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Hardik Gandhi from HPMG. Please go ahead. 
Hardik Gandhi: 
So, I have two questions. First, I think we put out a very aggressive guidance 
on the margins. And after such, in the last quarter, right? And this quarter, 
when I am looking at the margins, on the EBITDA level, we have dropped. So, 
what is the reason for that? And do we have to look at it on a year-on-year 
basis? How do we go about that? That is my first question. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, like I said that the margin, what we have referred to is a combination of, 
so, if you see the table which we gave last year, sorry, last call, it is a 
combination of domestic, global and RegTech all taken together. And that is 
why we gave the cautious understanding also that the nature of business has 
also changed. It was 90% on PPaaS, which has gone down to 5% as projection 
now. 
 
So, you should be looking at a technology-led growth. So, the order that we 
have picked up in Q1, the order which we have picked up in Q2, these margins 
will start adding up. And then the averaging out will definitely be much higher 
than what we currently have right now.  
 
And that is the reason why we are confident that by the end of the year, we 
are definitely meeting our guidance. So, global play will add margin as well as 

 
 
RegTech, which is AI-based product. So, that also has a higher margin. So, that 
is where it will impact.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
A follow-up on the global business. Just wanted to know that if we are able to 
expand our offerings to new banks or are we just trying to cross-sell to our 
existing clients? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Our first target is always banks, central banks, and BFSI segment because that 
is where it evolves. But when we are going to global market, the interesting 
case that we are coming across is the other segment are also struggling with 
the same problem. 
 
So, the nature of payment ecosystem in a geography differs from the other 
geography. However, the product that we have developed has a universal 
acceptance. It may be banking, it may be telecom or any other segment. So, 
we are still evolving.  
 
So, to be very clear, the other two orders are going to be, of the three first 
orders that we are going to pick up, there is going to be just one order from 
the payment service provider. Rest are going to be from the other segment.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
So, I just wanted to know on the traction. Because we earlier mentioned that 
we are far ahead compared to the global peers. Our technology is far 
advanced given that our quick adoption of UPI and other technology in India. 
And we mentioned that this will be the low-hanging fruit for us to capture the 
global banks in different countries. And I think that we have not been able to 
tap as successfully. Or is it just taking time? I am not sure. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I think we are connecting in less than three months. And I have already shared 
the order book. So, I mean, what we already have and what is the new that is 
coming in. That talks about the traction which is available.  
 
Yes, there may be possibility that certain orders we are anticipating in three 
months, it may come in five months. That may happen. But the overall 
business, whatever we saw with last year's efforts, it is still intact. Our funnel 
is growing. And at the same time, our traction has only improved. So, I don't 
see there is any change at all.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
Correct. And just last question. For the IPO funds, I think we received it in 
December. I think it's been eight months. We have used only 10%, roughly 
10%-15% of it. So, what is the deployment schedule or plan?  

 
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, we currently have zeroed down on three odd opportunities where we 
intend to invest. Our conditions are very, very strict and that is the reason 
why it has taken time. 
 
In fact, I mentioned this last year also. We don't want to completely invest 
into only one segment. So, we wanted to diversify that. RegTech was one area 
where we had to zero down on few companies. Then there was solutions 
around AI. And then there was solutions around payment infrastructure. So, 
all of these we have identified. So, we will definitely see some traction soon.  
Hardik Gandhi: 
No, no. Just the meaning for that was that what will be the time of 
deployment that within next year we will be able to deploy the funds? Or will 
it be like a very gradual process where it will take us two to three years? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: No, no. We can't wait till next year. Not the entire fund, but we will start 
seeing deployment in next two quarters. And those will be on product 
development. So, we are looking at market expansion. Do we get an access to 
the international market, ready customers with new product altogether? So, 
all those parameters exist. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Preet Shah from Blue Star Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Preet Shah: 
Sir, I just want to understand. So, from last two quarters, we have been saying 
that next quarter will be fine, next quarter will be fine. I understand the 
business is changing. But again, you can help me to understand when we will 
see a good growth Y-on-Y and Q-on-Q. From which quarter we can see and 
how confident you are to achieve this year's guidance?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: I believe you should start looking from the quarter which we have already 
declared. So, 68 was in Q4 last year. So, we already reached that maximum 
number after. Even between the transformation period and the change in the 
business model, we try to maintain that.  
 
Secondly, what we have done is we have grown about 75% year-on-year this 
time. And the execution cycle and implementation milestones, those are the 
ones which start giving the revenue. So, this year, again, no change in 
guidance that remains intact. We continue to scale the number. And all the 
other parameters, if you evaluate, did we get international revenue? The 
answer is yes. Have we been able to grow the numbers? Have we been able 
to maintain EBITDA? Have we been able to grow those self-subscription-
based business? Are we getting revenue from the other verticals like 
RegTech? So, all those are green flags. So, if you see that, it straightaway takes 
us to a direction where whatever we have committed is getting achieved. 

 
 
Preet Shah: 
So, sir, as you are guiding for 60% to 70% growth on revenue, so is my 
understanding correct? You are saying roughly 320 CR to 340 CR revenue for 
this year? And we have done 56 for Q1. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: The range is around that. Yes.  
Preet Shah: 
And we are taking 30% EBITDA margins, right, for this year? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes. That is the guidance. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sampath Nayak from ZTO Capital Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sampath Nayak: 
So, this is again a question regarding MDR. Just wanted to understand if we 
are the direct beneficiary of this MDR implementation or the indirect? So, 
when I say direct, let's say a large merchant collects the MDR fees. So, will we 
be getting that or will we be part of indirect spending by these banks or 
payment gate? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, the revenue, the interchange revenue generated by the acquiring bank 
where we have our infrastructure, that is where we will get paid. So, we will 
get paid from banks for the acquiring stock. We will not be charging 
merchants. It is the bank which will charge the merchants and they will do a 
share with us. 
Sampath Nayak: 
No, no. I mean, let's say there is a transaction. For every transaction, will we 
get paid or will we get paid for the… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes. So, there are two businesses. One is TSP and another one is payment 
platform. Whenever we have TSP, there any incremental development on 
software to generate more revenue, whatever investments they are doing, 
that is where there will be an incremental business coming in, in our TSP 
model.  
 
The other model is payment platform where whatever acquiring platform we 
have deployed, on that, whatever per transaction revenue is generated by 
bank due to MDR which is not present right now, there the bank will share 
the revenue with us. So, that becomes a direct revenue over the revenue 
generated from the merchant. 
Sampath Nayak: 
So, I mean, there are both direct and indirect revenue opportunities are open 
now, correct? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Absolutely. 

 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the Suman, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Suman: 
I think there are enough questions on MDR. I will request when the things are 
clarified, please have a special session on that.  
 
Now, coming to other questions question, how is your competition in 
RegTech? That is number one. Secondly, how is your TimePay moving on? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, first one on the competition, I think RegTech is a very broader subject. To 
be precise, when we talk about the established products like EFRM or EWS, 
all those products, there the competition exists. It is there for decade on.  
 
What we have built is the AI-based risk intelligence, which is completely new. 
And that can be only evolved if at all you are able to deploy that solution in 
the banking environment, which we did and we processed almost about 650 
million transactions on it. So, we not only have product, we also have machine 
learning and we also have the data intelligence, which is at 98% accuracy. 
 
So, if I take that particular point, we don't have any competition at all right 
now. That was the first mover we did in the market. We invested as a 
company, good amount of investment that went into this particular product 
with the belief that we will be able to take it to market. 
 
And then, now when we go ahead and we talk about this product, we don't 
have to compete. We have to actually give them an idea how this is going to 
solve the problem. So, that is the status right now. 
Suman: 
So, this prima facie looks very encouraging, you know. I think number of 
banks… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: In fact, we have got a good attraction even from the global market, wherever 
we are talking. 
Suman: 
So, that should translate into a good top line, I believe, in the next couple of 
quarters. Anyway, all the best. How about TimePay? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes, TimePay, again, since this is B2C, we are still looking for the overall 
decision on MDR. If at all MDR has a direct impact on the payer revenue, 
which is the payer PSP also gets a share of that revenue, then for sure it will 
create an influx of opportunity on TimePay. And then we can probably revive 
that product to a different, with a very, very focused thought process on what 
would be the investment. And if this stream of revenue adds in, then you 
know how this product will shape up. So, that is something we are looking 
forward to. 

 
 
Suman: 
That is again encouraging. So, we can safely assume that you will cross all-
time high top line sooner than later in the next few quarters, right? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Absolutely. Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, just wanted to understand from the international business perspective. 
Now, what is our current mix right now in international revenue and in the 
next 2-3 years, how do you see the revenue from international mix going 
towards, yes?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: Right now, it is about 11%-12%. I don't have an exact, but yes, that's the range 
between 10% to 12% coming from international and that majorly from TSP. 
This, now I don't have the exact scope for 2029.  
Deepak Poddar: 
Some range would do, I mean, overall at a company level.  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Because it should be between 30, around 30% in the next 2 years that we are 
assuming. 
Deepak Poddar: 
30% in the next 2 years, you are saying by FY '28? 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
28-29, you can say. We are sitting in 26-27 now. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: So, around 2 years from here, we are targeting around 50% from the 
international business, or maybe more. 
Deepak Poddar: 
So, by FY '28-FY '29, something like that?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Yes. You can say. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And what is the margin differential between domestic versus international? I 
mean, how much better margins do you see in international?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: Almost about, I mean, if it is about 15%-20% in India, international will be 
anywhere above 35%. 30-35-40, depends on…  
Deepak Poddar: 
30-35% right?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, this year we are looking at what, 30% EBITDA margin, right?  

 
 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Yes. It should be around that. In fact, it should be around that. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And when we say next 2-3 years, this international business will go towards 
30% and that differential is also bigger. So, where do you see the aspiration 
in terms of margins for you in next 2-3 years?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Maybe you can say, currently we are between 25% to 30%. In next 2 years, 
we should target at least 35% EBITDA margin, or maybe more than that.  
Deepak Poddar: 
And in terms of growth, we said 60%-70% this year. I mean, that is the CAGR 
for next 2-3 years we are looking at?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Yes, year-on-year, you can say CAGR, 60%-70% we are targeting for next 2-3 
years.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, that effectively means what, INR 850-900 crores top line by FY '29? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Maybe. I have not done the calculation, but yes, tentatively yes, you are right. 
Next year it should be around INR 850-900 crores around there. 
Deepak Poddar: 
And this, specifically on TSP domestic business, the share will reduce, but this 
business itself will also see a growth?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Absolutely, absolutely.  
Deepak Poddar: 
But other business should see higher growth, so accordingly the TSP domestic 
share you expect to decline? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
That would be it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Kajal, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek Kajal: 
My question is on the P&L statement. In the consolidated statement, under 
the header, changes in inventories of finished goods, work in progress and 
stock in trade, there is a significant hike to INR 17 odd crores from INR 2 crores 
in the last quarter. If you could shed some color on that, that would be really 
helpful.  
Deepak Chand Thakur: Ashish, do you want to take that up?  

 
 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Yes. Abhishek, actually we are doing a multiple kind of project, which includes 
turnkey project also. So, there can be hardware kind of material, which is a 
part of our delivery. So, that covers under this part. 
 
So, it is basically the nature of business, where we can put some hardware, 
then it will cover under this side. That is the thing.  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
So, that is basically the hardware that we are supplying to the bank for the 
offline payment. 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Yes. As a part of the project where… 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Let's say, if you pick up a project worth about INR 5 crore odd, it will require 
a complete end-to-end hardware and software and services. So, basis 
milestone, it changes. So, in a certain milestone, there will be early realization 
of those pieces. And when it comes to the software and service milestones, it 
gets spread out. That is how it goes. 
Abhishek Kajal: 
That was all. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from Nishant Joshi from Equisense Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Nishant Joshi: 
So, you have already partially answered my question. It was regarding the 
inorganic growth, which company is foreseeing. I just want to understand, it 
is just due to the market expansion, which we are seeing, that is why we will 
be acquiring any company? Or do you also see certain segments of product 
where we want to build those products into our segments?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: There are too many interlinked decisions here. I mean, when the company 
was going through transformation, and about almost two years back, when 
there was a dip in revenue, we did a lot of corrective actions. And then we 
realized that the best way to do it is de-risk and diversify. So, there was a 
particular quarter where I took the investors exactly through these two 
points.  
 
So, it is critical for the company to do a forward-backward integration when 
the time is right and then also see the complementary products, which is 
exactly close to the domain, where the customers are same, your accounts 
are same, but the demand for products have increased. So, that has been our 
experience all these long. So, that is the reason why we are trying to invest 
into these areas. 
 
Like for example, when it comes to payments, payments will always have 
some risk associated with it. So, we are selling payment platform, but we are 

 
 
not selling RegTech, we are not selling anything that is needed to secure the 
payment. So, that gives us a complementary product access to the same 
customer that we are selling. 
 
So, that is how we have made a decision around diversification, de-risking. 
And then of course, when you get into it, it has its own channel and it has its 
own growth segment and the projections. So, obviously, projections also 
multiplies. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Sampath Nayak from ZTO Capital 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sampath Nayak: 
So, I just did some number crunching on the MDR. So, like if the 5% customers 
have to pay MDR, so that comes roughly around to INR 17,92,800 crores. And 
if we charge 0.25 MDR fee on that transaction value, so roughly the amount 
comes around INR 89,640-90,000 crores. So, since you told me we could be 
the direct beneficiary of this, so what kind of quantum we can consider to be 
added to it? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: First of all, I clearly said that unless we don't have a mandate coming in, I can 
only give my personal experience. I don't want to quote which is not there on 
paper yet, right? 
 
Secondly, that is not how the MDR adds numbers. So, whatever is the MDR, 
it has acquiring component, it has interchange component, it has switching 
fees, it further gets split. Then the beneficiaries here can be the one who has 
acquired a user, which is like PSP applications, those who have acquired 
merchants and that is where our bank plays a critical role.  
 
So, if at all I have given acquiring platform and the QR code generated over 
the POS on a POS is where the bank has given POS directly to the merchant. 
It is a direct interchange income coming to bank. But if they have given it via 
payment aggregator, then the payment aggregator also shares certain 
revenue. So, there are a lot of stack in between where it has to be calculated. 
So, I don't think that is instantly available right now to anyone. 
 
So, let me not quote anything right now, any number. But what I can definitely 
tell you is that we being a part to this ecosystem will definitely get certain 
direct revenue out of it. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Ashish Soni: 
Sir, in your results, there are other expenses to the tune of almost INR 19 
point some crores compared to almost INR 2 crores last year, same quarter. 
So, what is the additional expense of almost INR 17 crores this quarter?  
Ashish Aggarwal: 
Ashish, I think this is a grouping issue. The team has merged the purchase cost 
in these expenses. That is the INR 17 crore amount. So, other expense is INR 
2 crore only. 
Ashish Soni: 
And your growth in this quarter was almost 70-odd percent. But your 
employee expenses have not increased. So, is it because of your software-as-
a-service platform or the fee which was more? Because proportionality, it 
didn't increase at all. It is hardly 10%-20% is what I understand. So, what 
caused that? 
Ashish Aggarwal: 
So, there are multiple reasons. First is that we are in a business where the 
employee cost is maybe not directly proportionate with the revenue. Second, 
the adoption of AI is very important where we are doing multiple things. 
Multiple developments we are taking with the help of AI. I think Deepak has 
already covered this part that as an organization we have adopted AI. So, that 
is the reason I think employee cost will not increase at proportion to the 
revenue. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: We are trying our best to create an AI-driven organization. There are policies 
being written. Now when the policies get written, they impact over the AI 
security, they impact over the tools that is being used. So, we just don't want 
to make it a random decision. We have made a decision that the organization 
will shift towards AI-based policies and processes. That is already going on. 
So, whatever benefit we got, I think it is visible now.  
 
And in fact on our investor presentation, we have clearly given that we want 
to improve our efficiency. The target of about 30% is still there. So, that is the 
target. So, yes, those kinds of reflections you will start seeing.  
Ashish Soni: 
And regarding your guidance of 60%-70% CAGR for the next 2-3 years, does 
that include your inorganic growth or it will be additional on top of it? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: It is not inorganic.  
Ashish Soni: 
And one last question on, with advent of Mythos coming in, there was RBI 
guidelines for banks to assess security threat against it. So, first question is, 
what is our stance on securing our platform against such attacks? And are we 
getting additional opportunities because of this RBI stance which came, I 
think, in June, if I recollect? 

 
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: We have not launched an AI product to an extent wherein there will be an 
impact. For now, whatever RBI guidelines has come around the AI attack, that 
will pave the way for larger, not larger, but I don't know, I can't value it, but 
yes, investment towards AI-based security. So, as and when the technology 
upgrades, the security layer also changes. 
 
So, those are areas which even we are looking forward to. So, there will be 
certain policy guidelines that will be released from banks, that how they 
intend to look into it, and how the software changes are expected, what 
expectation they have from the vendors. So, those implementations will 
happen over a period of time. 
Ashish Soni: 
And inorganic acquisitions, so which acquisitions can come faster? Because I 
think you are pursuing 2-3 based on whatever you have been telling. And will 
any acquisition you do, will EBITDA margin be the same as our business or it 
will be lower? I am just trying to understand because typically you are 
targeting overseas acquisitions. Because typically overseas acquisitions 
generally comes with a lower margin, until unless it is a well-established 
product. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I don't think that is a focused criteria right now. Because when it comes to 
priority, what we are looking at is the geographical access, instant access that 
we can get, new product that we can get, which is missing from our stack, 
which we wanted to build, and the growth trajectory that particular 
organization is giving right now. So, it will be way too early right now to share 
that particular information. But yes, that is the direction which we are going 
right now.  
Ashish Soni: 
Can we expect something in Q2 or Q3? Can we expect any acquisitions? 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I think Q2 is early, I don't think. But we will come back on this one.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ketan Pathak, Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Ketan Pathak: 
The guidance that you gave last quarter was about 70% year-on-year growth 
in top line. Whereas on a quarter-on-quarter basis, this quarter we are down 
10% in top line. 
 
So, my question was, do you still stick to that guidance? Because that means 
we have to do about INR 270-280 crores in next three quarters, which is like 
INR 90 crore run rate. So, do we have visibility and are we on track to do that? 

 
 
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes. I think I have addressed this in the very first question, that yearly 
guidance does not change. That still remains the same. It is just that by nature, 
when are we executing the project, when the implementation is due and the 
milestone is triggered. 
 
So, those are the reasons why, in fact, we knew this kind of, you know, when 
there is a change in the nature of business, then in last quarter call itself, we 
gave the clarity that do not expect the sequential triggers. This particular 
growth will definitely come and you should be looking at the yearly numbers. 
Ketan Pathak: 
Last question, follow-up to that is, for this quarter, I think at the PAT level, we 
were at a 17% or 18% margin. Would that improve to about 20% by the end 
of this year?  
Deepak Chand Thakur: Yes, there will be improvement because the milestone-based revenue, when 
they come in, the margins improve. And obviously, when it comes to global 
revenue share, that is what we are adding. That is the reason why we are 
pretty confident about those numbers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Deepak Chand Thakur: I think, nothing much. I think you guys should definitely start evaluating the 
company the way I have addressed in today's call. A lot of traction, a lot of 
growth opportunities, a lot of triggers available. 
 
We are also very closely monitoring how it is going to evolve the payment 
industry, basically. And I believe there is a lot that we have to work on, 
including the AI-based strategy. We are very, very aggressive on that part. 
 
Purvangi, you can take it up forward from here. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Valorem Advisors and Network People 
Services Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
