 
 
 
10th August, 2026 
 
The Manager – Listing 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, Block – G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: EMAMILTD 
The Manager – Listing 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
   
     
Scrip Code: 531162 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call of the Company for Q1 FY 27 – Financial Results 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Conference Call with 
Analysts / Investors held on 4th August, 2026, post declaration of the Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026.  
The said transcript is also available on the Company’s website at www.emamiltd.in.  
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Emami Limited 
 
 
 
 
Ravi Varma 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: F9531 
 
(Encl: As above) 
Ravi 
Varma
Digitally signed 
by Ravi Varma 
Date: 2026.08.10 
11:39:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Emami Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MOHAN GOENKA – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND VICE CHAIRMAN – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK DHIR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. DHRUV AGGARWAL – CHIEF GROWTH 
OFFICER – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. GUL RAJ BHATIA – PRESIDENT – 
HEALTHCARE – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
MR. MANISH GUPTA – PRESIDENT SALES – EMAMI 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – PRESIDENT – FINANCE 
AND INVESTOR RELATION – EMAMI LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: MR. PERCY PANTHAKI – IIFL CAPITAL SERVICES 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Emami Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero or your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Thank you, and over to you, 
sir. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi. Good evening, everyone. I have the pleasure to host the management of Emami Limited for 
their quarterly conference call. On the line with me, I have Mr. Mohan Goenka, Whole Time 
Director and Vice Chairman; Mr. Vivek Dhir, CEO, International Business; Mr. Gul Raj Bhatia, 
President, Healthcare; Mr. Manish Gupta, President, Sales; Mr. Dhruv Aggarwal, Chief Growth 
Officer; and Mr. Rajesh Sharma, President, Finance and IR. 
 
I'll hand over the call to Mr. Mohan Goenka for his initial comments, and then we'll open up for 
Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for Emami Limited's Q1 
FY27 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to report that our consolidated revenue grew by 15% to 
INR1,039 crores during the quarter. Our domestic business grew by 20% and on a like-to-like 
basis, growth stood at a healthy 12% with a volume growth of 8% after considering the previous 
year numbers of two of our start-ups, Axiom and IncNut. 
 
As our business continues to evolve, we are also transitioning our disclosure framework from 
brand-wise reporting to category-wise reporting. This reflects the increasing scale and 
diversification of our portfolio and provides a more holistic view of performance across key 
consumer segments and aligns our reporting framework with industry practices. More details on 
this is available in our presentation. 
 
So, coming to our category performance. Hair and Scalp care emerged as one of our strongest 
performing categories, delivering 11% growth during the quarter. Within the portfolio, Navratna 
Cool Oil posted strong double-digit growth, while Kesh King reported mid-single-digit growth. 
7 Oils in One once again delivered robust growth, reinforcing its position as one of the fastest-
growing brands in our portfolio. 
 
Skin Care grew by 3% during the quarter. While the summer season was characterized by 
significant regional divergence, our Talc portfolio delivered high single-digit growth. The Male 
Grooming range and BoroPlus registered low single-digit growth, respectively. 
 
Healthcare grew by 2% during the quarter. The OTC portfolio continued to perform strongly 
and grew in high teens, while Medico range posted single-digit growth. The standout 
performance, however, continued to be our strategic investment portfolio. On a like-to-like basis, 
this portfolio grew by an impressive 61%, which now contributes 18% of our domestic business, 
highlighting the increasing relevance of our new age growth engine. The Man Company and 
Brillare continue to deliver strong momentum, supported by premiumization trends and growing 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
digital adoption. We are equally encouraged by the performance of our recently acquired 
businesses. 
 
Both Axiom Ayurveda and IncNut have started their journey within the Emami ecosystem on a 
strong footing and are delivering encouraging underlying like-to-like growth. Taken together, 
the quarter performance reinforces our belief that Emami today is no longer dependent on a few 
core categories or brands. 
 
We are building a much more diversified portfolio spanning traditional FMCG categories, 
personal and healthcare, premium beauty and grooming, digital-first brands and emerging 
consumer platforms. This diversification not only broadens our growth runway, but also 
enhances the resilience of our business model across varying economic and consumption cycles. 
Our channel transformation journey also continues to gather pace. Organized channels grew by 
19% on a like-to-like basis and today contributes to 32% of our domestic business. 
 
Modern trade and e-com maintained strong momentum with quick commerce now contributes 
35% of our e-com business. International business declined by 12% during the quarter, primarily 
due to disruptions in the West Asia conflict, which constrained our ability to execute orders. 
Despite the near-term headwinds, the underlying strength of our international franchise remains 
intact. We have used this period to strengthen market fundamentals, improve pricing architecture 
and enhance operational agility and remain confident of progressively regaining momentum and 
delivering healthy growth in the coming quarters. 
 
On profitability, the quarter witnessed inflationary pressures led by higher crude oil prices and 
sustained cost increases across packaging material. making it one of the challenging cost 
environment for the sector in recent years. These factors, together with the changing business 
mix following the integration of the acquired businesses, resulting in higher COGS and 
moderation in gross margin compared to last year. 
 
While we undertook measured price increases to mitigate the impact of cost inflation, the sharp 
rise in input costs during the quarter weighed on profitability. Given the current commodity cost 
trajectory, we are implementing further pricing actions and expect to more than offset the 
absolute increase in input cost during the financial year. We continue to focus on productivity 
enhancements, procurement efficiencies and value-led revenue management initiatives to 
strengthen margins and deliver sustained profitable growth. 
 
However, I'm pleased to highlight that despite of these cost pressures, EBITDA grew by 6% to 
INR226 crores and profit before tax grew by 4% to INR195 crores. This reflects the resilience 
of our business model and the effectiveness of the numerous cost management initiatives 
undertaken during the quarter. Profit after tax stood at INR137 crores, lower by 16% due to 
normalization of our effective tax rate. 
 
As part of our ongoing transformation journey, we are executing three strategic initiatives to 
strengthen our growth platform and improve business efficiency. We are enhancing supply chain 
planning, inventory management and distribution visibility, which will help improve forecast 
accuracy, service levels and working capital efficiency. Sales code AI is being deployed to make 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
our sales organization more productive by enabling better planning, sharper execution and real-
time decision support for the field force. 
 
At the same time, our analytical hub is creating a single enterprise-wide platform for data 
analytics and AI, enabling faster access to insights and better decision-making across the 
organizations. These initiatives are progressing very well and are expected to be completed 
during the current financial year. 
 
As we look ahead, we remain very optimistic about the growth prospects for the business. We 
are encouraged by the strong performance of our core brands, rapid scaling of our digital-first 
brands and sustained traction in modern trade, e-com and quick comm channels. 
 
With commodity inflation and geopolitical developments remains areas to watch, we believe our 
diversified portfolio, strengthened distribution capabilities, robust innovation pipeline and 
disciplined cost management initiatives positions us well to deliver sustained and profitable 
growth during the -- through the remainder of FY27. 
 
With that, I would now like to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first 
question comes from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on strategic investments. So 61% growth is strong. If you could tell us in 
the 4 subsegments, which one is driving this growth. Some of these are quite new. For example, 
Axiom became a subsidiary in Q1 only and IncNut again from Q1 only. So some of these are 
quite new. I understand 61% like-to-like is comparing from the base. But still, if you can explain 
this strong growth, how sustainable is it? Where is it coming from? And company, of course, 
last 2, 3 years has been reasonably challenging. So is it a base effect? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Sure. So I think across all four of the subsidiaries that are represented over here, we've grown 
substantially both in terms of volume and value. When it comes to Axiom, while it is a new 
subsidiary, it's a new majority stake that we have, we've been involved since 2023. So we've got 
very -- since last year, we've been working on some of the initiatives that have started to reap 
the rewards. 
 
So overall, yes, it's been very good, 60% -- but even TMC, which was struggling, like you said, 
over the last 2 years, that's grown north of 20%, well north of 20%. So it's actually across all. 
The only one, I think, that is slightly newer is IncNut in the portfolio, but we're getting our hands 
dirty with that brand very, very quickly. 
Abneesh Roy: 
But how sustainable is this 61% -- is there anything one-off, any pipeline buildup due to new 
launches for the balance 3 quarters, what is the expectation on growth? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
I think you will see something similar. So this is quite sustainable. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Last question on this new framework for reporting, category-led reporting. I wanted 
to understand thought process of doing this now because in 1 or 2 segments, frankly, it looks 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
good to do category reporting. But what do I do with skin care, for example, which has go 
Talcum powder, which is very seasonal. You have clubbed that with Smart and handsome and 
BoroPlus, which is very different segment. 
 
So how does this help in terms of data point, if you could tell? I think same issue will be also in 
health care. Pain management, again, is quite seasonal and then you have clubbed that with 
Zandu Healthcare, which is far more, I think, strategic in nature, far more evenly balanced out 
every quarter. So, if you could tell us how does this help? I understand category reporting, a lot 
of other companies are doing, but how does this help? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Someday we had to start this because with so many brands coming in, it was not possible for us 
to give brand-wise information, okay? Clubbings can be different for each company, but Balm 
being a Zandu brand and Balm being a health care, the brand name is also Zandu. So we wanted 
to club it with the health care only, which is primarily health care, and it is not so seasonal. 
 
So sometimes people really get confused with seasonal, nonseasonal. And with now almost 10, 
12 brands, we have to club. We can't give each brand reporting. And there are more brands in 
the pipeline we are looking for. So how do we keep on reporting brand-wise information. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question is on margins. So the impact that you have seen this quarter, how much of it 
is to do with the input cost? And how much of it you would say is structural because your 
portfolio is changing towards these new categories? And the impact, which is from commodities 
given your pricing power, do you expect to offset it completely over a period of a couple of 
quarters? Or do you think the pressure is so much that there is going to be an impact for the 
remaining 3 quarters of the year? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes. So Arnab, our input cost, if you would see, has gone up by 360 basis points, okay? And out 
of which almost 200 basis points is due to the conflict, West Asia conflict and the balance 160 
is because of the mix. So now that the pressure is also easing a bit, we are very confident on that 
front that we will be able to offset with increased prices. 
 
As far as the mix is concerned, see, that would be difficult because the start-ups have lower 
margins. But we are trying our best to also see that how can we increase some pricing to offset 
that increase also. I'm not worried for the whole year, Arnab, very honestly. I think the next few 
quarters should be relatively better than this. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it. Mohan, my second question is on Talcum powder, where I think last year, full year FY26, 
there was a large decline over the base year. Now in this category now that, let's say, this year is 
a normal year with a good summer, should we not expect the revenue to go back to the FY25 
level in talcum powder? Or do you think fundamentally, the revenue there is not going to -- the 
growth or the recovery is not going to be a full recovery in terms of at least getting back to the 
older levels of revenue? Because that is what seems to have driven the slowdown in the skin 
care business this time. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Mohan Goenka: 
Absolutely, Arnab, you're absolutely right. So, we would be able to recover and go back to the 
'25 numbers. Last year was a low number, but this year, we are going to make up. You will see 
a substantially high numbers in this quarter for Talcum. For the whole year, you will see a 
significantly high numbers. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it. And my last question was on international business where there has still been a decline. 
Now in most other companies, what we have seen is most companies have now figured out a 
way to operate those companies who had a Middle East base. So have you also been able to 
figure out other logistics so that you can -- your international business can recover? Or do you 
still think till the Hormuz is closed, there is going to be a decline still in the foreseeable future? 
Vivek Dhir: 
So our portfolio is slightly different from rest of the companies, which are essentially into only 
personal care. We are into OTC space pain management as well in Middle East. So the pain 
management is all produced out of India only. So personal care is produced in UAE as well as 
Germany and a part of that is being produced in Thailand. Over there, we are not having much 
of the issue. 
 
So that is being fully resurrected. But the OTC pain management space, we are still struggling 
because certain pain management space, other things have still not been able to move out of 
India till date, and we are hefty orders with us not able to move. We are trying to find solutions 
to get some approvals from the ministries. 
 
And hopefully, in a few days, we should be able to get something moved from India in that 
regard. When that is sorted, then we should be fully sorted in terms of supply reinstatement to 
the markets. So that is where we are struggling today. But rest of the, I think personal care side, 
we are fairly, I think, balanced now. 
Mohan Goenka: 
And on the international front, I think the decline, this is now done. Most likely, you will see a 
significant growth coming in from the third and the fourth quarter because we have got -- we 
have realigned our -- a lot of international business strategies have been realigned in the last 1, 
2 quarters when all these disruptions were happening. So I think you will see much better 
numbers in third and fourth quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Just first question is on strategic investments portfolio. So just wanted to get a sense of whether 
there is any seasonality in this part of the portfolio across the four brands that we have. Just 
wanted to understand whether this INR160-odd crores can be broadly annualized to look at a 
yearly number. So that's my first question. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
So I think Axiom has some level of seasonality because it's juices and summer is the better 
season for us. But in terms of annualizing the figure, I think because I think only 1 month value 
will be reported in these numbers, generally, if you annualize it, you should be fairly accurate in 
terms of what we are aiming for. 
Mohan Goenka: 
There's not much seasonality, Harit, other than just the Axiom juice business, which out of the 
total portfolio should not be more than 7%, 8% pure seasonality. If I'm not wrong, Dhruv? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
No, absolutely. I think the next 2 quarters actually are high season for TMC and Brillare because 
that's festive and that's where we do a lot of our sales given these are D2C brands.  
Harit Kapoor: 
And the second bit was, given that there's been consolidation as well as acquisition in the last 
few months, do we expect that -- so will '27 be a year of where we kind of consolidate these 4 
acquisitions, see them grow or build them out and then maybe look for incremental 
opportunities? Or that's something ongoing and one can even see more such initiatives even in 
the near to medium term? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
I think we are doing this in parallel. We think we've built a repeatable model at the centre where 
we are able to help each of these companies grow, right? And I think across all of our brands, 
there is not one that hasn't grown, right? So we're quite happy with the repeatable model. Of 
course, new capabilities constantly need to be added. And so if we can get two or three more 
engines inside the two or three more acquisitions, then why not? So we are looking very 
aggressively in parallel to see who else we can roll up here. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And last bit again is on the strategic investments. You did mention the gross margin 
impact because of mix. But just wanted to get a range of these four brands now at an aggregate 
level, what are the kind of EBITDA margin levels for this business at an overall level? Are you 
at breakeven levels? Are you below breakeven? Is it low single, mid-single? Just some color on 
-- because I think some of them are at the lower end, some of them are actually quite profitable. 
So at an aggregate level, how does that look like? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Yes, it's a mix because each of these brands are at different stages of growth. And of course, I'd 
like to think that all of them are ready for strong growth. At an aggregate level, I think they're 
about EBITDA neutral breakeven. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead Investment. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
I wanted to understand what is the high other income figure in stand-alone numbers? So it is 
INR53 crores? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Vaibhav, it includes a dividend from one of our international subsidiaries amounting to roughly 
INR32 crores, so which gets knocked off in consolidation. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Understood. Understood. And my next question is, so sir, we had revamped our Kesh King 
portfolio and it was seeing good growth in H2 of last year, but the growth has slowed down in 
this quarter. So could you share what has been happening? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Growth has been mid- high single-digit growth Vaibhav. So it will be like some quarters because 
maybe of some base effect and all, but we are expecting a double-digit growth at the end of the 
year for Kesh King portfolio. There's nothing to worry. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, how was the growth in Brillare really interesting brand? So wanted to see 
if you could call out the growth rates in that? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
I think individual growth rates, we are not calling out, but Brillare had a fabulous year. I think 
the Rosemary oil shorts are really paying dividends for us and consumers are very happy with 
that product. So that's where I think we had well above the average growth. 
Mohan Goenka: 
For the whole year, for all the start-ups, like for this quarter, we did INR160 crores. By the end 
of the year, I think we will be ending up anywhere between INR750 crores to INR800 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Yes. So just wanted to understand on the D2C business, how are you running them right now? 
Are they running as four separate companies altogether and that will continue in the future? Or 
you are planning to sort of have some kind of synergies or some kind of bundling of some of the 
functions? So -- and also how will the organization structure of this sort of strategic investments 
division look like, let's say, a year from now? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Yes. Right now, they are being run independently with their own CEO I think we have  about 8 
members. That is the link between the startups and the family is very closely involved in making 
sure that these start-ups are growing. We provide all the support that we need, whether it is 
content or international business or strategy or relationships with e-commerce or GT or MT 
channel.  
 
And so wherever we are able to help independently, we do that. Plus within these companies, 
there's a lot of knowledge sharing and experience sharing. So that has also really helped in 
accelerating the pace of growth. I think from now we expect to maintain a similar sort of 
structure. We might bolster the central team and see what capabilities we can offer because now 
more of a plug and play into our repeatable model, as I mentioned earlier. So -- but I think we 
like -- for the near term, at least next 1 year, we'll keep it in this way. 
Percy Panthaki: 
And what is the margin structure for the business? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Percy, so by and large, as far as we are concerned, Dhruv has almost a free hand to run the 
business. He runs this business out of Gurgaon and the entire team is based out of Gurgaon. So 
because this needs a different strategy and people. So we have very aggressive plans, as we said, 
going forward for strategic investments. and we are looking for more such acquisitions. 
 
So I think the team is by and large, built under group this thing. And as he said, all of these 
companies have very senior talent who are the CEOs for each individual businesses. So -- and 
the business, once we end this year by INR700 crores, INR800 crores, growing at almost 20%, 
30% year-on-year. So it needs a different strategy and pace. And management is completely 
committed to invest behind these fast-growing segments. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Also -- as and when we need people, he is free to appoint them. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Dhruv, can you help us understand what is -- I mean, not asking separately for the 4 different 
companies, but for strategic investments as a whole, what is the kind of margin structure that 
you have? What is like at a gross margin as well as EBITDA margin level? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
From a gross margin perspective, companies like TMC are north of 60%, companies like Brillare 
and IncNut are north of 70%. From an EBITDA perspective, I think I'll only be able to comment 
on the aggregate where we are close to or at EBITDA neutral. But going forward, I will take 
some calls regarding where I see a good opportunity to grow and where I see a good opportunity 
to make profit. 
 
I think net-net, there is a long-term target, 2, 3-year target where we will get to a good healthy 
amount of profitability. But if there is momentum right now, then we don't want to give up on 
that because any growth in our top line at start-ups that are between INR100 crores to INR300 
crores will only offset our fixed cost and help us in the long term. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Here -- sorry, I'm coming in here. See, none of our four start-ups have gross margin below 55%. 
Axiom may be slightly lower, but others are much above yes, more than 50% Am I correct? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Yes, absolutely. I mean when it comes to D2C, we are looking at -- I mean, the criteria for 
investing itself is high gross margin. And we are looking at low performance marketing spend, 
more brand marketing spend. We reoriented our entire brand investments towards content, 
media, less offers and so on. So I think it's all building for the long term. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So how long do you think it would take for the overall vertical strategic investments overall to 
sort of go to, let's say, a low teens kind of EBITDA margin? Would it be like a 2- to 3-year 
perspective? Or would it be like more like a 5-year kind of horizon? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
So this is growing so quickly that there is -- it's hard for me to pinpoint. But I think you would 
expect high single digit probably at the 3-year point, and then we'll take it from there. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And lastly, could you give me the channel split in terms of -- I'm assuming that 
there is no brick-and-mortar or if at all, let me know about that as well. But within the online 
portion, what is the split between your own website or app or whatever and versus third-party 
websites or apps? 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
In aggregate, it would be very different because for a company like IncNut, which does 
personalized hair care, there I'm largely on my website. For a company like Brillare or TMC, 
I'm going to the channel where my consumers are going. So that's quick commerce, e-commerce, 
while we use our website for first-party data and there's a lot of creative things that we can do 
with that Axiom actually has a phenomenal offline network. 
 
So most of our sales there are offline across states from north to south. We sell in Jammu, we 
sell in Tamil Nadu, we sell everywhere through an offline network. So there, actually, the job is 
to build more online presence, more quick commerce presence. 
Percy Panthaki: 
So at an overall level for the entire vertical, roughly, what would be a split between own assets, 
third-party digital assets and offline? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
At an overall level, I would think you can put maybe 20% offline. I think 20% own assets and 
then the remaining will be -- sorry, probably 25% to 30% own assets and the remaining will be 
e-com, Quick com and other platforms. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Yes. So please explain to me this -- a little bit more about the margin trajectory given that the 
new brands as in the start-ups, the investments that we're in is lower margin. So -- and that's -- 
as of now, that's where the main growth is coming from. So that's low margin growth. Just 
explain to me ex of these low-margin businesses which are growing. 
 
What about the businesses which command margin? What's the outlook over there? Because if 
we want to grow our operating profits along with our revenues, those businesses would have to 
bounce back and grow, right, if they are higher margins. So could you just explain that whole 
part? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Kaustav, as I said, for the year, I don't see that as a big worry. Right now, because of this 
West Asia, there was some pressure on our gross margins, okay? But I see that bouncing back 
very quickly. We have also taken aggressive price increases wherever needed. So I don't see 
margin pressure going forward. Also, there is a clear target for start-ups for path to profitability. 
So there also, most of our start-ups have reduced losses in this quarter compared to last year. So 
don't worry about this low-margin businesses growing faster because that's the consumer ask 
also. 
 
We can't just rely on certain markets where margins are very high and the growth is coming 
from different -- so there has to be a good balance, okay? But despite of all this, we are 
committed that our margins don't come down. That's a task that we have, and I'm confident that 
we will be able to maintain our margins. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
No, when you say margins won't come down, do you mean from the last 2 quarters base of 
around 20% to 22% if you don't include other income? Or do you mean -- because the last 2 
quarters, margin has been relatively lower than previous quarters. So do you -- so what type of 
operating margin range before other income should we expect? 
Mohan Goenka: 
As I said, Kaustav, it is short term because of the West Asia conflict, okay? Once it gets settled, 
we will have to wait and see. We are confident that we will be able to gain in coming quarters, 
with our aggressive price increases in some of our core businesses. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Vaibhav Gupta from Bowhead Management. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Sir, I wanted to understand that tax rate seemed a bit high this quarter, like it was 28%, 29%. So 
is this our normal tax rate going forward or it could come down a bit? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
It should be around 25%, 26% Vaibhav this year because still last year, we were enjoying some 
fiscal benefits. And from this year, we are back to normal taxation of 25%. 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, given Kesh King would have a very low base last year. So despite that 
growing at mid-single digit, it seems a bit low. Are we taking any further initiatives or entering 
any new geographies to address this thing? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Kesh King is back on traction. Whatever initiatives had to be taken have taken, we have arrested 
our degrowth, and it is now growing. There are a couple of new launches coming in under Kesh 
King, mostly in the D2C space. There is a lot of plan on most of our existing range also. 
Vaibhav Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, what about Zandu OTC? And also wanted to understand in the Zandu 
Healthcare, Zandu Medico, what is the key difference? And what are the initiatives we have 
taken for this health care and medical piece? 
Gul Raj Bhatia: 
Sure, sir. So essentially for the OTC business, we have been focusing on our power brand, and 
we launched new positioning campaigns for Pancharishta and for our Nityam portfolios. And 
we've seen strong double-digit growth in quarter 1 -- we've also launched some new products, 
which are focused on our -- using our sales team strength and sales and distribution. 
 
So, we are fairly hopeful that at the rest of the year also, we'll be able to continue double-digit 
growth for the OTC business. We are also preparing plans for the winter season for some of our 
relevant brands there. We are also looking at consolidating our rural business there in terms of 
our substurice towns. We had done an expansion last year. 
 
So we want to now harvest and see that they give a better throughput month-on-month and 
quarter-on-quarter. On the Medico business, we've had some new launches, which have been 
fairly innovative, which are seeing a good response. We are also focusing on the top category A 
doctors to enhance our throughput with them. And we are also looking at getting into smaller 
towns in a gradual manner, which currently are being underserviced for the Medico business. 
Moderator: 
The next question comes from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Kunal Vora: 
There is about INR500 crores investment in Axiom. How is it being funded? And should we 
assume lower interest income and higher interest expense going forward? Or that's largely 
already factored in the current run rate? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, Kunal, so it is funded internally. So whatever surplus we had, we have required that only 
for these acquisitions. And obviously, in this quarter, some of that has been factored and some 
bit of payments would be made going ahead. So there will be slightly lower other income 
obviously compared to last year. 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay. Slightly lower other income compared… 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Kunal Vora: 
The second is, if I look at core business, excluding the strategic investments, the growth seems 
to be about 3%. This is despite the GST rate cut and the strength which we are seeing in mass 
consumption everywhere. So how are you seeing the growth for the portfolio, excluding the 
recently acquired subsidiaries? 

 
Emami Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Kunal, excluding the investments, the growth rate is... So excluding the domestic, if you look at 
our domestic business, that has grown by almost 6%. So it is only because of international, it 
has come down because of its own challenges in Middle East. So we have seen good growth, as 
Mohanji said in his opening remarks in hair care business, 11%, 3% in skin care. So overall, 
around 6% growth is there in the core business. 
Kunal Vora: 
And how do we see it for the remainder of this year? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
So we expect some better numbers only going ahead on the core business. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Thank you. Thank you, all the participants, for joining us today. And thank you, IIFL. Thank 
you, Percy, for arranging this. Have a nice day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL and Emami, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, errors and grammar and therefore, it may not be a 
verbatim representation of the call 
 
