 
 
 
Ref. No.: LIC/SE/2026-27/85   
         
 
 
                    Date: August 12, 2026 
 
To 
The Manager 
 
Listing Department, 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
The Manager 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5
th Floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Code: 543526 
 
Scrip Code: LICI 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call with the Analyst/Investors 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call of Life Insurance Corporation of 
India (“the Corporation”) with Analyst/Investors held on August 06, 2026. 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Corporation and can be accessed from the link: 
https://licindia.in/f.y.-2026-275 
Please take the above information on record and arrange for its dissemination.  A copy of this intimation is also 
being made available on the website of the Corporation at www.licindia.in .  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Life Insurance Corporation of India 
 
 
 
 
(Anshul Kumar Singh) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl.: a/a 
 
ANSHUL 
KUMAR 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ANSHUL KUMAR 
SINGH 
Date: 2026.08.12 
17:58:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Life Insurance Corporation of India 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. R. DORAISWAMY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION 
OF INDIA 
 
MR. DINESH PANT – MANAGING DIRECTORS – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. RATNAKAR PATNAIK – MANAGING DIRECTORS – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. R. CHANDER – MANAGING DIRECTORS – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. A. K. SRIVASTAVA – APPOINTED ACTUARY AND 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR ACTUARIAL – LIFE INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. SHATMANYU SHRIVASTAVA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. ARINDAM DAS GUPTA – CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 
AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, INVESTMENT - FRONT OFFICE 
– LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. S. K. SRIVASTAVA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
INVESTMENT - BACK OFFICE – LIFE INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. UTHUP JOSEPH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MARKETING 
AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT – LIFE INSURANCE 
CORPORATION OF INDIA 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
MR. HEMANT BUCH – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
BANCASSURANCE AND ALTERNATE CHANNELS – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MR. SESHA GIRIDHAR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, PENSION 
AND GROUP SCHEMES – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA 
 
MS. VANDANA SINHA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CRM 
CLAIMS – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
MS. SHOBHA SULOCHANA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CRM 
POLICY SERVICING – LIFE INSURANCE CORPORATION OF 
INDIA 
 
MR. SANJAY BAJAJ – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – LIFE 
INSURANCE CORPORATION OF INDIA 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to the LIC's Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
We have the senior management of LIC led by Mr. R. Doraiswamy, CEO and MD on this call. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R. Doraiswamy. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. I'm R. Doraiswamy, Chief Executive Officer and 
Managing Director, LIC of India. I would like to welcome all of you to the results and 
performance update call for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. The results declared today have 
been uploaded along with the press release and investor presentation on our website as well as 
the websites of both the exchanges, BSE and NSE. 
 
Along with me on this call are three Managing Directors, Mr. Dinesh Pant, Mr. Ratnakar Patnaik 
and Mr. R. Chander. Senior officials of the corporation present on this call are Mr. A.K. 
Srivastava, Appointed Actuary and Executive Director Actuarial from the actuarial team; Mr. 
Shatmanyu Shrivastava, Chief Financial Officer from the finance team. 
 
Mr. Arindam Das Gupta, Chief Investment Officer and Executive Director, Investment Front 
Office; Mr. S.K. Srivastava, Executive Director, Investment Back Office from the investment 
team. From the marketing team, we have Mr. Uthup Joseph, Executive Director, Marketing and 
Product Development; Mr. Hemant Buch, Executive Director, Marketing in charge of 
Bancassurance and Alternate Channels; and Mr. Sesha Giridhar, Executive Director, Pension 
and Group Schemes. 
 
Also, we have Ms. Vandana Sinha, Executive Director, CRM Claims; Ms. Shobha Sulochana, 
Executive Director, CRM Policy Servicing; and Mr. Sanjay Bajaj, Head, Investor Relations on 
this call. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Let me now present the key business, operational and financial highlights for the quarter ended 
30th June 2026. Market share. Our market share by first year premium income for three months 
ending 30th June '26 is 60.10% as per IRDAI as compared to 63.51% for the similar period 
ended 30th June 2025. We continue to maintain our leadership in the Indian life insurance market 
across both individual and group business segments. 
 
Now if we bifurcate this overall market share of 60.10% into segment-wise share of individual 
and group business, we would have a market share of 38.89% in individual business and 70.90% 
in the group business for the current quarter ending 30th June '26. 
 
On a comparable basis for the three months ending June 30, 2025, the respective market share 
for individual and group business were 38.76% and 76.54%, respectively.  
For the quarter ended 30th June 2026, we have recorded a total premium income of 127,250 
crore rupees as compared to total premium income of 119,200 crore rupees for the quarter ended 
30th June 2025, registering a growth of 6.75% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
The individual new business premium income for quarter ended 30 June '26 was 14,351 crore 
rupees as compared to 12,536 crore rupees for the corresponding period last year, thereby 
registering a growth of 14.48% on a year-on-year basis. Further, the renewal premium income 
(Individual Business) for the quarter ended 30 June '26 was 61,065 crore rupees as compared to 
58,938 crore rupees for the previous year first quarter, thereby registering a growth of 3.61% on 
a year-on-year basis. 
 
Therefore, for the quarter ended 30th June '26, our total premium income -- total individual 
premium income, including renewals, was 75,416 crore rupees as compared to 71,474 crore 
rupees for the quarter ended 30th June '25, registering a growth of 5.52% on a year-on-year 
basis. The group business total premium income for the quarter ended 30th June '26 was 51,834 
crore rupees, comprising a new business premium of 51,229 crore rupees. 
 
In comparison, for the quarter ended 30th June '25, the group business total premium income 
was 47,726 crore rupees and comprised new business premium of 46,907 crore rupees Therefore, 
for this quarter ended 30th June '26, the total group premium has increased by 8.61% as 
compared to the similar period of previous year. 
 
Total annualized premium equivalent for the quarter ended 30th June '26 is 13,692 crore rupees, 
which comprised individual APE of 7,532 crore rupees and group APE of 6,160 crore rupees. 
Therefore, on an APE basis, the individual business accounts for 55.01% and group business 
accounts for 44.99%. 
 
Further, of the individual APE, the par business accounts for 5,085 crore rupees and non-par 
amounts to 2,447 crore rupees. Therefore, our non-par share of individual APE is 32.49% and 
par is 67.51% for the quarter ended 30th June '26. As you may recall, for the quarter ended 30th 
June 2025, our non-par share of total individual business based on APE stood at 30.34%. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
The profit after tax for the quarter ended 30th June '26 was 13,492 crore rupees as compared to 
10,986 crore rupees for the quarter ended 30th June '25, registering a growth of 22.81% on a 
year-on-year basis.  
The net VNB margin has improved by 750 basis points on a year-on-year basis from 15.4% for 
the quarter ended 30 June '25 to 22.9% for the first quarter of the current year. 
 
Further, the net VNB has registered a growth of 61.32% on a year-on-year basis from 1,944 
crore rupees for the quarter ended 30th June '25 to 3,136 crore rupees for the quarter ended 30th 
June '26. The solvency ratio as on 30th June '26 improved to 2.42 as against 2.17 on 30th June 
2025. 
 
Our assets under management has registered a growth of 4.1% on a year-on-year basis from 
57,05,341.44 crore rupees as on 30th June '25 to 59,39,384.39 crore rupees as on 30th June 2026.  
As on June 30, '26, we had a comprehensive suite of 59 products, excluding Pradhan Mantri 
Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana, available for new business, including 37 exclusive individual 
products, 13 exclusive group products and 1 common product for group and individual business, 
7 individual riders and 1 group rider. 
 
Since April 2026, two new products have been launched, namely LIC's New Jeevan Sathi single 
premium and LIC's New Jeevan Sathi limited premium and one product has been withdrawn, 
namely LIC's Nav Jeevan Shree single premium, which was a close-ended plan. 
 
During the quarter ended 30th June 2026, we sold 31,02,281 new policies as compared to 
30,39,709 new policies in the first quarter of the last year, registering an increase of 2.06% on a 
year-on-year basis.  
As on June 30, 2026, the total number of agents was 14,45,692 as compared to 14,86,222 as on 
June 30, 2025, registering a decrease of 2.73% year-on-year basis. 
 
The market share by the number of agents as on June 30, 2026, stands at 43.69% as against 
47.11% for 30 June 2025. On a number of policies sold basis, the agency force sold 30,55,909 
policies during the quarter ended 30th June '26 as compared to 29,99,433 policies during the 
corresponding period last year. 
 
Further, 98.51% of our policies in the quarter ended 30th June 2026 were sold by our agency 
force. When seen on a premium basis, 93.07% of new business premium came from our agency 
channel in the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Bancassurance and alternate channels, including micro insurance, collected new business 
premium income of 907.14 crore rupees for the quarter ended 30th June 2026 as compared to 
861.92 crore rupees for the quarter ended June 30, 2025, registering a growth of 5.25% on a 
year-on-year basis. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
The new business premium income collected through banks was 483.39 crore rupees for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026. And for the corresponding period last year, it was 528.97 crore 
rupees, thereby registering a decrease of 8.62% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
Further, the alternate channels collected new business premium of 423.75 crore rupees for the 
quarter ended 30th June 2026 as compared to 332.94 crore rupees for the quarter ended 30th 
June 2025, registering a significant growth of 27.27% on a year-on-year basis. Our 
bancassurance and alternate channels account for 6.34% of the individual new business premium 
for the quarter ended 30th June 2026 as compared to 6.89% for the same period last year. 
 
For the quarter ended 30th June 2026, the overall expense ratio was 10.63% as compared to 
10.47% for the same period last year. Therefore, an increase of 16 basis points in our overall 
expense ratio on a year-on-year basis.  
On premium basis, the persistency for 13th, 25th, 37th, 49th and 61st month up to the quarter 
ended 30th June 2026 stands at 75.33%, 69.84%, 67.50%, 64.04% and 61.12%, respectively, as 
compared to 75.63%, 71.53%, 67.17%, 63.45% and 63.85%, respectively, up to the quarter 
ended June 30, 2025. 
 
On a number of policies basis, the persistency for 13th, 25th, 37th, 49th and 61st month up to 
the quarter ended 30 June '26 stands at 66.45%, 58.07%, 56.14%, 51.27% and 48.74%, 
respectively, as compared to 64.35%, 60.15%, 54.23%, 50.79% and 51.12%, respectively, after 
the quarter ended 30th June 2025. 
 
In our digital initiative through the agent assisted Ananda application, we have completed 
436,925 policies during the quarter ended 30th June 2026 as compared to 347,958 policies for 
the period ended 30th June 2025, thereby registering a growth of 25.56% on a year-on-year 
basis. 
 
There is a growth of 16.29% in the number of active agents in the application for three months 
ended 30th June '26 on a year-on-year basis.  
The launch of MyLIC and Super Sales Saathi mobile applications in April 2026 marked a 
significant milestone in LIC's digital transformation journey. Introduced under LIC's digital 
innovation and value enhancement initiative, DIVE, these applications are designed to enhance 
customer experience, improve operational efficiency and strengthen digital accessibility. 
 
The MyLIC app provides one-stop shop for all insurance and servicing needs of the customers 
and provides a comprehensive digital servicing experience. The Super Sales Saathi app 
empowers LIC's agents and intermediaries with a comprehensive digital workspace by offering 
real-time access to customer information, commission details, business performance, renewal 
tracking and intelligent sales insights. 
 
Together, these applications reduce paperwork, streamline service delivery, promote 
transparency and enable faster technology-driven interactions between LIC, its customers and 
its sales force. This initiative reflects LIC's commitment to becoming a modern customer-centric 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
and digitally enabled insurance organization while supporting India's broader vision of digital 
financial inclusion. 
 
On the individual claims front, during the quarter ended 30th June '26, we have processed 
37,27,812 number of claims, which includes 35,35,876 claims due to maturity and survival 
benefits. On an amount basis, during the first quarter ended 30th June '26, the total maturity 
claims were 57,099 crore rupees and the total death claims were 5,934 crore rupees. 
 
On a comparable basis for quarter ended 30th June '25, the maturity claims were 50,584 crore 
rupees and death claims were 5,877 crore rupees. Therefore, the maturity claims are higher by 
12.88% and the death claims are higher by 0.97% on a year-on-year basis. On a number of claims 
basis, the maturity claims have decreased by 10.94% and the death claims have decreased by 
3.09% on a year-on-year basis. 
 
As of June 30, 2026, a total of 2.87 lakh women have been designated as Bima Sakhis, 
successfully selling 4.52 lakh insurance policies and generating a new business premium income 
of 656.91 crore rupees. Our objective is to appoint at least one Bima Sakhi in every gram 
panchayat, and we would like to inform that out of 244,876 gram panchayat in India, we have 
covered 62% gram panchayat by recruiting Bima Sakhis in 151,620 gram panchayat up to 30th 
June 2026. 
 
Before concluding, I would like to highlight significant achievements during the first quarter of 
2026-'27. New business premium income of individual business has grown by 14.48% year-on-
year basis to 14,351 crore rupees for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. The profit after tax has 
grown by 22.81% to 13,492 crore rupees on a year-on-year basis. 
 
VNB has increased by 61.32% on a year-on-year basis for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. 
VNB margin has increased by 750 basis points to 22.9% for the quarter ended 30th June 2026.  
AUM has increased to 59,39,384.39 crores rupees, registering a growth of 4.10% on a year-on-
year basis. 
 
The total APE has grown by 8.22% to 13,692 crore rupees on a year-on-year basis. Our non-par 
share of individual APE has grown to 32.49% for the quarter ended 30th June '26 as compared 
to 30.34% in the same period for the previous year. The bancassurance and alternate channels 
registered a growth of 5.25% on a year-on-year basis to 907.14 crore rupees. Our solvency has 
increased from 2.17% last year at the end of first quarter to 2.42% for the quarter ended 30th 
June '26. 
 
Before I close, I would like to mention that recently, the Government of India has sold 6.5% 
stake in LIC via an offer-for-sale, which has been well received by the market. With this 6.5% 
OFS, our public float rises to 10%, and we are now compliant with the currently applicable 
minimum public shareholding norms. 
 
I want to welcome the new shareholders through the OFS into LIC's shareholder family and also 
thank the existing shareholders who have participated in the OFS for their continued faith in 
LIC. This year, on the 1st of September 2026, LIC shall complete 70 years of existence, and we 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
hope to bring many occasions of joy to our customers through innovative product launches and 
other initiatives. We sincerely thank all our stakeholders for their continued confidence in our 
strategy and its execution. 
 
I now hand over the call to the moderator to begin the question-and-answer session. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator: 
Sure. Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from Swarnabha Mukherjee from 360 ONE Capital. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So sir, three questions from my side. First of all, if 
you could highlight what are the assumption changes in the VNB walk that you have provided? 
What are those assumption changes? And also the cost impact, is this GST exclusion led or 
anything else to read into that? That is one question. 
 
Second is our ULIP reduced basically year-on-year basis, our ULIP premium. Is this a deliberate 
decision? Or was it a function of the markets and we should see some recovery back in ULIP in 
2Q? Or if you could highlight the trends of ULIP sales in 2Q so far, that would be helpful. 
 
Thirdly, sir, also wanted to understand that what is the reason for the difference between the 
RWRP data in the IRDAI monthly release and the individual APE that we have disclosed. If you 
could give some colour on that so that we can understand and estimate better from the coming 
quarters. And so these are my three primary questions. 
 
One another small thing I wanted to -- I just noticed that our number of agents at the urban 
geographies, the absolute number has come off slightly. So is this a conscious choice of basically 
focusing primarily on the rural side? Yes, these will be my questions, sir. 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Thank you, Swarnabha. I'll come to the assumption changes. I'll ask Appointed Actuary to 
explain it further after I reply to others. Yes, there has been an impact of the GST exemption on 
the individual lines of life insurance business. While the GST has gone on the individual lines 
and the premium, the nonavailability of input tax credit has had an impact on the overall expense 
ratio. 
 
And this comparison with the corresponding first quarter of last year when we had the ITC 
available is something which has resulted in a 16 basis points increase in the overall expense 
ratio. That's one of the reasons, as you mentioned. 
 
ULIP premium reduction is naturally a function of the market scenario when confidence in the 
market gets affected due to the high volatility in the market functioning. And naturally, that's 
also one. I'll put it the other way that we have been focusing on the margin-accretive business 
lines, and we have shown a good growth, as you would have seen, in both non-par savings as 
well as non-par protection. Yes, ULIP, we do expect to come back when the market situation 
normalizes. 
 
And then the difference in RWRP and APE, yes, they have two different components. APE does 
not take into account the actual first year premium received subsequent to the new business 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
completion, whereas it takes into account the new business premium received where the 
premium is multiplied by the frequency to arrive at the annual premium equivalent. 
 
So APE and WRP cannot be equal. We have a substantial growth in the first year renewal 
premium. The premium that comes out of the policies sold in the previous year is a component. 
So there will be that difference has to be accounted for. 
 
On the agent front, yes, the number of agents reduction has been because of a good number of 
candidates who have taken up Bima Sakhi without fully understanding the requirement. So some 
of them who had taken up just thinking that it's going to be a stipendiary position without having 
a need to perform after having realized that they had to perform had quit. So we have a focus on 
weeding out non-serious candidates from the agency force, and that is something which will 
continue to happen. 
 
On the rural front, yes, we are able to register a good growth. There, we have -- on the urban 
front, we are trying to get back to the number of agents and retain the numbers as efficiently as 
possible. Appointed Actuary can talk about the assumption changes. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: Good afternoon. I'm Ajay Kumar Srivastava, Appointed Actuary and Executive Director 
Actuarial. So VNB margin as at 30th June 2026 was 15.4%, which as at 30th June 2026 is 22.9%. 
The significant impact is of business mix where we have shown a significant growth in 
individual non-par savings, particularly to the extent of 59.24%. 
 
And the protection business, the growth is around 43.59%. So this, along with if you recall in 
our earlier meetings that we had in the year 2024 come out with products with a higher ticket 
size. So those also have impacted the business mix and the business growth, which I have just 
told you. These two have contributed to 6.5% positively to the VNB growth. 
 
As regards assumptions, we have shown 2.9% positive growth on this, which is the combined 
impact of RFR during the year and the experience on persistency on both individual and group 
has been aligned with the current experience. And also across the durations where we see that 
the variations and persistency differ. So those have been aligned. 
 
And apart from that, there are other deductions such as CRNHR and TVOG, etc. So all these put 
together, they have contributed to 2.9% positively. If you look at the expense assumptions, 
expense assumptions, along with the impact of input tax credit, that has contributed to a negative 
of minus 1.9%. So if you add to all those things, that works out to be 22.9% as end of 30th June 
2026. I hope I have answered it. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Thank you sir for the detailed response. Detailed. If I may ask a couple of follow-ups. One was 
that, sir, this coming quarter, if ULIP has come back, should we expect that non-par run rate 
would continue in a similar step up like we have seen in 1Q or is there a possibility that ULIP 
can cannibalize some of the volume like which was absent this quarter? 
 
And second is, sir, in this operating assumption changes and the GST impact, how much will 
continue over subsequent quarters and how much will be normalized? If you could give some 
sense, that would be helpful. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
R. Doraiswamy: 
See, the ULIP coming back in Q2 is something which will depend on the market improvement 
also. That may not come cannibalize because see, we are focusing, see the growth in total APE 
itself was slightly muted because of ULIPs not having been showing the growth that we were 
showing in the previous quarter. So I don't think any cannibalization is going to happen. We 
would like to see that the non-par growth continues the way it has been growing from Q1 to Q4 
over the previous years that will continue in the current year as well. Regarding assumptions? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: So the impact of expense, as I said, there are two things of it. One, the input tax credit loss, 
which is also taken as a part of the expense and the impact is inclusive of that. The second 
important thing is the increase in volume of business because of the removal of GST on premium 
itself. So we have seen the traction now taking for increase in the volumes. and the combined 
effect of the expense rationalization and this -- the GST input loss rate that has impacted minus 
2% with regard to assumptions. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Right, sir. So would we think that this minus 2% will continue for, say, next one, two quarters? 
Or would it come off or normalize? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Once the assumption change has been incorporated, I don't think it should have much of an 
impact in the subsequent quarters. Of course, when you compare quarter-to-quarter also, last 
year, quarter 3, this impact has already started having its -- the change has already started having 
its impact. So if at all, it's a comparison between current year and last year. Q1 and Q2 will be 
compared with no GST ITC for the current year vis-a-vis ITC available last year. That will be 
for Q1 and Q2. Q1 is already over. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Supratim, who's an Individual Investor. 
Supratim: 
So my first question is again on the VNB walk that you have given. Just wanted to understand 
that the mix improvement and the impact from mix improvement that we are seeing is the 
individual or the products at the individual level also seeing an increase in margin because of 
the yield movement? Is there a positive impact from the product level margins because of that? 
That's one. 
 
Secondly, on the 290 basis point assumption in positive impact that you called out, and you said 
that RFR and persistency has contributed to that. Just wanted to understand what proportion 
would be RFR and persistency and is persistency a positive impact? Just if you would clarify 
that. So that's the second bit. 
 
Then moving to the unwind part, I just wanted to understand what is the equity return and the 
debt return that you are building in unwind this year -- for this year? And what proportion of the 
unwind typically relates to equity and debt, if you could clarify that as well, that would be 
helpful. 
 
Lastly, on the IDBI stake, just wanted to understand where does this IDBI stake really sit? Does 
it sit in the policyholders' accounts or the shareholders account? Those are my four questions. 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Yes. I'll start on the IDBI stake. It has already been clarified quite a number of times that LIC 
had a unified fund before the IPO and IDBI investment was before that, and hence, it continues 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
to be in policyholder funds for awaiting the stake sale. So that is as of things as it stands today. 
VNB walk, I think again, I request Appointed Actuary to take it further. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: Yes. So with regards to the margins, as you said, in par business and otherwise non-par business. 
So both have contributed positively. The contribution is more positive with regard to individual 
non-par business, particularly individual non-par savings and the term assurance. With regard to 
par also, it is positive, but lower than that. The group line of business also has contributed 
positively to the VNB margin. That's with regard to the lines of business. 
 
On assumptions, RFR, the impact, if I can separately give it to you, is a positive contribution to 
the extent of 5% plus in case of withdrawal, because the withdrawal experience in different 
places have been corrected in the assumptions, the impact is negative to that extent. And there 
are interactions in assumptions which we take, the direction which we take. So a combined effect 
of all these things have been shown in one place, which is 2.9% positive. 
Supratim: 
There was a question on the unwind as well if you could clarify that? 
N. Kalpana: 
As of 30th June, we are not disclosing the EV value. However the unwind rate will be based on 
assumptions that we expect to have as on 31st March of the year. So, we disclose the EV on half 
yearly basis and while we do so, the analysis of movement however on annual basis.  
Supratim: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, just one clarification sir... 
N. Kalpana: 
I think we're at the same levels as last year.  
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: So if you look at March 2026 IEV, the unwind which was given at that time in the IEV walk 
was 7,748 crores. That's what it was provided at that time. Now because there is no separate 
calculation of IEV at the end of this quarter and therefore, no numbers have been provided at 
this stage. 
Supratim: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, just one clarification. On the par, non-par and group, you said has 
contributed positively. So that should be taken as all of the products have seen an improvement 
in margins, right, at the product level. Just wanted to clarify that I get this correctly. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: Yes, that's correct. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Manas Agrawal from Sanford Bernstein. 
Manas Agrawal: 
I actually had one request and one question. The request is this time, we've seen a big gap in 
terms of the weighted premium and the APE. Another insurer also has this and they report 
monthly APE whenever LI Council numbers come. I think this will give investors confidence in 
monthly trajectory. So that is the request. 
 
The question is, essentially, see Q3, Q4 growth was good on a weak base. Q1 APE growth, and 
I'm restricting myself to APE, the VNB growth is good. The APE growth is soft in some shape 
or form, at least on a not so high base. Second half, your base also becomes unfavorable in both 
APE and margin expansion terms. So how should one think about, a, just cross cycle medium 
term, three years, let's say, what is the aspiration for growth on top line, bottom line new sales? 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
R. Doraiswamy: 
APE and WRP, as I explained, they take a slightly different component into place. APE does 
not take into account the renewal premium or the subsequent premiums after the policy gets 
completed during the first year, whereas the WRP takes actually what has been  received. So if 
a monthly premium is taken at the beginning, only one month premium is taken into credit. And 
in APE, it gets multiplied by 12. 
 
So last year, we had -- last few quarters, we have been slowly shifting our focus and a 
contribution from non-single premium or regular premium had increased in the last year. 
Thereby, the APE growth was -- in compared to the previous year was high. But this year, we 
are comparing with a similar situation last year. 
 
So the current first quarter APE growth has not been that high. though WRP has been good 
because we have got a very good first year renewal premium also coming in. We expect that this 
will get more pronounced and this growth in APE will also increase over the subsequent quarters 
as our focus on new business also increases as the year passes on. I think that is something which 
we'll look at. Yes, your request, we'll get it examined and how best we can do that we'll see. 
 
As I go forward, I think there should not be much of an impact on the profitability because we 
are focusing continuously on value-accreting policies in a bigger way, where you have seen a 
good growth in both non-par savings as well as non-par protection. And that focus will continue. 
So we expect the margins to improve. Of course, the component from the RFR is not in our 
hands. Other components will be continuously under our focus. We'll try to improve our 
efficiency in all the areas that we can do. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Just one question on individual protection, sir. We 
are seeing good growth continuing. And this quarter, again, it is 40% plus kind of year-on-year 
growth that we are seeing. If you can help us understand what channels are majorly contributing 
it? And while it is on a small base, but what steps have we taken? And do we expect it to continue 
growing further? And something on that will be helpful, sir. 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Thank you, Gaurav. Actually, we were a very strong savings player. our contribution from 
savings used to be very high, followed by annuities. And then we started improving our 
performance in ULIPs. The one bucket which we were not very strong was, as you said, the 
protection. So we wanted to have that also added. And so we are seeing a good growth in the 
first quarter this year over the corresponding period last year. The channel which is contributing, 
no doubt because in terms of number of policies, biggest contributors are individual agents. 
individual agents have contributed substantially in this. 
 
Whereas in bancassurance, the focus is much more on annuity sales and ULIPs. There, again, 
we will be trying to get something from the protection bucket as well. We can confidently hope 
to increase this increase in protection performance to continue for some more quarters, certainly 
because our focus is to increase protection also in the -- as part of our business line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Congrats on a great set of numbers. Just wanted to understand again on the impact of assumption 
changes, operating assumptions. In March '26 also, there was a negative hit. So it is still that 
impact that is going on or in 1Q FY27 also, there are some assumption changes which is 
impacting this? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: So, in the month of March, if you look at the impact of operating assumption and changes in 
GST was that was provided was minus 2.8%. Now we have shown it separately. The impact of 
assumption, which constitutes all three RFR withdrawals and other deductions like CRNHR, 
TVOG and frictional costs, etc. So they are put together, they are contributing 2.9%. But as I 
said, impact of expense that has come down to minus 1.9%, which includes the impact of loss 
of input tax credit. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So, basically, this should kind of keep reducing with time and probably second half of FY27, 
this should not -- a bulk of it should not be there largely because of the GST input tax credit 
should not have any implication. And unless there is some more assumption changes that we do 
towards the end of FY27, this should kind of reduce going ahead? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: As I explained earlier, the impact is two ways. One, the input tax credit, which is taken as the 
expense. And there is again the positive impact of growth in the volume itself. So you would 
appreciate that once the volume grows and it exceeds the growth in the expenses put together, 
the other expenses and the cost of input tax credit -- so the per policy expenses, the way it goes 
into assumptions will definitely reduce once the volume also increases. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. Sir, and if I look at your P&L and large part of our profits or surplus comes from the non-
par book in spite of the fact that we have such a relatively smaller non-par book versus the par 
book. Still the surplus comes from the non-par book, maximum of the surplus -- large part of the 
surplus. What explains that? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
So see, the non-par business valuation happens on a quarter-to-quarter basis. whereas the surplus 
emanating from par business is done only once in a year when it comes to transferring it to the 
shareholders. Ultimately, 90-10 share has to happen. So that happens only when the valuation 
gets completed at the end of the year. So you will see the impact of par business surplus only in 
the quarter 4. First two, three quarters, we'll have only the non-par surplus coming in. 
Prayesh Jain: 
But even in FY26, if you look at the numbers, a large part of the surplus was from non-par book? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
See, as the nature of business itself, par 90% of the surplus goes to the policyholders. On ly 10% 
gets transferred. So the idea of a directional change in the proportion of business between par 
and non-par is started only after we started getting into -- we went into a public organization 
after the IPO. So this will contribute. And also, we have the funds earmarked for available 
solvency margin, which is ring-fenced and kept. The accretion from that also contributes to the 
improvement of the shareholders' profit. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. What would be that number today? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
ASM funds is at 180,000 crores. . 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
That is the INR180,000 crores will be the book value, right? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Yes, book value. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: This is the book value. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Was it the market value of it? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: It varies. It fluctuates. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Last question. For the full year, what would be your outlook for the VNB margin? We 
have given such a strong margin in this quarter. What should we think about the full year VNB 
margin for LIC? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
We don't normally give a guidance, but we expect it to improve over the next few quarters as 
well, of course, keeping the one uncertain factor of the RFR. Otherwise, the margins should keep 
improving as we continue to focus on improved efficiency in terms of operations, which will 
result in overall expense ratio coming down and also the business coming out of value-accretive 
lines of business improving in the subsequent quarters. 
Prayesh Jain: 
So from this Q1 base also, you expect the margins to improve further? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Yes. Yes, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harshal from AMSEC. 
Harshal: 
Just had one question on the margins. So we have seen a 650 bps improvement due to product 
mix change. And that what we are doing is due to better product mix and improvement in product 
margins. So if you can just share how much is due to better product mix and how much is due 
to improvement product margin? That was one. 
 
And secondly, we have seen a sharp improvement in non-par sales in the same category. So if 
you can highlight which are the products which are driving that growth? And which are the 
initiatives from our end, which are improving margins across the segments like ULIP, par enter 
in the non-par segment, par and group, which are the key initiatives which are driving margin 
improvement across the categories? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: We have -- if you see post IPO, we have focused and we have come out with the non-par products 
and particularly in all segments, we have increased and we have shown the growth. As we had 
informed you earlier that in -- we are very strong in par business, and we would like to continue 
to grow on par side. But we also want to outgrow on non-par side where the margins are higher 
than par itself. 
 
So the product introduction, modification and withdrawal, etc, they are all the natural 
phenomena for any insurance company based on the needs of the customers. and the experience 
which the insurers have. So, the product, the mix will keep on changing based on the needs of 
the customers. And the way they are purchased and going forward, that will define how the 
margins they come up for the Corporation. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Harshal: 
Anything in terms of how much you should be able to and how much margins you break it up 
by 50 bps. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: See, what I can tell you broadly lines of business we were talking about. So if you look at the 
proportion of par business, which is 37.1%, which gives a VNB margin of 19.4%. The proportion 
of non-par individual is INR1,678 crores, which gives a margin of 49.3%. And the group 
business is the third group, which is 45% on APE, which gives VNB margin of 29.4%. 
Harshal: 
Just missed on the last part, what was the group margin you said. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: 29.4%, for 45% APE. This is on the proportion. I'm talking about the proportion of APE and the 
proportion of VNB margin. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nischint from Kotak. 
Nischint: 
Sorry, just a clarification, the data points that you shared right now, 19.5% -- sorry, 19.4% for 
par, 49.3% for non-par and 29.4% for group. This is essentially the segmental VNB margin. 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: So this is a proportion of VNB coming from different segments. 
Nischint: 
Okay. Got it. Got it. Just curious, when you mentioned that RFR and persistency both kind of 
are reflected in the assumption change. Did we say that persistency impact is negative and RFR 
is higher to the extent of 5%? 
Ajay Kuma Shrivastava: 
So that's what you said, this is based on the experience on both individual side and the group 
side. Group side, the persistency has contributed to negatively. And the individual side also for 
various durations, it is positive, for some duration, it is there. So put together, the persistency is 
marginally negative and the impact of RFR is positive, which is something which is not 
something which we fix as the assumption, but it is something which is already there to be used 
by everybody else. 
Nischint: 
Got it. Got it. And just one last one is on the bancassurance side, there seems to be some 
weakness. If you could comment on that. I think you're doing quite well till maybe one or two 
quarters back. 
R. Doraiswamy: 
We continue to do focus more on that. In the first quarter, we did not -- we had not finalized a 
few marketing plans of some of our bank partners. So naturally, the starting was a bit delayed. 
We expect it to be covered up in the subsequent quarters. We will be doing much better than 
what we did last year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Srihari Venugopalan from Avendus Spark. 
Srihari Venugopalan: 
Sir, just to understand the VNB walk, sorry for pushing on it again just so that it's clear in our 
hands. So you are saying that the impact of assumption is positive 290 bps, of which positive 
economic variance of positive RFR is 500 bps. The remaining negative portion is largely on 
persistency and mortality. And the impact of expenses is 190 bps negative as both GST, ITC as 
well as other expenses, the total expense ratio has slightly gone up. Is that the right way to 
understand it? 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
R. Doraiswamy: 
You understood right, but it's on the assumption change, the assumptions getting aligned to some 
experience of the last two quarters. 
Srihari Venugopalan: 
Okay. So this is a permanent assumption is not an operating variance basically in that sense, 
negative operating -- the negative portion within that 90 bps? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: It's not something which -- see, if you are right, if you look at the IEV walk, then all those 
operating variances and the numbers would be given in details. But this is the VNB walk where 
what we have shown is the impact of changes in assumption. 
Srihari Venugopalan: 
Got it, sir. And this impact of volume because GST obviously resulted in an improvement in 
volume, that is netted off in the impact of expenses? 
Ajay Kumar Shrivastava: As I explained earlier that the loss of input tax credit, it forms an expense and it gets added to 
the operating expenses. And once the volume goes up, then that has a sort of impact on the policy 
expenses. But as long as the volume is likely to go up because of the positive impact of GST 
removal from premium, that's going to have impact on the policy expenses going forward. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Mohit Mangal from Centrum. 
Mohit Mangal: 
My first question is towards the solvency ratio. So I think media have kind of maintained higher 
solvency margin -- solvency ratio basically. And so should we expect protection business to 
increase significantly? Or do you think that higher solvency ratio would be our strategy going 
forward? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
It's not a strategy as such. One, this is pre-dividend distribution. The dividend, once it is paid, it 
will take away some part of the solvency. But of course, as we get additional profits getting 
added to the shareholders' funds, there can be a slightly higher rising also. 
 
Now this will support increase in protection business or the increase in liability that we can 
underwrite. That's no doubt a factor that is kept in mind. But we'll be also looking at the 
regulatory changes before we finally take a call where we should have the solvency taken 
forward too. But as of now, this is 2.42%. 
 
If you take away the amount of dividend that was paid subsequent to this quarter, it will come 
down to 2.32%. We would like to see how the changes make the capital requirement fit as well 
as the growth in protection and other business and that also can be supported. We'll take a call 
as we go forward. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. That's clear. Sir, my second question is basically, I was just looking at your number of 
policies sold through bancassurance and alternate channels. So that increased by 16.3%. But if 
I look at individual NBP through this channel grew by only 5.3%. So should we kind of conclude 
that the growth is being driven by lower ticket size policies -- or are there any other factors 
affecting the premium growth? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
The growth is not being impacted by the lower ticket policy. Yes, if you can say, the lack of 
availability of low ticket size policy because of a revision of the ticket size to meet the changes 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
brought in by the master circular did affect because the minimum sum assured has been increased 
from INR1 lakh to INR2 lakh. 
 
So the low ticket size policies have come down, no doubt. But this has helped in increasing the 
margins as well. But it will take a bit of time for the market to get adjusted and show and bring 
back the growth in number of policies. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Right. No, sir, my doubt was that your policies have grown by a higher amount in these channels, 
but your individual NBP in these channels have grown by lower amount. So what's the 
disconnect over there? 
Hemant Buch: 
This is Hemant Buch, Executive Director, Bancassurance. You see, out of the 2 lines of business 
which constructs the bancassurance, it is bank per se, which have, in fact, faced some sort of 
pressure in terms of delivery. This is precisely because of the West Asia conflict, which has 
affected the remittance side and the major contributor for us being annuity and ULIPs, both got 
impacted because of the remittance, the annuity side got affected and because of the market 
upheaval, the ULIP side also got affected, which precisely took over some shine out of, in fact, 
the bank-driven business. 
 
But as CEO Sir has rightly pointed out, we are trying to bounce it. Things are in place. And 
going forward, I think you will see a balanced kind of growth and a very robust kind of 
performance, both in terms of number of sales as well as in terms of premium, and that will be 
couple. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Shobhit Sharma from Elara Securities. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Sir, I have two questions. Sir, firstly, is on the yield curve related impact, which you have 
classified. So since this is a meaningful one, which has actually bloated your margins and it's 
slightly unsustainable because the current yield curve is significantly very high. And since we 
will continue to grow our non-par guaranteed book faster than the overall APE, so what should 
be our sustainable VNB margins on an overall basis, if you want to think about it? 
 
And secondly, sir, if we look at ULIP, if the growth picks up in that segment, so should we 
expect our APE growth to be back into double digits because your ULIP APE has a significant 
proportion coming in from the monthly mode. And sir, lastly, your renewal commission on a Y-
o-Y basis has declined. Is there any particular reason for that? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
No. Actually, if you look at the thing, ULIP coming back in a bigger numbers certainly can help 
in our APE growth. Even otherwise, we are looking at increasing our APE growth by the other 
product lines as well. That certainly happened. 
 
The commission year-on-year growth has been a matter of the amount of premium collected and 
out of which how much is through agents and how much is through agents who are no longer in 
the books, not eligible to renew commission. It has nothing to do with any other thing. And in 
terms of VNB margin, we expect the margin to grow something more than where we currently 
are and settle something around the industry average. 

 
Life Insurance Corporation 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay. So since last time you mentioned you are targeting mid-20s kind of VNB margin. So 
should we expect we are on track to achieve those kind of numbers by end of the year? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Yes, sir. Yes, we are working towards that. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Okay, sir. Sir, last question I have is on your average ticket size. We have seen significant jump 
on to that during the quarter. So we'll be able to sustain that? And is this primarily driven by the 
growth we have seen on the non-par side and the slowdown on the monthly business side? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
No, no, no. Non-par is also on the monthly business side. It's both. The par or non-par does not 
make a difference in terms of the frequency of premium payment. It depends upon the product 
that gets sold. The annuities when we sell in big numbers, they come as a single premium. So 
that is one. Other two immediate annuities, we get immediate and the deferred annuity both we 
get on a single premium front. When the annuities grow, the ticket size will grow. That is one. 
 
Two, on the regular premium side also because we have increased the minimum ticket of our 
major selling poly from INR1 lakh to INR2 lakh that has already resulted in uptick in the average 
ticket size. That will continue to be -- it is quite sustainable, not affordable. 
Shobhit Sharma: 
Sir, this revision in the minimum sum assured we have done in this current financial year? 
Because lastly, we had done that during the -- post the surrender value guidelines? 
R. Doraiswamy: 
October '24, yes. The proportion of policies sold at higher sum have increased, yes. 
Moderator: 
Sir, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Doraiswamy 
for closing comments. 
R. Doraiswamy: 
Thanks, everyone, for joining our late evening conference call today. As we wrap up the review 
of our 3-month performance for Q1 FY27, I want to sincerely thank you for your continued trust 
and partnership with LIC of India. 
 
Your questions and inputs reflect a strong understanding of our business and strategy. I hope we 
have been able to address them clearly. If you require any further assistance or wish to continue 
the dialogue, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations team any time. Wishing you 
all a pleasant evening, and thank you once again, and a good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of LIC, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
