 
 
1 August 2026 
  
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 524669 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra - Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Symbol: HESTERBIO 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam: 
 
Subject:  Transcripts of earnings conference call held on 30 July 2026 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earnings conference call held by the 
management of the Company with all investors on Thursday, 30 July 2026 at 2:00 p.m. (IST) to discuss 
the financial results for the for the quarter ended 30 June 2026. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Sincerely 
For Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
 
 
Vinod Mali 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Enclosure: As above 
 
Vinod 
Mali
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Mali 
Date: 2026.08.01 
14:09:09 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Hester Biosciences Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
30 July 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
Mr. Rajiv Gandhi - Chief Executive Officer and Managing  
 
 
 
Director, Hester Biosciences Limited 
 
Ms. Priya Gandhi - Executive Director, Hester Biosciences 
Limited 
 
Mr. Ashish Desai - Chief Financial Officer, Hester Biosciences 
Limited 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
           Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hester Biosciences Q1 FY27 
                                  Earnings Conference Call   hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
From the management side, we have with us today Mr. Rajiv Gandhi – CEO 
and Managing Director; Ms. Priya Gandhi – Executive Director; and Mr. Ashish 
Desai – CFO. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priya Gandhi. Thank you and over to 
you, ma'am. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Priya Gandhi. Thank you for 
joining us today to discuss our Q1 FY27 results. As always, we sincerely 
appreciate your continued engagement and long-term support. 
 
At our annual general meeting earlier this month, we spoke about the theme 
of this year's report, which is building with intent, growing with science. We 
shared how our focus over the past year has been on strengthening Hester's 
scientific capabilities, manufacturing platform, operational discipline and long-
term competitiveness. And the 1st Quarter of FY27 does give us some 
encouraging evidence that these efforts are beginning to translate into stronger 
operating performance. As our detailed financial results have already been 
published in the press note, I will focus my remarks today on the key highlights 
and developments during the quarter, rather than reiterating all the financial 
numbers. 
 
On a standalone basis, our revenue from operations grew by 14% and the PAT 
increased by 88% over the corresponding quarter over the previous year. Gross 
margins improved from 69% to 78%, which was mainly supported by a 
favorable product mix and our continued efforts on operational efficiencies. 
EBITDA grew by 95%, reflecting stronger operating performance and 
disciplined execution across the business. At a consolidated level, our revenue 
from operations has declined by 8%, primarily due to lower revenues from 
Nepal and Africa operations. Consolidated profitability during the quarter 
includes an exceptional accounting gain arising from the amendment of the 
soft loan extended to Hester Africa by the Gates Foundation. 
 
During the quarter, the outstanding loan was reduced from USD 12 million to 
USD 5 million. The accrued interest was waived and revised loan was made 
interest-free. This reflects the foundation's recognition of the geopolitical and 
operating challenges in the region and its continued support for Hester Africa's 
long-term mission and development. 
 
Coming on to our division-wise performance, speaking of the Poultry 
Healthcare Division: 
The Poultry Healthcare Division delivered an excellent quarter, recording 48% 
growth over the corresponding quarter of the previous year. The growth was 
supported by higher institutional business, deeper market penetration and 
continued strengthening of customer engagement across key markets. We are 
also encouraged by the early traction witnessed in the Poultry Health Products 
Portfolio introduced during the previous financial year, including feed 
supplements and disinfectant solutions. These products complement our 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
vaccine business by strengthening bird immunity, improving farm hygiene and 
supporting better disease prevention outcomes. As we discussed during the 
previous call, our approach to avian influenza extends beyond vaccination 
alone. We have developed a more holistic offering that combines vaccines with 
biosecurity, farm hygiene, gut health products and scientific advisory. Our 
objective is to provide poultry farmers with integrated health solutions that 
improve farm productivity and disease management, rather than viewing 
disease prevention through a single product approach. Alongside this, we 
continue to strengthen our poultry portfolio through scientific engagement, 
customer education and responsible commercialization of our products. 
 
Coming to the Animal Healthcare Division: 
The Animal Healthcare Division continued to be impacted by the timing of 
government-led immunization programs, particularly under the PPR eradication 
and the Lumpy Skin Disease Control Initiative, for which we supply our Goat 
Pox vaccine. As we have consistently maintained, this remains a timing-related 
issue rather than a reflection of any underlying demand issue. Preventive 
animal healthcare continues to offer a significant long-term opportunity and we 
remain committed to strengthening our portfolio while building a more 
balanced business across institutional, commercial as well as export markets. 
 
Speaking a little bit about research and development: 
At Hester, innovation continues to remain central to our long-term strategy. 
During the quarter, we have submitted regulatory dossiers in the animal health 
segment, reflecting our continued investment in expanding our biological 
pipeline and creating future growth opportunities. Scientific innovation is a 
long-term process, requiring sustained investment, regulatory discipline as well 
as patience, and we remain committed to strengthening our research 
capabilities and building a differentiated portfolio across poultry and animal 
healthcare. 
 
Coming to the international operations: 
Internationally we continue to strengthen our long-term presence. While Nepal 
and Africa have reported low revenues during the quarter, our strategic 
direction remains unchanged. We continue to focus on registration, market 
development, and strengthening our commercial presence across international 
markets. We remain confident that the investments being made today will 
support sustainable long-term growth. 
 
Looking ahead: 
As we move through FY'27, our priorities remain unchanged. We will continue 
strengthening our biological portfolio, expanding market penetration across 
domestic and export markets, advancing our research and development 
pipeline, improving utilization of our manufacturing infrastructure, and 
maintaining our focus on operational excellence and disciplined execution. 
Many of these initiatives require time before they are reflected in financial 
performance. Product development, regulatory approval, registration, and 
market development are inherently long-term in nature. However, we remain 
confident that the investments made over the past several quarters and years 
have positioned Hester on a much stronger footing for sustainable long-term 
growth. 
 
Thank you once again for your continued trust and support, and we look 
forward to taking your questions. 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Zen Nivesh Advisors 
Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much for taking my question and congratulations on a good set 
of numbers. Ma'am, my first question is related to a recent meeting of the 
Ministry regarding high pathogenic avian influenza and I think they also decided 
something related to importing of vaccines which will be used for testing. If 
you can throw some more light into it as to how it will create opportunities for 
us and how we are involved, that would be very helpful. Thank you. That is my 
first question. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, so at this point, it is really a little bit premature to comment on this. The 
first step is for the government to really determine a specific regulatory 
pathway for such a vaccine, whether it has to be imported or manufactured 
within the country. Unless and until there is more clarity on that front, it would 
really not be appropriate to comment on this at this point. Any such 
development will highly depend on the government's policy, regulatory 
framework and disease situation and we are also monitoring developments. 
But at this point, there is nothing that we can really speculate or comment. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Sure. And ma'am, there was a recent news article related to the compensation 
not being paid to the farmer association related to the culling operations which 
was there. This is related to H5N1 outbreak. Any clarity on that or any more 
color on that? That would be very helpful. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Rajiv Gandhi here. Those questions or the answers for that would not be within 
our purview because that's something between the insurance company, the 
government and the farmers. So, that's something which we should not 
comment and we would not be able to comment. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Yes, sir. I understand that, sir. But my question related to that is, how do you 
see that delay being impacting the industry in general? That is what I wanted 
to know. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I really don't think that is impacting the industry at this point of time. Yes, birds 
would have been culled or they would have died, etc. But no, there is no much 
impact on this. In fact, these discussions have not even come up in our 
manufacturers' meet or association meetings, etc. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Got it, sir. One last question. I think over the last one year or so, we have done 
a lot of efforts in terms of streamlining operations and improving the product 
mix, which is already reflecting not only the income statement but also on our 
balance sheet. And with all these things now looking very good, how do we 
see especially the demand scenario and how we think especially in terms of 
African operations? How do we see that? I am not asking for any guidance, but 
over the next few quarters, maybe four to six or eight quarters, how do we see 
that? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
I think the demand and our strategy in Africa is exclusive from what operational 
discipline and operational excellence activities that we undertake. That is 
something that regardless of anything, we want to continue maintaining this 
momentum for quarters and years to come. And with respect to the Africa 
operations, as already mentioned, we do have reasons to believe that the 
future is good, the opportunities are there, and we are working towards our 
long-term strategy in Africa. 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Ankit Kanodia: 
But there would be volatility, as we mentioned in the previous calls. So, it would 
not be a steady state growth in Africa. Is that fair to assume? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Today, the world is volatile, forget about other markets. This is too precise for 
us to answer. We will take it as it comes. And there is a demand, we will meet 
the demand. Sometimes demand is ability as well as willingness. Willingness is 
there, ability may not be there, etc., etc., because of these geopolitical reasons. 
We will take it forward. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
That was very helpful, sir. Thank you so much and all the best. And I will come 
back into the queue if I have more questions. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Bajaj from 
Growthsphere Ventures. Please go ahead. 
 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Yes, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Considering I am fairly new in 
this company, so pardon me if some of the questions have been answered in 
the previous phone calls. So, sir, my first question was more to do with the 
poultry division. Based on my understanding, this was supposed to be a mature 
business for us considering we are among the market leaders in this segment. 
But in this particular year, especially in the past two, three quarters, this 
division is growing at a very fast pace versus a historical track record. So, is it 
mainly due to some cyclical recovery or is there some structural change like if 
you can provide some sort of breakup on the value and volume terms? Because 
I understand we have gotten some marketing approvals as well. So, if you can 
share more on that, sir, that will be very helpful. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
You see, we are overall in the veterinary biologicals and health products, 
poultry as well as cattle, sheep, swine, goat, swine, these are the species, all 
production animals. It is our endeavor that both these divisions grow hand in 
hand and we get equal revenues, top line, bottom line, etc. But sometimes the 
market dynamics are such that it forces business in one of the divisions. And 
therefore, it has so happened at this point of time, government vaccine tender 
business got delayed. So, therefore, the animal health vaccine sales could not 
happen as planned, but it will come up into the next quarter. In poultry, we 
got the opportunities, we have taken it in our hand and we have pushed the 
sale. When we make more sales in one division, we really don't worry that why 
is the other less, so we do this less or do that more. We keep doing all those 
and increasing our business. 
 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Fair enough. Anyways, poultry is a very higher margin business for us. So, as 
a shareholder, it's always good to see that business scaling up. Coming to the 
second question, like I understand that given the tender basis or the nature of 
the animal health care business, that business has always been pretty volatile 
in nature. And I understand that some of our past capex decisions in global 
market like that in Nepal didn't work for us. And we were very hopeful on this 
Africa one, considering the sheer time and the higher relations that we can 
generate from that market. However, we have faced some sort of challenges 
in terms of scaling that Africa division, considering the exception of one quarter 
wherein we reported some positive profitability. So, sir, I am just trying to 
understand like, is it natural gestation period that we are witnessing in this 
division considering we have gone into a new geography or has there been 
some sort of troubles on the tendering front as well, which has led to slightly 
lower scale up, which is what we were earlier envisaging in our previous con-
call. 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Everything is combined, new territory, a virgin continent, a continent where 
economies are struggling financially, politically, there we are trying to create 
demand. So, all these things added up, come together. And then, therefore, 
these things happen, gestation period, I don't think we could call it as a 
gestation period. It is a formative period, I would say. And we are working on 
it. And we are seeing positive results and things will happen. It will take off. 
 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
So, what are the directional guidance on that, for like are we seeing some sort 
of green shoots in near future? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I tell you, we would not want to get into any directional guidance or anything. 
Our quarter-to-quarter work, we are working, everybody is putting their efforts 
into the organization to build sales, top line, bottom line, etc. We are doing it, 
it is slowly happening and it will happen in some time. There is no guidance or 
anything of this. 
 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Fair enough, sir. And just one last question for my end. I think when we started 
this human vaccine vertical at the peak of this COVID, that didn't work out well 
for us, that capital efficient decision. And we have, I think, repurposed the 
entire BSL3 facilities for full-finished capacity. And I think that also came live 
in a couple of quarters back. So, can you provide us some understanding on 
the current utilization of those capacity and how will we ramp up that going 
forward? Any directional guidance on that front, maybe? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Again, difficult to give a directional guidance or give you a number as to how 
much percent we are utilizing. Yes, it is a BSL3 biosafety level 3 facility, which 
we are very proud of. In whichever circumstance we did build it, but we really 
believe that it is a requirement, a regulated requirement in years to come for 
all organizations. And we are just glad that we built it for something else. But, 
we are quite sure about the fact that this will get utilized. And given the product 
pipeline also that we have and our efforts into operational excellence, we will 
be fully utilizing it for the products, the veterinary products that we have in our 
pipeline. At this point, really cannot give you a capacity utilization percentage, 
but we are working towards optimum utility of our manufacturing facility. 
 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Manish Jain from 
GormalOne LLP. Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Yes. Hi. Congratulations on great numbers, but more importantly, the way you 
are creating a big platform for growth going ahead. So, just wanted initial 
market feedback of your low pathogen avian influenza, which you got approval 
in March this year. How has been the market response for it? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. The market response has been very good, I would say. And we are selling 
this vaccine. And I think, I mean, to answer your question, in one sentence, 
the market response is very good. You might say that why isn't the sale picked 
up so much? But it has picked up. You see the business that has taken place 
in the poultry division, it has really, I mean, that vaccine has contributed 
towards some of the jumps that we have taken at this point of time. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Beautiful, beautiful. And in your pet care business, when do you expect to 
launch vaccines in that business segment? 
 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, Mr. Manish, so we are gradually expanding the portfolio in the pet division. 
But, with respect to vaccines right now, I mean, a little premature for us to 
say, we will share the development as the products progress to appropriate 
development and regulatory stages. And at this point in time, a little early to 
really say something because the regulatory timelines and the regulatory 
demands are very stringent and rightfully so. But yes, we are working towards 
it and we are progressing well. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
I would like to add in this that while there are some opportunities to import 
and to sell, but we are reasonably clear, make in India, produce in India and 
sell from India. This is taking a little longer time, but we do not want to be 
dependent on foreign buying, importing and selling over here. In fact, we want 
to sell abroad. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Beautiful. And two housekeeping questions for Ashish. One is post this debt 
reduction, what is the consolidated debt as of 30th June now? 
 
Ashish Desai: 
The consolidated debt as on 30th June is Rs. 103 crores. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Wow. And the Africa entity is entitled for, I think, 10 years tax-free status of 
your profits. So, that is still, which year will that be available to you all? 
 
Ashish Desai: 
It is till 2030. 
 
Manish Jain: 
Perfect. I have few more questions. I will join back the queue. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Prarit Chopra from Investor 
Shoppe Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
 
Prarit Chopra: 
So, my first question is, are you guys dependent upon the government tenders? 
Because this makes very unpredictable scenarios. So, how do you guys 
overcome with this? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
If we need to deal with government, we will, because we are very proud to be 
the producers of vaccines, which are immunizing the cattle, which are 
improving the milk yield in the country. And we feel very proud that we are 
one of the big contributors to the dairy industry and now also to the sheep and 
goat and soon in the swine. These things are tender business. Sometimes it 
will be in urgency, sometimes lates. At the end of the day, if you look at a 
broader period of time, say one year, two years, three years, then the variation 
is there for supplies during times. But overall, if you take longer periods, there 
is a steady business and it goes on. Your next question may be, what happens 
if we don't get the tender business? Then what will we do? We as a company, 
we are also trying hard and working towards creating demand with the dairy 
farm directly also. And as now the dairy farms and institutes are becoming 
bigger, less and less they start depending on the free vaccine for the 
government. It is a long process. We are doing it. And on the flip side, you 
could be rest assured that there is not a single year that we will go without 
gaining one tender. Today if this is this product, tomorrow it will another or the 
other, or may be all the three. But it will go on. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Our core strength and our core focus is in biologicals and preventive healthcare, 
whether in poultry or in large animals, will always be, the importance of it is 
unquestionable. And like I mentioned, our other R&D pipeline products are also 
vaccines, biologicals, which are, which will be needed by the government of 
India for tender. Yes, there is a timing led issue, but I mean, we are aware of 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
the risks involved, the timing delays involved, but at the same time, our focus 
is going to be on strengthening the biologicals division. 
 
Prarit Chopra: 
Okay, I got it. My question is, I see your reports, there is some weak cash 
conversion, reported profit is not supported by operating cash flow. So… 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Can you explain what you're trying to say again? 
 
Prarit Chopra: 
Basically, I am saying there is a weak cash conversion, the cash flow is not like 
you guys reported profit again and again, but the number of cash flow is not, 
we are able to see. 
 
Ashish Desai: 
No, it is there, there is a positive cash flow. I think probably the cash flow is 
not part of this, but there is a cash flow which is generated from the operating 
activities. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, no, there is, your question doesn't seem to make us understand, but there 
is a cash flow, there is a positive cash flow in the organization. 
 
Prarit Chopra: 
No, I saw the report, it's showing that you guys have a weak cash conversion. 
 
Ashish Desai: 
I think, see, we have improved on the conversion and the receivables are a 
little bit there, but comparatively, we'll see the impact. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Receivables are a little higher. Sometimes this is due to seasonal issues and 
all. It's a trend which goes on, but we don't see this as a concern at all. And 
it's not even a red flag or anything of a concern to us. It's going on perfectly, 
manageable. 
 
Prarit Chopra: 
That's my main question. I am saying that it will be a concern for you. That's 
why I am asking. The cash flow is not concerning. Okay. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, no, there is no concern. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Zen Nivesh 
Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
Thank you so much for allowing me a follow-up. Ma'am and sir, I just have a 
very simple question. I am not asking for any guidance, any future forecast, 
but any rough understanding of how much is the capacity today and roughly 
how much is being utilized, so that we have just some idea as to how much 
expansion can be done, as in how much sales can be done without any new 
capacity. That's the only reason to ask. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
These questions have been answered in the past also, and our capacity 
utilization over here at the plant, it is at around 60% to 65%. Now, these terms, 
again, are very subjective. Poultry vaccines are being produced, large animals 
are being produced, 1000 doses are being produced, 25 doses are being 
produced, pet vaccines are being produced, single dose, 5 doses, 1000, 2000 
doses of poultry. So, this is a very subjective thing. At the moment, the way 
we are progressing, at an average, you can say we have around 65% 
utilization, and that's about it. 
 
Ankit Kanodia: 
I understand, sir. Thank you so much, sir, for giving this answer. 
 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investments. Please proceed. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand what has led to the 
step up, jump in our revenue from the poultry segment from Rs. 45 crores, Rs. 
48 crore revenue levels to close to 60 plus crores. Is it due to higher placement, 
or is it due to new product addition or something else altogether? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Everything put together, the placement of poultry is good. Our market 
penetration has been more aggressive. None of this is attributed to increasing 
in prices, because our prices of vaccines have not gone up. So, they have 
marginally gone up. But most of it, it is getting hold of a bigger market share. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
And I think we've mentioned it in the annual report as well as our previous 
transcripts and press notes that we've been focusing on strengthening overall 
deeper market penetration, scientific engagement in the field, expansion of 
health products portfolio as well. So, these things have collectively contributed 
in the poultry growth over the last few quarters. And this has been mentioned 
in the report as well. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Got it. So, one of the questions was, can we leverage our existing network in 
the poultry segment to either cross-sell some feed supplement or any other? I 
think there's some... 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
It is being done. We have animal health products, feed supplements, medicine. 
So, it is being done. 
 
Moderator: 
So, the line for the current participant has been dropped. Can we proceed with 
the next question? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter 
Cyclical PMS. Please proceed. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
So, you mentioned that the capacity utilization is about 60% or something. So, 
I want to understand, does that include the fill-and-finish capacity and the BSL3 
facility that came up recently? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Can you please repeat your question? 
 
Gunit Singh: 
So, I am saying we came up with the fill-and-finish and the BSL3 facility 
currently, right? So, our fixed assets have gone up by around Rs. 200 Cr. in 
FY'26. So, I want to understand the 60% utilization you mentioned, does that 
take into account the new capacity that came up as well because, I mean, 
there was not much step-up in the revenues, whereas the fixed assets increase. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, it comprises of the entire manufacturing setup, the number that we gave, 
which is an approximate number, but yes, keeping into mind the entire 
manufacturing setup. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Got it. So, is the manufacturing set up fungible between poultry and 
healthcare? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Between poultry vaccines and large animal vaccines. 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Right. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Yes. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
So, I want to understand with the new fill-and-finish and BSL3 facilities, are 
they similar to our existing facilities or do they bring in some new capabilities 
or some new products for us? And it was mentioned in the annual report that 
some specialized biological products are being developed there. So, I want to 
understand what kind of products are being developed and what is the market 
potential for that, for those? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
The fill-and-finish is obviously different because it's a fill-and-finish facility to 
manufacture the finished product. That is, of course, different. And the BSL3 
is also different from the existing infrastructure in terms of the biosafety level. 
So, it is different as far as the pipeline products are concerned, it won't be 
appropriate for me to really give you what are the products under development 
and what the market for that is. As and when there is any development or 
progress, we will be announcing any launches that happen subsequently. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Got it. And in terms of our foreign operations in Nepal and Africa, what kind of 
a demand environment do we see currently? And by when do we expect them 
to be profitable? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, I also covered this in our notes, in our transcripts and in our report. The 
continent of Africa, in terms of opportunities, is extremely positive. Overall, in 
healthcare, human healthcare, veterinary healthcare, the primary basis for us 
to set up a base over there. The Nepal plant is, to some extent, dependent on 
the eradication program of PPR for the world. And the opportunity for that 
remains the way it is. PPR is a very important disease, not only in India, but in 
the world. And we will be utilizing our plants outside of India, because India 
right now does not recognize this change that the world recognizes. So, we will 
be utilizing these facilities to cater to that demand. So, the opportunities are 
huge. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Got it. My last question would be regarding our pet care division. So, currently, 
what kind of revenues are we doing in that division? And is it profitable for us? 
And also, is it a purely a B2C business? Or what kind of a model is it? If you 
can throw some lights on that, that would be really helpful. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Pet division is our new division. It's right now emerging. Of course, as we all 
know, pet care in general, pet healthcare, has many segments to it. There is 
quite a bit of competition also. At this point in time, we do not report it 
separately. It is a part of our animal health business. Once it reaches a scale 
that is meaningful, it will be reported separately for us to give you any separate 
revenue-related information. Right now, we have products in various categories 
in pet care, which is antibiotics, anti-parasites, grooming products. These are 
the kinds of products that we are selling it in our brand name and they are 
doing very well. Right now, it is a small portion of our animal health division, 
but we are making quite a few investments and we will take that division 
forward. 
 
Gunit Singh: 
Got it. So, what is the current size of the distribution network for them in terms 
of, say, veterinaries or dealers or distributors? And what plan do you envisage 
for this division, say, in the coming few years? 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Priya Gandhi: 
I think I have already answered the question what my plan is with pet division 
in my previous answer and I really cannot give you a number in the distribution 
network. As mentioned, it is a part of our animal health division. Nationally, it 
is very well regarded because Hester enjoys the old credibility of an old 
veterinary healthcare company and with our previous division's help, we have 
tried to build a distribution network and it is right now a part of our animal 
health business division. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Samarth from Janak 
Merchant Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Samarth: 
So, two questions from my side. One is the recombinant variant, the 
recombinant Brucella vaccine was under development. So, what is the update 
on same? And second is in Nepal and Africa, I understand there are no, it is a 
tender dependent business for animal vaccines, but we earlier had plans for 
selling poultry vaccines also in both these regions. So, any thoughts on that? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, Brucella recombinant vaccine development is going in proper timeline. 
There is significant progress as and when we have appropriate information to 
give up in the public domain, we will give it. But yes, there is quite a bit of 
progress on that front. In Africa and Nepal, yes, we are supplying the poultry 
vaccines and we manufacture in Africa plus India and Nepal, poultry vaccines 
are manufactured across all three facilities and the poultry market is huge in 
all these countries. 
 
Samarth: 
So, have we already started because it is not visible in our sales. That is the 
reason why I am asking. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
Poultry vaccines, we are already selling. 
 
Samarth: 
Nepal is a 100-crore market, if I am not wrong. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
Yes, so we are selling. I am not sure if I mean the Rs. 100-crore market, I am 
not sure about that. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, no, you are saying Nepal is a Rs. 100-crore market? 
 
Samarth: 
Yes, means for the poultry vaccines. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
So, send us the statistics, we will also study and see if it is Rs. 100 crore. 
Because, according to us, it is not Rs. 100 crore. If it is, then it is good. 
 
Samarth: 
No, it is from India or it is from the Hester Nepal entity only. 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, you are asking us or? 
 
Samarth: 
Is it from India or Nepal, that is what I am trying to understand. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
In India, our export of poultry, that is a part of our poultry top line. The 
consolidated revenue that you see between India, Nepal and Africa. 
 
Samarth: 
Understood, understood, got it. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investments. Please proceed. 
 
 

 
Hester Biosciences Limited 
30 July 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity, sir. I think I got cut. So, coming to the 
previous question, feed supplements, cross-selling products to our poultry 
divisions. So, what percentage have we penetrated currently and how much 
can we expect to further increase maybe over the next one or two years? And 
what kind of improvement in our revenue can we expect from that? If you 
would give a direction, not numbers, but the direction would be very helpful. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
See, honestly, I mean, we cannot give really a breakup that how much of it is 
supplements and disinfectant in vaccine. But our philosophy is, to position 
vaccination not as a standalone intervention, but disease prevention is effective 
and vaccination is combined with our biosecurity, hygiene, health products, etc. 
And that is the kind of positioning that we have done. There isn't any bifurcation 
or segregation within this, but we are looking at a very holistic disease 
prevention approach, which requires us to complement our vaccines along with 
these supportive health care products. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Right. My question was more about, I think I misquoted it. So, how much of 
the network, the poultry segment network that we have of dealers and 
distributors or either veterinary people, have we currently been cross-selling 
these feed supplements, anything on the poultry health side? 
 
Rajiv Gandhi: 
No, there is no different network. It is the same network, which sells vaccines 
and health products. So, it is one distribution network all across. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
And so now coming up to the animal vaccine division. So, what I understand is 
vaccine is a business where wherever there is some kind of issue or there is 
some kind of breakout, you require a sudden demand. So, what are we trying 
to do to increase the geographical presence? I know that we are not trying to 
get into the regulatory markets, but either semi-regulatory markets or 
emerging markets, whenever there is an outbreak, Hester should be the one 
who is supplying. So, how is the management? 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, there is nothing that when there is a breakout, we are rushing there with 
our vaccines. It is a preventive solution. So, just like in human health, how we 
have to take vaccines based on the schedule that is there. It is very similar to 
that in veterinary. So, there is a specific schedule. Government of India is also 
very serious in disease control and immunization program. It's just that the 
execution of that, there are certain delays based on certain administrative or 
policy reasons. We don't have much control over that, but it is not only 
dependent that if there is an outbreak, we run over there with the vaccines. It 
is very well planned. The scheduling is planned and the vaccines that have to 
be, the diseases for which, against which the vaccines have to go is also very 
much there and it is planned. So, I don't know if I answered your question, but 
that's the thought that I have after hearing you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
 
Priya Gandhi: 
So, thank you all once again for continued trust and thoughtful questions and 
your interest in Hester Biosciences. We value your engagement. We value the 
engagement we have with our shareholders and the investment community 
and we look forward to updating you all on any progress that we make in the 
coming quarters and thank you all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, ma'am. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
 
--------- X --------- 
