.. ~. 
11';,1.~RYS 
August 19, 2026 
BSE Limited 
pt Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 500125 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
E.I.D. - Parry (India) Limited 
Regd.Office : Dare House, 234,N.S.C. Bose Road, Parrys Corner, Chennai 600 001, India. 
Tel : 91.44.25306789 
CIN : L24211TN1975PLC006989 
Website : www.eidparry.com 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
EIDPARRV ' 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call for Analysts and Investors for Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended June 30, 2026 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we hereby submit the transcript of the conference call held on Thursday, August 13, 2026, in 
connection with the unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully 
For E.I.D.- PARRY (INDIA) LIMITED 
Biswa Mohan Rath 
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
• 
murugappa 
Biswa Mohan 
Rath
Digitally signed by Biswa 
Mohan Rath 
Date: 2026.08.19 11:04:11 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited Q1 FY '27 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MUTHIAH MURUGAPPAN – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, E.I.D.- 
PARRY (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESHWARLU Y – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, E.I.D.- PARRY (INDIA) LIMITED 
MR. ABDUL HAKEEM ASHIQ J – CHIEF OPERATING 
OFFICER, SUGAR AND BIOFUEL, E.I.D.- PARRY (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MR. BISWA MOHAN RATH – SR. VP – LEGAL AND 
COMPANY SECRETARY, E.I.D.- PARRY (INDIA) 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANJAY MANYAL – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited’s Q1 FY '27 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by DAM Capital Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing *, then 0 on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Hello, everyone and a warm welcome on behalf of DAM Capital to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Call 
of EID Parry. We thank EID Parry’s management for giving us this opportunity to host this call. 
On the call today, we have Mr. Muthiah Murugappan – Whole-Time Director & CEO, along 
with the senior management team of EID Parry. I hand over the call to the management for 
opening remarks, followed by Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Many thanks, Sanjay. A very good morning to everyone. I hope you are all doing well. It gives 
me great pleasure to be a part of the Q1 FY '27 Analyst Call to share an update about our financial 
results for the 1st Quarter. 
I will start with the global sugar scenario: 
Global sugar markets are transitioning from a surplus-driven bearish phase towards a more 
balanced outlook. According to the International Sugar Organization (ISO), the world sugar 
market is expected to record a surplus of 2.24 million metric tons (MMT) in 2025-26 compared 
to a deficit of 3.2 MMT in the previous year. This is largely driven by better global production 
of 182 MMT. However, weather concerns are increasingly supporting prices. London white 
sugar prices have recovered from lows near $404 per ton in early 2026 to about $471 per ton by 
July 2026. While raw sugar prices remain subdued around 14-15 cents per pound. In Brazil, a 
stronger sugarcane harvest has increased ethanol production and lowered domestic ethanol 
prices. Although more cane is currently being directed towards ethanol rather than sugar. 
I will come now to the Indian scenario: 
In Sugar Year (SY) 2025-26, the latest estimates are as follows: Gross production is 31 MMT. 
Diversion towards ethanol is a little over 3 MMT. Domestic consumption is 28 MMT. Exports 
are 0.8 MMT and closing stocks likely at 4.2 MMT. For SY 2025-26, the net sugar production 
is about 28 MMT up from 26 MMT in the previous year. This has largely been supported by 
stronger output in both Maharashtra and Karnataka, partly offset by lower production in Uttar 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Pradesh. Domestic consumption as mentioned remains stable at 28 MMT while exports are at 
about 0.8 MMT. As mentioned, the closing stocks will also be about 4.2 MMT which is slightly 
lower than what was carried into the season. At the same time, sugar diversion to ethanol is about 
2.9 MMT supporting the government's E20 program. While there has been a lot said about E20 
program in the public domain, we expect that blend levels will remain at 20% for the foreseeable 
future. 
On the sugar front, the El Nino conditions which are prevailing in the country coupled with tight 
inventories and a very steady demand have pushed sugar prices upward. In the current month, 
sugar prices have moved well north of Rs. 45-Rs.46 per kg. We will need to wait and see if these 
hold. Perhaps once crushing starts, it is very likely that there may be some correction. 
I will now hand over to our CFO, Mr. Venkateshwarlu Y to take you through the operating 
performance of the company. 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Thank you, Muthu and good morning to all participants. It is a great pleasure to be part of the 
analyst call and share the key operational and financial performance of the company. 
I would like to take you through the key operating parameters of each segment: 
During the quarter, we operated the Tamil Nadu units for about 54 days during the quarter 
against 37 days in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. We crushed about 1.47 lakh 
metric tons (LMT) of cane against 2.12 LMT in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
As far as the gross recovery is concerned, we recovered 7.95% against 8.02% in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. We produced about 0.12 LMT of sugar during the 
quarter against 0.17 LMT in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Overall, cane landed 
cost is about Rs. 4,031 per MT as against Rs. 3,844 per MT in the corresponding quarter of the 
previous year. This increase is mainly on account of the FRP which has moved up in the current 
year, which is about Rs. 3,550. 
As far as the sales volume is concerned, we sold about 0.89 LMT of sugar against 0.56 LMT in 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Average sugar selling price was Rs. 40.02 against 
Rs. 40.97 in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. As far as the closing stock is 
concerned, we carry 1.1 LMT which is valued at about Rs. 42 as against 1.2 LMT in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. As far as the revenue is concerned, we achieved 
about Rs. 410 crores against Rs. 347 crores in the corresponding period of the previous year, an 
increase driven by the higher sales volume. So, all FRPs were paid as per timeline. 
As far as the co-gen operations are concerned, we generated 180 lakh units (LU) during the 
quarter as against 221 LU in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. As far as the power 
exports are concerned, we exported about 89 LU during the quarter as against 122 LU in the 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. As far as the power tariff is concerned, the average 
rate realized is Rs. 4.89 per unit during the quarter as against Rs. 3.67 per unit in the 
corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
As far as the power segment is concerned, we achieved about Rs. 6.6 crores during the quarter 
as against Rs. 7.53 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. As far as the 
distillery segment is concerned, we produced about Rs. 351 lakh liters (LL) during the quarter 
as against Rs. 412 LL in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. So, we sold about 380 
LL against 413 LL in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. Of these 380 LL, we sold 
about ENA 138 LL and ethanol 242 LL. 
As far as the price realization is concerned, the average price realization is at Rs. 63.49 per liter 
as against the average realization of Rs. 67.59 per liter in the corresponding period of the 
previous year. 
As far as Nutra is concerned, we achieved about Rs. 6.22 crores in the current quarter as against 
Rs. 6 crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. At a consolidated level, the 
turnover was about Rs. 61 crores as against the previous year’s corresponding quarter of about 
Rs. 27 crores.  
As far as CPG is concerned, we achieved a turnover of about Rs. 94 crores against the Rs. 188 
crores in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. 
As far as the PSRIPL refinery closure status is concerned, we had updated in the last analyst call 
that communication has been sent to all the statutory authorities about the closure and cessation 
of operations of the unit. 
All bank liabilities are fully settled. As on date, there are no bank dues as far as PSRIPL is 
concerned. As far as the aspects relating to the SEZ unit exit, we received an in-principle letter 
around April 20, 2026, and we are in the process of debonding the entire unit and that is in the 
process. We are expected to close by September 30, 2026. As far as the funding is concerned, as 
approved by the Board, Rs. 610 crores have been infused into the PSRIPL to settle all the bank 
obligations, which has been closed. As far as the liquidation of plant and machinery is concerned, 
which is in progress, subject to the approval of the SEZ unit and denotification of the entire site. 
This is the update for Q1. 
Thanks everyone. The floor is now open for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Sanjay Shah from KSA Securities. Please proceed. 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Sanjay Shah: 
Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question was regarding 
our consumer product division. Sir, revenue fell from Rs. 187 crores, but the loss narrowed 
down. So when do you expect CPG to reach quarterly breakeven? And if you could highlight 
upon or elaborate something to understand about our evaluating into that ethnic snacks and 
culinary convenience? Is it organic launches or is it through acquisition? And third, in the same 
division, regarding your new jaggery plant commissioning? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Sanjay, very good morning. Thank you for your question. Yes, the CPG division revenue has 
fallen significantly. This has been on account of a recalibration of the model. So this is 
intentional. Our contribution margin pool, the absolute margin pool, however, has grown very 
well as we have focused on more margin accretive products and a margin accretive operating 
model into the market. In terms of a quarterly breakeven for this business, we are working 
towards another 4 or 5 quarters. We should have a quarterly breakeven on this business. That is 
how we designed the new operating model. The newer categories which we are exploring, at this 
point in time, is still under exploration. We could look at this both organically as well as 
inorganically. We are exploring both alternatives. And I think you had also asked about the 
jaggery plant. The plant will be commissioned in 6 months' time. It is coming up in Karnataka. 
It will more than double our current jaggery capacity. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So what do we expect from jaggery turnover and margins from that side? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Jaggery, again, margins are substantially better than white sugar. White sugar, of course, there 
are commodity margins. We command a premium. Jaggery margins are substantially better. 
They are more akin to gross margins you would see in food products. In terms of the turnover, 
once we have both plants running, we should be able to do closer to Rs. 100 crores in terms of 
turnover, just from both of these plants, in terms of the quantum of jaggery you would get. 
Sanjay Shah: 
So sir, should we expect CPG revenue to remain lower, but with materially lower losses? Or can 
both revenue and margins recover from H2? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
I think, if you look at the history of the CPG segment we have had, last year was about Rs. 600-
Rs. 650 crores, I think, in terms of revenue. The year prior to that was Rs. 800, in fact. We can 
expect revenues to remain lower, but yes, the margins – 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, please stay connected. The management's line has been dropped.  
Ladies and gentlemen, we have the management connected. Yes, sir, you may proceed. 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Yes, I think we just answered Sanjay's questions. Sanjay, have I clarified all of your queries? 
Sanjay Shah: 
Yes, this was much on the first question regarding CPG, consumer product business. Now, my 
next question is regarding Nutraceuticals. Sir, how much growth is from US Nutra Valensa 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
versus India? And what EBITDA and PBIT margin can Nutraceuticals reasonably achieve once 
scales normalize? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Yes. So Sanjay, the growth is largely coming through from the Valensa business. There have 
been some new product launches there. And I think some of our existing segments also are doing 
well. That has driven the growth. From an EBITDA margin perspective, steady state is likely 
between 12% and 15%. 
Sanjay Shah: 
Sir, my last question was regarding how we look beyond seasonal Q1 weakness. What are the 
three-four financial KPIs, the key performance indicators, by March ‘27 that Management itself 
will use to judge whether a disciplined approach, what we have accepted in the last few quarters, 
is now going successful? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Sanjay, Venkat here. As far as the financial KPIs are concerned, we are more looking at efficient 
working capital. And, we are working on how we leverage the debt cost. Also, as of date, we 
have about Rs. 150 crores of long-term debt, about Rs. 800-Rs. 900 crores of the short-term debt. 
We are also closely working towards the monetization of all non-performing assets or something 
to bring the cash pool into the business so that the debt levels will be lower. And also, we wanted 
to improve the current ratios for the business. We are working towards the efficiencies. On the 
operational side also, we are working on the efficiencies. And also, we are working on the cost 
reduction programs across all the businesses so that we can have the leverage on the current 
balance sheet. We are also trying to strengthen the balance sheet by March ‘27 and March ‘28. 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Yes, Sanjay, just to add, I think Venkat has articulated it well. Those are the effort priority areas. 
We are certainly hoping to see a stronger balance sheet over the next 4-6 quarters. And I think 
this is the endeavor to tide over, precisely the seasonality element. I think apart from Venkat's 
articulation, I think even on the consumer product group, we have set out certain margin KPIs, 
which we are well on the path towards achieving. The 1st Quarter has been a good start. We still 
have some distance to go in FY '27. Those margin KPIs will enable us to get through that 
quarterly breakeven level in the next 4-5 quarters. 
Sanjay Shah: 
That is helpful to understand, sir. Thank you very much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gautam Dedhia from Nalanda Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
Hello. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Gautam Dedhia: 
Hi. Thanks for giving me the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand, on the Nutra division, 
now that things have stabilized, over the next 1-2 years, what kind of quarterly revenues can this 
be scaled up to? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
So Gautam, I think the growth on the Nutra front is largely coming through from Valensa. I 
think we will see that scale improving. I don't want to give any guidance particularly, but I think 
we are seeing an improving trajectory this year. I will say that we are perhaps going to do this 
year our highest ever revenue in Nutra, and I think consequently EBITDA will also be healthy. 
But I want to refrain from giving any number guidance. What is working at Valensa is an 
organization and management restructuring, and product development, which we have worked 
on over the last 2 or 3 years, is now coming into the market, particularly on the derm health, hair 
and skin health side, apart from some incumbent product categories also performing very 
strongly. So it is a good performance Q1. We are seeing the traction continuing. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
So this 12%-15% margin that you have indicated is contingent on you reaching a certain scale, 
or how does that work? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
We will have to build a bit more scale from the current levels. I think we can get to those margins 
at that point in time. In the India business, we are not really adding any capacity. It will likely 
remain at the same level. A more consistent order load there. We had some certification issues. 
The India business is only about 20% odd of the consolidated Nutra turnover, but we had some 
certification issues in Europe, not entirely our fault. In the past, those have been resolved. So 
that scale has to pick up a little bit more. But the lion's share does come from the US. And I think 
once both settle down is when we can get to these EBITDA margin levels. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
Secondly, on the consumer goods, when you say you want to breakeven in 4-5 quarters, what 
will be the drivers to that breakeven? Is it you achieving more scale on a quarterly basis, or like 
your value mix shifting more towards value-added? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Gautam that is a great question. And you also partly answered it. Yes, value mix shifting more 
towards value-added. I think you have seen that shift play out in Quarter 1. We will see more of 
that play out. I think adding new products, jaggery, brown sugar, etc., is a big area of focus. I 
think growing revenues there will contribute. I think distribution expansion, in the Southern 
market, we have a good organized trade presence. When I say organized trade, I mean online 
channels as well as modern channels, large format retail. The key now will be to build general 
trade distribution so that the business expands. I think these are really the KPIs which will really 
drive us towards that breakeven. Business expansion, distribution expansion, margin expansion, 
new products coming into the mix. This is what will drive. And I think this is a consumer 
business after all. The underlying bedrock of all of this is to strengthen brand equity. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
And just last question, can you just repeat what was the sugar inventory for the quarter and what 
was it valued at? 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
1.16 LMT Gautam. We are valuing at about Rs. 41.50. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from 360 ONE Capital. 
Please proceed. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Good morning, sir. How are you? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Very well, Rajesh. How are you? 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I had a few questions. The first one was on the inventory which you answered. Secondly, we are 
seeing some drop in the crushing from Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh which you highlighted 
in the notes. How do we read this feedstock availability? Do we see a lower crushing going on 
or do we see further restructuring in the business in Tamil Nadu? How do we read this in the 
sugar business? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
Good morning, Abdul Hakeem Ashiq here. Yes, the cane availability in TN and AP is a concern. 
But it is a macro concern. If you see, the industry is suffering from cane as farmers shift to more 
lucrative crops. There are some corrections within our organization that we take to make it more 
economically feasible to farmers which is an ongoing exercise. I think the government has also 
seized. We have seen recently some announcement on state support in Tamil Nadu for 
sugarcane. We keep ourselves fully aware of the situation and we keep evaluating the scenario 
and take appropriate actions in that direction. What we are currently doing is to ensure we run a 
tight ship in terms of costs in these 2 geographies so that we improve on our margins. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And will we see a lower crush for the company because of this reason in the sugar season 2026-
2027? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
In the current year, yes, probably there is going to be a flat or about a 5% drop in these 
geographies. 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
The only place, Rajesh, where we can make up is Karnataka. But I will say the back half, while 
we can cheer the rains in July and August, I think the rains in the back half of August and 
September are very critical to ensure that yields remain intact from the cane crop, particularly in 
Karnataka. Now, if the yields remain intact, then I think it is all set for a strong crushing season. 
It will be a crushing season which starts early as per what we are hearing from the authorities is 
given that sowing stocks are a little lower this year. But yes, the make-up can really only come 
from Karnataka as you articulated the cane volume in TN and AP is much lower. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, with the current increase in the cane price in TN and the lower recoveries and the 
problem thereof, does it make sense to continue in TN in terms of the sugar business anymore? 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
Because already you saw a few years ago, you had relocated one plant to Karnataka. Is there any 
further plans of any kind of further restructuring in the TN sugar business particularly? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
I think, Rajesh, Abdul Hakeem Ashiq had articulated, we discussed various measures of how we 
can be stronger on our operations, and I think those discussions continue. I think our macro focus 
is really around working capital cost and efficient operations. So I think we will really have to 
fall in line here in the coming quarters. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
My second question is on the refinery. We have seen some operations in this quarter. So will 
that continue into the second quarter or that will be not there at all in PSRIPL? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Rajesh, what you have seen in the operations is that basically there was a closing stock which 
was there on 31st March 2026. Those closing stocks have been liquidated. Other than that, there 
are no other operations as such. The operations have been ceased as on 31st March 2026. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. So, from Q2 it will be 0, PSRIPL? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Yes. There will be some period cost incurring as per the plan. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And secondly, can you make me understand this write-off and then the write-back because I 
want to understand the cash impact of this. Because you invested, you are saying Rs. 610 crores 
to meet the obligations of the subsidiary. But then again, you have taken a remeasurement of the 
financial guarantee and loans of Rs. 591 crores. So I understand that is non-cash. So I think the 
cash outgo will still be Rs. 610 crores? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Yes. Rajesh, your understanding is correct. First of all, let me clarify what is Rs. 610 crores and 
what is Rs. 591 crores. As on 31st March, being a 100% subsidiary, we have guaranteed all the 
loans of PSRIPL. Thereby, as a parent, we have to create a financial liability as far as PSRIPL 
is concerned. So that is where we have created a liability. But that does not mean that we have 
infused the money as on 31st March. The actual infusion has happened somewhere in April. 
That investment which we have put it as a part of the infusion, which is in line with the board 
approval as on 31st March. So, since the business ceased its operations, as per the accounting 
requirements, we have impaired that asset. At the same time, since all obligations are completed, 
we have remeasured the financial liabilities and we reversed that liability. So net impact for the 
quarter, is that Rs. 610 crores is the impairment, Rs. 591 crores is the reversal of the impairment, 
about Rs. 18 crores is the fresh impairment which we have done for the quarter. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
I understand the impairment part. I am trying to understand the cash part. The cash part is still 
outgo of Rs. 610 crores, right? 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Rs. 610 crores is already done. That is there in the public, Rajesh. Rs. 610 crores is already there. 
Over and above, we have also given Rs. 55 crores loan. Total Rs. 665 crores which we have 
infused during the current quarter to settle all the bank liabilities. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. You mentioned also Rs. 130 crores out of which you have given Rs. 55 crores. So balance 
Rs. 65 crores is also left, right? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Yes, you are right. Rs. 65 crores are left, but it will be over a period, based on the requirement. 
So, it is not that we will give Rs. 130 crores at one stage. Because Rs. 55 crores were required 
for Quarter 1, which we have given. If PSRIPL start generating any cash or something, then we 
will not be giving it. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And in terms of the assets, will we get any value out of selling the assets in that plant? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Yes. 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Yes, we will get cash out of selling the assets. Some of the prospecting is already going on. Of 
course, we have to get all of our clearances before we can start any dismantling. But we will get 
value. I wouldn't like to put a number to it. But I think that prospecting is certainly underway. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. And sir, after all this, what is the standalone debt as of 30th June? I am sorry, I missed the 
first part of the speech, may be you have mentioned? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
No. Rajesh, we are just saying that we are prospecting the sale of the assets. We can't really 
dismantle anything until all of our statutory clearances come through. And I think once that 
comes through, we would have also prospected and arrived at the plan to divest the physical 
assets, which we will do. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
No. I am asking what is the debt at the standalone level as of 30th June? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
30th June, about Rs. 980 crores as far as the short-term debt is concerned, Rajesh, about Rs. 150 
crores on account of long-term. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, actually this is just the 1st Quarter when there is no crushing. So actually, when the 
crushing starts, third and fourth quarters, this debt will again go up, the short-term debt, right? 
Is that a correct understanding? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Yes, because even if you look at it as on 31st March, our short-term debt was about Rs. 1,250 
crores. So now it has come down to Rs. 980 crores. So once the crushing starts, then because it 
is in quarter 2 also, then further it will reduce. Once the crushing starts, it will go up. The short-
term debt is linked to your working capital. 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Rajesh, to your point though, I think Venkat did articulate earlier in the call that we do have a 
ruthless focus on working capital. We expect to improve upon this position in the coming periods 
of time. To run Tamil Nadu distilleries, etc., we had to insource a lot of feedstock on account of 
low feedstock availability. We have taken certain calls on how much and when we import that 
feedstock. So we will be a bit more measured around that basis market condition. To that extent, 
I think this number will also improve in the coming periods of time. So while long-term debt 
certainly gets retired and we don't have too much of CAPEX plans which are imminent, short-
term debt also you will see an improved position as there is a conviction to better this position 
going forward. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And sir, employee costs have also shot up quite sharply from Rs. 51 odd crores to Rs. 59 crores 
for the quarter, Y-o-Y, I guess you are building capabilities for the CPG business. So how will 
we see the employee costs down the line? Is it going to be similar or higher as you build up the 
business? Some clarity on that? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Rajesh, they have gone up because of VSS which we have done. A lot of our legacy plants we 
are offering VSS. You will see more of that. This is being done with a longer term interest in 
mind. And overall bringing the fixed cost position down. The CPG capability building is not the 
reason for the employee costs going up. So this is taking legacy costs out. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
So this is a one-off in terms of the VSS which you have expensed? Is it correct? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
One-off in one plant. There is more that we intend to do. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. That is very useful. If I could sneak in a last question, in terms of a strategic point of view, 
how do we view E.I.D. Parry standalone, say 3-4 years down the line, what are the broad 
components or the contours of the business that is going to be shaping up over a period of time, 
if you could outline that? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
So Rajesh, the aspiration is to have a consistent EBITDA generation from the sugar and biofuels 
business. I think that is the core business. It is the mothership. As you know our operations in 
Karnataka are very strong. In fact, I would say we have industry leading metrics. The operations 
in the other states do lag us. We will work on cost and efficiency to fix and restructure this. I 
think you are seeing a broader climate of restructure in the company. We will work with 
conviction on this. The second piece is to of course grow the consumer product group business. 
You have seen a stronger, more focused operating performance in the last couple of months. Of 
course, while revenues have fallen, I think our margin pool has grown. Here, we articulated the 
KPIs which we are working with fairly clearly. Lastly, on Nutra as well, we are seeing a better 
performance on the Nutra segment. And I think this is in line with the strategies that we have 
written up. So that we have the right value creation at Nutra. So I think this is how we are looking 
at the EID standalone in the period to come, I guess in the near to medium term. 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajakumar Vaidyanathan from RK Investments. 
Please proceed. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, the first question is, given the current static 
ethanol prices and given the high sugar prices, does it make sense to produce more sugar than to 
convert the juice to ethanol? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
This is Abdul Hakeem Ashiq here. Yes, obviously it makes sense to produce more sugar at this 
current pricing. We evaluate our options of producing ethanol, ENA and sugar, from which 
feedstock is a constant review mechanism where we have, and we try to maximize our margins. 
But there is a base volume of sugar we should produce to take care of our customers. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: And on the inventory, you mentioned it is 1.6 lakh tons, right? That is the inventory that we are 
carrying? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
1.16. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: 1.16. Got it. 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
It is similar to what we had in the last year, same push. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Got it. Then the next question is on the Tamil Nadu sugar situation. So with the government 
announcing further incentive to increase the area under sugarcane cultivation, so just wanted to 
know whether it will have any significant impact or do you think it is more cosmetic benefit? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
I would be cautiously optimistic on that because it is a good increase that the government seems 
to have given. Obviously, it is incumbent on the farming community to evaluate. One of the 
challenges in Tamil Nadu is a rampant shift towards paddy in the last 6-7 years. Given various 
reasons why paddy is better for a farmer, it is completely mechanized and there are 3 cycles of 
planting the farmer does. And so the farming community would evaluate both the crops and treat 
it on merit. Initial feedback from the farming community has been optimistic is what I would 
say. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: And this will not improve, will it weaken the working capital? Because I don't know what is the 
framework of providing the incentive. Will the government give directly to the farmers or just 
want to know what is the impact on the working capital? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
There is no impact on working capital. There is a direct benefit transfer from the government to 
the farmer account. We play a facilitating role. At the end of the season, we give the farmer 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
details, etc., to the government. It is fairly efficient. It will not have any impact on the company's 
working capital. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Good. So this last question, given the higher sugar prices and given Tamil Nadu provides harvest 
twice a year. So just wanted to know, are you doing any early crushing in Tamil Nadu sugar 
mill? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
Tamil Nadu Sugar Mills, we are currently crushing and we will continue to crush. There is an 
opportunity to pre-draw from the main season to leverage the pricing advantage. We will 
evaluate at the end of the crushing season depending on the maturity of the crop. So the trade-
off is between how mature the crop is and is it ready for crushing. We will take a calculative call 
of that. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: So what you are saying is there could be a lower recovery, but it will be compensated by higher 
prices. Is that what you are saying? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
In this business, recovery is the key parameter. Our principle is not to try and compromise 
recovery for crush volume. I think it is better to crush at the right time depending on the maturity 
of the crop. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Sorry to label on that point. So my question is, will you compromise on the recovery given that 
the higher prices are prevailing? Because if you are going to crush earlier, so even if there is a 
small reduction in recovery, you would be okay to compromise on that? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
We would not want to do that in Tamil Nadu because it is already a low recovery zone. What I 
meant on pre-draw is we will test the plants and crops. We have our field teams which pick up 
the sugar content in the crops and the maturity of the crops based on the age. If there is an 
opportunity, we will leverage that. But at no stage if we have reasonable technical knowledge to 
see that the recovery may not be commensurate, we will not pre-draw. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Got it. Last question is on the corporate structure. Currently, we are holding Coromandel as a 
subsidiary. Are there any plans to rework on the structure? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
At this point in time, there is no such discussion. 
Rajakumar Vaidyanathan: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. Please 
proceed. 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Hi, sir. I just want to know about the way sugarcane prices have gone up now in Tamil Nadu 
specifically, so this is I think if I am not wrong, is it the incentive which has been given by the 
government or the entire cost has to be borne by the company? 
Abdul Hakeem Ashiq: 
The current sugar price increase has no link with the sugarcane pricing. Because the sugarcane 
pricing just got announced in the TN budget about a week, 10 days back. There is no impact for 
the company on this because it is a direct benefit transfer from the government to the farmers. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Right, sir. Secondly, the way the sugar prices have moved up, I think as you mentioned also, 
probably it makes more sense to make sugar rather than ethanol. So given the kind of fungibility 
we have, how much ethanol volumes we can do from C-heavy plus grains? So what would be 
the impact on the ethanol volumes? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
582 KLPD is our capacity, which is roughly about Rs. 18 crore liters, out of which about 120 
KLPD is our grain capacity. In terms of switching between ethanol and sugar that is an evaluated 
call we have to take depending on the margin profit. 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
And Sanjay, we must keep in mind the committed volumes to the OMC, if you are not able to 
supply, there will be a penalty for each liter which we are not supplying. So, when you are 
evaluating it, we must take into consideration the commitment we have given to the OMC. 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Right, sir. Understood. Thank you, thank you very much, sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gautam Dedhia from Nalanda Securities. Please 
proceed. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
Hi, thanks for the follow-up. I just have one question. I think in the beginning of the call, you 
mentioned you are looking to dispose of some non-core assets to reduce debt. So can you just 
highlight what these assets are and what would be the quantum? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
Basically, these are some of the land parcels which we are trying to dispose of, and it is not 
relating to any of the operations. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
And any quantum that you can highlight? 
Venkateshwarlu Y: 
No. As of now, no Gautam.  
Gautam Dedhia: 
And any timelines? 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
We expect to do something in FY '27. We are working on it. 
Gautam Dedhia: 
Thank you. 

 
E.I.D.- Parry (India) Limited 
August 13, 2026 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to the management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Muthiah Murugappan: 
Thank you all for logging into this call. We look forward to seeing you again at the end of the 
next quarter. Thank you and take care. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DAM Capital Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
