REGISTERED OFFICE: 
 
AJAX ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(formerly known as Ajax Engineering Private Limited) 
  
CIN: L28245KA1992PLC013306 
 
#253/1, 11 Main, Phase III, Peenya Industrial Area, 
 
Bengaluru – 560 058, Karnataka, India. 
 
T: +91 80 67200082/83  Toll Free No.: 1-800-419-0628 
 
E: customercare@ajax-engg.com  www.ajax-engg.com 
 
 
 
Date: August 13, 2026  
To,  
BSE Limited,  
20th Floor, P.J. Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 544356 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE Scrip Symbol: AJAXENGG 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on August 6, 2026. 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the 
transcript of the conference call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors on Thursday, 
August 6, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (IST), on the financial results of the Company for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026.  
 
The audio recording and transcript of the presentation are available on the website of the 
Company at https://www.ajax-engg.com/investor-relations under corporate announcement.  
 
Kindly take the same in your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Ajax Engineering Limited  
(Formerly known as Ajax Engineering Private Limited) 
 
 
______________________ 
Shruti Vishwanath Shetty  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A33617  
 
 
 
 
 
 
SHRUTI 
VISHWANAT
H SHETTY
Digitally signed by 
SHRUTI VISHWANATH 
SHETTY 
Date: 2026.08.13 
10:54:59 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“AJAX Engineering Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2026 
    
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of any discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on 
the stock exchanges on 06th August 2026 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHUBHABRATA SAHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – AJAX 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MR. KETAN PENDSE – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AJAX ENGINEERING LIMITED 
SGA – INVESTOR RELATIONS – AJAX ENGINEERING 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call of 
AJAX Engineering Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to point out this conference call may contain forward-looking 
statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the 
company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance 
and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Shubhabrata Saha, Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of AJAX Engineering Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. Good morning and a warm welcome to everyone to the Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call of AJAX Engineering Limited. Before we begin, I’m delighted to welcome Mr. 
Ketan Pendse, who joined AJAX as our Chief Financial Officer in June 2026. Ketan brings over 
two decades of industry experience and we’re confident that his expertise and leadership will 
play a valuable role in driving AJAX’s growth and success. Welcome aboard, Ketan. 
 
We also have SGA, our investor relations partner, on the call. We have uploaded our financial 
results, press release and investor presentation on the stock exchanges and our website. I hope 
everybody has had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 
The infrastructure sector is a key driver of India’s economic growth, supported by government 
investments in highways, railways, power, irrigation, rural roads, rural infrastructure, etc. 
Initiatives such as the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana and the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana 
have improved rural connectivity and housing access, while driving demand for construction 
equipment. Backed by the government’s longer-term focus and the requirement for 
infrastructure development, we remain confident of the long-term growth prospects for the 
concrete industry and in turn for AJAX. 
 
Having said that, despite the healthy longer-term outlook, the infrastructure sector in the country 
has and continues to face certain near-term challenges. While we’ve had a seasonal uptick in 
primary volumes during the preceding quarter, that is FY26 Q4, the road bumps encountered 
over the last year or so in terms of actual government spending on infrastructure projects 
remaining well below the budgeted allocations, resulting in the slower-than-expected pace of 
project execution across the country, have broadly remained in place during Q1 of this year as 
well. 
 
Contractors continue to experience delays in payments from some of the specific state 
governments, leading to cash flow constraints that dampen sentiments and reduce their appetite 
to place new orders and undertake fresh investments in equipment. Amidst these headwinds, we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 3 of 18 
 
have remained focused on our three value, disciplines namely customer intimacy, product 
leadership, and operational excellence. We have strengthened our customer intimacy through 
sustained engagement, a deep understanding of evolving customer needs, robust after-sales 
support and service excellence. 
 
We remain committed to product leadership. Continuous customer feedback, rigorous quality 
standards, and extensive field testing have enabled us to maintain superior quality, supporting 
our ability to command a premium over our peers. Finally, our focus on operational excellence 
remains unwavering. We continue to invest in design and engineering, building a robust supply 
chain, operating a lean and agile manufacturing footprint and maintaining a disciplined approach 
to cash flows and working capital management. 
 
These four principles and the strength of our strategic [Inaudible 0:04:13] have been particularly 
evident in the current challenging operating environment. Our disciplined execution, prudent 
decision-making, agility and relentless focus on operational excellence have enabled us to 
strengthen our competitive position. 
 
Our SLCM and retail market share expanded to 75.1% during Q1 FY27, increasing from about 
69% in Q1 FY26 and 73.5% during the full year FY26. Importantly, this increase in market share 
was achieved despite the price premium of our machines versus our peers. Our performance in 
Q1 is a testament to the strength of the AJAX brand, our disciplined execution, our product 
quality, the depth and reach of our distribution network and the trust that customers continue to 
place in our products, technology, service capabilities, and the overall value proposition. 
While Q2 is expected to remain seasonally soft, we expect customer sentiment and demand 
momentum to improve as we head into the second half of the year. As we highlighted previously, 
nearly 60% of our revenue is typically generated in H2. Accordingly, our business is best 
assessed from an annualized multi-year perspective. 
Towards the latter part of Q1, we saw direct material costs inching upwards owing to increase 
in fuel and steel prices. In anticipation of these cost pressures, we had initiated several internal 
cost optimization measures that were originally planned for implementation in the latter part of 
the year. 
Given the evolving input cost environment, we continue to put accelerated efforts on these 
initiatives, including preponement wherever possible to mitigate the impact. We are working 
very closely with our suppliers on both the timing and the extent of the cost increases. 
Following the price increases of about 2% that we took in Q4 FY26, we are also evaluating 
another price hike which will be implemented in a calibrated manner, with the timing and 
quantum to be determined based on the prevailing market environment.  
We have also continued to address white spaces in our portfolio. The UDAAN series is scaling 
up reasonably well. We have seen some good traction for UDAAN in Q1. We plan to drive 
market activation initiatives such as demos and customer meetings to drive home the value 
proposition of UDAAN in its targeted application segment. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 4 of 18 
 
We continue to drive process centricity on both coverage and conversion at dealerships to impact 
market share. We are planning to launch the new ARGO 4000 in Q2 FY27, which fills an 
important gap in our portfolio and further strengthens our product offering and value proposition. 
We are making encouraging progress in strengthening our non-SLCM business, building on the 
B2B channel initiatives introduced last year 
We are actively pursuing multiple customer engagements and potential contracts, several of 
which are progressing well. We expect these efforts to start translating into meaningful business 
wins over the next two or three quarters. 
During the quarter, concrete pumps delivered strong growth driven by healthy market 
acceptance and improved execution. Supported by a comprehensive portfolio and B2B 
distribution channel initiatives, we expect this positive momentum in the non-SLCM business 
to continue.  
The spares and services business remains a significant opportunity for us and we continue to 
sharpen our efforts in this segment. Backed by a growing installed base, we see potential to 
expand. As an example in the near term, we are focusing on significantly increasing the share of 
AMCs. A slew of initiatives to improve the sales of spares and services business in the overall 
business is simultaneously also being planned. 
Exports represent another growth driver for AJAX. During the quarter, we exported our first 
slip-form paver. We are witnessing an encouraging traction and growing customer interest 
across regions such as Africa and Southeast Asia, supported by the strength of our portfolio and 
the value proposition. While exports currently contribute a small portion of our overall revenue, 
we see good headroom for growth. 
To drive greater operational agility and execution, we streamlined our org structure by bringing 
all manufacturing under a single leader. The head of our Obadenahalli plant now oversees 
procurement and supply chain, while services and the spares functions have been aligned with 
strategy and product planning to further strengthen customer excellence. 
The headwinds we are currently facing are inherent to the industry. AJAX has consistently 
demonstrated its resilience and ability to successfully navigate transitions, emerging stronger 
each time. This is reflected in our track record with a decadal mid-to-high teens CAGR 
trajectory, underpinned by disciplined execution, operational agility, prudent financial 
management and a resilient business model. 
We remain confident that these strengths will continue to help us navigate the current 
environment while positioning us for sustained long-term growth with an unwavering focus on 
execution excellence, operational discipline and financial prudence. 
Irrespective of the external environment, our approach remains measured and long-term, 
ensuring that we continue to strengthen the resilience, stability and durability of our business. 
Our ability to respond proactively to evolving market dynamics while remaining firmly anchored 
to our strategic priorities have enabled us to navigate the current environment and will continue 
to drive us in the years ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 5 of 18 
 
We continue to place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation and disciplined working capital 
management. Our return ratios have remained healthy, reflecting the quality of our business and 
prudent capital allocation. Our balance sheet continues to be a key source of strength with cash 
balance exceeding INR1,100 crores as of June 2026, providing us with ample flexibility to 
pursue future growth opportunities, including inorganic opportunities. 
As we move forward, we remain committed to enhancing operational excellence, driving 
sustainable and profitable growth and creating long-term value. 
With that, I would now hand the call over to Ketan to take you through the financial performance 
for the quarter. Thank you. Over to you, Ketan. 
Ketan Phanse: 
Thank you, Shubho. Firstly, I am glad to be on board at AJAX and looking forward to partner 
and help steer the business through a challenging operating environment. 
Coming to the financial performance for Q1 FY27, total revenue for the quarter stood at INR475 
crores, registering a growth at 1.7% over Q1 FY26. SLCM revenue for Q1 FY27 stood at 
INR388 crores, growing marginally over Q1 FY26. This was supported by a favorable product 
mix and the benefit from the price increase taken in Q4 of FY26. Non-SLCM revenue in Q1 
FY27 stood at around INR48 crores, growing by 6.4% year-on-year led by healthy growth in the 
pumps segment. 
Spares and services revenue grew by 6.2% year-on-year to reach INR39 crores in Q1 FY27. 
Lower volumes during the quarter compared to the same quarter last year led to adverse 
operating leverage. EBITDA for Q1 FY27 stood at INR59 crores compared to INR61 crores in 
Q1 FY26. 
EBITDA margin for the quarter dropped by 70 basis points and came in at 12.5%. Profit after 
tax for Q1 '27 stood at INR55.6 crores, growing by 5% year-on-year. 
With that, I would now like to open the call for questions. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Good morning, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and welcoming Ketan sir. My questions are 
on demand. Firstly, can you provide some inputs upon state-wise performance and outlook? If I 
look at the Vahan data for April to July period, Gujarat, UP, Rajasthan, Odisha, Andhra have 
done well. With regards to these states and also other large states, how do you see the demand 
improvement on a full-year basis? 
Shubhabrata Saha  
Thanks, Raghu. Let me take this question first. I think before we jump into that, I think it's 
important to mention that Q1 FY27, we deliver a market share of 75.1% and a large part of the 
market share is because many of our top 10 states have grown and done well. 
The same market share in the same period, whether it's fully comparable or not because last year 
in the same quarter, we were in a state of CEV 5, though AJAX's sale in the first quarter was 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 6 of 18 
 
close to about 90% CEV 5 whereas the competition was trying to sell their old CEV 4 inventory 
and hence because of the pressure, there were obviously some price implications. 
The important thing, Raghu, what you would have noticed that the industry registrations in this 
quarter came down by 27% and AJAX was down 21%. So clearly speaking, the registration 
levels have been lower in the quarter. I think what has worked for us is better lead management, 
the stability of the CEV 5 models ahead of time, and also very strong service factors that we've 
seen. 
We have also seen that some of the key players have lost some share. For example, the second 
ranked player has lost share by about 4% during the quarter purely by about 0.7% and there are 
some gainers like Conmat and Venus. 
Now jumping to your question around the state scenario. Maharashtra and MP traditionally are 
large states from a business point of view and these were the traditional 2 series states, which is 
the ARGO 2 series states. If you see our business volumes in Maharashtra, Maharashtra's a state 
has declined but our market share has improved. MP also, there is a significant decline in terms 
of the volumes, it’s close to about 50% decline in terms of volumes but again our market share 
has improved. 
We look at Karnataka, I think and let me also speak about a few states where there is an overall 
decline there. So for example, UP has dropped about 7%, Rajasthan about 21%, Odisha, CG at 
about 11% and Delhi, Haryana about 8%. But the key states where we have registered high share 
growth include Maharashtra , Karnataka is at about 85%, MP at about 80%. You have Gujarat 
at about 82%. The same Gujarat as you mentioned correctly has seen good traction. 
We have seen a 40% increase in volumes in Gujarat. Our market shares have moved up from 
about 71% last year to about 82%. UP, we have seen similar kind of market shares as last year. 
Rajasthan, our market share is improved from 66% to 86% despite our volumes coming down 
by about 21% and if you look at Odisha, our market share is up from 61% to 88%.  
So I think in terms of the overall opportunity size, Raghu, as you were talking about the demand 
scenario, this industry operates on an H1-H2 at a 40-60 level. Our anticipation, I will break it up 
into a few groups. The groups which where we see growth happening and potentially growth in 
the future are the states of clearly Gujarat. Gujarat is leading the way and we do not anticipate 
any significant shift there and I will talk a little bit about why those things are happening. 
UP, there is obviously an election ahead of us. Hopefully that will lead to some amount of 
traction in terms of growth. We anticipate that Rajasthan, sorry Odisha will continue to grow. 
We anticipate that AP, given the quantum of projects and the directions that at the state and 
central level is working towards, will see some growth. 
In Karnataka, which is kind of home state, we have seen some good traction after the political 
changes that have happened and we anticipate that most of it is likely to continue. Whether we 
see any specific green shoots in the states of Maharashtra and MP, which are high-volume states, 
I do not think so at this point in time and we will have to wait and watch as to how the second 
half of the year kind of pans out. So that would be a broad direction around some of the states. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 7 of 18 
 
As far as applications are concerned, which is very important to contextualize, three or four 
things I will call out. The first is that we've seen some trend whereas in case of PCMC and also 
the AMC, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation, they have stopped operations of batching 
plants resulting in both the requirements and the demand for SLCMs in these specific markets 
going up a little. 
Rentals have gone up, particularly Gujarat and Maharashtra, we see some rentals of these 
products going up. 
Now as far as Gujarat is concerned, between Surat to Daman in South Gujarat and in Saurashtra 
between Rajkot and Jamnagar region, we are witnessing fair amount of work pertaining to 
warehousing and industrial foundations and a lot of this is a resultant of the conversion of 
agricultural land into commercial land leading to some of these changes that is happening. 
We are witnessing something very similar in AP, some parts in Telangana and in Rajasthan some 
amount of work has been initiated by SIDCO, which hopefully will start providing some results 
though the business volumes have come down 21%, we have improved share. 
In case of Karnataka, the corridors of Mysore, Hubli, Dharwad, and Kalaburagi are areas where 
we are witnessing something very similar where the smaller establishments putting foundation 
for warehousing and industrial work is coming into play. 
In MP, the Ujjain-Indore metropolitan region is seeing some traction. Having said that, in terms 
of pure applications, I think the traditional applications of irrigation and some of these areas are 
muted. Railway, bridgeworks, power, all generally muted. 
But what we have seen interestingly from last year is that urban infra and building-related work, 
which is both commercial and residential and some part government, are largely private sector 
led and we've seen some decent movement upwards, particularly in the urban infra, which 
currently in terms of application constitutes anywhere in the range of about 15% to 20%. 
Similarly in the case of buildings, in the range of about 10% to15%. 
So this number, which could have been in the range of about 15% to 20%, has reached towards 
the 35% to 40% mark, offsetting the risk that could have been there particularly from the 
traditional government-related aspects. 
While roads continues to have a larger volume share of the business from an SLCM's perspective 
but I think the government impetus in terms of both rural roads and similar connectivity has not 
generally been very aggressive, though at this point in time road constitutes about 40% to 43% 
in terms of the application from our customers. 
And urban infra and building in the range of about 35% to 40%. So that's about 75% to 80% of 
the broad business. I hope I have been able to cover most of the spaces, Raghu. If I missed out 
something, please do remind me. Happy to respond. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you very much for the comprehensive answer. This is very helpful again. 
Sir, continuing on the demand side, on the non-SLCM, can you share the volume for Q1 and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 8 of 18 
 
also you alluded that you are seeing the better outlook on a full-year basis? If you can expand 
on that and any new products in non-SLCM which you want to highlight? 
Shubhabrata Saha:  
No, I think as far as new products is concerned, Raghu, I think we have the entire portfolio 
covered in terms of the batching plants, in terms of our boom pumps, in terms of our boom 
placers and also in terms of our concrete pumps. Here the question and the context is more about 
driving execution. I think if you look at it, our business volumes in Q1 FY27 is about 129 
machines against the Q1 FY26 of about 153 odd machines. 
Now this number may look a little lesser but interestingly what has happened is that towards the 
end of June, because of rainfall in certain specific markets, particularly in batching plants and in 
the case of boom pumps, some shift has happened and this has meant that sometime in August-
September, some of these recoveries are likely to take place. That is the first part. 
The second bit is related to the fact that there are some key customer wins which we did not see 
as much coming in the past and the B2B team has been able to open some doors. For example, 
large players like Ultratech, JSW, ACC, J. Kumar, where either where we were not present or 
not present for quite a long period of time. I think these are some of the initiatives that we are 
doing. 
We have seen some very good movement in the case of concrete pumps vis-a-vis last year and 
a lot of it is also to do with some of our dealers starting to participate in these areas. Given the 
fact and finally I will call this out, that some of our larger dealers, given the fact that our overall 
volumes in the first quarter for SLCMs have been lower, they also want to take a larger share of 
the pie in terms of opportunities in their local markets. 
Since I have visited quite a few of our larger dealers, it seems to me that there is a general and 
genuine interest coming from them because this will also help them to take a larger share of the 
pie. I hope that satisfactorily responded. If there is any question related to this, happy to take it 
up. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, thank you again, sir. That's very helpful again. Lastly, before I fall back to the queue, 
would you share the export share of revenue in the quarter? It should have gone up because of 
the sale of paver and how do you see the export outlook on a full-year basis? Or if you take one, 
two, three years, how do you see that scaling up? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Sure. So I think 9% is the share of the export revenue in FY27 Q1, obviously as you alluded to 
on the sale of pavers. I think we've seen some good traction, Raghu. I think one of the drivers of 
our growth in the future has to be driven by exports. Even in this quarter, the shipments have 
improved. Obviously, the question of revenue recognition etc, will come into play. I will just 
call out a few things. 
The first is that in the next few years, our emphasis and focus on certain key markets will 
continue to remain. Algeria, Morocco and Nigeria currently constitutes about 38% of our 
shipments that have been done. These are markets where we are witnessing repeat buying 
happening, particularly in the SLCM portfolio. In Nigeria, we have seen even batching plants 
by volume. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Currently we see SLCMs about 65% to 35% on non-SLCMs, which is a reasonably good mix to 
have to begin with. We have also been able to take some price increases there. 
We anticipate that in the next three years, I think our business should  continue to grow at a 30% 
CAGR, if not more, driven by some of the distribution arrangements, availability of the products, 
maybe sell a few more pavers into certain markets, grow certain some of our strategic markets 
and so on and so forth. 
That's the way I would see it at this point in time, Raghu. We will obviously not take any risks 
as far as country risk is concerned or currency risk is concerned and be prudent about how we 
manage our operations in exports. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Wonderful to hear that, sir, and wishing all the best. I will fall back to the queue. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Prolin Nandu from Edelweiss Public 
Alternates. Please go ahead. 
Prolin Nandu:  
Yes, hi team. Thank you for taking my question. Just one question I had was on the non-SLCM 
revenue. While in the opening remarks you said that you have high hopes on this in this year, 
how should one quantify it, right, given the fact that we are starting from a smaller base? 
And you also talked about some rains in June, right, but how was the growth in first two months 
and you know what is the number since we are starting with the low base and the whole idea 
was to, you know, diversify our portfolio and help us navigate whatever challenges we are going 
through SLCM? Is it fair that you know at least 20%, 30% growth in this segment is something 
which we should be targeting? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Hi Prolin, I could not understand the last part of your question. 
Prolin Nandu: 
No, so I will repeat. I was saying that, in first quarter in non-SLCM, we have had a 6% to 7% 
growth and you mentioned that the full year should be quite healthy and there were some rains 
in June as well which delayed the orders. So my question to you is that, how was the growth in 
first two months? 
And given that we are starting off from a smaller base and the whole idea of getting into this 
was, help us navigate or diversify our product portfolio. So that, some of the headwinds that we 
are facing on the demand side in SLCM can be compensated by non-SLCM portfolio. What is 
the growth number that you will be satisfied with at the end of the year in non-SLCM segment? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Prolin, I think thanks for your question and I have understood it. I think the second part that you 
mentioned is a fairly significant assumption, and that assumption I do not think we have 
mentioned that it's one versus the other, right? So I think the first and foremost thing is that a 
proportion of some of the infrastructure-led projects is an outcome of government spending both 
at the state and the center, right, the large infra projects etc.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 10 of 18 
 
And given the fact that some of these things have been muted and many of the contractors have 
not been able to receive funds, obviously for a player like us, as I have cleared this out even 
earlier that we are not playing the price game, we would rather play the installation game even 
if it means that it is a little tougher to do. And we have resisted ourselves from getting into that 
space. 
Having said that, I think we would be happy if we are able to drive the non-SLCM business on 
a lower base to a decent number of about 10%-15% growth over the previous year. If we are 
able to do that at this point in time, though we anticipate that the second half of the year could 
be a little bit better than the first half of the year. 
Prolin Nandu: 
That’s it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Parth Thakkar from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, we see that the SLCM volumes have been flat in this quarter 
and with seasonally 2Q, how do we expect the volume growth for full FY27? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think as I have stated earlier in the past in my interactions as well, the business has to be looked 
not on a quarter-to-quarter basis but if we look at it more from an annualized perspective within 
this business as I have explained ad nauseam that there is a 40-60 between H1 and H2. 
We are hopeful that H2 will bring about some shift and change. But having said that, there are 
challenges that are there on the horizon, particularly on the margin front given the fact that the 
geopolitical environment around us and the implication of that in terms of commodity costs, in 
terms of currency, I think they are not going to go away anytime soon. 
So I think it will be meaningful for us to look at initiatives both in terms of being able to drive 
the volume growth and ensure that we maintain market share as I have indicated by the state-
wise breakup of the shares of business. 
It is very clear that while we try and endeavor that the pound  improves, but stimulus towards 
the pound is currently not there and in order to be able to make a breakthrough in that zone, I 
think we have been able to proactively drive the opportunity particularly in the building and 
infra where there are some private players there. 
We will continue to focus on exports, we'll continue to focus on spare parts and all of this will 
help us to make sure that we're able to drive the business volumes as we go forward and the 
margins. So that's the way I look at it at this point in time. I think, if you look at for the full year, 
we’ll wait it out and I think the second half of the year hopefully will augur for better results and 
that will help us to project a better volume. I think it's too early for us to make a call on the full-
year numbers at this stage. 
Parth Thakkar: 
My next okay, thank you for this. My next question, sir, how is the response on UDAAN and 
what would be our volumes for Q1 and YTD till now, how much have we sold? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So, I think UDAAN is gaining reasonable traction despite the headwinds in the environment 
around us. In the first quarter, I think we did some 121 numbers for UDAAN and I think that 
showed up the overall volume for the SLCM category as such to almost the same as last year in 
the first quarter. I think last month, I think, we've seen good traction again, about 35-40 numbers 
have happened last month. 
We anticipate that this trend is likely to continue as distribution expands. As I mentioned, our 
job would be to ensure that we do continuous demos, drive the value proposition along with our 
customers during our customer meets, and so on and so forth, that becomes an important part of 
gaining traction in this business. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Do you have the number handy till its inception; how many units have we sold? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
So last year we sold some 202 units, this year in the first quarter about 121 units and if you add 
the June, July numbers, it will be close to about 35-37 numbers. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Those are my questions. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shubham Borade from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shubham Borade: 
Good morning, and thank you for getting my question. My question is given the strong cash 
position we have as of June 26, so are we seeking inorganic opportunities aggressively in next 
few quarters? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Shubham, I think this context of pursuing inorganic opportunities as part core to our strategy 
and I can say that we're aggressively pursuing the same, and we would be in a position to come 
back to you as and when I'm very clear about where we've gone. So, we remain committed to 
making sure that the cash gets utilized in a prudent manner and that gives us good returns. As 
I've also indicated in the past, what we will not do is as clear to us as what we will do and hence 
we are pursuing the same in light of the guardrails that we have given ourselves. 
Shubham Borade: 
Okay. That was from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raashi from Citi Group. Please go ahead. 
Raashi: 
Thank you. Just a slightly broad-based question. So, you mentioned in the release that the second 
half should likely be better than the first half. But how do we, I mean, just putting a few points 
together that there's no real sort of predictability on what the volumes are going to be, one. 
Second is that I would imagine that the steel price pressure has already kicked in, in the first 
quarter and you took the price increase in the fourth quarter, but there was no subsequent price 
increase the first quarter. So, is it going to be challenging to take that price increase going 
forward and lastly is how do your account for your steel, I mean, how does the steel pricing work 
for you is spot, is it contract? Three questions, please. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes sure. So, Raashi, let me put them down in either the same order or any order that you want. 
I think as far as business volumes are concerned, I think AJAX is committed to ensuring that its 
market share is protected, right? I think there is an influence of government spending on the 
business and hopefully the second half of the year will augur well for all given the fact that the 
rainfall, which was likely to be far more muted, hasn't been as bad as that. 
What was being spoken about as deficient is likely to be either below normal or very close to 
normal. I think these are some important factors to consider given that that would have played 
an important role in terms of rural cash flows as also the government spending particularly 
related to non-agricultural opportunities. I hope that persists and I think by August-September, 
mid of September, we would be having a much clearer view on how these things will pan out 
because that would have also had a falling at immediate impact on potential interest rates and 
also inflationary trends. 
I think given the fact that that may not happen to the extent that what was being thought of, could 
potentially have a better outlook in terms of how we see the industry going through. Very 
difficult to call at this point in time but given the fact that there is a state election in UP which 
could actually provide us some quick fillip. 
I think there are certain states like Gujarat, we've spoken about, Odisha, we’ve spoken about, 
states like Karnataka coming back, we’ve spoken about AP coming back a little bit and hopefully 
that will also get into Telangana. I think some of these facets will hopefully drive the potential 
revenues. 
The second bit of the question that you had was related to your pricing context. I think I've made 
a statement during my speech, where I have called out that we are evaluating potential increases 
in a calibrated manner, keeping in mind the business environment etc and some of those actions 
I think we want to begin sometime in within this quarter itself. So, we understand where you're 
coming from and definitely this is something on the cards and on the anvil. 
As far as steel prices is concerned, Raashi, I think the steel E250, E350 both have gone up. I 
only hope that the geopolitical situation hopefully anytime between September and November, 
especially after the primaries in the US could also have a direct bearing on how the steel prices 
pan out. You also manage this sector, so I think, some of the things that are being called out by 
some of the largest steel players is that there could be some softening potentially as we move 
ahead. 
So, I hope that softening will play an important role as we move forward. As I've also spoken 
about in the past, I think, we did make some let's say purchases last year, but so far at these high 
rates, I don't think it was meaningful for us to look at any specific strategic purchase. But having 
said that, for certain specific products which may have some imported component etc some 
strategic inventory we have built in the first few months. 
Raashi: 
Got it. So just to conclude from a margin perspective, how do we think about margins going into 
the second half and also into 2Q because 2Q is a second half? This 12.5% EBITDA margin? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think Raashi the second quarter will be a fairly challenging quarter and I think we're trying to 
see how we can manage both cost-effectiveness with a potential to increase some meaningful 
price increase etcetera. I think some of these things will help us to balance these numbers. 
Definitely 12.5%,  looks challenging at this point in time from a second quarter perspective. As 
we move into the third quarter and hopefully as the volumes see some improvement, I think 
some of that will start playing out and we'll get back to the corridors of about 12.5%. 
Raashi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Aditya Shroff from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Shroff: 
Yes, hi. Am I audible? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes. 
Aditya Shroff: 
Yes, hello. Yes, so two questions from my side. First of all, other expenses have risen by around 
17% on a flat revenue line. So, I wanted to ask about that and how much of it is recurring. And 
secondly, so there's a close competitor, not very close, there's a construction equipment company 
which has grown its volume by around 17% in this quarter itself. So, I just wanted to understand 
like is this a customer segment issue for us or rather than an industry issue? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes, I'll just take the second part of the question and I'll let Ketan respond to the first part of 
your question. I think the company that you're alluding to there are only two listed companies in 
this space, so ACE and Escorts. I think both of them play in the larger P&C segment, which is 
the pick-and-carry crane. And the pick-and-carry cranes, I think because of the nature and types 
of things that they're doing, I think that segment has certainly seen a very strong movement. 
As far as the SLCM broad base is concerned, as I've indicated in the first quarter, the industry 
registrations were down 27%, AJAX was down 21% and therefore the improvement in share. 
So, I think we can do what we can control and definitely can't do beyond what is not in our 
control. Ketan? 
Ketan Pendse: 
Yes, on the other expenses part. Am I audible? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Ketan Pendse: 
Yes, on the other expenses part. You know, primary two reasons. There is increase in the freight 
outward cost which comes on account of two reasons. Overall, due to the increase in diesel prices 
as well as export business, we see an increase in marginal freight outward cost. 
At the same time, we are also undergoing migration from SAP ECC 6 to SAP HANA. So that's 
the cost which is coming in the books for this year to the tune of INR16 million. So, these are 
the only two primary reasons why we see an uptick in the other costs. 
Aditya Shroff: 
Okay, got it. Just one thing to inform, there is a lot of echo in your voice throughout the call. So, 
if you can just check. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
No, are you the only person who's facing this echo or there are other people also facing the echo? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Aditya Shroff: 
No, I think I'll have to check again, but there was a lot of echo throughout the call. So maybe 
you can check again. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think we'll have to leave it to the call organizer. We have no control over echo in the call. 
Aditya Shroff: 
Okay, sure sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Serene Alpha 
Analytics LLP. Please go ahead. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Before you get onto the call, the call organizer, there is feedback that has come through from the 
participants on the call that they're hearing echo on the other side. Can you just check at your 
end because we are getting very clear voice from people who are speaking to us. 
Moderator: 
Sure sir, I'll make a note of that and I'll check on my end as well. Garvit, you can please continue. 
Thank you. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Hello, audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes Garvit, you are audible. Please go ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So good morning, sir. So, I have one question on growth trajectory. In last two years, we have 
not able to grow in terms of revenue and even our margin fell down from the level we used to 
report at the time of IPO. I understand the macro problems were there but can you help us to 
understand when do you see ourselves come out of it or there are some other structural issues 
too in terms of demand because I'm seeing the PB adoption is rising now. So, it is affecting the 
industry structure on negative side. So, can you help us to understand? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I'm not able to follow the last part of your question at all. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Am I audible, sir. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
You are audible but your voice seems to be muffled. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Hello, so I want to understand, sir, that macro problem is there, but can you help to understand 
when do we ourselves to see coming out from that or there is some any structural issue, sir? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
No, I've understood. I think first and foremost let me call this out that AJAX has demonstrated 
strong growth if you look at the last decade, 10 years, 12 years etc. You start from 2014 up till 
2026, AJAX's CAGR, revenue CAGR is in the order of about 16%-17%. So, there is no reason 
to believe that AJAX will not put up a strong performance over a longer period of time. That's 
the first call out. 
The second call out is that there is cyclicality inherent within the industry. Now in a cyclical 
industry, how sharply you're able to come out of it and grow faster than your peers during the 
time when the business environment is strong, have we demonstrated that in the past? Answer 
is yes. Just to give you a very clear example, during the period of COVID, three years the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 15 of 18 
 
company revenues fell to about INR750-INR760 crores thereabouts from the highest in 2019 at 
about INR1150 crores. 
Given the company's asset-light lean business model, the lower breakeven points, the benefit of 
operating leverage etc accrued to us when AJAX grew at 36% whereas the industry, the broad 
construction machinery industry grew at 26% CAGR between the three years of 23, 24, 25. So 
clearly, we have a base in place. 
The third is that in the near term, I think the impact is coming through from multiple sources 
which is affecting the demand. But AJAX has been able to ensure that even in this tough 
environment, the management of market share and the management of cost and working capital 
is something that it has demonstrated consistently. 
So, all of these three scenarios are going to be something that from an execution perspective that 
AJAX is going to drive home day in day out, and as the demand scenario let's say improves, 
definitely there will be a positive swing to what we are seeing at this point in time. 
Having said that, we have cash on the books, the ammunition is something that we would like 
to utilize and make sure that if we find an asset of significance, we will pursue and I'm saying 
this that we're currently pursuing certain opportunities and as and when the time is right, we can 
come back to you. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Garvit, I would request you to please join back the queue for follow-up questions. Thank you. 
We take the next question from the line of Parth Thakkar from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Thank you for the opportunity again. Sir, as you mentioned that Q2 would be very challenging. 
So, can we expect the full-year margins to be around 12%? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I have indicated that to get to 12%, 12.5% will be challenging in this quarter at this point in time. 
It's too early for me to say what's going to eventually pan out, but definitely 12% looks 
challenging. 
Parth Thakkar: 
Okay. Thank you and yes, sir, the voice was very muffled throughout the call. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think, I would recommend SGA, Tanay and the agency which is doing this call to please check 
at your end. You want us to reconnect, do whatever to ensure because we are almost about 45 
minutes down the call. Somebody should have pointed this a long time ago. We are able to hear 
mostly you guys fairly clearly. 
Moderator: 
Sir, from our end, everything is fine, sir and your audio is coming in loud and clear for us. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Okay, we’ll live with it then. 
Moderator: 
All right. Parth, you can proceed. Thank you. 
Parth Thakkar: 
That was my only question. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 16 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Sanyam Shah from Solidarity Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Hello, am I audible? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes, you are. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. My question was on margins. If I take a slightly longer-term 
view, do you think we can get back to 15 odd percent EBITDA margins over next couple of 
years and what gives us confidence we can get there? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think from the core side of the business, I think let's look at two or three scenarios. First is the 
demand improvement and whenever we see demand improving and we've seen that happening 
in the fourth quarter of last year when life was completely down and out. If you look at the first 
three quarters of last year our margins were where they were, but in the fourth quarter we were 
able to prove that we were about the 15% mark even in the fourth quarter of last year. 
So clearly stating that whenever there is an upswing in terms of the demand scenario in this 
industry, I think AJAX's ability for its premiumization at the price point level, I think has been 
demonstrated and I think from an operating model, I think the asset-light lean business model 
throws up that opportunity from an operating leverage point of view. So that is the first part. 
On a general basis, I think we've called this out that for the longer term, the 13% to 15% corridor 
is something that we are very clear about that we will endeavor to make sure that as demand 
comes back to the economy, that should play. As far as prices are concerned, I have also 
indicated that our endeavor is to make sure that we are able to do calibrated price increases in 
the demand environment that we are living in. I hope that answers your question. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Yes. And sir, you also talked about some cost reduction initiatives in the previous quarter. Can 
you just throw some light on that and where do we stand on those initiatives currently? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
No, I think this is a year-on-year action and activity, not something that we do only for this 
quarter and so on and so forth. This is an activity that we're pursuing every quarter because cost 
management and working capital management is central to the thought process of how we 
prudently manage our financial management and hence every year we take up opportunities in 
terms of design and engineering, in terms of supply chain, and in terms of the overall 
procurement opportunities that may be provided to us. 
And I think in the last three years some of those initiatives have helped us manage these cost 
structures very well. Similarly, during the time of the transition period between CEV 4 to CEV 
5, which happened the last fiscal and before that, I think the efforts that were taken up from 
design and engineering, supply chain, etc, has helped us to contain the direct material cost 
implications. 
Similar kind of exercises are being currently carried out. Wherever there is a feasibility to see 
that there could be considerations along design and engineering and supply chain. I mean, I will 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 17 of 18 
 
definitely not be in a position to call out specifics in this because they're too central to what we 
do. And hence our efforts are ongoing, and will continue as we move forward as well. 
Sanyam Shah: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time, we'll take the last question from the 
line of Rahul Kumar from Vaikarya Investment Management. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Yes hi, sir. Can you just repeat the state-wise commentary which you had given in the first 
question? Actually, it was not very audible. If you can just repeat that, that will be good. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Yes, is it audible now if it was not audible earlier? 
Rahul Kumar: 
No, I think you were not audible during that reply to the first question only. I think after that it 
was audible. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I'm very surprised because Raghu who was on the call heard it loud and clear because that was 
his first question. Yes. So, I'm not able to understand whether my voice is reaching you now and 
it was not reaching you earlier when Raghu heard it. 
Rahul Kumar: 
I think this is loud and clear now. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Okay, fantastic. So, I think something has changed suddenly. Okay. I was mentioning about the 
top 10 states in which I spoke first about the states which are high-volume states but have not 
done very well, and this is Maharashtra and MP where both the execution of projects and money 
back to contractors hasn't happened. But despite that, I think we've been able to improve market 
shares in both Maharashtra and MP. 
We see some good traction happening in Karnataka after the change in political guard. We’ve 
seen good improvement in market share as well as the volume growth happening in the market. 
AP is also growing well in the Southern markets. We've seen very good traction in the State of 
Gujarat including the improvement in market share from about 71% to 82%. 
We’ve seen Rajasthan decline a bit in terms of volumes but I think market share has improved 
from 66% to 86%. Odisha with a growth, our volume growth has been 13% but our market share 
growth has moved up from 61% to 88%. In case of CG where there's been a volume decline of 
about 11%, the market share has grown from 73% to 91%. Hope that helps. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Yes, yes, yes. Understood, understood. Just for the state of Maharashtra and MP, I think we have 
had this issue -- I mean concerns for past couple of quarters. So, can you just help us understand 
when did this issue started? I mean which quarter of let's say FY26? 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
I think it's not -- I think it’s been there for larger part of the full last year. I'll just give you a 
context. Two years ago, if you look at the volumes, last year the volumes in the State of 
Maharashtra were in the range of about 430 odd numbers if I'm remembering my numbers 
correctly. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AJAX Engineering Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
Page 18 of 18 
 
But the year prior to that, the Maharashtra numbers were in the range of about 900 plus and a 
year prior to that it was about 750 odd. So, 750, 950, 430-440 type of numbers have happened 
in that state. So clearly after the full year of last year Maharashtra was muted. 
Rahul Kumar: 
Understood. Yes, that’s all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude the question-and-answer session. I 
now hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Shubhabrata Saha: 
Thank you all for joining us on today’s call. We hope we’ve been able to address all your 
questions. For further queries and clarifications, please feel free to connect with us or SGA, our 
investor relations partner. Thank you once again.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of AJAX Engineering Limited, that concludes this conference call. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
