 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 544664
The Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
NSE Symbol: KSHINTL
 
Sub.: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on Tuesday, August 11, 2026, in respect 
of the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
Ref.: 1. 
Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”);  
2. 
Intimation of Earnings Conference Call dated July 29, 2026 (“Earnings Call 
Intimation”); and 
3. 
Intimation of Audio recording of Earnings Conference Call dated August 11, 2026 
(“Audio Recording Submission”). 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to above-referred Listing Regulations and in continuation to the Earnings Call Intimation and 
Audio Recording Submission, we are pleased to submit transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on Tuesday, August 11, 2026, in respect of the Company’s Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter 
ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The transcript has been hosted on the Company’s website at: https://kshinternational.com/investor-
relations/transcripts/.   
 
You are requested to take this intimation on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For KSH International Limited 
 
 
 
Nakul Shivaji Patil 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A39990 
 
Encl.: As above. 
NAKUL 
SHIVAJI PATIL
Digitally signed by 
NAKUL SHIVAJI PATIL 
Date: 2026.08.14 
17:11:14 +05'30'

Page 1 of 26 
 
 
 
KSH International Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 11, 2026 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. 
RAJESH 
HEGDE 
– 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
– KSH 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MR. AMOD JOSHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KSH 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MR. DHRUV CHOPRA – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – KSH 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MR. NAKUL PATIL – COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE 
OFFICER – KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BHAVANI KUMAWAT – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the KSH International Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will remain in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the management's opening 
remarks. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
the operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone telephone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now have the conference over to Mr. Bhavani Kumawat from Axis 
Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Bhavani Kumawat: 
Thank you, Ryan. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital 
Limited, I welcome you all to KSH International Q1 FY27 earnings conference 
call. Today on the call, we have with us our management represented by Mr. 
Rajesh Hegde, Managing Director, Mr. Amod Joshi, Chief Financial Officer, 
Mr. Dhruv Chopra, Head of Investor Relations, and Mr. Nakul Patil, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer. We thank KSH International for giving us 
the opportunity to host the call. 
 
And now I would like to hand over the floor to the management for their 
opening remarks, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and 
over to you, Rajesh sir. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone. This is Rajesh Hegde. Welcome to our first 
quarter of fiscal 2027 results call. Fiscal 2026 was a pivotal year in our 45-year 
history, marked by the completion of phase one of our Super expansion. In 
fiscal 2027, we are focused on utilizing that capacity while concurrently 
completing Phase 2 of our expansion. 
 
And I am extremely pleased with the start we have made in the first quarter of 
2027. Our first quarter financial results along with supporting information have 
been submitted to the exchanges and have been uploaded to our website. On 
today's call, I will start with a quick summary of KSH and then focus on some 
of the strategic developments and trends we see, as well as some of the key 
operating metrics of the company, including progress on Supa. 
 
Amod will then discuss the financial and operating metrics as well. For those 
new to KSH International, we are a 45-year-old manufacturer of magnet 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 26 
 
winding wires, which is the most critical component of coils used in electric 
machines, from power transformers down to AC compressors and everything 
in between. 
 
We are the leading manufacturer of specialized winding wires in India and the 
largest exporter of winding wires from the country. Our installed capacity at 
June 30th, 2026 was 43,445 metric tons and once phase two of our Super 
expansion is complete by the end of this year, this financial year, we would 
have an installed capacity of roughly 59,000 metric tons, making us the second 
largest winding wire manufacturer in India. 
 
We are a B2B company servicing about servicing over 120 leading domestic 
and global OEM customers and maintain long-term relationships with these 
customers with repeat revenue in excess of 95%. Additionally, our business is 
make-to-order, which means we procure the copper and begin processing only 
after receiving a purchase order from the customer. 
 
Thus, LME copper price and exchange rate is a direct pass-through. Roughly 
75% of our revenue comes from large power transformers used in T&D, 
renewables, railways, and data centers, driven by our core continuously 
transposed conductors or CTC product, in which we are the market leaders in 
India. 
 
CTC is a complex engineered wire product and all of our exports are 
exclusively to T&D customers across five continents. The T&D sector, as you 
know it, is in a structural long-term cycle driven by renewable energy, grid 
modernization, urbanization, and growing power demand for AI data centers 
in India as well as globally. 
 
To address this demand, almost every transformer transformers OEM is 
meaningfully expanding their own capacity. So to put it simply, more 
transformers require more winding wires. On our last call, we mentioned that 
some large transformer clients were exploring long long-term multi-year 
agreements to ensure predictability of their supply as they ramp up capacity. 
 
We are very pleased to announce that we have entered into a five-year supply 
framework agreement with Hitachi Energy Global to supply winding wires to 
their Indian plants as well as their some of their global plants. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 26 
 
 
As yet, this is a framework agreement and the details are still being finalized. 
We will, of course, provide an update when we are in a position to do so. Long-
term agreements such as this further improves visibility for us to ramp up 
utilization as we complete the Phase 2 expansion at Supa. 
Looking at our export performance in Q1 of FY27, our export revenue 
increased 76% year-over-year and 12% higher than Q4 of FY26. Export 
growth remained strong across all our key geographies and was driven by 
wallet share gains with existing customers as well as new OEM customers 
added over the past two quarters. 
Specialized wire revenue overall grew at record 113% year-over-year 
compared to 62% growth in FY26. Growth was driven by higher CTC 
contribution and exports. In fact, in Q1, CTC's contribution to the total revenue 
reached record levels in the last several years. Apart from the end-user demand 
environment, this was also partially driven by the fact that we front-loaded 
some of our phase one capacity addition towards specialized wires. 
Over the next two to three quarters, we expect this to normalize to previous 
levels as we complete phase two of our expansion over the remainder of this 
year. Domestically, as domestically as well, we have added a number of 
standard wire clients, particularly as capacity has ramped up in Supa. As we 
have stated, our focus for standard wires is predominantly in the select end-
user industries such as EVs, AC compressors, motors, alternators for DG sets, 
etcetera, where precision technology plays a critical role. 
Standard wire revenue grew at a robust 83% year-over-year rate during Q1, 
similar to the 80% growth in Q4. Overall, sales volume was a little under 8,000 
metric tons in Q1, up from roughly 7,600 metric tons in Q4 and 6,100 metric 
tons a year ago. This represents 30% year-over-year volume growth while 
being 5% higher than Q4 of FY26. 
Similar to revenue trends, specialized wire volume significantly outpaced 
standard wire volume growth. There is one short-term industry dynamic we 
have observed and I feel it's worth calling out, which is that we have seen a 
few of the transformer OEM customers who are in active capacity expansion 
mode, delay picking up their orders by a few weeks. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 26 
 
We do, however, believe that this will normalize as soon as they are able to 
resolve the bottlenecks and make their new facilities operational. Our Supa 
expansion continues to remain on track for FY27 completion with the next 
wave of capacity expected to be added in Q2 of FY27. In Q1, annualized 
capacity was unchanged at 43,445 metric tons. 
With capacity unchanged, consolidated company utilization improved to about 
73.5% in Q1, up from 70% in Q4 of FY26. Last week, we completed yet 
another one of our IPO objectives on time by commissioning our upcast 
backward integration facility in Chakan. This facility will have a capacity of 
5,000 metric tons and be used to recycle our own copper scrap, which in turn 
should provide some modest operating efficiency and further strengthen our 
sustainability efforts. 
I would now like to focus my remaining comments on two of the key metrics 
of our business, namely our capacity expansion through Supa and the EBITDA 
per ton. First, on our capacity expansion in Supa, though Q1, we have 
completed 14,400 metric tons of the scheduled 30,000 metric tons expansion, 
let me highlight two points. 
Number one being, we are on track to complete the remaining phase two 
capacity by March  2027 with the next wave of addition expected during Q2. 
To secure a long-term capacity, and the second, being to secure a long-term 
capacity expansion requirements, our board last night authorized management 
to evaluate acquiring an additional 10 acres of land within Supa MIDC for its 
long-term expansion requirements. 
Purchasing land in Supa MIDC is the obvious choice for us, given the 
established infrastructure we are currently building out. Moving now to our 
EBITDA per ton performance, in Q1 of FY27, we reported EBITDA per ton 
of approximately INR93,000 per metric ton, up from roughly INR74,000 in Q4 
and INR66,000 a year ago. 
The key drivers for this improvements were, number one being, within 
specialized wires, we had a record contribution of CTC during Q1. While 
demand is undoubtedly strong, there is also a timing element of front-loading 
specialized winding wire capacity in phase one, and hence, we expect 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 26 
 
contributions from the standard wires to increase as we go into the second half 
of the year. 
Number two being higher export contribution and volumes during Q1, which 
are all for specialized wires. In addition, some of the new OEM customers have 
been more favorable and market-driven value addition rates compared to our 
established long-term customers on a like-for-like basis. Number three, an 
increase in the consolidation -- consolidated utilization rates to 73.5% in Q1 of 
FY27 versus 70% in Q4 of FY26 on a larger installed base. 
And lastly, a persistent weaker rupee is also helping the EBITDA per ton. 
Lastly, I want to touch upon our working capital management efforts given it 
is a key focus area of improvement for us and will take us closer to our goal of 
ultimately being cash flow positive despite the hyper-growth environment we 
face. 
After showing a five-day average working capital day improvement in Q4, we 
were able to improve it by another five days in Q1 during Q1, resulting in an 
average working capital days of 60 days during the quarter compared to 71 
days a year ago. There is more work to be done and we are focused on doing 
just that. 
To conclude, I would like to highlight some of the financial trends we have 
observed over the trailing 12 months that we believe should be sustainable 
through FY27. First, for the trailing 12 months, volume growth was 26%. The 
higher phase one capacity will be available for the full year FY27 as opposed 
to only for a part of FY26, and therefore, we feel that we should be able to 
sustain this rate of volume growth for the full year. 
Second, we reported an EBITDA per ton of approximately INR74,000 for the 
trailing 12 months period. We therefore believe that we should be able to 
sustain approximately INR75,000 per ton for FY27, though the actual 
performance will depend on the product mix, exports, and currency. We also 
want to highlight that we expect some fixed costs to increase as we ramp up 
capacity utilization going forward in the Supa plant. 
In summary, our key strategy is to drive sustained growth is, number one being, 
to grow volume in our ultra-precision higher value-added products in segments 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 26 
 
like T&D, EV motors, and exports. Number two, expand our international 
presence, including expansion with our global clients. Number three being, 
increase wallet share with existing clients. 
Number four, drive operating efficiencies through scale and backward 
integration, and lastly, to improve our sustainability efforts. I would now like 
to ask Amod, our CFO, to go over some of the financial and operational details. 
Over to you, Amod. 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes, thanks, Rajesh. I will discuss our first quarter FY27 financial and 
operating performance. During Q1 FY27, our revenue from operations was 
INR1,164 crores, which is 108% higher compared to the same period last year. 
Specialized winding wire revenue in Q1 increased 113% versus a year ago 
driven by ongoing demand from our T&D clients, domestically as well as from 
the export market. 
Standard winding wires also grew 83% year-over-year in Q1. Revenue from 
exports grew 76% compared to Q1 of FY26. Volume, mix, and material prices 
were key drivers of top-line performance. Q1 EBITDA of INR74.4 crores 
improved from INR40.3 crores last year and INR56.3 crores last quarter. 
As we have stated, reported margins can fluctuate due to movement in copper 
prices, given that copper is a pass-through. Therefore, to evaluate the 
underlying progress of the company's profitability, it is more important to look 
at the unit economics of the business. EBITDA per ton for Q1 was 
approximately INR93,000 per metric ton on consolidated basis, up from 
approximately INR66,000 in the last year and INR74,000 in Q4. 
During Q1 of FY27, we reported a quarterly record PAT of INR42.2 crores, 
which increased 86% from Q1 of FY26 and 22% higher than INR34.5 crores 
reported in Q4 of FY26. 
Lastly, turning to cash flows and the steps we are taking to improve cash flow 
generation in a high-growth environment. Working capital days calculated on 
an average balance basis improved to 60 days from 65 days in Q4 and 71 days 
in Q1 of FY26. In Q1, we made further progress on both payables as well as 
receivables compared to Q4, payables showing a five-day improvement and 
receivables a two-day improvement. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 26 
 
Inventory days remained flat given the nature of our business. We will, of 
course, keep looking for further efficiencies over the next several quarters with 
the goal of being operating cash flow positive even in a high-growth 
environment. With that, I'd like to hand the call back to the moderator to open 
up for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We take the first question from the line of Dikshi Jain from Incred 
Research. Please go ahead. 
Dikshi Jain: 
Yes. Congratulations on a very good numbers. My first question was regarding 
the EBITDA per ton. As we just discussed that the EBITDA per ton number 
has been very high in this quarter. How do we see this moving for the rest of 
the year? Also has the margins improved for standard wires as well? How 
sustainable is this? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Hi, Dikshi. I think Rajesh just addressed this particular point in his prepared 
remarks. But essentially what we feel is that you know there are some 
obviously strong structural trends supporting the EBITDA per ton, but there 
are also various factors in there. First of all, as our Supa Phase 2 capacity comes 
in over the next three quarters, there will be additional higher costs which is a 
counter. 
As well as, ultimately, what is the mix between the product CTC versus others, 
as well as standard and special, broadly. So from our perspective where we feel 
comfortable is INR75,000 a ton for the remainder of FY27, or for the full 
FY27. 
Dikshi Jain: 
Sir, has the EBITDA per ton improved for standard wires as well? Not asking 
for a specific number, but I'm just looking, just want an idea regarding that. 
And how is the share of higher kV classes CTC moved in the specialized wire 
segment? 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes, so as the round wire or standard winding wire capacity utilization has 
gone up, the EBITDA per metric ton of standard also has improved marginally 
from earlier quarters. And your second question is in terms of higher value-
added products for 765? Yes, the quantity has been higher as compared to both 
the earlier quarters. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 26 
 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Similar, I think it's around 25% of the higher kV classes within the specialized. 
765 kV. 
Dikshi Jain: 
Okay. Thank you for taking the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Gaurav Bhatia from 
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
Sir, thank you for taking my question, and congratulations on a great set of 
numbers. Again, asking this question again on EBITDA per ton. Is there any 
lumpiness in the, the CTC orders that we've executed in the current quarter? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
So as we explained during the call. Yes. Okay go ahead. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
Let me explain the question. So, the question is, is when you're talking about 
specialed, non-specialized wire capacity also coming up, and, and that growth 
going forward being higher than let's say CTC growth, will absolute revenue 
that you've generated from CTC business, will that fall or will that also grow, 
but it will grow slower than the non-specialized wire? That's my first question. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Gaurav, so to simply answer your question, no, there's no lumpiness. I think 
it's a question of proportion. So as capacity on standard wires and others come 
in, those volumes will pick up. So if CTC as an example was at an extremely 
high mix percentage of the total, that mix percentage will revert closer to 
normal. It doesn't mean that it would necessarily go down on an absolute basis. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
So if I were to look at EBITDA per ton or EBITDA separately for CTC 
business versus let's say non-specialized business, both will grow but the mix 
could change, and therefore we could see a lower EBITDA per ton on an 
average for the company. Is that what you're trying to imply? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Yes, I mean I wouldn't say explicitly that EBITDA per ton for both will grow, 
but EBITDA will grow on an absolute basis for both, yes. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
Fair. Because the number that you just mentioned, 74,000 for the full year, and 
if you've done 93,000 in the first quarter, it essentially implies lower than 
74,000 for the rest of the nine months, which is a bit surprising why it would 
be below last year Q4. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 26 
 
Dhruv Chopra: 
So, so, Gaurav, again, we have mentioned that this is not a, a guidance in that 
this is a number we are going to deliver. We have said that 75,000 is a level we 
are comfortable delivering. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
Understood. That makes more sense. Second question, on this 10 acres land 
and the capacity. Now, at the Supa Facility, I remember you had mentioned 
that there's another 12,000 ton expansion that is possible without, any need for 
extra land. Then this 10-acre land is on top of that. So, so two parts to the 
question. One, if I were to use this 10-acre land, how much incremental 
capacity is possible on a 10-acre land? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Right now, we don't have an answer to that question because the focus is on 
identifying the land. And ultimately, the tonnage that comes out of any plot of 
land will depend on the mix of the machines and products that you're putting 
in. And we're a long way off from determining that. This is more to ensure that 
longer term we have the ability to add more capacity as we need it. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
Okay. Okay. And just the last bit on, on working capital. Now, we've seen a 
steady improvement in this, uh, in the working capital number of days. Where 
do you think is the sweet spot? I mean, where do you want to head to ultimately 
in whatever time frame, but what is that number? 
Amod Joshi: 
So if you look at the industry standard overall, see, 30, 35 net working capital 
days is what the industry is operating at. Some of our, including some of our 
peers are even lower than that. But we feel that 30, 35 days is something that 
is fairly achievable, and that is what our aim in the going forward will be to do 
better than that also if possible. 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
And any timeframe you think is reasonable to assume that. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Sorry, Yes, on the time frame, you know, it's a multi-quarter process, not, multi 
years, but,  
Dhruv Chopra: 
Gaurav, can I ask you to jump back in queue so we can give some other folks 
a chance as well? 
Gaurav Bhatia: 
Sure, sure, sure. I'll come back in queue. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vihang Subramanian 
from Zaaba Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vihang Subramanian: Yes, hi, thanks for taking my question. Just one on, you know, the long-term 
contract which you have signed with Hitachi, could you talk a bit more about 
that and, you know, what kind of products does it cover and what is the 
EBITDA per ton potential from it? That's one. And number two, related to that, 
you mentioned last quarter that a lot of OEMs were looking to sign similar such 
contracts. So do you think that over the next few quarters, you could see more 
OEMs locking in supply, primarily because of the scarcity in supply today? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
So with Hitachi, you know, as we mentioned, this is a framework agreement 
where the broad construct is, you know, decided upon, but still there's no 
quantity or, you know, price defined as of right now. It's more of a framework 
that we agree on, but it's in due process. We will also, you know, frame the 
quantity as well, which we will, of course, you know, communicate as we go 
along. 
Now the trend in the industry, what we had mentioned before also is, since 
most of the transformer manufacturers globally are sitting on an order book of 
say about say three to four years, so the general tendency is to, you know, at 
least lock in some amount of the capacity that would be required, you know, 
and that's where we come in because we have already been servicing most of 
these customers. And this discussion is ongoing, and you know, we will report 
back whenever we are in a position to, you know, finalize any more 
agreements. That time we will probably come back to all of you and, you know, 
mention it in the call. 
Vihang Subramanian: Understood. And just if you could throw some colour on the EBITDA per ton, 
would you be able to say like whether this is higher, like a customer like 
Hitachi given that they are, you know, very prevalent in high voltage, is the 
EBITDA per ton higher than the company average when you supply to them? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
No, it's, it'll be similar, similar, you know. And except like, I mean, you know, 
when you look at it from a five-year agreement, then there would be obviously 
some clauses which, going forward, might move the EBITDA per ton. But 
there is still work in progress, so I don't want to give any real guidance as such 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 26 
 
on the EBITDA per ton going forward. But definitely, you know, we'll be able 
to maintain it. 
Vihang Subramanian: Understood. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
And the products you mentioned, I think one of your other questions was, what 
products? So Hitachi or transformer companies use special specialized winding 
wires, which is your CTC, your paper insulated or your enamel insulated 
rectangular conductors. 
Vihang Subramanian: Understood. And I think just on the EBITDA per ton, I think previously your 
guidance was 65 to 75, but I think now you're confident of sustaining 75 at the 
very least. Is that the right way to look at it? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes. That's, that's what we are saying. Yes. 
Vihang Subramanian: Understood. Sure. Thank you. That's it from my side. I'll jump back in the 
queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shubham Borade from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Borade: 
Hi. Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on excellent set of 
numbers. So my first question is in this quarter exports contributed 24% to the 
revenue, which was 29% in last Q1 FY26. So what is management's outlook 
on this? And what number can we expect for the full year FY27? And second 
would be, uh, in this quarter of total exports, exact how much were to US and 
Middle East? That were my questions. Thanks. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
I'm sorry, can you repeat the second question? 
Shubham Borade: 
Out of total exports in this quarter, how much was to US and Middle East? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Okay. So, on the first question around export percentage, I think you are 
calculating, I mean the way we typically calculate it is on operating revenue 
excluding the other operating revenue. Excluding other operating revenue. So 
on that basis, I think it was 27%, around 27%. Yes, this quarter it was 27%. 
And what we have said is over time, so not specifically in this period of this 
year, the target is to increase it back to its historical peak of around 40% of 
total revenue. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 26 
 
And on the second question was the mix. So, quarterly we don't provide that 
information, but annually Middle East, Europe, and US are key export 
geographies, and each of them represented between 8% to 11% of total 
revenue. 
Shubham Borade: 
Okay. Thank you. That's was my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Jenish Karia from Union 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Jenish Karia: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. I hope I'm audible. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, you are, Jenish. 
Jenish Karia: 
Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a very strong 
set of numbers on the operating front as well as on the balance sheet side. The 
question is more from an industry demand outlook. How do you see the cycle 
panning out? Do you expect the cycle to remain strong over the next three to 
five years, growing incrementally each year, or you expect the growth rate to 
slightly moderate in the next couple of years? What is your view on the cycle? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
So if you, let me just break it up into some parts. I mean, if you look at the 
T&D side of it, you know, like we mentioned, you know, a lot of the customers 
locally and globally, we find them, they are sitting on an order book of anything 
that could be from say, 3 to 5 years, and depending on which customer you talk 
to. 
 
Most of these customers are also in expansion mode. But some of them have 
expanded, some of the capacities are going to come in this financial year, some 
of it is going to come around 2029, and every year you're going to have some 
capacity that comes into the market. So, what we expect going forward on the 
T&D side, definitely the volumes are there as we go forward, and that's the 
reason why we decided to add capacity for the T&D segment. 
 
Then the other drivers, if you really see, are the EV or the AC compressors or 
even the alternators which are used in DG sets. Finally, these alternators are 
being used for the data centers as well. So there also we are finding, like if you 
see alternators for DG sets or some of the motor segments and AC 
compressors, there is a strong demand pipeline that's coming up because of the 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 26 
 
sectors that they are going to be used in. And there are some other factors also 
like BIS which is being implemented. 
 
So there's a lot of localization of the winding wire that's happening, which was 
earlier being imported from -- imported into the country, but now because of 
BIS, the standard wires are necessarily being -- the supply base is shifting to 
Indian companies. And then lastly, the EV motor side, this is a more long 
drawn out process, because the EV, the winding wires which are going to be 
required for EV, the 2-wheeler side is very, very strong. 3-wheeler side is also 
very strong. 
 
Passenger car and bus in terms of volumes, I feel that still, we would say around 
2028, you know, FY28, FY29 is where the incremental meaningful volumes 
would really play. But then you have to be a part of those programs right now, 
so that whenever those programs mature, that time we are in a position to 
supply to these companies. Have I answered your question? 
Jenish Karia: 
Yes, sir, that was really, very helpful. Next is on the margin front. While you 
already guided that you would be able to maintain at least margins of 
INR75,000 per ton. Is it possible for you -- so I'll break my question into 2 
parts. Is it possible for you to break down the 93,000 tons margin as to 
qualitatively or quantitatively however you would like to answer, between 
inventory gains, value mix improvement from specialized wires and standard 
wires, and operating leverage? That is the first part of the question. 
 
And second part of the margin question is, with the HVDC and other higher 
value items increasing going forward, maybe not immediately, but 2, 3 years 
down the line, can we see an upward trend in the margin from the INR75,000 
guidance? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
I think you'll have to answer that first one now, I mean from the operating 
leverage. 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes. So see the breakup of the EBITDA that you asked in terms of the 
improvement, what you mentioned, all 3 factors have contributed to the 
increase in EBITDA. However, we do not give a full breakup of the 3 on the 
call over here. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 26 
 
 
Second question is on your higher specialized value added products. Yes, the 
expectation is that the quantities will go up and it will help to sustain or 
improve the EBITDA going forward, but like it was mentioned on the call 
earlier, we are comfortable to say that 75% is a long-term sustainable EBITDA. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
75,000. 
Amod Joshi: 
75,000 
Dhruv Chopra: 
So, Jenish, if I can just add, this is Dhruv, one quick thing on that EBITDA 
question. Look, I think the key driver, which is what we called out on the call 
rather than the individual components, is the mix. And we've always mentioned 
that specialized wires are more profitable than standard wires, and even within 
specialized wires, CTC being even more so. 
 
And so, in this particular quarter, the contribution from CTC reached 
historically record levels, and that was a much bigger driver of the higher 
EBITDA per ton than any of the individual components. 
Jenish Karia: 
Perfect, sir. That was helpful. And that was all from my end. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mayank Chaturvedi 
from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Mayank Chaturvedi: Yes, hi. Thank you, sir, for giving me this opportunity. Sir, just to one of the 
earlier participants, you were mentioning some percentage of revenues that has 
come in within the specialized wires from higher rated transformers. Can you 
just repeat that percentage for me please? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
You're talking about the 765 and HVDC? 
Mayank Chaturvedi: Yes. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Yes. So for the last 2, 3 quarters or so, that has trended above 25% of overall 
CTC volume is coming from the large power transformers. And that continues 
to hold. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: Okay. So within specialized, you have historic high CTC levels, and within 
CTC, you have 25% above coming in from 765 and HVDC. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, correct.  
Mayank Chaturvedi: Okay. And that historical high level of CTC mix within specialized, would that 
be -- would it be fair to assume, it would be more than 50%? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
So again, we are conscious about what specific metrics are disclosed, but I 
think if you look at overall specialized wires, CTC will represent anywhere 
between 50% to 75% of that segment. 
Mayank Chaturvedi: All right. Got it. And just on this new land parcel that you are trying to identify 
in Supa, I'm assuming, would it be a mix of specialized and standard wires or 
would it be for one of those capacities? If you can just give me some color on 
it. 
Amod Joshi: 
The land we are identifying, it was mentioned earlier, is for future expansion 
and it will be in our existing products. But currently that is under discussion 
within the company, and we will give you more details as and when we finalize 
it. 
Mayank Chaturvedi: All right, okay. Sure. Yes, that will be all from my side. Thank you. 
Amod Joshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Priyanshu Jain from 
Growth X Infinity. Please go ahead. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on a great set of results. The execution has been really 
phenomenal. I have a few questions. First will be on the capex side. So like by 
the year-end, we will be somewhere close to 59,000, 60,000 MT ton. 
 
After that, like as you mentioned that we are acquiring land as well. So can you 
share some thought on like the earlier we can have around 12,000 additional 
capacity. So for that, can you tell me what is the capex required for the 
additional 12,000 and any future plans if you can share right now? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Priyanshu, it's again difficult to answer those questions that far in advance. We 
have said our focus right now is the phase 2 of the capacity expansion, which 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 26 
 
takes us to 59,000 tons. We have space available on the existing Supa plant 
where we said we can add potentially another 10,000 to 12,000, and this new 
plot would then be over and above that for future expansion requirements. 
 
So I think you have to look at it sequentially for now. For FY 2027, the focus 
is exclusively on getting the phase 2 completed. The challenge and objective 
along with that is of course to utilize that capacity. So that is going to be a key 
focus area for us. As utilization is building in the overall 59,000 ton capacity, 
we will accordingly start working on additional capacity expansion. 
 
So at that point in time, we will be in a clearer position to let you know how 
many tons would come in, what would be -- the mix, would it be, only special, 
standard, special, only T&D and EV. All of those are still to be determined. 
For us right now the focus is get the 59,000 in place and then make sure we 
utilize that effectively. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Got it. And, sir, second question will be on the client addition side. So as we 
are, like the data center boom is there and like transformer and distribution is 
also there. So can you throw some light on it? Like, are we in current talks with 
any future potential clients or the existing clients as well? And like what kind 
of a specific product, like... 
Rajesh Hegde: 
For data centers, you mean? No, we lost you there. But you are saying any 
specific products for data centers, you're saying and clients? 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
So when we say data centers, it's basically any transformer that goes into a data 
center or maybe a UPS that goes into some data center. I mean, these are our 
potential markets where we can supply either special winding wires or standard 
winding wires. 
 
So that's the way to look at it. I mean, every data center requires X amount of 
transformers, and some of them could be the higher kV transformers, and they 
will also require some distribution transformers, as well as the UPS that goes 
into the data center. So these are some of the markets that we would -- when 
we look at the data center market, this is what we really look at. And the second 
one -- the second question? Can you repeat the second question? 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 26 
 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Sir, on the clientele part only. Like... 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes. And then, sorry, one more thing. Also the DG sets, the diesel generating 
sets that go into these data centers, there are alternators that go into these DG 
sets. That's the other market that's going to -- we feel that is going to really 
grow as well, because DG set is a critical component within the data center as 
a backup power requirement. So if you were to really break up the data center 
market, I mean, this is how we we look at it here. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
And sir, just last question is on the product mix side. So, sir, like the capacity 
which we are adding by the year-end, can we use the same facility for the -- I 
know it's a kind of a vague question, but like I still have to ask. Can we use the 
same capacity for both, like standard and the specialized one? Or like they are 
separate? Like different in terms of... 
Rajesh Hegde: 
No. So, like for CTC, I mean, if your answer, I mean, if your question is, are 
they fungible? They are not. I mean, for standard wires, some of the processes 
are fungible, but otherwise the insulation lines that are there are very specific 
to CTC, would have some specific lines. The EV products would have specific 
lines which cater to the EV products, and the peak products would have again 
SPMs that would be there. So they are not fungible in terms of capacities, can't 
be used for each other. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
So going forward, we can expect standard wire going to increase the share of 
standard wire products? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
No. So we mentioned in the call, see, when we did the 43,000 approximately 
capacity, we had front-loaded the CTC capacity, but now going forward, we 
would be having more of the standard wire and some of the special wire which 
goes into the EV, you know, some of those capacities will come in. But the 
CTC capacity is available with us for the rest of the year already, and that's the 
focus for utilization and with the customers. 
Priyanshu Jain: 
Okay. Great, sir. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. All the best for the 
future. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Thank you. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Surya Narayan Nayak 
from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Surya Nayak: 
Yes. Thank you for your opportunity and congrats for the great set of numbers. 
So one question is that when we take the orders from the different clients 
during Q3 and Q4 of the year, so the specialized special and standard wire 
component is nearly fixed. So just to understand, why the fluctuations in the 
EBITDA per ton, because of the product mix during the year? 
 
And secondly, to add to the previous participant's question, is that up to the 
wire drawing space it is nearly same, and after that insulation, the operations 
are different. So just to understand that because it is, I mean, semi fungible, we 
can say, so just to understand, whether for in case of hyper-demand situation 
from the specialized section, will you be more committed to your clients who 
are into the higher kV class customers, or let's say maybe EV, those are the 
customers, rather, taking less of the, under-committing to the general industry 
segments and other segments? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, so I'll answer the second question first. I mean, when we look at like you 
mentioned, I mean the drawing capacities are fungible, but otherwise the 
insulation capacities are not. Now we would really look at let's say if there is 
more -- we are open to, if we have more orders on the T&D side, which is more 
if like let's say if we pick up more HVDC orders, or say 765 kV orders, then 
we would obviously pivot to adding capacity more on the specialty winding 
wire. 
Similarly, for the EV products, if we get some qualifications which are -- where 
we see a visibility in the next few years, where a program is going to be certain, 
then we would look at adding capacities in those, those areas. So that's how we 
decide about future capacity additions. And the first question was... 
Surya Nayak: 
First question is related to the intake of orders and the change in the product 
mix afterwards? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, so, see, I mean, I think we mentioned it in the previous calls also, but let 
me just repeat it for the benefit of everyone. I mean, how this works is that we 
get into a year-long contract for the value addition with at least about say 80% 
to 85% of the customers. Now this determines the overall, but then the mix that 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 26 
 
we will get during the year, let's say if I have specialty let's say CTC, we decide 
on the basic construct where the value addition is fixed, but then if we receive 
more orders during the year, say in a particular month for say 765 kV or say 
more of exports of CTC. 
This would obviously, that mix is what we are talking about drives margins up 
or down. And in this case, as we mentioned 93,000, there were several driving 
factors. One of them was obviously the CTC mix was higher, the export 
percentage was higher also, and there was again within the CTC, you have your 
CTC as well as for the 765 kV and the HVDC, also there was some execution 
of that going on. 
But one thing that we pointed out also is that some of the new customers we 
had, and which we were executing orders in the Q1 where we've onboarded, 
they are obviously at a higher value addition than the existing customers 
because we had an opportunity to link it to the market price as well. And so 
that's also pushed up the EBITDA per ton for this quarter. 
Surya Nayak: 
So then, sir, in that case, when you enter into, just a sign the multi-year contract 
with Hitachi, and likewise, maybe you will be getting more orders from similar 
kind of people like GE Vernova and others. So, then your insulation capacity 
will be falling short, and you would be requiring quicker addition of capacities 
in that. Is my understanding, right? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
No, no, we have like 43,000 tons of capacity is available right now, and we 
have another 16 odd thousand tons of capacity that is going to come on stream 
by the end of this financial year, which will be available. So next year we'll 
really start with an installed capacity base of around 59,000 metric tons. So 
that would take that would be the starting point for next year, is what we are 
saying. 
Surya Nayak: 
Okay, okay. So, we don't have, I mean let's say, if you keep on onboarding 
more of the higher kV class, or let's say HVDC segment customers, then we 
don't have any issue as far as insulation capacities are concerned. Those are 
taken care of? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, right now, we don't. But once it reaches the 85% utilization rate, then 
that's when we would really start thinking about future capacity expansion. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Surya Nayak: 
Because in the Q3, Q2, Q3 ‘28, I see your utilization level reaching to 75%, 
close to 75%. So, is it fair to understand that you will be planning maybe in the 
Q2, Q3 time Q3 ‘28? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Surya, this is getting very focused in terms of timing. I think when we see 
utilization rates on the fully installed base trending up, we will start looking at 
which machines we need under which products, and at that point in time we 
will be able to give you, it's Q2, Q3 ‘28 is four, six quarters away. So, I don't 
think on a quarterly basis we'll be able to provide you any specific timelines. 
But like I said to an earlier question also, get the 59,000 installed, and then start 
pushing that utilization up, and you will see once that on the larger base the 
utilization is going, I think then this is a very direct and relevant question that 
you can ask us which we will be in a position to answer. 
Surya Nayak: 
Okay. And regarding sir, upcast capacity, any kind of benefit that may accrue 
if you can quantify, because that will flow obviously in the next year perhaps. 
So, if you want to quantify, and whether this kind of scale will be also raised, 
because this is a smaller investment of around INR6 crores, INR7 crores? 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes, regarding current year considering that upcast has just come up in the last 
month, and the remaining period that is remaining in this year, we see maybe 
it, it can just add maybe close to a few rupees to the bottom line, to the gross 
profit, but not more than that. 
Because if it is a capacity, as compared to the total capacity for the year, it's 
right now not that high. But having said that, going forward, obviously, if we 
see that the benefit is approving, there's nothing that stops us from planning 
more capacity in that, but currently that is not on the cards immediately. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
So, Surya, strategically the way we've thought about this is essentially to be 
able to recycle our own scrap that we are generating from our production view 
for captive purposes. We have not thought about expanding it into a much 
broader effect. So as a result of that, your overall recycling capacity is sub less 
than 10% of your overall capacity. So, while it will provide a benefit, there's 
only a limited amount of benefit that will come because of the scale that it 
would relative to the overall. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Surya Nayak: 
So, Dhruv, these 5000 capacities are in sync with the overall 60000 capacity 
scrap that we can get. I mean, is that understanding right? 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Yes. Yes, yes. That's correct. Slightly lower, but I think more or less you're 
right. 
Surya Nayak: 
Okay, okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Abhi Jain from AJ 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhi Jain: 
Hi, hope I'm audible. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, you are, Abhi. 
Abhi Jain: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. I'm new to the company, so I 
have some basic questions which I wanted to get clarity on, hope that's okay. 
So, the first question is I think I missed that quantification of the inventory 
gains number inside this INR93,000 crores EBITDA per ton that you have 
achieved in Q1. So, can you help us quantify what part of it was inventory 
gains? 
Amod Joshi: 
No, so you're asking about inventory, sorry, I didn't, have you quantified the 
inventory gains? 
Abhi Jain: 
Inventory gains, yes. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
No, I think Abhi, we've mentioned that you know everything played a role. 
Nothing played an outsized role. The main impact on the EBITDA per ton 
came from the mix and the contribution, the higher contribution this quarter 
from CTC specifically. Then it has in previous quarters. 
Abhi Jain: 
All right, that sounds more reassuring. So, this 93,000, okay, so then the 75,000 
seems conservative, but this is fair. Thanks for that. My second question is, I 
just wanted to understand basically, what is on a steady-state basis, the lag 
between copper price pricing to the customer and the copper prices on actual 
inventory outcome. So, what would be that lag? Are you able to pass it on 
immediate quarter, or does it lag by a few quarters? Could you help us 
understand that mechanism? 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 26 
 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, so Abhi, let me answer the question, this is Rajesh. See how this business 
works, I mean, we are in a make-to-order environment. We are not in a make-
to-stock, because we are basically supplying to OEMs, and typically what we 
do is we get into a value addition contract with every customer, at every OEM. 
And then let's say, for example, I get into a value addition contract for say 2000 
tons with customer X, or 2400. 
And then customer X will release purchase orders for 200 tons a month, but 
not necessarily 200 tons on one day, but it will be staggered up every purchase 
order is a unique purchase order. And on that, and that's on an unknown LME 
basis. And we will book the copper once we receive the order, we will book 
the copper with our supplier, and whatever is the known copper price, that 
becomes the invoice price for the copper portion for that particular order. 
So that's the pass-through mechanism, and then we focus on the value addition. 
So that's how this whole business is run, and this is not just us, I mean this is 
generally run by everybody and we do this because we want to insulate 
ourselves from the copper price as well as the exchange rate as well. 
So, there is no time, I mean when you look at the time lag part of it, when I 
receive an order, then I'll take about 15 to 20 days to manufacture the copper, 
the finished good. But the copper price has already been finalized at the 
beginning of the order, so there is no real fluctuation as such for that order. 
Abhi Jain: 
All right. Got it. This last question, coming to the borrowing costs. So, in FY26 
I think your total interest cost was about INR44 odd crores. And in this quarter, 
we have seen it ramp up a bit to about INR17 crores this quarter. Can you help 
me understand for a company of your stature and your credit rating, it seems 
to be that your borrowing cost is in double digits. Is it a fair understanding or 
am I missing something? 
Amod Joshi: 
So, borrowing cost, as far as the working capital is required, look, this is a 
working capital -- we require when the turnover goes up significantly, and the 
increase is because the turnover has gone up over the last quarter as compared 
to Q1, the turnover is significantly higher. Now, for working capital, the 
borrowing cost is always is going to be there. So as a turnover goes up, 
borrowing cost on working capital is expected to go up. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 26 
 
Dhruv Chopra: 
No, but I think just to clarify your point, the cost of the capital has not gone up. 
The overall interest expense is higher because the working capital finance is 
higher. 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes, if there, if you look at the effective, the borrowing cost, cost, it is not 
really gone up significantly as compared to earlier years. 
Abhi Jain: 
So, what would be that on a steady state basis, a high single digit? 
Amod Joshi: 
Look, I mean, we use a lot of borrowing, we look, use a lot of working capital 
products. And the interest cost ranges between as low as say 6% to as low as 
9.5%. And then depends on what mix we use, when the borrowing cost gets 
determined on that basis. 
Abhi Jain: 
No, yes, that helps answer the question, because yes, I was looking that it is, it 
seemed like a double-digit figure, but clearly that is not the case from that. That 
is not best. 
Abhi Jain: 
Yes. Thank you from my side and congratulations on great set of numbers and 
hope you keep delivering what you have promised and I'm sure you will 
overshoot your promises. So yes, congratulations. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Thank you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take the final question from the line of 
Rahul from Ambit Investment Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul: 
Yes, good afternoon. Excellent set of execution from the entire team. Hope I'm 
audible. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, sir, Rahul. Yes, yes, you are. 
Rahul: 
Yes. Couple of questions. First on the peak insulated wires which we had 
planned for the EV traction motors. What is the status currently on that part? 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, it's still under installation. That whole I mean, we've still not installed the 
capacity, and we will report it when we've installed that capacity and made it 
operationalized that capacity. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
But it is, it is part of our phase two. Yes. 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 26 
 
Rahul: 
Okay, okay. And how much capex is being incurred for this phase two going 
forward for the entire year of FY27? 
Amod Joshi: 
See the overall project cost for phase two like we had mentioned, part funded 
through the IPO funds, was around INR150 crores to INR160 crores. And we 
have incurred -- till now a large part of that has been incurred, but some of that 
is sitting in advances and so on and so forth. So, by the year end we are hoping 
that the entire phase two will get implemented, operationalized also. 
Rahul: 
So, so for this year we can expect another INR50 crores capex which was 
sitting in as CWIP? 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes, I think it will be more than that. If you see, for this particular full year if 
you look at it, it will be much higher than 50. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
Yes, Rahul, it is all a lot of it is basically financed from the primary issue of 
the IPO. And so, I think that the whole breakup between phase one, phase two 
was covered in the RHP. 
Rahul: 
Sure. And just the last question from my end, we have seen your value addition 
EBITDA per ton has grown at a 23% CAGR from ‘23 to ‘26. Can we expect 
the same run rate if we exclude the copper and whatever the value addition 
which you do, how much growth run rate we can expect on that aspect? That 
will be very helpful. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
For the value addition, Rahul, just like the EBITDA per ton, is dependent on 
the mix between standard and special and then within that each of the products. 
So, the same trends we have talked about in the EBITDA per ton would also 
apply on the value addition side. 
Rahul: 
And the realization is coming to INR14 lakh per ton. So, this also would be 
maintained on a steady state basis or because the non-speciality is growing. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
No that is copper. Yes, I think the metal value has been included in the. 
Rahul: 
Ah, but INR14 lakhs are more copper. 
Amod Joshi: 
Yes, yes. The realization is, if I understand correctly, you are dividing the 
revenue per metric ton. And revenue per metric ton, a large, large part of the 

 
 
KSH International Limited 
 
August 11, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 26 
 
revenue is the copper part, which fluctuates based on the LME and the 
exchange rate. 
Rahul: 
It would be, can you give how much can be the rough range of the copper? 
Amod Joshi: 
No, look, because the LME and exchange rate fluctuates, it's very difficult to 
put a number to. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Like it's, I mean right now it's been fluctuating between $10,000 to $14,000 
per metric ton LME has been fluctuating. And but what we are saying is that 
that's always a pass through for us. 
Dhruv Chopra: 
So, I think if you want to look at it, you look at it at the gross profit level. 
Rahul: 
Got it. Thank you, so much and best wishes, to the entire team. Thank you. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, with that we conclude the question-and-
answer session. I now hand the conference over to the management for their 
closing comments. 
Rajesh Hegde: 
Yes, so thank you for having us on the call. And now our focus is of course to 
going forward is to one is to utilize the capacity that we have in place and 
install the additional capacity that we are really looking at. And I'm quite 
hopeful that we will meet most of our objectives as we have said in the call as 
well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
