 
 
Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE-NSE/2026-27  
  
  
                                   Date: August 07, 2026 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
 
Script Code: 513349 
To, 
The Manager – Listing, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Script Code: AJMERA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings 
Call held on August 04, 2026 on the Un-audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the Quarter ended June 30, 2026. 
 
The audio recording and transcript of the presentation are available on the website of the Company 
viz. https://ajmera.com/financials/.  
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
Reema Solanki 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
REEMA NALIN 
SOLANKI
Digitally signed by 
REEMA NALIN 
SOLANKI 
Date: 2026.08.07 
17:22:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
“Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 04, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. DHAVAL AJMERA - DIRECTOR OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS 
MR. NITIN BAVISI - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. GAURANG CHOTALIA - LEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Gaurang Chotalia, Lead Investor Relations. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Gaurang Chotalia: 
Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. On behalf of the company, I would 
like to thank you all for participating in Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Earnings Call for 
the quarter ended 30th June 2026. The call will commence with opening remarks by our Director 
of Corporate Affairs, Mr. Dhaval Ajmera and will be followed by the business performance 
discussion by our CFO, Mr. Nitin Bavisi. We have already shared the operational updates of the 
quarter in the second week of July 2026. The investor presentation and the press release based 
on the financial adopted by the Board have been uploaded on the stock exchange website and 
can be downloaded from our company website as well. Please do note that some of the 
statements in today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, reflecting the company's 
outlook and may involve certain risks and uncertainties that the company may face. 
 
I would now like to hand over the call to our Director of Corporate Affairs, Mr. Dhaval Ajmera. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you very much. I hope everyone is doing fine. And I just want 
to begin the entire conference with giving you a sector update and thereby the company update 
and the numbers will be then run through by our CFO. 
 
The Q1FY27, we all know that the global economic environment continued to shape by the 
geopolitical tensions, new trade policies and persistent macroeconomic uncertainty. Despite 
these external challenges, India remained relatively resilient, supported by strong domestic 
demand, stable macroeconomic fundamentals and stable inflation and supportive policy 
environment. Against this backdrop, Indian real estate continued to exhibit strong structural 
fundamentals, while the industry witnessed a seasonally softer quarter, which I would say, which 
was more cautious with sequential moderation in presales and collections following a robust Q4 
FY26. The underlying demand environmental health remains healthy. infrastructure-led 
development, improving connectivity, rapid urbanization and a sustained preference for 
homeownership continued to support the momentum. At the same time, the sector is evolving to 
be more mature and organized with homebuyers increasingly prioritizing quality, transparency, 
timely delivery and credibility of the developer. 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Speaking about the residential market, we've witnessed to see a structural shift, although over 
this entire quarter, we've seen lifestyle and premium development seeing good demand coming 
across all sectors. Customers are increasingly seeking projects to offer superior amenities, 
stronger connectivity and long-term value creation with competitive advantage of established 
developers with proven capabilities. 
 
On the commercial front, healthy office leasing activity also is being driven by the GCCs, the 
flexible workspace operators and expanding enterprise continues to strengthen Indian real estate 
ecosystem, while supporting residential demand across key employment corridors. We are 
pleased to announce that in this quarter, we have received an INR89 crores towards our share of 
investment and profit from a property sale out of the INR330 crores, which we had mentioned 
in our potential cash flows, which are coming. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about sector's long-term perspective, continued policy 
support and infrastructure investment and a stable interest rate environment continues with the 
ongoing consolidation in the industry are expected to strengthen the position of the organized 
developers. We believe that a moderation witnessed across the quarter reflects normal industry 
seasonality rather than structural slowdown. As India continues its journey towards becoming a 
developed economy, we remain confident that disciplined execution, prudent capital allocation 
and customer trust will remain the key driver of the sustainable growth and long-term value 
creation. 
 
Speaking about our company and the projects of our ongoing projects, our flagship luxury 
development, Ajmera Manhattan 1 has achieved around 93% sales with progress in finishing 
and MEP work. Ajmera Manhattan 2, other projects in Wadala has also witnessed an 
encouraging customer response with more than about 50% of its inventory sold while the 
excavation work is in progress. The next phase of Ajmera Greenfinity A and B has recorded 
94% sales and is also steadily moving towards completion and getting occupation certificate 
soon. Ajmera Vihara and Bhandup has received 81% sales with RCC work in progress. Rehab 
wings have already been almost completed and the sales wing has also seen good amount of 
progress in Wing D and Wing E, the fourth floor and first floor, respectively. Ajmera Solis, our 
hero for the last quarter has seen good demand, enabling us to achieve 86% of its inventory being 
absorbed, while the excavation work has just commenced and it is progressing steadily. Our 
commercial project at Bandra 33Fifteen has also seen a steady transition in terms of its inventory 
where 19% of its inventory has been sold, while the piling and the shoring progress is going on, 
and we are looking at faster execution at these projects. And our luxury collective item, which 
we launched last quarter, Ajmera One by Ajmera in Versova, we are seeing good progress in 
terms of its work and also inventory has been slowly and steadily moving by 3% of its inventory 
being sold as of today. 
 
In Bangalore, our mid micro market housing portfolio is also continues to perform strongly, 
whereas Ajmera Iris has seen 90% of its sales happening and also that is steadily progressing 
towards occupation certificate where finishing work is in progress, while Ajmera Marina has 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
also seen a 69% sales in its entire portfolio, whereas the work has commenced up to second slab 
where the basements are done and the second floor slab work is in progress. 
 
Looking ahead at our near-term growth trajectory, we'll be spearheaded by unlocking immense, 
the remaining potential of the strategic Wadala land bank, which holds an estimated GDV of 
around INR18,000 crores, including the boutique office Phase 1, coupled with the FY27 launch 
pipeline of in the range of around INR3,000 crores, which is giving us a massive GDV 
opportunity of almost INR21,000 crores in this entire pipeline. During the quarter, we've added 
an asset-light project in Bangalore with an estimated GDV of INR400 crores, approximately, 
further strengthening our development pipeline while maintaining our disciplined growth 
strategy. 
 
With this, I would now like to hand over to our CFO, Mr. Nitin Bavisi, who will take you over 
to the financial and operational highlights. Thank you very much. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Very good evening to all, and thank you for joining us for this conference call for Q1FY27. 
Before we move on to the Q&A session, allow me to summarize the consistent operational and 
financial performance what we have delivered. 
 
Coming to the operational performance first, Ajmera Realty delivered steady start to FY27, 
reporting sales value of INR146 crores with a sales active area of about 43,000 plus square feet 
sold out and collections being at around INR173 crores for the quarter. 
 
Coming to the financial performance, total revenue for Q1FY27 at around INR320 crores, which 
is up 23% Y-o-Y from INR265 crores Q1FY26, driven by continuous project execution. 
EBITDA grew at 18% Y-o-Y to INR94 crores from INR79 crores in Q1FY26 with EBITDA 
margin at around 29%. PAT at INR45 crores, which is also a 14% Y-o-Y growth over INR39 
crores in Q1FY26 with margin stood at 14%. Additionally, Ajmera Solis, which became the first 
time qualified for the revenue recognition during this particular quarter due to its fast track 
execution and as well the exceptional customer response since its launch. 
 
On the back of the strong collection and asset monetization, we have reduced our debt by INR57 
crores in this particular quarter from INR737 crores, which stood at around 31st March 2026 to 
INR680 crores as on 30th June 2026. As a result, we achieved a debt equity ratio of 0.47x as on 
30th June 2026. Moreover, our weighted average cost of debt also came down and which is at 
11.01% in Q1FY26, highlighting our enhanced credit profile and disciplined financial 
management. Our revenue visibility remains very healthy, supported by strong sales from recent 
launches and steady progress across ongoing and OC received projects. 
 
Revenue visibility from these projects stands at INR3,846 crores comprising of INR1,661 crores 
from committed sales and INR2,185 crores from available inventory to sell and upon the sale, 
the revenue gets recognized and recorded into the income statement. 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
In addition, our upcoming launch pipeline is expected to contribute about INR6,500-plus crores, 
taking our overall revenue visibility to INR10,000-plus crores, providing a very solid foundation 
for sustained growth as we move forward on our ongoing and launch portfolio. 
 
The estimated cash flow potential pretax and post debt on ongoing projects, upcoming projects 
and other revenues is estimated to about INR3,380 crores over the life cycle of the project. 
 
With this summary of business highlights and financial performance, I now invite your questions 
and look forward to further interactions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will not begin the question and answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Dixit Doshi from White Stone Financial Advisors. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. Can you hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. We can hear you. Please go ahead with the questions 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity. So my first question is relating to the Kanjurmarg. So if you 
can update that where are we standing right now? And last quarter you have mentioned that we 
are planning some strategic tie-up or even we are open for outright sale or the 7 acre plot to 
generate cash flows and also it will unlock the value. So where are we in that? Have we finalize 
or anything we can expect in near team and also the status of the land conversion. So I think the 
right time is December, so by then can we expect something over there? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So we are working very aggressively on the land conversion process. But yes, it's a regulatory 
process, which we've involved the government as well as the other processes which we need to 
do. So we are working on that. Hopefully, our target is we should be able to achieve that very 
soon, hopefully, in the next 2 to 3 months' time. We are very confident that it will happen, 
definitely happen before the December deadline as we are aware of the same. And as far as the 
strategic tie-up is concerned, we are yes, we are in active talks with a few and discussions are 
already going on, site visits are happening. Preliminary discussions are on, but we and them 
principally have agreed that we will only conclude once the conversion is taking place. So that's 
how we are moving in terms of all the strategic requirement. So more things are moving 
parallelly on those. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. So you are saying that the land conversion has to happen before any tie-up we finalize? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes, because that's how we get a better value. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And that will be like whatever you are seeing that site visits are happening and all. So is 
it for outright or we are doing some joint JDAs? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Both. few are outright, few are JV. 
Dixit Doshi: 
For 7-acre only? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. So 7-acre will not be a one single deal. It may be a 2 deal or something like that? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
It will be a one single deal. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
A few of those are asking for an outright exit and some are asking for JV. So that evaluation is 
going on. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Understood. So but you feel confident that at least in 2, 3 months, the conversion thing 
should get resolved, because it's been a long time since we move something in Kanjurmarg. So 
just your thoughts on that. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes. No, no, we are while at the background completely working on the progress in terms of  
while the approval processes which are on. But as far as the other things which are required for 
faster execution once the conversion is done, we have already been keeping things ready as far 
as some tax implication matters are concerned or transfer of land or other legalities, whatever 
needs to be ironed out. All that is parallelly we worked on so that we don't waste time then and 
get faster things executed. 
Dixit Doshi:` 
Okay. And parallelly any update on the 55 acres, because that also we are planning for launch 
in FY28. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So Yes, that work in terms of master planning has been frozen. Now we have moved to the Phase 
2 of all the technical evaluation and all that. As far as also the infrastructure work is concerned, 
that work has also been planned up, and we should be able to start that pretty soon. So, by the 
next year, FY28 when we launch, everything will be in order. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Now, coming to this year launch. So, do you know, for this year we are targeting 
INR6,500 crores launches, out of which, let's say 50% is the boutique office. Now I had the 
question over there that, firstly, whether we are confident of launching that in third quarter and 
how confident are do you feel that considering the current demand environment you feel that 
maybe postponed? And the relative question is, earlier a year back we are planning the INR1,800 
crores launch for boutique office. Now we are doing it in a single phase around INR3,600 crores. 
I think this will be the largest project of Ajmera not only in commercial but even considering 
the estimation we have not done any single such big launch. How confident are you feeling and 
also the launch in future?  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Dixit, your voice is breaking. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So no, we got the gist of the question. So Mr. Dixit, we had informed last time only that there 
has been some approval changes, and that is where we've got an additional 1 million-odd square 
feet of FSI, which has loaded in our Wadala project by virtue of which we've got another 
INR3,000-odd crores of GDV increase. And what we see over the last so many years with the 
growth story of India, the GCC growth has also been significantly higher and also now with data 
centers evolving in a larger way in outside of the city, and other GCC is also erupting in a bigger 
way and larger way. There has been a good demand for commercial premises all across Mumbai 
because of its strategic connectivity all across Mumbai. And Wadala being enjoying this 
strategic connectivity, we are seeing a great demand coming for commercial spaces in this 
particular micro market because of its connectivity to the new airport and BKC. So hence, we 
are confident, and that is why we are launching. Earlier, we were doing about 4-5 lakh square 
feet of office space launch. Now we are going to do about 8 to 8.5 lakh square feet of office 
space launch. And that is why we are seeing this larger number coming. And then while we 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
internally speak to our customers, our brokers and other people, they are very confident about a 
good turnaround coming in this space. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And last question in terms of other projects what we have planned for this year, do you 
feel that most of it will be, we will be able to launch because I think we have moved some of the 
time lines like Borivali moved from Q3 to Q4, even Pune moved from Q1 to Q4. So is it any 
regulatory issue or just a demand scenario? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No. Some are regulatory issues, some are I mean, most of them are regulatory issues, which have 
come in, and we have actually commenced the work at Pune. We in fact, even you've got the 
RERA number also, but we will only launch this once we reach. We have strategically decided 
that we will not launch this at what you call an execution or a ground level stage or like on the 
excavation stage. But we will launch this at a stage where we will be able to create a better 
demand and pricing, which will come during the plinth level. And hence, we moved from first 
quarter to the last quarter. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Okay. I have few more question, I will join back then. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity again. So my next question is regarding the project in Ajmera 
Vann. I mean this quarter, we were not able to sell any flat there. So how do you see  because it 
looks like the demand is not there for that project. So if you can give your  some thought over 
there? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No, it's not like that. We are very cautious in our sales. We have brought this as a luxury 
collective. In fact, if you go to see, there is demand which is coming for larger area than smaller 
area, and we are evaluating all of that. We are speaking to the required brokers. And this micro 
market sees a demand for such larger apartments only once they are probably being come up to 
an RCC's level where they can actually see the buildings coming up. And right now, we are 
under an excavation stage. So we are mindful of that, and we are aware of this. So we are not 
pushing what you call a desperate sale to come in. We are very confident and even the channel 
partners and our investors, whoever are across they all are very confident about getting good 
numbers coming as the building progresses. So obviously, building progress has started. It will 
take because it is 2 basements and a plinth and a podiums to come in. So that about a year or so 
will go. We will see subdued sales this financial year for this project. But over the time and next 
year when the progress of the superstructure is happening, we will start seeing traction coming 
in a faster way. 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. My next question is, we have reduced our consolidated debt, but if you see this quarter 
result, our interest cost on quarter-on-quarter on a consolidated gone up from INR21 crores to 
almost INR30 crores. So any particular reason for this? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Certainly. So it is like the Solis project, which is entered as a qualified for the revenue 
recognition first time. So the entire accumulated cost pool, which is debited to the P&L and 
significant part of the cost has been interest cost on this particular project. And that's how on the 
consolidated numbers, you see the numbers that of the finance cost and happy to bring back the 
real reason for this because of the high-cost debt in this particular project, which was through 
private equity deal, which was supported for the acquisition one, which we have fast track and 
repaid significantly from our cash sales collection kind of a thing. And that's the reason that, that 
particular IRR servicing is the finance cost and which has got participated into when the project 
got revenue recognized qualified for this quarter. 
Dixit Doshi: 
So from next quarter onwards, this INR30 crores will come back to normalized like INR20 
crores which you have? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Absolutely. As you see that my weighted average cost also coming down very gradually kind of 
a thing and the marginal loans which are at a much, much lower than the weighted average cost, 
once that particular component starts coming into the outstanding loan, the weighted average 
cost and hence, the overall cost finance cost amount also will come down gradually. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And in terms of this INR89 crores asset monetization, so was there any profit or something 
in this P&L? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
This is actually the financial asset which was classified into the balance sheet. So it's a balance 
sheet transaction between the cost with what we incurred and as well the financial or the 
advances which we have done for this particular project. So it's completely a cash flow 
transaction, INR89 crores which we have realized out of INR330 crores, the guidance which we 
have been giving about the asset monetization. So INR89 crores which we have unlocked out of 
that. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. So nothing has come to P&L regarding this? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
No, as I explained, it is a financial asset. So it is a balance sheet transaction. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Okay. And my last question is from last quarter's presentation we have removed the south 
SV Concrete Bangalore project from our upcoming launch. So any particular reason? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So that particular has got swapped with the Whitefield, which is the project line item 6 in my 
launch pipeline and which is the business development which we have done in this quarter and 
which is against INR1,800 crores guidance of BD, it is INR389 crores, which is the Whitefield 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
and which is also we are aspiring to bring in into the last quarter of FY27. So that is the swap 
between SV Concrete and Whitefield project. 
Dixit Doshi: 
But SV Concrete will come next year or that project is no longer with us? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
No, it will no longer be there. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. Is there any particular reason. I mean we completely had launched then the project? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you Dixit, your voice broken between. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Sorry. So I was asking, is there any particular reason like we have put it in our plan launch and 
now the project is not with us 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So typically, it is like the Bangalore location always been a very asset like kind of a thing. We 
have been evaluating the proposal and bring it up to the stage where we can confidentially look 
at it. This is a solidary position that this particular project is not now turning out to be a project 
to come and launch. And the new project which we have, ringfenced that particular transaction 
and which is the part of the launches now. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay, thanks. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Dewang, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Dewang: 
Yes, good evening all. Just wanted to check one thing that currently, the debt equity ratio is 
around 0.47 and our expectation by end of the year is 1x. So what is going to be the expectation 
on a realistic number by financial year-end? That's my first question. 
And the second question is in current uncertain economic environment, what is the outlook on 
the real estate sector in the short term and medium term? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So I'll answer your first question regarding the debt equity ratio of 0.47. Yes, we have been very 
successful in managing the debt and reducing the debt equity. But as you can appreciate that we 
have the deep launch pipeline and a few of the projects which require a pre-RERA kind of a 
capital, which is going to create some kind of a requirement for the debt. But as we come near 
to the launch and then since velocity on launches, we are confident that those working capital 
loans will start coming and we can start coming back to the deleveraging. But yes, there would 
be about a quarter or two whereby this kind of a situation are going to be there. And that's the 
reason we gave the guidance of FY27 to 1x, but with this asset monetization and another also 
absolutely sealed out kind of a thing, we are now seeing a much lower levered position as we go 
forward kind of a thing. 
Dewang: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. 

 
 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
 
 
August 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Real estate outlook, I would invite Mr. Dhaval bhai. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
The real estate outlook is at least if I have to particularly talk generally, it is looking positive. 
We have not seen, even if you look at the numbers all across other developers and their 
companies also, numbers have been okay. The sales have been good wherever launches have 
happened. I think there is still a good demand for real estate. People have become cautious. I 
would not say they have not become cautious, but with this cautiousness, we are still seeing a 
good uptick in the luxury market and in the mid and luxury market. So the segments where we 
operate, even if I have to look at our sales numbers, although they may be a little subdued 
because we didn't have larger launches coming in, but at least for the sustained projects where 
we are continuing to have, we are seeing sales happening across every site. 
Dewang: 
Okay, great. And then last one more question that in the presentation, we see certain cash flows 
still coming from asset monetization. So any expectation during this financial year for the cash 
flow? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Yes. In fact, out of INR330 crores, INR89 crores is already has happened. And we made another 
disclosure regarding our stake sale for the one of our joint venture company, and that is what we 
are going to report in Q2 because we just sealed the deal in the month of  first week of July 2026. 
So that is going to be reported in Q2. It's the matter of cash flow. But yes, that is going to be a 
further acceleration to the cash flow realization out of this INR330 crores. 
Dewang: 
Okay, great. Thank you. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you, everybody, for participating in the call and about the company credentials and the 
progress on the project portfolio, keep interactions and stay safe until we connect next time. 
Thank you. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note:                                      1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record 
of the proceedings.  
2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference.  
                                                3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means          
without the prior written consent of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited. 
 
