 
 
 
DATAMATICS GLOBAL SERVICES LTD. 
Knowledge Centre, Plot 58, Street No. 17, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400 093. INDIA | Tel: +91 (22) 6102 0000/1/2   
|  Fax : +91 (22) 2834 3669  |  CIN: L72200MH1987PLC045205 | investors@datamatics.com | www.datamatics.com 
August 12, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeeboy Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
BSE Security Code: 532528 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: DATAMATICS 
 
 
Sub.: Transcript for Q1FY27 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015, please note that the transcript of the earnings call held on Thursday, August 
6, 2026 at 05:00 P.M. IST for discussion on Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter ended on June 30, 2026 is attached and also available on the website of the Company 
at https://www.datamatics.com/about-us/investor-relations/earnings-call.    
 
Kindly take the above on your record.  
 
For Datamatics Global Services Limited  
 
 
 
Divya Kumat 
President, Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary 
(FCS: 4611) 
 
 
   Encl: a/a 
 
 
DIVYA 
KUMAT
Digitally signed 
by DIVYA KUMAT 
Date: 2026.08.12 
14:58:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
  
“Datamatics Global Services Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 06, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL KANODIA – VICE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
MR. ANKUSH AKAR – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MR. MITUL MEHTA – EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT 
AND CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER  
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. PRATIK JAGTAP – E&Y INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Datamatics Global Services Limited Q1 
FY27 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Jagtap from E&Y Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Thank you, Anuskha. Good evening to all the participants in the call today, and welcome to Q1 
FY27 earnings call of Datamatics Global Services Limited. The results and presentation have 
already been mailed to you, and they are also available on the website of Datamatics. In case 
anyone has not received a copy of press release and presentation, please do write to us, and we 
will be happy to send it you all. 
 
To take us through the results today and to answer your questions, we have with us the top 
management of the company represented by Rahul Kanodia, Vice Chairman and CEO; Ankush 
Akar, EVP and CFO; Mitul Mehta, EVP and CMO. Rahul will start the call with brief overview 
of the quarter on business, which will be then followed by Ankush, who will take us through the 
financials. Then we will open the floor for the Q&A session. 
 
I would like to remind you that anything that is said on this call, which gives any outlook for the 
future, or which can be construed as a forward-looking statement, must be viewed in conjunction 
with the risks and uncertainties that we face. These risks and uncertainties are included but not 
limited to what we have mentioned in the prospectus filed with SEBI and subsequent annual 
reports, which you can find on our website. 
 
With that said, I now hand over the call to Rahul sir. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you, Pratik. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining the Datamatics Q1 FY27 
earnings call.  
I will begin by sharing some key highlights from our quarterly performance, following which 
Ankush will take you through the financial update in greater detail. We will then open the floor 
for a Q&A session. 
 
We have started the FY '27 on a positive note, demonstrating the resilience of our business model 
and the trust our customers have placed in us.  
Our revenue for Q1 FY27 grew at 9.9% on a year-on-year basis to INR 513.9 crores. EBITDA 
for the quarter stood at INR 101.1 crores, representing a 31.1% year-on-year increase, while our 
EBITDA margins improved by 343 basis points to 19.7%. This financial performance is a direct 
reflection of our continued focus on innovation, disciplined, cost management and operational 
excellence. 
 
We are seeing strong market validation of our AI-first strategy. Customers are increasingly 
choosing Datamatics for our ability to combine AI innovation with execution excellence, 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
enabling us to win larger, higher-value engagements across both existing and new customers. 
The majority of the new deals we have won this year have been on the back of our AI capabilities 
and some recent examples include: 
 
the SBI Life Insurance project, which selected Datamatics TruAI underwriting to 
redefine underwriting operations using agentic AI-powered automation. 
 
An American pet and wellness and veterinary care provider expanded its engagement 
with Datamatics to deploy an AI-powered voice agent, delivering natural 
conversation, faster response times, and enhanced customer satisfaction.  
 
A leading American consumer product company selected Datamatics KAiBRE and 
KAiSDLC an agentic AI-powered solution to extract and transform complex legacy 
business logic, accelerating application modernization, while enhancing scalability, 
reliability, and performance.  
These wins underscore the growing confidence customers place in our AI capability and our 
ability to translate AI innovation into measurable business benefits. 
 
I am pleased to announce that the integration of TNQTech into Lumina Datamatics is now 
complete. The combined organization has strengthened our capabilities and continues to show 
healthy growth. We have firmly reinforced our position as a global leader and rank amongst the 
top three digital content outsourcing companies in the world. 
 
Looking ahead, we are focused on building upon the strong start to the year. By accelerating the 
adoption of AI and advanced technologies across our solutions. We remain well positioned to 
help our customers stay ahead of the curve while driving sustainable long-term growth for our 
stakeholders. 
 
With that, I would now like to hand over the call to Ankush Akar for the financial update. 
Ankush Akar: 
Thank you, Rahul. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q1 FY27 earnings 
call. Let me take you through the financial performance for Q1 FY27.  
Our Q1 FY27 revenue stood at INR 513.9 crores, reflecting growth of 9.9% year-on-year.  
Our EBITDA stood at INR 101.1 crores, a growth of 33.1% year-on-year. Our EBITDA margin 
for the quarter stood at 19.7%, reflecting an expansion of 343 basis points year-on-year.  
Our EBIT stood at INR 78.4 crores, a growth of 39% year-on-year. Our EBIT margin for the 
quarter was 15.3%, reflecting an expansion of 319 basis points year-on-year.  
Our PAT after non-controlling interest was INR 72.3 crores, up by 43.5% year-on-year. Our 
PAT margin stood at 13.6% for the quarter. I'm pleased to share that we have recently rolled out 
our annual salary increments effective April 2026, and impact has been accounted during the 
quarter. 
 
In terms of segment, Digital Operations revenue for the quarter stood at INR 296.8 crores, which 
is up by 16.1% year-on-year. Digital Operations EBIT margin was at 19.3% for the quarter.  

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
                                                Digital Technologies revenue for the quarter stood at INR 153.1 crores, which is up by 6.1% 
year-on-year. Digital Technologies EBIT margin was at 8.9% for the quarter.  
Digital Experiences revenue stood at INR 64 crores, which is down by 5.3% year-on-year. 
Digital Experiences EBIT margin was 11.7% for the quarter. 
 
Our billed DSO was at 60 days as of June 2026. We continue to maintain a healthy balance sheet 
as of 30th of June 2026. Our net cash and investments (net of debt) stood at INR 710.2 crores. 
In terms of industry footprint, Education and Publishing was the largest segment for us, 
contributing 29% of the revenue, followed by technology and consulting contributing 20%, BFSI 
contributing 19%, manufacturing and logistics contributing 11%, retail contributing 9%, not-
for-profit and government contributing 8% and the rest are 4% of the revenues. 
 
Our client concentration remains very healthy with top 5, 10 and 20 clients contributing 30%, 
41% and 54%, respectively. Overall, we are pleased with our quarterly financial performance 
and remain confident in our strategy to drive sustainable growth. 
 
With this, I will now pass on the call to the operator to open the floor for questions. Thank you 
for your patience and continued interest in Datamatics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Yajat Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Yajat Shah: 
So, we expensed approximately INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores a year as AI R&D investment. 
So, what would be the guidance there for this year? Are we expending more or less this year as 
well? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We will keep it at approximately the same level because right now, there's a lot happening in 
that space, and we need to keep abreast with what's happening with latest technology, plus we 
are investing in the platform that we are building. So, we will sustain it at the same levels for 
this year. 
Yajat Shah: 
All right, sir. One more thing I wanted to ask, we have reported INR 710 crores approx cash 
balances. This is before the INR 200 crores TNQTech payout? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
That is correct. That payout was in this quarter. The numbers you're looking at INR 710 crores 
pertains to the last quarter-end. 
Yajat Shah: 
So, at current run rate, we would have INR 500 crores and approximately INR 200 crores from 
the remaining three quarters. So, we would again have maybe INR 700 crores. So, is there a plan 
for a buyback, or will that be used for a better allocation like from acquisition? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We are in dialogue with some companies from an M&A point of view. And no conversation has 
matured to the level that we need to sort of report it, but we are in dialogue with some companies. 
Yajat Shah: 
All right, sir. And last question, would we report segment-wise data for AI as a service sooner 
or later, since we are ramping up there? 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
Rahul Kanodia: 
A lot of the projects have, will have an integral AI component. And therefore, it might be 
difficult to call out just AI in itself. There are some projects that are purely AI, but many other 
projects have a combination of AI and the legacy work. So, it may be difficult to fully pull out 
only AI because everything will be automated on the back of AI. So, let's see how the projects 
unfold, but I don't think we'll end up doing a pure AI reporting because, pretty much across the 
board, we will be implementing AI. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of George John from Equity Intelligence. 
George John: 
It's good to see the pickup in revenue and margin of your digital operations segment. But over 
the past few periods, the Digital Technology segment has kind of had a muted growth alongside 
some margin pressure.  
                                                So, is there some sort of seasonality in Q1 or the fact that we have added some clients in the past 
few quarters, what are your aspirations for growth and margins, especially in the segment going 
forward? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, we are seeing a good traction we are getting on the KAi underwriting solution and the 
KAiSDLC and KAiBRE solutions. These are for enterprise modernization. We have kicked off 
some projects in that space already. So, the customer response has been very encouraging 
because these are for legacy modernization and using these tools, which are all AI-powered or 
largely driven by AI, the risk factor comes down, the timeline comes down.  
So, a project that will take three years can be probably done in six months now. So, because of 
that, we see a lot of interest from customers looking for legacy modernization. So, it reverse 
engineers legacy systems, extracts business tools and then forward-engineers that to the target 
environment. So, I'm quite bullish on the Digital Technologies.  
Also, the underwriting solutions that we built is getting a good response. We are in dialogue 
with all the top insurance companies in India and of course, some of the good ones in the U.S. 
and Europe as well. And once again, I'm very confident that, that will give us a good revenue 
stream. 
George John: 
So, the underwriting product is going to be clubbed within digital technologies, is it? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. What's happening actually is that we are getting a combination of both. So, operations and 
technologies are coming together because operations understand business processes and 
technology understand technology. And it's only when they work together that you are able to 
deliver the maximum value to the customers. So, we are seeing more and more situations where 
they need to work as an integrated solution.  
And then it becomes a little difficult to separate them out as independent units or independent 
streams. So, yes, a lot of our investments that we are making, we talk about it has been going 
into the digital technology space. So, we will recognize revenue there as well. 
George John: 
So, have you started booking revenue for this particular product? Or are we yet to see it? 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We have started booking. We've got the first customer. We'll have a few more very soon. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Nishita Shanklesha from Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
So, I just wanted to understand, we had a very good growth in Q1 FY27 Y-o-Y. So, is this growth 
trajectory going to continue? What sort of growth can we see for the whole year FY27? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, we have projected a high single-digit growth in our guidance. We are maintaining that. There 
is still a degree of softness in the market because of the war and the uncertainties. Fortunately, 
the conversions on AI have been higher. If you look at the  current financial year, about 60% of 
the deals we won have been AI-led or largely AI-driven. So, we see a good conversion ratio 
there, but we do see still some degree of softness in the market. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
Right. So, like in Q1, we did around 43% growth Y-o-Y and you're giving a single-digit growth 
guidance for the whole year seems a little inconsistent, which is   because of some seasonality 
where H1 is more dominating than H2. Is that the case? 
Ankush Akar: 
What we are highlighting is the revenue growth which is Y-o-Y growth of 9.9%, which you see 
right now, INR 513.9 crores is what we did. The 43% growth is for the PAT. We will continue 
to maintain the healthy EBITDA margins, and we will sustain that. 
Nishita Shanklesha: 
And my second question is that our TNQTech integration is fully completed, what sort of 
revenue did TNQTech complemented in Q1? 
Ankush Akar: 
So, TNQTech, anyway it has been fully integrated in our business. And what you see in terms 
of the Digital Operations revenue, it is already integrated into that, and that's the kind of 
improvement and growth that we have seen across the Digital Operations segment. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
TNQTech is growing healthily, but I think going forward, what we need to look at is our Digital 
Content space, which is part of Digital Operations and an integrated offering. But I think the 
growth rate was, I don't have the exact numbers with me, somewhere in the range of about 12% 
to 14%. It's been a very good acquisition for us. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Yajat Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Yajat Shah: 
So, one question regarding our business transformation. As we are integrating towards TNQTech 
and Lumina Datamatics publishing businesses, I can see that the margins there are significantly 
higher at 24% to 25% EBITDA compared to the original business. So, do we plan on eventually 
shifting towards high 20s margin? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, across the board, we are at about 19-odd percent EBITDA margin. We are looking at about, 
roughly 0.5% improvement in this financial year. So, we should be hitting closer to 20% this 
financial year. Some of the other practices are showing an upswing. Digital Experiences, we've 
got some good deals going. We signed a few good deal sizes in this financial year. So, they're 
seeing an upswing.  
On the Digital Technologies front, there are two parts to it. One is that we continue to book all 
our investments into this service area because all our investments are fundamentally in the area 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
of technology. So, I think if you remove that, if you remove INR 40 crores to INR 50 crores of 
investment, then you can see a much healthier EBITDA margin on that practice area. So, I think 
if you make those adjustments, you will see a fairly healthy margin across the board. 
Yajat Shah: 
So a follow-up to that. You were saying that if we add back the R&D spend, so is the R&D 
spend fixed for every year or eventually we will reduce it or instead increase it? Is there a 
guidance on that spend? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, right now, for this year, we will maintain it, in the past, we've maintained it at that level. 
Really because the whole world of AI is moving so fast and so many new things are coming, it's 
very hard to predict what will be the budget next year. But certainly for this year, we will 
maintain that spend. When we do our planning for next year, we'll take a call as to what really 
the spend should be next year. But at this juncture, it's too early to say what the budget will be 
for next year. 
Yajat Shah: 
All right, sir. And on the customer front, are we transitioning and looking for more sectors 
outside the insurance, banking and logistics side like except those? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, we are trying to focus on these sectors, and I think focus is very important. Occasionally, we 
do come across opportunities. When we come across opportunities, we may pick it up. But we 
are not focused on those other sectors. We are focused on these core sectors. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Ritika Sheth from Anantaya Wealth Advisors. 
Ritika Sheth: 
Just wanted to ask more of a logical question regarding the competitive position. How do you 
feel the competitive landscape has evolved over the last threeto six quarters, considering a lot of 
companies which are into digital tech and digital operations, particularly the larger ones like 
Persistent or Coforge. How do we see the competitive scenario in this business avenues going 
forward? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
 I can't comment on Persistent and Coforge types of companies. We don't tend to come across 
them too much in the customers that we are targeting. But we do see competitive situations 
coming up with many local auto tech companies who are well funded, who are bringing new 
technology solutions to the market. So, we tend to come across those. And then, of course, we 
also come across the internal tech teams or their own captives.  
Many companies are looking at India for setting up their captives and also their own tech teams 
are playing around with artificial intelligence. So, we see more competition coming from internal 
teams, from GCCs and not so much from the other tech players. The start-up ecosystem, which 
tends to be well funded and they bring in some interesting solutions. 
Ritika Sheth: 
Okay. And one more question is, do we have any like a 5-year blueprint on where does the 
company want to reach by theyear 2032 or say, 2030 in terms of margins or in terms of net profit 
in any of these metrics? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes. So, we are looking at about a 3-year window of about INR 3,000-odd crores. We are about 
INR 2,000 crores right now roughly. So, we are looking at roughly in that range. And then, of 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
course, on top of that, we might have some inorganic. So, it's a mixture of organic and inorganic 
growth. That's the current outlook.  
Having said that, because there's so much change and transformation happening in the industry, 
it's very hard to predict exactly where you will go because right now, I think the entire 
outsourcing industry and the tech and BPO industry will go through a huge change because of 
the dynamics of AI. 
Ritika Sheth: 
Agreed sir. Just wanted a follow-up question on the existing answer. Is that INR 3,000 crores 
starting from FY27 or FY28? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Yes, the current year. 
Ritika Sheth: 
And what are the EBITDA margins we're looking at year-end? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
We are roughly maintaining the same 19% to 20% EBITDA margins. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pratik Jagtap from E&Y Investor Relations. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
 I would like to take this opportunity and ask two questions. So, I just wanted to ask you, what 
are the key factors required to accelerate this revenue growth from here on? As you mentioned, 
you are targeting INR 3,000 crores mark by next three years to four years. So, what will be the 
key revenue drivers? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
I think the key revenue drivers are how well these AI-based platforms take off, the agentic 
underwriting, claim processing, the KAiBRE, KAiSDLC, SuperCX that we have for contact 
center automation, front office automation. It's really these platforms that will be the key drivers, 
and that's where we are investing our energy behind. And then, of course, there will be some 
degree of bolt-on acquisitions as well. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Okay. Definitely. And what can go wrong in this, if you say like in FY27 or in next 1 year, what 
can go wrong? What are the risks here for us? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
I think the risks is that when the customers are automating because today, every customer is very 
sharply focused on automation. And if they do a lot of automation, which they will and they 
choose not to outsource the automation to companies like Datamatics and third-party 
organizations, but try to do things themselves, then the outsourcing budgets will shrink, and that 
would have a pressure on all companies in the outsourcing world in India, particularly.  
And also their move towards captives. Some of the organizations are looking at setting up their 
own captives. So, captives like GCC. So that's where we could have some risk. So tworisks. One 
is automation by themselves and the second is the captives. But the global economy, I think 
needs to stabilize.  
Right now, there's some degree of softness because of this uncertainty of the war. Every day, 
today, there's war tomorrow it stops, then day after it starts again. So, you really don't know 
which way it's going to go. I think that needs to settle down. And once that settles down, the 
world will be in a little more sort of stable situation. 

 
Datamatics Global Services Limited 
 
 
August 06, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Pratik Jagtap: 
Okay. And one last question. How are the customer spending patterns evolving in different 
verticals in different geographies like U.S. and Europe? Are we seeing any changes? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
No major changes. They are flirting more with the AI space. So, they are investing more on 
automation. But outside of that, there's no really pattern shift other than some degree of softness 
that we see, but there's no as such pattern, then the trends we talked about is GCC and 
automation, but those are the trends that we see generally. Yes. The projects are becoming 
smaller tenure projects versus the large annuity deals that they were in the industry traditionally 
because many of the AI projects are smaller 3 months, 6 months, 9 months and not a 3-year, 5-
year type deals. 
Pratik Jagtap: 
But will those have any impact on margins or because we are getting smaller projects or will 
those have any impact on our margins or our deal size is shrinking in that case? 
Rahul Kanodia: 
So, actually, our deal sizes are going up. It's just that they're not the annuity types. The deal size 
have actually gone up. But margins are where they are. There's no major shrinkage. These are 
really long transformation type projects. So, yes. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Kanodia: 
Thank you, everyone, for participating in our Q1 earnings call. We really appreciate the time 
you spent with us, and we look forward to speaking with you again at the end of next quarter. 
Thank you again, and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Datamatics Global Services Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the 
proceedings. 
 
