 
Registered Office Akurdi Pune 411035 India  
 
 
 
 
      CIN L65993PN2007PLC130076 
  investors@bajajauto.co.in 
 
27 July 2026 
 
To 
Corporate Relations Department. 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Tower  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001.  
To 
Corporate Listing Department. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C-1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), MUMBAI 400 051. 
 
 
BSE CODE: 532977
NSE CODE: BAJAJ-AUTO
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call held in respect of the Company’s Q1 and FY27 
results. 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 21 July 2026 in respect 
of the Company’s Q1 and FY27 results. 
The transcript is also hosted on the Company’s website at    
https://www.bajajauto.com/investors/financial-and-operational-performance   
 
Kindly take this on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rajiv Gandhi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
ACS 11263 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAJIV 
NATVARLA
L GANDHI
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV NATVARLAL 
GANDHI 
Date: 2026.07.27 
16:15:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Bajaj Auto Limited 
Q1 FY 2027 Results Conference Call” 
July 21, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAKESH SHARMA – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
– BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
MR. DINESH THAPAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
MR. ANAND NEWAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
BAJAJ AUTO LIMITED 
 
 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to Q1 FY 2027 Results Conference Call of 
Bajaj Auto Limited. My name is Neerav, and I will be your coordinator. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there'll be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the initial remarks of the management. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Newar, Head, Investor Relations from Bajaj Auto 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Newar. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for the call today. 
Welcome to Bajaj Auto's Q1 FY '27 earnings call. On today's call, we have with us Mr. Rakesh 
Sharma, Joint Managing Director; and Mr. Dinesh Thapar, Chief Financial Officer. We will 
begin our call with the opening remarks from Rakesh on the business and operational 
performance for the quarter, followed by Dinesh, who will take us through the financial 
highlights. We will then open the forum for Q&A. Thank you. Over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Anand. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome. Thank you all for joining 
in. So, quarter 1 has built further on the record-breaking financial year '26 by delivering the 
highest quarterly performance across all parameters. Volumes at 1.4 million, revenue of 
INR17,000 crores, EBITDA of INR3,500 crores and PAT of INR3,000 crores, along with 
EBITDA margins of 20.9%. I think all of these results beat most of your estimates. 
 
It was a tough quarter with RM inflation, supply chain and logistics disruptions as well as a 
ransomware attack, which you may have read about, but it was defended comprehensively and 
successfully. Though exercising abundant caution, we suspended operations for a few days to 
complete thorough checks and investigations. All of these above issues combined impaired 
availabilities by about 10% to 15%, more so in exports, high-end bikes and EVs. But for these 
disruptions, these business areas would have recorded an even better performance. And I would 
say that we were looking at crossing 1.5 million units this quarter, which got sort of hampered 
because of these issues. 
 
While all the BUs delivered handsome growth, I would like to call out the super performance of 
exports and EVs. Taken together, our electric two-wheeler and three-wheeler businesses 
delivered their largest ever quarter and are now at 30% of domestic revenues with double-digit 
EBITDA percentage. Electric mobility is a meaningful contributor to the company growth and 
profitability, opening up new segments, both in domestic and overseas markets. 
 
Let's get to the business units now. Exports business unit, the business unit established a new 
high of 7,32,000 units in the quarter and USD 735 million revenue in the quarter. The BU 
accounts for 40% of Bajaj Auto by revenue. Of the top 30 markets, which account for almost 
80% of the industry, we continue to significantly outpace the industry growth by over 2x, thereby 
increasing our market shares very strongly in these important markets. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
Notably, exports growth was not just faster than the industry, but was broad-based across all the 
regions, except MENA, this is Middle East and North Africa, for obvious reasons, and was 
achieving superior price positions when compared to Q4. African markets did very well, 
growing by almost 50% and we grew by twice that rate. We doubled our retail in Africa, led by 
the new introduction last year of the upgrade of the Boxer 125, which is now called Boxer 125 
Heavy Duty. Nigeria led the growth, being in a pre-election phase, which increases institutional 
sales. By our estimates, a disproportionate share of this expansion was captured by us, doubling 
retails year-on-year and delivering a market share of almost 60% in retail terms. The solid 
franchise of the Boxer brand and a wide footprint of retail and service network powered the 
performance. 
 
Latin American markets also grew, albeit at a slower pace than before. And here too, the 
performance was way, way above the industry, particularly in Mexico, which is the largest 
market in LatAm. The combination of the success of our high-end models, the NS series, the 
N250s, etcetera, a well-organized supply chain in Mexico, which gets the best tariffs at 3% and 
a wide distribution network continued to strengthen the competitive position in this key market, 
which is now amongst the top 5 markets of the world. 
 
Retails in Brazil clocked 50%-plus growth with a very healthy financial performance in the 
subsidiary. Our store count stands at 75 top-plus stores, and it continues to be expanded. The 
entire Latin American region is a very strong driver of not just our export performance in terms 
of volume and revenue, but also of corporate EBITDA now. 
 
The Asian industry was muted due to underperformance in the countries of Bangladesh and 
Nepal. And our objective was to protect market share and keep the dealer network strengthened. 
A series of launches were made in Philippines, along with establishment of exclusive motorcycle 
stores to serve the high-end motorcycle customer as part of our strategic thrust to build the 
personal motorcycling category over there through these new products and new stores. 
 
KTM motorcycle exports from India have revived after the disruption of past several quarters. 
In quarter 1, KTM exports from India grew by 20% plus, while the Triumph brand exports grew 
by 40% year-on-year. Three-wheeler exports delivered a record of 100,000 units, growing by 
almost 70%, commanding a dominant market share of over 65% of three-wheeler exports from 
India, and our growth of secular across regions in mature as well as nascent markets. 
 
Overall, the exports business, which like I said is 40% of our revenue, has established an 
outstanding growth momentum and we are looking at moving exports to beyond the 2,50,000 
per month level this quarter and onwards. And as you will recall, we were, just a few quarters 
earlier, trying to knock at 2,00,000. 
 
Domestic two-wheelers, to capture some synergies, we have brought our electric two-wheeler 
business in the umbrella of the two-wheeler business unit. The two-wheeler industry turned in a 
resilient performance as registrations grew by 14% year-on-year in quarter 1, though much lower 
than the 25% growth of quarter 4, but under the circumstances, a very healthy performance. This 
growth was driven by EV scooters and the 150cc to 400cc segment of motorcycles. The 100cc 
and 125cc segments were flattish, resulting in a motorcycle growth in the industry of 7%. So, 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
the two-wheeler industry is really being driven by EV scooter and the 150-plus segment. The 
Bajaj motorcycles account for 25% of our revenues. Here, we continue to witness faster than 
industry growth in the 150cc-plus segment on the back of new variants. 
 
I would just break down the domestic motorcycle business into the turnaround program, which 
we have launched. This is an exercise we had commenced post festive in November in Q3 last 
year. It was a program to address end-of-cycle fatigue being faced by parts of the portfolio. The 
reinvigoration of the 150cc-plus segment was prioritized first. This has resulted in sales 
outperforming the industry by 1.5x in this segment despite some elements of the old portfolio 
still being a drag. 
 
The performance has been secular across all states. All states, I think barring one, have shown 
growth with the new models of the N and NS series, which are now contributing almost 60% of 
our sales in the 150cc-plus segment, signalling a healthy acceptance of the refreshed portfolio. 
Consequently, we have seen on the basis of Vahan, expansion in market share of a couple of 
percentage points in the last 5 months. Going forward, we will complete this exercise for the 
150cc segment by the introduction of an absolutely new 150cc under the Pulsar brand and 10 
facelifts in the 160cc to 400cc range with class-leading features and superior engine 
performance. The next focus is the 125cc segment where, again, an absolutely new 125cc will 
be introduced in the Pulsar brand, along with a couple of new upgrades. Our aim is to accomplish 
this exhaustive portfolio makeover within the next 6 weeks. So, by the time we meet next in 
October, we should be able to give you some early reports of their acceptance. Further, in the 
year, we aim to introduce 2 new brands in the 125cc segment to cover the full spectrum of 
customers in this large segment as well as proposition customers from the 100cc segment to 
upgrade. 
 
In Pro-Biking, comprising the KTM and Triumph brands, the business continued its accelerated 
growth trajectory during the quarter. Together, KTM and Triumph delivered another record 
performance with combined domestic volumes of nearly 40,000 motorcycles, growing more 
than 50% year-on-year. KTM performance was strong across both the Adventure and Duke 
portfolios, with the Adventure range delivering another record quarter. Triumph maintained 
healthy momentum with the recently launched Tracker 400 with styling inspired from flat-track 
racing. Together, with KTM Adventure and Triumph Scrambler, we now lead the Adventure 
category in India. Customer engagements were vigorous in both brands through initiatives like 
the KTM Moto Carnival, Duke's Track Experience, the World of Triumph and the Distinguished 
Gentleman's Ride, all of which were very well received. The rollout of the joint KTM-Triumph 
stores to expand reach while ensuring store viability is progressing steadily with now almost 90 
outlets operational.  
                                                Chetak, electric scooter volumes continued to scale rapidly with 65% year-on-year growth, 
driving EV penetration to almost 25% of ICE scooters at an all-India level. And in some states, 
actually going beyond 50% already. Within this environment, Chetak outperformed the industry, 
growing nearly 80% year-on-year and delivering its highest ever quarter in terms of volumes, 
revenues and profitability. The newly launched Agile and Light Chetak 2501, aimed at the 
younger buyers, continued to do well and now constitutes almost 12% of the 5-model portfolio 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
under the Chetak brand. Demand, however, continued to remain ahead of our ability to supply. 
Capacity expansion has been undertaken, with an immediate and medium-term focus to enable 
us better serve the growing market. The reach of Chetak today stands at over 530 exclusive 
stores, supported by a wide network of 4,500 customer touch points across more than 850 cities. 
As capacity improves, we expect to support not only domestic growth, but also accelerate our 
international expansion. 
 
So, the domestic two-wheelers, which account, together with KTM, Triumph, Chetak, Pulsar, 
Dominar and Platina brands, they account for about 40% of our revenues. And collectively and 
driven by the outstanding performance of the 150cc motorcycles, KTM motorcycles, Triumph 
motorcycles and Chetak, I can safely say we were the fastest-growing two-wheeler in quarter 1. 
 
In commercial vehicles, the three-wheeler industry, including e-ricks, grew by 11% year-on-
year, driven by a doubling of sales of e-autos, which now constitute 44% of the L5 segment. Q1 
saw our highest ever billings and retail performance. The ICE franchise remained rock-solid 
with a market share of about 70%, and leadership position in EV was maintained. 
 
In the L3 or the e-ricks segment, our newly introduced Riki is progressing steadily with presence 
now in nearly 150 cities. Our focus is to upgrade customers through superior quality, reliability 
and ownership experience as we see the category has a good expansion opportunity with a very, 
very specific use case. With a 12-model portfolio in electric three-wheelers, we possess the 
widest portfolio from the smallest to the largest vehicles with the longest range covering the full 
spectrum of use cases in passenger as well as cargo. Interestingly, demand has been robust on 
the ICE side too, particularly in exports. The three-wheeler development in multiple markets is 
driving growth. Capacity issues restricted sales of some models, both in India and overseas.  
                                                The spares business maintained its run rate of INR1,700-plus crores in quarter 1 too, whilst 
delivering record margins. 
 
In closing, Q1 was a volatile quarter, but was successfully navigated. The supply chain 
disruption should be easing off in Q2, so it should help grow the top line, and the weakness of 
the Indian rupee will hopefully be helpful in mitigating cost increases. But inflation and 
international logistics will need to be managed closely. Having said that, the demand 
environment, both in domestic and international, particularly in our key markets, is very positive, 
though the business environment may still be a bit volatile. However, putting it all together, the 
outlook is promising. Capacities have emerged as a key constraint to growth. So, with an eye on 
the future, we are undertaking an expansion of capacity by almost 25% from the current 7 million 
units per annum across different businesses to progressively go up to 9 million units per annum. 
The key areas to address will be EVs, both two-wheelers and three-wheelers, high-end 
motorcycles and three-wheelers. 
 
In conclusion, through Q2 and the rest of FY '27, our focus will remain on the 7 key areas: 
Domestic motorcycles, achieving a superior competitive position and growth in the 125cc-plus 
segment by leveraging the imminent total portfolio makeover. Exports should pass the 250,000 
per month level on the back of leadership in sports segment of LatAm and a more aggressive 
share gain in commercial bikes in Africa, again, on the basis of the growing success of the Boxer 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
125 Heavy Duty. Super premium sports segment, accelerate growth in both Triumph and KTM 
business network expansion and investment in niche segment development like adventure and 
sport. In electric business, capture share of the rapid industry growth in both two-wheelers and 
three-wheelers. Certainly, capacity management and maximization of availability will be 
attracting a lot of management attention. In KTM AG continue to support the management in 
the turnaround underway, bringing KTM AG back to its normative levels. And finally, BACL, 
we will continue to build capability in BACL and continue to deliver class-leading performance 
out there. 
 
With that, let me hand the session over to Dinesh. 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Thank you, Rakesh. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this call. You've 
just heard from Rakesh that the company delivered its best ever quarterly performance on 
revenue and profit, underpinned by record volumes. This growth has been broad-based with all 
our businesses, domestic motorcycles, domestic three-wheelers, electric two-wheelers and 
exports, all contributing meaningfully to deliver this performance. And when you look at it, 
every cut of the business, whether it's ICE or EV, two-wheelers or three-wheelers and domestic 
or exports, all delivering double-digit growth.  
                                                Before I get into the financial performance, let me spend a few minutes on what has truly been 
a very significant factor of this quarter, the very volatile operating environment. 
 
On commodity inflation, as many of you would recall, when we last met in May, I had indicated 
that the operating environment had turned sharply inflationary, and we were estimating 
commodity inflation to be in the range of 3.5% to 4%. We had also then spoken about having 
taken pricing actions to offset about 40% of that impact while continuing to watch the situation 
closely and act dynamically as the quarter progressed. Through the quarter, commodity inflation 
intensified even further. Inflation across the metals complex accelerated meaningfully through 
May, taking the overall inflationary impact for the quarter to about 4.5% of revenue. It was 
clearly a hyperinflationary commodity environment with virtually the entire basket witnessing 
sharp increases. Steel rose by upwards of 10%, aluminum and platinum by nearly 40%, rhodium 
as well by 40%, while ABS, copper, nickel and natural rubber also moved up quite substantially 
through the quarter. In fact, as the quarter progressed, we also started to witness inflation 
building up across proprietary components, electronics, energy, logistics and labour costs, 
resulting in higher overall conversion costs as well. 
 
Now as many of you would appreciate, those of you who've been in this industry for a long time, 
we've rarely witnessed commodity inflation of this order of magnitude compressed into such a 
short period of time. To put this in perspective, the commodity inflation we absorbed in this 
single quarter was greater than the totality of the inflation that we've experienced over the 
previous 2 financial years put together. That, I believe, gives you a sense of the sheer intensity 
and enormity of the issue that we were faced with on the cost environment. 
 
That said, we also responded decisively. And as I had indicated in the previous call, we 
responded with calibrated pricing very judiciously taken through April and June, enabling us to 
offset nearly about half of the inflation through pricing. The balance on margin was absorbed 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
through a host of factors, notably dollar realization and discretionary cost rationalization that I'll 
talk about as we get into the financials. 
 
The second defining feature of the quarter was the series of supply chain and network disruptions 
that emerged across multiple fronts, making the operating environment considerably more 
complex than what we've typically experienced. While none of these challenges in isolation 
would have materially impacted the business, this simultaneous occurrence required a very high 
degree of operational agility and execution across the organization. 
 
To start with, fuel availability became a significant challenge early in the quarter following the 
curtailment of industrial LPG supplies. This necessitated a rapid reconfiguration of our energy 
consumption pattern across both our own operations as well as the wider vendor ecosystem. And 
accelerated efforts were taken to optimize fuel consumption and increased dependence on 
alternate energy sources, namely PNG and electric, all while ensuring their production 
schedules, by and large, remain unaffected. 
 
At the same time, geopolitical developments in West Asia led to force majeure declarations by 
certain global suppliers and disrupted maritime logistics, resulting in tightness across key raw 
materials, particularly aluminum alloys and polymers. Our procurement teams responded swiftly 
by onboarding multiple alternate sources, both domestic as well as global, and thereby ensuring 
continuity of supplies despite a very fluid sourcing environment. 
 
We also experienced localized manpower availability challenges during parts of the quarter, 
driven by higher cost of living arising from spiralling LPG costs and workforce migration due 
to elections. The seasonal effect of this factor aside, the level of labour shortage was 
exceptionally pronounced this year and particularly stifled production in the months of April and 
May. Across each of these situations, our teams acted with remarkable speed and coordination 
to minimize the impact on the business. 
 
While these disruptions did constrain our ability to fully service demand and resulted in some 
loss of production opportunities of about 10% of volume during the quarter, the business still 
delivered record volumes and financial performance. It is therefore fair to say that had it not 
been for these external supply shocks and constraints, both our volumes and financial outcomes 
as reported externally would have been even stronger. 
 
Currency. On the currency front, the story continued to remain distinctly favourable. The rupee 
depreciation provided an important and welcome cushion to manage the very sharp and 
significant impact of an exceptionally inflationary quarter. As I mentioned, over the last few 
quarters, this has been a structural advantage for the business here. Given the strength and 
diversity of our portfolio with exports now accounting for nearly 40 - 45% of the business. The 
rupee depreciated through Q1, with a realized USD-INR rate coming in at INR94.4 versus 
INR90.6 in the previous quarter and INR85.6 in the same quarter last year. 
 
Turning now to the financial performance. Building on the momentum that we have seen over 
the last few quarters, the business delivered yet another record quarter with volumes, revenues 
and profits scaling new highs. On revenue, volumes reached an all-time high of over 1.4 million 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
units, a growth of 29% year-on-year, while revenue from operations crossed the INR17,000 
crores mark for the very first time, coming in at INR17,244 crores, representing a robust 37% 
year-on-year growth. What I find noteworthy about this performance is that you will have 
noticed virtually every operating lever of the business has contributed to this top line. Volume 
remained the single largest driver with the business delivering strong sales growth across both 
domestic and export markets. Pricing, as I discussed earlier, was implemented in a calibrated 
manner through April and June to recover a significant portion of the unprecedented commodity 
inflation. Currency continued to provide an important cushion against the elevated cost 
environment. And mix remains structurally favourable. The continued strength of commercial 
vehicles, premium motorcycles, exports and the steadily increasing contribution of electric 
vehicles all enhanced the buildup of our revenues. 
 
In addition, spares revenue was at a steady range of between INR1,700 crores to INR1,800 
crores, providing a recurring support to overall revenues and profitability.  
                                                On EBITDA, the quarter came in at INR3,596 crores, again, an all-time high, with a strong 45% 
year-on-year growth. EBITDA margins inched up to 20.9%, an improvement of 10 basis points 
sequentially despite the hyperinflationary commodity environment that I'd spoken about. If the 
revenue story was all about all 4 levers of growth coming together, volume, pricing, currency 
and mix, the profitability story was even more compelling. While revenues grew 37%, EBITDA 
grew by 45% and the ability of the business to convert strong top line growth into higher earnings 
despite operating in an extremely volatile and challenging environment. I believe it's the 
hallmark of this quarter's performance. 
 
As I had mentioned quite categorically during our last interaction in May, that in an environment 
such as this one, one had to be extremely disciplined on cost, particularly discretionary spending. 
And I'm pleased to say that as an organization, we responded exactly in that manner. So over 
and above the revenue drivers, higher volumes translated into meaningful operating leverage 
and the EV business continued to improve its profitability, driven by scale and value 
engineering. And the organization remains intensely focused on sourcing efficiencies and 
prudent control and questions over discretionary expenditure. 
 
To sum it up, the sequential margin expansion was primarily supported by higher realizations 
and a richer mix that you will see reflected on the GM, gross margin line, which reduced the 
extent of the severe commodity inflation, which was then made up by operating leverage arising 
from higher volumes and disciplined cost management across the organization that you will see 
reflected on the other expenses line. Together these factors more than offset the challenges on 
input cost inflation even after the pricing actions were taken through the quarter. 
 
On a year-on-year basis, margins improved by 110 basis points, primarily driven by favourable 
currency movements and improved operating leverage, which more than offset the adverse cost 
versus price dynamics. All of this flowed through to the bottom line as well with profit after tax 
coming in a tad under INR3,000 crores, again, a new high for the company and up 42% year-
on-year. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
 
Quickly a word on cash. The company continued to generate strong free cash flow during the 
quarter, reflecting the underlying quality of earnings and robust cash conversion. We generated 
over INR2,300 crores of free cash flow during this quarter, almost double that of the same period 
last year, translating into a cash conversion of almost 80% of profit after tax. The balance sheet 
continues to remain very healthy with surplus cash in excess of INR21,000 crores at the end of 
the June quarter, well managed and providing sufficient fuel for future growth investments, 
strategic opportunities and improved shareholder returns. 
 
Before I move to the consolidated numbers, let me make one point upfront for your attention. 
The year-on-year comparison this quarter on our consolidated results is not entirely comparable, 
not like-for-like, as it includes the consolidation of a full quarter of Bajaj Mobility AG's results 
through our Netherlands subsidiary, BAIH BV, which was not part of the base quarter. You will 
recall that we had started to consolidate Bajaj Mobility's results in the last quarter, but the last 
quarter did not have a full quarter's numbers. This was the first time that the consolidated 
numbers have a full quarter of Bajaj Mobility's numbers in the current one. Having said that, for 
those of you who've been following the underlying businesses over the last few quarters, I think 
the direction of travel is becoming increasingly evident. The contribution from our subsidiaries 
is increasingly and steadily becoming more meaningful as each of these businesses continues to 
gain scale and significance. 
 
On a consolidated basis, standalone revenues of INR17,200 crores translated into consolidated 
revenues of INR21,689 crores, reflecting a 65% year-on-year growth, while consolidated profit 
after tax came in at INR3,226 crores for the quarter, up 46% year-on-year. This quarter, the 
stronger consolidated growth was driven by the solid performance of Bajaj Auto Credit Limited, 
which I will talk about in a bit, the steady expansion of our Brazilian subsidiary and the 
consolidation of a full quarter's results of Bajaj Mobility AG. 
 
Let me now spend a quick minute on KTM and BACL. On KTM, as you are aware, this is the 
first full quarter of line-by-line consolidation, and therefore, certain aspects of comparability 
will naturally normalize over the coming quarters, and we will speak more on it as we progress 
with each one. 
 
On the operational front, the turnaround continues to progress in line with the road map we had 
outlined internally compared to the same period last year when production had virtually come 
to a standstill during the restructuring process. Manufacturing has now progressively ramped up 
through the year and is approaching underlying retail demand. Billing performance has 
improved in line with this recovery. At the same time, the planned normalization of dealer and 
plant inventories has largely been completed, with inventory levels now stabilizing at the desired 
levels across the broader system. We are also seeing the benefits of tighter cost control on fixed 
costs and other overheads, and these improvements are now becoming evident in the financial 
performance. These indicators remain an important focus area as we continue to execute the 
turnaround in a calibrated manner. 
 
I know that many of you are already in touch with the management team of KTM and would, 
therefore, have access to the public disclosures and updates, including the recent ones made by 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
BMAG, where many of these details can be tracked. That said, from our side, Anand and the 
Investor Relations team will, of course, be happy to provide any further details and clarity that 
you may need. 
 
On BACL, it continues to scale at a very healthy pace and delivered yet another quarter of very 
strong performance. Total income crossed INR1,100 crores, while profit after tax for the quarter 
came in at INR227 crores, more than doubling the same time over last year. To give you a sense 
of the scale of business, assets under management have now hit the INR20,000 crores mark, 
representing a growth of over 70% year-on-year. The capital adequacy ratio remained healthy at 
19%, while the business continues to deliver an industry-leading return on equity of over 25% 
as of June 2026. Similarly, BACL's financial results, press release and other regulatory 
disclosures are available in the public domain by virtue of its CP and NCD listings. So, for those 
of you who would like to explore the performance in greater detail, that is now out there. 
 
Let me close with a brief outlook. As we look ahead, the operating environment continues to 
remain extremely volatile, complex and uncertain. One important change that we have observed 
as the first quarter has progressed is that inflation is no longer confined to the base metals 
complex. The cost pressures have become more broader, with proprietary components, 
electronics, electrical parts, labour, logistics and energy and conversion now moving up 
simultaneously and meaningfully. While the business experienced only a part of this broader 
cost inflation during the first quarter, the second quarter is likely to reflect its impact over the 
full period. At this stage, however, it would be premature to put a precise number around the 
inflationary impact given the many moving parts. 
 
The environment continues to evolve almost on a weekly basis and remains heavily influenced 
by global developments and geopolitical events. Consequently, any estimate that we provide 
today could look very different in a few weeks from now. As always, we will continue to respond 
dynamically. Pricing remains one lever, but not the only one. We will continue to focus on value 
engineering, sourcing initiatives, productivity and disciplined cost management, while closely 
monitoring the currency environment, which has provided an important cushion over the past 
several quarters. How much of that support continues will naturally depend on how the rupee 
evolves over the coming months in the context of the initiatives and measures announced by 
RBI. Our approach, however, remains unchanged. We will continue to protect the 
competitiveness of the business, remain very disciplined on costs, invest behind strategic 
priorities and respond with agility as the external environment evolves. 
 
With that, let me hand the call back to Anand and open the floor for questions. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you Dinesh. Neerav, with this, we can open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press * and 1 on their touchtone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself 
from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use handsets while 
asking a question. A request to all the participants, kindly limit yourself to two questions per 
participant, and rejoin the queue for a follow-up question. First question is from the line of Kapil 
Singh from Nomura. Please go ahead.  

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Kapil Singh: 
Good evening and congratulations, sir. My first question is on the demand side. You mentioned 
that demand in the premium segments remains strong, but we haven't seen that kind of traction 
in the below 125cc segments. And this is despite support coming in from the GST cut. So, is it 
the customer preference or that is changing very rapidly? Or is it that the customer in that 
segment itself is facing some kind of stress? Also related to this, is there a shift also happening 
from ICE to EVs? And if so, from which segment? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. Thanks. The GST cut, as you remember, effective on 22nd September last year, unleashed 
a very, very high level of growth, which continued beyond the festive in quarter 3, in quarter 4. 
Like I said, quarter 4, Vahan registrations in motorcycles, the growth was about 23% odd. So 
that's a very, very high level of growth. Consequently, what has happened is that there has been 
inflation through pricing. And then, of course, there was the West Asia crisis, which brought the 
difficulties of LPG availability into every kitchen of India and affected consumer sentiment. And 
to some extent, I would say that the impact on different segments was different. And this actually 
reflects the structure of the Indian economy and what the Indian economy is perhaps going 
through in the sense that the upper half of the society are economically much, much stronger 
and the people down the pyramid have weakened. And this is getting reflected in the way the 
segments are growing. 
 
Therefore, even when we see the motorcycle growth dropping from 23% or 24% to 8 - 9%, the 
150cc, the 250cc segments, they are growing at 20% plus. But the 100cc segment and also the 
125cc now are actually growing at low single-digit numbers. So that is the nature of the growth. 
It's all coming together, as you know, a 14% growth for two-wheelers and I would say, a 7 - 8% 
growth in quarter 1 for motorcycles. This all obviously includes EV. EV two-wheelers, of 
course, has had an outstanding growth of almost 70%. And it's not difficult to explain this 
because as always, a large part of the EV market is driven by operating economics. And I 
remember 2020-21 when the progression was slow, there was a point of inflection when the 
petrol prices had crossed INR100 a litre, and suddenly we saw demand for EV going up. 
 
Now because of the West Asia crisis and the impact on petrol, and generally on people feeling 
that the fuel bill might just go out of their control, there has been a surge in adoption of electric 
vehicles. And that's why even in this environment, when motorcycle is growing at 8% and kind 
of a number, the EV growth is 67%. Now it's cannibalizing - the most obvious answer to that is 
its cannibalizing ICE scooters based also on the anecdotal surveys, which we do about other 
vehicles which people were considering buying. So, the nature of the EV functionality, which is 
rather not as strong in delivery of range as motorcycles, but very similar to scooters on a full 
fuel tank. The cannibalization is obviously impacting ICE scooters more than anything else, any 
other category. 
Kapil Singh: 
Thank you for the comprehensive answer, sir. Second, just a quick one on the EVs. What is the 
capacity expansion plan for both two-wheeler and three-wheeler EVs? And where are we on 
profitability now? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So, we are right now at 50,000 units. We are limited at that for EV two-wheelers. And 
immediately through some productivity measures, both at our end and with the vendors, we hope 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
to unlock it at 60,000. But you can well imagine that we are very enthused by the very promising 
outlook of this industry. And the fact that we were out of scooters from 2007 onwards, as you 
know. And so, we came into scooters, forget the powertrain, whether ICE or electric, but we 
came into scooters only in 2020 via electric Chetak and have captured 23 - 24% market share, 
sometimes number 1, right now at number 2, but very, very close to leadership. So, both from 
an industry growth as well as our competitive position point of view, we are very optimistic, and 
we are going to unlock more capacity in this. 
 
Similarly, in three-wheelers, not just in electric, but in ICE models also, we are experiencing 
constraints. Our electric vehicle 7012 has been a runaway success. I would say it's probably the 
top-selling model in the industry right now. And that's a wide-body vehicle. And we are at the 
same time finding a good surge internationally in three-wheelers. So, we are unlocking that 
capacity. Why I'm not giving you a number as yet, which is business unit related, is because 
there is a lot of fungibility in capacity. And therefore, I said from the current sort of 7 million, 
we'll go to 9 million plus in the medium term. That work has already started. But of course, to 
address your specific question on Chetak, it will be about 60,000 units in the immediate term. 
And then progressively, in high-end bikes, in three-wheelers, electric as well as wide-body, and 
obviously, Chetak, we will increase capacity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I request all the participants, kindly limit yourself to two questions per 
participant and rejoin for a follow-up. Next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from 
Bank of America. Please go ahead.  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions. Firstly, I just wanted to zoom into the 
launches that you spoke about. If I got it right, I think you mentioned the new 150cc under 
Pulsar, a couple of more refreshes in 125cc and 2 new brands in 125cc within fiscal '27. I want 
to clarify that understanding is correct. And just continuing with that, given the sort of product 
action that we have in the second half of the year, how should we think about the growth for the 
domestic business, particularly we did go through a little bit of fatigue last year and the growth 
wasn't as great last year. So how do we think about the growth in fiscal '27 industry as well as 
yourself? So, a bit more color around this. 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. So obviously, we are very positive about our outlook, not just because it's good to be 
optimistic and you can't say any other thing, but because of the acceptance of our recent 
launches, which I said, we upgraded our product. These are also not new products. So first, I 
want to frame the lens through which you should look at our domestic motorcycle business. The 
first point I want to make is that, as you know, and we've been saying this, that while we are 
present in the 100cc segment, we are participating in it at our own terms. Of course, we have to 
be competitive, but we have got an eye on the implications on the bottom line. So, we want to 
participate on it on own terms. And when between growth and profitability, the baseline 
profitability starts getting into a conflict situation in that segment, we tend to favor profitability 
and are prepared to lose market share. This is a segment which has been over the years, 
underperforming. It has gone from 55% share of motorcycles to 45%. And so, it is one of the 
key reasons why we feel that we must focus on so much more business opportunity, which is 
there in the top half because in the bottom half, this segment is under pressure. I'm not saying 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
that it will implode any day, not like that. These changes have happened over a period of time. 
But over the last 5 years, something which was 55% has become 46% over the last 5-7 years. 
So, it is soft in its size and growth. And of course, as you know, it offers very little joy for 
profitability. 
 
And finally, our core competence is really innovation and R&D. And this segment offers less 
degrees of freedom to attack it on the basis of our core competencies. Therefore, the frame of 
reference is the 125cc plus segment. And from 125cc to 400cc, where I must say that we are 
participating with 4 brands actually, which is Pulsar, which goes from 125 to 400; Dominar, 
which is 250 to 400; KTM, which is 250 to 400; and Triumph. 
 
Even though KTM and Triumph are different to Bajaj, we can't strictly call them Bajaj brands, 
but it is a very conscious choice that we have made that if we have to mount a serious challenge 
to entrenched players with good brands, it's not just about the product, but it is also about the 
brand. And as you all know, we will not go down the path of buying market share. So, we want 
to do it at a competitive price, but not at a loss, therefore, have the right brand with which to 
challenge entrenched competitors. 
 
So, when you look at Bajaj, you should look at these 4 brands. You should look at it 125cc to 
400cc - 500cc segment. Now here, if I rewind, in fact, the precise point to which I would like to 
rewind is when the ABS regulations came in for the 150cc segment, and we rightly called out 
that this will imply a huge growth in 125cc. And therefore, we scrambled to extend the Pulsar 
brand, which still then was a 150cc, 180cc brand, into the 125cc. And it gave us very good gains 
because we immediately led to a very high level of market share, which sustained itself till about 
financial year '25, which is when a softness started to come because we were at the end of our 
product life cycle. And by FY '26, we were reading the signs that fatigue has stepped in into our 
portfolio of Pulsar. 
 
We, therefore, after that, said that we will prioritize our core, our heartland, which was the 
genesis of Pulsar, which is a 150cc to the 250cc range. And we set about reinvigorating the 
portfolio, like I mentioned. And this was the launch of some class-leading features in the N 
series, upgrades in the NS series. The NS series, which is the most premium end of 125cc as 
well as the 200cc - 250cc, it's growing, outpacing the industry, but chipping away at market 
share at the top of this pyramid. The N series is knocking share of competition, even entrenched 
competition where our competitive ratio is, in some of the states, 2:1. And when I look at the 
state-wise performance of the N series and NS series, I don't see any red color there. It is all 
green, which means we are growing, in the least, 1.5x that of the industry. We are acquiring 
market share ever since we have refurbished the range, which is quarter 3, which is November 
odd and that has continued into quarter 4. So, this has given us a lot of encouragement and 
validated our strategy. 
 
This strategy is now going to be retaken to its fulsome play beginning 1st August, so not very 
distant. And between now and September, we will launch, like I said, almost 10 new variants, 
you got it right, I just wanted to give you a historical context, but you got it absolutely right. 
There will be 2 brand-new Pulsar and new styles, new features, class-leading features, a lot of 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
electronics, attractive color and graphics. And I would say that the Indian customer is going to 
be very pleased by the powertrain performance, because obviously, we've been doing all the 
tests. The launches are imminent. So yes, 10 plus 2 upgrades and 2 new models immediately in 
the next 6 weeks or so. 
 
With this and based on the empirical evidence of the last couple of quarters, we are very 
confident it should shake up the industry and really raise the competitive bar right in time for 
the season. And through this, I would say that there is more stuff coming towards the end of the 
fiscal, but we would be in very, very good shape. And hopefully, the season will be very good 
in the 125cc plus segment. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
These are all on Pulsar platform, what you mentioned. But you also mentioned 2 new models by 
the end of the fiscal. Those are new nameplates. Is it new nameplates? Or is it just the entire 
reset of the portfolio or refresh of the portfolio that we're doing? I just want to be clear on the 
brand expansion. Are we going from 4 to 5? Is that something also on the horizon? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. At this point of time, we are looking at a different brand because the proposition will be 
different from Pulsar. And I can't reveal the propositions more at this stage. But because the 
propositions will be different, we don't want to sort of call them Pulsars. They will have a very 
specific angle to them, and there will be 2 different brands. And we hope to not just capture a 
bigger share of the 125cc plus segment. But with this action, we hope to upgrade the 100cc 
customer. Because as you know, participating in the 125cc allows us more degrees of freedom 
in terms of product innovation. And hopefully, this customer will get attracted by it and travel 
up from 100cc to 125cc. That is also part of the strategic intent, which will get realized hopefully 
this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants, kindly limit yourself to two questions per participant, and rejoin for a 
follow-up. Next question is from the line of Raghunandhan N. from Nuvama Research. Please 
go ahead.  
Raghunandhan N.: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Congratulations on extremely strong numbers. Sir, just a 
clarification on the new product, the upcoming product launches, you said all the introductions 
would happen by September. Would that be right? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
I think you guys are not taking me seriously yet. In the next 6 weeks, yes, a lot of the upgrades 
will happen. They will start to roll out. Like I said, there are 10 models which are being rolled 
out. It's a very, very hectic time. As soon as this call gets over, I have to go and do some work 
on the new launches. And then a couple of new brands, hopefully within the fiscal. But we'll see 
the timing. We have to look at the environment also to time it. You're right. I deliberately took 
some time over the last question. And the answer was really not just specific to the person who 
asked it, but I just thought that everyone would probably get an idea of the strategic thinking, 
which is there in Bajaj in the domestic motorcycles business. 
Raghunandhan N.: 
Okay. Very helpful, sir. Thank you so much. So, Dinesh sir, on the other expenses, it is lower 
as a percentage of sales, both QoQ and YoY. You indicated cost savings, operating leverage. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Just wanted to understand, do you see this as a sustainable rate going forward? Given that there 
are so many launches, how do you see the trajectory ahead? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So, Raghu, yes, I think for the first quarter and possibly given the inflation outlook for the second 
quarter, we are going to be very hard to look at discretionary costs. Obviously, there are times 
in business when you have some leeway to be able to make investments and you're a bit looser 
with what you want to then spend on. But specifically on fixed costs is where we will be quite 
discerning about what we will spend in quarter 2 as well. But make no doubt about the fact that 
as the new models roll out, if we need to be spending monies to drive competitiveness in market 
and marketing activation and marketing spend, that's not the area that we're going to cut with. 
It's more to do with the discretionary and establishment fixed costs that you can expect that we 
will keep very tight even as we get into quarter 2. 
Raghunandhan N.: 
Noted, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.  
Rakesh Kumar: 
Hi, good evening and thank you for taking my question. My first question was around market 
share. So, if I'm looking at the wholesale motorcycle market share, it has been coming down 
despite what you spoke about that the entry segment motorcycle has been losing share, and the 
premium is doing better. So, is this a new direction in which we are focusing more on the 
premium segment, and the overall market share could keep coming down and that is a strategic 
direction? Or through the 2 model launches and more refreshes, you would expect that to start 
turning around the market share overall in the motorcycle as well? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See, first of all, I would not spend too much time on the wholesale base market share. Yes, it is 
there, but that's also driven by the stock management policies. And I think everyone has now got 
access to Vahan online access and it is absolutely current. So, we are really looking at Vahan 
registrations as a way to understand our competitiveness. And yes, now what has happened is 
that, like I mentioned, that in the 100cc segment, we are losing share. And that is what is dragging 
the overall market share down. But we are prepared for that. But I'm not saying that we are 
vacating that segment. All I'm saying is that we will participate in it at our own terms in terms 
of the profitability. So, when the environment becomes difficult and the customer is under 
pressure, economic pressure, then we may lose market share because we've got products which 
are higher priced, even though they offer some benefit. So, when the environment eases up, the 
same customer may prefer our product. So, we will participate in it in our own terms. Now 
depending on the environment, we will see how that 100cc segment behaves. 
 
Our focus is to, irrespective of the market going up or down, to continuously outpace the industry 
in the 125cc plus segment. And in that, I feel that the turnaround is very much underway in the 
150cc plus because we have started to gain market share in that segment. And now with the 
imminent launches and the action shifting into 125cc from next month onwards, hopefully, we 
will experience the same phenomena in 125cc segment, led by the new introduction, as we have 
experienced in the 150cc plus where we put in new products. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
I must also point out one thing that these are not on-off situations. When you take a brand as 
large as ours, with a franchise which is so historical with so much of depth, it is very difficult to 
switch on and switch off ranges. And this whole makeover of the range, the passing away of the 
old and establishment of the new cannot be abrupt. It has to be done, achieved over a period of 
time because there will be and there are geographic pockets where people will go on to buy only 
the old vehicle because they'll say, this is what my dad drove, and this is what I want to keep. 
And we have to be conscious of that. And therefore, it has to be done over a period of time. You 
cannot switch on and switch off. But yes, the old parts of the 150cc plus are still dragging down 
the performance. Despite that, the new parts of the 150cc plus segment, which is the N and the 
NS, have overcome the drag of the old part and still delivered a good market share increase in 
quarter 3 and in quarter 4 and quarter 1. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
My second question was around cash on the books. So, we have about INR21,000 crores of cash 
now, more than INR2,000 crores of free cash flow we generate every quarter. So, we will end 
up by about INR27,000-odd crores of cash by the end of the financial year, much above 
INR15,000 crores of cash that you want to keep on the books. Do you want to continue through 
the buyback route, which gets restricted for a year period? Or you want to start going through 
the dividend route, you increase your payout ratio and that gives a greater predictability on how 
much you're going to pay out each year? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
So, let me clarify that, Rakesh. Cash on balance sheet was INR21,000 crores at the end of June. 
July is typically the month when we pay out the dividend. And last week, we've just concluded 
the buyback. Cumulatively, both those corporate actions put together would mean that 
INR10,000 crores in July would have been paid out to shareholders, right, which essentially will 
mean that cash will dip from the under INR21,000 crores that existed at the end of June. 
 
But that said, given the strong cash conversion that we have on profit to cash, I expect it to really 
build back to INR15,000 crores thereabouts by the end of the financial year, at levels that you've 
been used to seeing at the end of each financial year. If I have to just ascribe an element of 
seasonality, July is typically the month when there's a significant outflow to shareholders. And 
this time, because we've already committed, if you recall, in our last meeting, we've already 
committed to paying out 100% as our payout ratio of the profit that we made last year, which 
was INR9,825 crores. 
 
So, to your point, one, 100% payout ratio done. Two, cash will deplete at the end of July and 
build back towards the end of the financial year because cash will keep generated across the 
remaining quarters. And the third is, this year, we opted for the hybrid route of doing a base 
dividend plus the balance as a buyback only because with the changed regulations under the 
Finance Act, the taxation for buyback was quite attractive for non-promoter shareholders. And 
therefore, we opted to go down that route as well. So base dividend plus buyback already 
explored. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Rakesh, I'll request you to come back for a follow-up question. Next question is 
from the line of Amit Hiranandani from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes. Congratulations to the team for a great set of numbers. Sir, basically, I want to understand 
more about the opportunity between the KTM and Bajaj. Just combining these, sir, 3 questions 
into 1 for you to answer. First is, are we planning to make India as a global manufacturing hub 
for a larger portion of KTM's portfolio? Secondly, how much of KTM's R&D is now leveraged 
across Bajaj and Triumph products? And lastly, are there any joint development programs we 
are working for future ICE and EV portfolios? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
So first of all, I must say that KTM is being run as an independent company. And of course, 
liquidity was facilitated. We helped establish the senior leadership team. And there are a 
governance and oversight, which goes on. But the KTM brand and the KTM operations, they 
are remarkably different in their franchise from the Bajaj brand. So, they are going to be run 
separately. KTM will be run by their management, and there are huge opportunities for it to 
grow in its segment, which is really racing and adventure and stuff like that. 
 
Even before this episode, there was a very healthy collaboration between Bajaj R&D and the 
KTM R&D, which resulted in the smaller cc, smaller engine street and motocross and adventure 
bikes, which were manufactured entirely in India and then exported around the world under the 
KTM brand. Even at that time, there was a constant endeavour to expand this collaboration, 
which is co-designing with our R&D and manufacturing over here. And that exercise continues. 
Obviously, it got interrupted for almost a couple of years because of the issues, which KTM 
went through. We have now again picked up the project with even more strength and conviction. 
And I wouldn't go as far as to say that it will become the global manufacturing hub. 
 
But yes, there will be a substantial amount of manufacturing here. And because it's an 
independent company, we have encouraged KTM to apply the same competitive benchmarks if 
we want to be a competitive supplier to KTM, and we don't want to compromise KTM's 
competitiveness and its growth in any way. And therefore, it is going to be done on the basis of 
sound business logic. 
 
And as far as we know, India as a manufacturing base is highly competitive. And when you take 
onboard all the soft factors, things which have called over the years for a China plus 1 and a 
China plus 2 strategies, then India as a manufacturing base, at least, I can say in motorcycles, is 
absolutely outstanding and out there in the forefront. So why would we not exploit that for the 
advantage of KTM? So yes, on that basis, the initiative will continue to expand. 
Amit Hiranandani: 
Yes, sir. This is helpful, sir. Secondly, I just want to understand like how many touch points 
Triumph is present, and any target for this fiscal year? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
We are, I think, in 120 exclusive stores and about 90 new stores where we have combined KTM 
and Triumph, so that the stores can be viable in small areas. So, I would say that almost 210 -
215 stores are where Triumph is available. And certainly, this is an exercise which is ongoing. 
And as the brand is getting recognized, as more products are getting added, there was recently 
the flat tracker, which got added. There are a couple of new products for Triumph also on the 
anvil, which will again expand its franchise. We will continue to expand the store basis the 
viability. We've been down this road with the development of KTM, which we commenced in 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
2011 when KTM was not known to anyone and progressively built that business. So, we know 
we've travelled down this path before, and that's how we will continue to build Triumph in India. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Pramod Amthe: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to get your experience with the e-rick which 
you've launched. Considering that, that customer profile is relatively challenged in terms of loan 
availability and all, how have you been able to handle it? And does it create a long-term or a 
medium-term funnel for your broader e-three-wheeler portfolio for them to upgrade per se? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes, certainly. See, the e-rick, which is the L3 category, is almost 45,000 units per month. Apart 
from 2 - 3 players, it's highly disorganized. The 90% of that category is lead acid. Now lead acid 
is not looked on favourably by the regulators for obvious reasons. And there have been now 
increasing instances where permits are not renewed or not given for lead acid based e-ricks. So, 
there is a migration, which will happen from lead acid to lithium-ion. Also, what is happening 
is that there has been a lot of city laws, which have been enforced, which restrict the movement 
of these e-ricks on highways or on flyovers because they lack the speed. And because of that, 
the market has shrunk a little bit. 
 
Now we have obviously come out with e-rick, which is, if you see, quite an outstanding design, 
outstanding performance, very robust. And I think every e-rick driver is aspiring for it. I 
personally met a lot of e-rick drivers in UP and Bihar. And everyone is wanting to upgrade. But 
yes, you have rightly called out, there is an issue of getting the loans, there is an issue about 
getting loans from organized financials like BACL and there is an issue about the price being 
higher. But with these pressures, which are there, both from the regulatory side, the lead acid 
side and the shorter life, I guess there will be an upgrading. We have also seen some of the e-
rick drivers upgrading to even e-autos. And that is one of the contributors for this doubling 100% 
growth in e-autos. But 30,000 units to 40,000 units per month is a very large segment. And we 
will want to increase our share in it and increase business from it. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Second one is with regard to the e-two-wheelers. If I had to look at you being number 2 and even 
a number 1 player, both of you are talking about capacity constraints are the challenges. But 
looking at the opportunity for you to get a topmost slot in there, do you think it's only just 
capacity or managing the global supply chain is much more difficult in case of e-two-wheelers 
as compared to ICE? And how do you want to manoeuvre or what's the time frame you would 
put to become a number 1 there? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
See, it is obviously not just capacity. Capacity is just table stakes. I mean if you can't 
manufacture, then you can't sell. But even if you have the capacity, it doesn't mean that you'll be 
able to sell more than everyone else out there. So, we would say that it's still the fundamental 
things like product innovation, brand and the customer experience, which we can deliver. And 
as you have said, that here, global supply chain, including software, hardware, batteries, etcetera, 
is an important thing. 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
So now we've been in the game for about 7 - 8 years actually. So, a lot of experience. And I 
think because of this experience coming into play and because of over these 8 years relationships 
get formed. Because of that, we've been able to, you know, on a product where we were losing 
money hand when we had not been in scooters, like I said, but still in a few years' time, we have 
moved up into a very, very good position. 
 
And we have also, on the other hand, taken a slightly more difficult path by going through 
exclusive stores because we know that our range will be expanded. It is getting expanded. And 
it will not find good expression if we share our motorcycle stores with Chetak. But of course, it 
puts pressure on doing the distribution network, because again, those issues are store viability, 
and all come. But now those issues about store viability and all are falling by the wayside 
because the industry is growing leaps and bounds. But I remember, just 2 years back, we used 
to be sitting and breaking our heads as to which all cities we can enter or which we can't enter 
because of store viability. Now that constraint is almost disappearing, which will allow us to 
now really step on it and expand the network, which is at about, I think, 530 - 550 stores to 1,000 
stores. I can see 1,000 stores coming in a couple of years. And now that's something solid we 
are talking about. Those number of stores with the brand Chetak with a full portfolio, I think 
should set us up very, very nicely. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure. And the last question, if I can ask, which relate to e-two-wheelers. Other than the range, 
basically people talking about performance versus the family branding, do you see more 
fragmentation evolving as the penetration enters into the mid-teens or double-digit range? What 
are the scope probabilities you see global markets, EV taking shape on two-wheelers? What's 
the scope available? 
Rakesh Sharma: 
Yes. Because of the capacity constraints, we've not yet been able to really step on it when it 
comes to exports, though we have commenced exports, and I think our exports are also doing 
pretty well when compared with competition. But it's just to neighbouring countries, and I can't 
tell you how many proposals we keep rejecting for exports because of this issue. And it's not just 
about capacity. There is also management bandwidth, etcetera, which is needed to develop a 
new category in distant overseas markets. So therefore, we have stuck to the Indian subcontinent 
where Chetak has been launched and doing well. It is also on its way to Philippines and a couple 
of other markets. So yes, globally, we will start to expand the Chetak franchise. 
 
In India, I think you're right, as the industry goes, it's now at about 1,75,000 units. I think with 
this pace of growth, you can see that it will become 30 - 40%, in some states, already 60% has 
also been reached. So, you'll see in a couple of years, 50% of scooters, you can see it going to 
2,00,000 - 2,50,000 - 3,00,000. And obviously, then some segments emerge. 
 
The primary segment, I think, 2 segments which will be there, will be the commercial segment 
because it makes a lot of sense as the range improves for the delivery boys and a lot of 
commercial delivery purpose. And the personal segment, which is everyday commuter using it. 
So, these 2 segments will certainly emerge. 
 
Other than that, on the basis of other functionalities and price, I would say, one will be able to 
cut the whole market into another 2 - 3 segments. And that is the kind of work which we are 

 
Bajaj Auto Limited 
 
 
July 21, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
doing. And that is what is driving our product innovation. And one example of that was the 
Chetak 2501, which is a very substantive departure from the Chetak range, which is in terms of 
the fact that it's cut its weight by almost 25 kilos if not more, much easier and lighter to 
manoeuvre, the turning radius, good range, nice speed, vibrant colors, etcetera, attacking more 
youthful customers. So, you can see this innovation as an example of segmentation. Going 
forward, as the industry becomes large, these opportunities to segment and innovate on product 
will be higher. And that is a very good news for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Pramod. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I 
will now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Newar, Head of Investor Relations, for closing 
comments. 
Anand Newar: 
Thanks, Neerav. Before we close, there was one question that was left unanswered. I'll ask 
Dinesh to just take that on what has been the profitability of e-two-wheelers and three-wheelers 
one? 
Dinesh Thapar: 
Well, this was a question from Kapil. Kapil, sorry, we missed answering it back then. But our 
profitability, our EBITDA margin for the electric portfolio business comprising two and three-
wheelers continues to remain double digit as we had queued in the last quarter. So double-digit 
overall margin. And if I have to double-click on that, Chetak has now moved from what a few 
quarters back was EBITDA neutral to now becoming EBITDA positive. So, we now have the 
contribution of an EBITDA positive on Chetak in addition to the growing scale of the electric 
three-wheeler that is leading to an overall portfolio margin of double digit. 
Anand Newar: 
Thank you, Dinesh. Now with this, we can close the call, Neerav. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Bajaj Auto Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
