                              
       
  
 
  
 August 03, 2026 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Re: Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed the transcript of the Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call held on           
July 28, 2026. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Yours sincerely,  
For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anantha Murthy N 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANANTHA MURTHY 
NARAYANA
Digitally signed by ANANTHA 
MURTHY NARAYANA 
Date: 2026.08.03 11:55:46 
+05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 28, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ARNOB ROY – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. AVS PRASAD – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – TEJAS 
NETWORKS LIMITED 
DR. KUMAR N. SIVARAJAN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 
– TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. PREETHAM UTHAIAH – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER – 
TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 2  
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tejas Networks Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Mohit: 
Thank you, Anushka. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining on the Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call of Tejas Networks Limited. We have the management of Tejas Networks on this 
call represented by Mr. Arnob Roy, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. AVS Prasad, CFO; Dr. 
Kumar N. Sivarajan, CTO; and Mr. Preetham Uthaiah, COO. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Arnob Roy to initiate with opening remarks, post which we will 
have a Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Arnob Roy: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our earnings call presentation for Q1. So I'll 
start with our revenues of Q1, which was INR402 crores, 20% growth over Q4. Profit after tax 
improved slightly and same for order book, which also saw a small growth. 
 
In terms of the revenue mix, it was evenly split between India and international, and we'll add 
some color to that as we get along. From a closing order book, this quarter, most of our business 
wins were domestic. That's why at the end of the quarter, the order book was 93% domestic and 
7% international. 
 
In terms of Q1 highlights, our revenues were driven largely by international shipments of 5G 
radios and domestic shipments of optical and FTTx products. And this international shipment 
was to a customer in Europe, and this was one of our first significant customer wins for 5G 
internationally. 
 
And the other highlight was our first commercial win for end-to-end 5G network deployment in 
South America. And end-to-end basically means it's beyond the radios, it's also the baseband unit 
and the core. So this represents a complete end-to-end Tejas technology stack for our 5G network 
deployment. The other highlight was we continued with our patent filings and filed 46 patents in 
Q1, taking our global count to 722. 
 
I'll now hand you over to our CFO, AVS Prasad, for walking you through the financial numbers. 
AVS Prasad: 
Good morning, everyone. Thanks, Arnob. As indicated, the revenue is around INR402 crores, a 
21% quarter-on-quarter increase compared to Q4 of FY26. At the PBT level, PBT is around 
negative INR271 crores compared to INR281 crores in Q4. 
 
Coming to the balance sheet items in terms of inventory, there is a reduction of inventory from 
the previous level of INR2,438 crores to INR2,358 crores. And as we have been saying earlier, 
this inventory -- the high levels of inventory are on account of advanced procurements in terms 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 3  
 
 
of materials for addressing the add-on orders and preparedness to address the other customer 
requirements. 
 
And at net receivable level, the net receivables after the customer advance adjustments currently 
stand at INR2,232 crores compared to INR1,905 crores. The net working capital increased 
mainly on account of the net trade receivables increase and also corresponding increased 
scheduled payouts.  
 
The cash position stands at INR589 crores compared to INR505 crores in Q4. On the debt side, 
the net debt increase is mainly, as what I mentioned earlier, due to net working capital increase as 
well as increased payouts, and also the company's focus in terms of continued investments in 
terms of capex. So there's an increase in borrowings. The gross borrowing stands at INR4,866 
crores and net borrowings at INR4,277 crores. 
Arnob Roy: 
Thanks, Prasad. I'll now take you through some more details about our business for Q1 as well as 
the outlook. So to give you a little bit more color about Q1, one of the highlights was, as I 
mentioned, the end-to-end 5G network win for an operator in South America. And the supply of 
5G massive MIMO radios to a global customer in partnership with NEC. We were also selected by 
a global Tier 1 telco for a joint R&D project in 5G. And this has quite a lot of significance for us 
because successful execution over here, we expect will lead to future increase in our business 
engagement in terms of product shipments and so on.  
 
And lastly, we are still awaiting the expansion order for the BSNL 4G with additional 26,000 sites. 
There has been a lot of news items about this recently. And I can only comment that it's in the final 
stages of conclusion in terms of awarding of the order. There is a discussion with our system 
integration partners regarding the final Ts and Cs and so on. And we expect that this will materialize 
very soon, probably in this quarter. 
 
So as you can see from the first 3 items, international traction for our wireless products and 
technology is increasing, which is a very encouraging sign for us. In terms of wireline, we 
continue to expand our market share and business with the Tier 1 Indian telcos for optical as well 
as FTTx products. And we -- for Tier 1 telco, we expanded our FTTx footprint for the pan-India 
residential broadband rollout.  
 
For 2 other Tier 1s, we supplied our optical equipment, 100-gig, 400-gig DWDM equipment for 
the 5G backhaul networks for the enterprise services network and also for hyperscaler data center 
connectivity. The utilities continues to be a strong sector for us, and we were selected as a vendor 
for the communication network modernization of a large power utility. This has been a very 
successful business for us, and we continue to win newer business as the utilities keep 
modernizing their networks from the older TDM/SDH network to a more IP-based network. 
 
Internationally, our optical products continued to win additional market share, and this was for an 
existing customer in Africa, a leading wholesale bandwidth provider. And we did a lot of 
network expansion for them using our state-of-the-art 100-gig, 400-gig coherent DWDM 
equipment. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 4  
 
 
 
A few other highlights. Our latest product, which was announced recently, the 1600-D3, the data 
center interconnect product. It was selected as a global finalist among the top 3 at the prestigious 
Leading Lights awards for 2026. This is indeed a recognition to be proud of because this is one of 
the most respected organizations in this field. And the fact that they recognized us among the 2 
other global OEMs as one of the most innovative products that were launched. This is actually a 
significant recognition of our R&D capabilities. 
 
We won the Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce award for manufacturing excellence. 
We signed MoUs with IIT Gandhinagar and Maharashtra IT to catalyze and nurture the local 
innovation ecosystem for next-generation telecom. We increased our patent filings. We filed 46 
new patent applications, taking the account to 722, of which 380 have already been granted and 
the rest are in the process of analysis and going through the next steps. 
 
We also successfully completed the field and lab trials, the demonstration of D2M or our 
broadcast radio solution. And this was also a significant milestone where along with Prasar 
Bharati and FreeStream, we were engaged in extensive field trials for our broadcast equipment. 
 
So in terms of the key business drivers for our products today, one of the important trends that we 
see and that we highlighted was the expansion of 5G deployment in emerging markets. And we 
expect the 5G rollouts to continue until 2030 and overtaking the 4G deployments at a very rapid 
pace. Globally, 5G is also going to serve a lot of fixed broadband applications. And those number 
of subscriptions are set to triple and reach 90 million globally by 2030, and this is going to be an 
important application of 5G as well, which we will serve. 
 
And then the other part of it, I talked about the expansion of existing 4G networks in India and 
emerging international markets. Of course, the BSNL 4G is one of the key opportunities over 
here. But apart from that also, we see engagements in a 4G network expansion in several 
emerging international markets. 
 
In the wireline segment, the rapid growth of data centers and connectivity is driving a lot of our 
business, especially for the optical. And also, this is also resulting in the last mile increase in the 
last mile connectivity, both in terms of numbers as well as in terms of bandwidth. So we see the 
enterprise connectivity bandwidth going up significantly, and that is leading to a lot of our 
equipment being purchased and deployed in those applications.  
 
We see a significant increase in residential broadband complexity, and we have Tier 1 partners in 
India, which are driving that growth with our FTTx equipment. As the wireless networks are 
expanding, the backhaul connectivity for those networks, those are also a significant part of our 
business. And I highlighted the modernization of utility networks from the older TDM 
technology to IP-based networks, and that's also continues to be one of our key drivers. 
 
So looking forward, we see the rapid deployment and global adoption of AI is going to be one of 
the key drivers for our business. And to walk you through the details of what that really means, 
I'll hand it over to our CTO, Dr. Kumar Sivarajan. 
Kumar N. Sivarajan: 
Thank you, Arnob. So I'll take a few minutes to outline how AI is impacting the network and also 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 5  
 
 
what we are doing about it. So all of us are using AI. AI has replaced search. All websites are using 
chatbots. We are doing a lot of image processing and click videos and everything with AI. So all 
this has immediately increased the traffic within the Internet.  
 
There's a lot more computing being added in data centers, which is, of course, driving the growth 
of NVIDIA and the like. And the central data centers have significant addition of computing 
capability for AI training. There's also computing being added at the edge for what is called AI 
inferencing, okay? 
 
So this introduction of AI for pretty much everything that we do today has led to significant 
growth in the traffic. So AI has increased the traffic by 20x. Immediately, the optical network is 
being built out, both between data centers. Data centers need to be interconnected with high 
bandwidth and low latency connections. So the high bandwidth here is tens of terabits and the 
data centers could be 100 kilometers or even 1,000 kilometers apart. 
 
Consistent with that, we also need to increase the bandwidth in the aggregation and metro 
networks, which connects the users to the core. So this is what is happening in the network due to 
AI. Now if you look at the next slide on what we are doing about it, we are enhancing our 
portfolio, both wireless and optical. First, those network traffic requirements based on AI. 
 
In terms of 6G, I use here broadly on wireless and what the industry is also starting to do because 
6G will impact both the wireless and the optical network. So starting from the left, with the 
introduction of AI, we will need 6G or 5G-Advanced to be able to address the new AI 
applications. So this could go beyond phones to meta glasses and other devices in the next few 
years.  
 
This is for -- wireless users will access it through the 5G-Advanced or 6G radio access network. 
But there is also increase in traffic going from homes and businesses. So in homes, we are 
enhancing our portfolio of PON to go to 50 gig PON from the current 10 gig PON. Businesses 
will also be served with higher bandwidth in the access. Typically, it's 10/100 gig today. We'll go 
to about 800 gig, okay? 
 
The same increase in traffic will carry through the rest of the network. So at the core of the 
network today, we are at mostly 400-gig wavelengths. That will go to 1.2 terabit or even 1.6 
terabit wavelengths. The WDM network, which typically operates on one pair of fibers and 
adding additional bands, used to operate in this conventional band or C-band.  
 
In the last few years, we've added another band, L-band, but by 2030, we also expect to add a 
third band. So we'll have 3 bands of WDM with 100-plus wavelengths operating at speeds up to 
1.6 terabits per second. So this is the future in the next few years. 
 
By 2030, I think all of these products will have to be there. And we have a significant investment 
in R&D across both wireless and wireline to build out this portfolio so we can take advantage and 
address the products needed to build out this network to support AI. 
 
So with that, I hand it back to Arnob to conclude this presentation. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 6  
 
 
Arnob Roy: 
Thank you, Kumar. So in summary, some of the key takeaways or the key messages from our 
business in Q1 is, first of all, growing international traction for our wireless products, our new 5G 
wins in international regions and multiple other engagements with telecom operators. Our joint 
R&D partnership with global Tier 1 telco is also an endorsement of that.  
 
And a lot of our credibility is also coming from our network performance in the BSNL 4G network, 
which is an endorsement of our product scalability and reliability, and that has given us a lot of 
credibility when we engage with full customers, including the Tier 1 telco that I'm referring to. 
 
In terms of wireline, business has been seeing steady growth and driven by growth in data center 
connectivity, residential & enterprise broadband. And we have a very good incumbency in the 
Indian private telcos. And as their business grows, we see our business expanding and as well as 
increasing market share in those networks as well.  
 
And finally, we are well positioned for an AI-driven future. We have a lot of investments in 5G-
Advanced and wireless and 6G for our wireless portfolio. And the portfolio of products, also 
investments for building products, for building this end-to-end high-bandwidth, low latency 
networks required for AI infrastructure and also user access. 
 
So with this, I come to the conclusion of our presentation and open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We take the first 
question from the line of Tushar Khurana from Peace Wealth. 
Tushar Khurana: 
Sir, my first question is regarding this BSNL receivables that we have. Since we are now in the 
final stage of getting this order for 26,000 sites, does that mean our receivables situation should 
also improve and we should start getting the payment from BSNL given that was subject to some 
acceptance tests that were left? So any comments on that? 
Arnob Roy: 
I didn't get your last part of the statement. Your receivables and then you added given the add-on 
order or what is it? 
Tushar Khurana: 
So, sir, there were some acceptance tests that were left for some of the sites after which you were 
able to get those payments, right? 
Arnob Roy: 
Correct. Acceptance test. Okay. Yes, understood. Yes, that's correct. I think for the expansion 
orders one of the parts was also the completing of the acceptance tests and some of the pending 
features and all those kinds of things. So those are also in a very advanced stage and coming to a 
closure. So yes, you're right. We expect a lot of the BSNL receivables to also get cleared during 
the quarter, as we move along for the expansion project. 
Tushar Khurana: 
That's wonderful, sir. And sir, my second question is regarding the international order wins that 
we have got on the wireless side for 5G radios and the one with the collaboration with NEC. I 
just want to understand, these order wins are mainly for the TSPs or enterprises. And if you could 
quantify also the number of sites that we have begun with? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. So these are all for TSPs. All of them are for TSPs, for mobile network services. And see, I 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 7  
 
 
cannot quantify the number of sites because I don't have permission from the customers 
themselves. But more importantly, getting this incumbency, getting this reference, network 
deployments is probably the most important thing. And as their network deployment happens and 
expands, I mean, this should lead to not only more business from these existing TSPs, but serve as 
a really good reference for other customers in those regions. 
Tushar Khurana: 
Great. Great. And sir this NEC, I was reading about this NEC was actually restructuring their 5G 
RAN business. So does that mean are we going to be exclusive partner for them wherever there is 
NEC brownfield expansion happening or even, say, greenfield, there we will be the exclusive 
partner for NEC, where we'll be doing the manufacturing for them? Or how is it really placed for 
Tejas Networks here? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. So we are their partners for their 5G radios and beyond. So their focus is on the software side 
for the 5G network, on the vRAN and so on. For the varieties of radios, today's radios as well as 
the future ones, and in some cases, 4G radios as well, we are their preferred partner, which is 
probably the right word to use. And because we also have a deep partnership with them for the 
development and manufacturing of these products. So yes, our radios are the ones that should 
actually be going along with their products. 
Tushar Khurana: 
Sir, can you also quantify what is the total market size for them right now? What kind of total 
business they were doing presently in the 5G RAN side? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, I don't have those numbers with me right now. And I know they have a significant business 
in Japan and a significant business in Europe. And we are looking at this partnership of getting 
market traction in those markets along with them. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Jainis Chheda from Kemfin Family Office. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Am I audible? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, you are. 
Jainis Chheda: 
Sir, just one question from my side. Now, since in the BSNL there was a performance-linked 
payment that was there, are there similar conditions in the international orders as well? 
Arnob Roy: 
No, no. There are no such conditions because, for the international orders, especially the one in 
South America and then the other one also, the wins, the purchase orders came after an extensive 
POC. So our products were already proven in the POC network, after which these orders came. So 
there is no payment linked to performance. But it is very important for us to have a really good 
performance in the network for any expansions and also further businesses, and them providing a 
good reference network for us. 
Jainis Chheda: 
So what will be the payment cycle type for these supplies that you have made recently? Is it 60 to 
90 days or longer? 
Arnob Roy: 
No, it will be the regular payment cycle that we have for most customers. There is nothing 
exceptional over here. Or like BSNL, it is not like that. I mean most of them are our standard. It 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 8  
 
 
varies between 60 to 90 days, and this is also with the same terms. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rajakumar from RK Invest. 
Rajakumar: 
Sir, the first question is, I just want to know, what is the path to profitability? 
Arnob Roy: 
So, the first part is, of course, increasing our business and market share. As you know, we came 
off from FY25 -- a very successful FY25 and FY26 results were not as expected because a lot of 
the deals we were expecting to close at the time didn't materialize. Whereas we kept on investing 
on R&D for future technology development.  
 
So the first path to profitability is, of course, growing our business. And with the momentum that 
we have and also getting the expansion order will give us a lot of tailwind in that direction. Apart 
from that, as a part of the growth of business, we have to leverage our partnerships with our global 
OEMs -- partners, right, NEC and others, for growing our international business. 
 
And then finally, optimizing our operating expenses in line with our business and cost 
engineering for improving margins and working capital management to reduce finance costs over 
time. And as you know, a lot of the inventory build-out that had been made for the expansion 
order. Now with this coming in, we expect a lot of that to go away, reducing our working capital 
requirements for the future. 
 
We also expect our receivables to come down with the completion of all the acceptances and 
delivering all the deferred features for BSNL. So overall, I would say, we are in a very positive 
direction, as you can see from our financial results from Q1 of FY26 to Q4 to Q1. I mean, the 
trajectory is positive, in terms of revenue, PBT, inventory and so on. Maybe not to the scale at 
which we were expecting, but the positive trajectory is there. 
 
And as we continue to go along, we are growing our business. I think on all the parameters that I 
talked about, revenue, working capital, inventory, receivables, we should see a lot of positive 
progress on all of that. And I believe we are on the path to profitability. 
Rajakumar: 
Okay. So in terms of timeline, can we take it as anywhere between 12 to 18 months, we can see a 
positive bottom line? 
Arnob Roy: 
I would say our first target will be positive EBITDA and EBIT and then going to PAT profitability 
as well. And yes it will take some time. 12 to 18 months is a reasonable time to expect. 
Rajakumar: 
Sir, just one more question. Just on the receivable, I see that the receivable has moved from 
INR1,900 crores to INR2,232 crores. So it's almost INR325 crores movement, and you have done 
revenues of about INR400 crores in this quarter. So which means almost whatever your revenue 
you have done, it's remaining in the AR only. And I know that there is no BSNL order both in 
this current quarter and the previous quarter. So why we are seeing a sticky collection in even the 
non-BSNL segment also? 
Arnob Roy: 
No, we had collections for the non-BSNL segment also. But with this increase in revenue, I think 
whatever we have shipped, the increased shipments of this quarter have gone into the receivables. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 9  
 
 
That's why -- that's one of the reasons that you're seeing the receivables gone up. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Sugandhi Sud from BTH Capital. 
Arnob Roy: 
We can't hear you, Sugandhi. 
Sugandhi: 
A couple of things. If you could give us an idea about the warranty provision, and what is the 
internal policy that we follow for making these provisions because they have been a recurring item 
on the P&L for the last couple of quarters. And in terms of what is the origin of these provisions, 
because they're sizable compared to the kind of business we used to do in the pre-BSNL order era. 
 
So just trying to also figure out how to look about profitability from a long-term perspective in 
terms of -- I understand that the BSNL order is a big proof of concept for our execution in 5G. 
But in terms of how profitable, the kind of net profit that we make from the order against the kind 
of provisions that we make. I'm just assuming here, most of them come from our PSU businesses 
only. So could you give us an idea about that? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. So I think your first question was about warranty costs, and they are usually determined by 
potential fault rates and repair requirements and anticipated claims during the warranty period, and 
is driven by our cumulative installed base. So right now, the distortion that you see in this increased 
warranty provision is because of this large BSNL network that was rolled out. And as you've seen 
in our financial performance in the past, this was not a very big factor.  
 
And in the future, we also don't see this going to happen. And as the product base -- the products 
stabilizes, which is what is happening, and the field experience matures, we are -- the warranty 
costs are expected to normalize. So this has been a one-off case because of the large network 
deployment that has happened, and it is going to stabilize and come down as we get along. So we 
are on the path to that. 
 
The other part was -- your question about profitability. I kind of answered the question, that 
driven by revenue growth in international as well as domestic, and then managing of working 
capital and margin improvements that will come along with the international business and so on. 
So I think that remains the same. 
 
While the BSNL business is there, as you can see, all our efforts and focus is on the private 
market, the private telco market, both in India as well as international. And during the quarter, we 
have made significant progress in that direction, especially -- and the heartening thing to note is 
all our new technology investments in 5G, in optical, in FTTx, all of them are getting traction. 
And so the vision of how these technologies would evolve and how the market would adopt them 
is kind of playing out. So that's the positive part. 
 
The add-on order is -- would be a really good tailwind for us in terms of cleaning up the 
inventory that was built, cleaning up the receivables, and really improving our working capital 
significantly. So that's the good part of the add-on order when it comes in. But from all other 
parameters in terms of new business wins and our international business growth, I think we are 
on a very positive trajectory, and we hope to continue this going forward. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 10  
 
 
Sugandhi: 
Sure. Sir, in terms of the add-on orders, the economics would be more or less on the same line as 
for the initial INR1 lakh size? 
Arnob Roy: 
That's correct. That's correct. It's going to be on the same line as that. 
Sugandhi: 
If I'm not mistaken, there was some service revenue element which was supposed to last for a 
longer period. Do we accrue any revenue on account of services provided to BSNL on the existing 
base today? 
Arnob Roy: 
Not yet. That's going to start. The AMCs are going to start after site acceptance and the warranty 
period getting over. It's going to start. So the significant amount of service revenues, the AMC 
revenues, that has not started yet. 
Sugandhi: 
Sorry, what is the timeline for that? 
Arnob Roy: 
It's going to start in the next few quarters. 
Sugandhi: 
Sure. Okay. And if you can give us a split of the current quarter's revenues between wireless and 
wireline? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, I mean -- we don't get into those details in terms of more revenue split. But I can definitely 
say that there's been a significant amount of wireless business, and that has been also been mostly 
international, right? So it is a significant part, but I wouldn't like to give any numbers in terms of 
the wireless, wireline. We don't give that. But we have said that India has been 50% and 
international 50%, right? So international has been largely wireless and some wireline also for 
some of our existing customers. 
Sugandhi: 
That's encouraging. Sir, any -- and I noticed that you're not giving the order book anymore. I mean 
that's a number you used to share previously. But if you could just give us... 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, we did that, right? I think I shared the number. So at the end of my first slide, if you see, was 
INR1,529 crores, which is a slight increase over Q4, which was INR1,514 crores. So we did win 
new orders during the quarter, which has increased our order book slightly. 
Sugandhi: 
Sure, sir. And how much of that would be international? 
Arnob Roy: 
If you see I also mentioned at the beginning of the presentation, that most of the new wins during 
the quarter has been for the domestic, apart from the South American 5G network. So that's why 
the split between current split of India international is like 93% India and 7% international, and we 
hope to change that profile going forward. 
Sugandhi: 
And I'm assuming there's no element of BSNL order in this at present. 
Arnob Roy: 
No, the new add-on order is not part of this. Whatever in terms of -- whatever the service revenue 
aims is, and all those kind of things for which we have POs, they would be in the backlog. The 
add-on revenues are not part of the backlog as of yet, the order book. 
Sugandhi: 
And the South American order is already included in this? 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 11  
 
 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, that is included in the order book. 
Sugandhi: 
So is that, sir, like -- is that like a pilot level of contract? Or are we talking about slightly -- is it a 
network rollout or just a testing sort of order that we're talking in South America? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. 
Sugandhi: 
And is it within a strategy for new... 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. As I said, we went through an extensive POC for our products before we were given this 
order. Yes, and this is the initial order for the network, because operators also build -- most 
international and private operators build network in steps, right? I mean since there is nothing like 
a tendering process like BSNL, where they buy everything together and then slowly deploy over a 
period of time, most of the operators buy some amount and deploy them, and then expand the 
network as they get more customers, as they get more territory, and so on. So this is like that, right? 
 
I mean we finished a POC successfully. We won the initial order, and on the success of this, we 
expect additional orders to come, which we are aware of. They have network expansion 
requirement, but this will keep happening over time, which is usually the way it happens for most 
private operators. 
Sugandhi: 
True. Sir, and I noticed that after that initial increase in our employee accretion, which we saw 
from 2021 to '25, we've had a sort of stable number last year. So any guidance that you can give 
us? And also, what you capitalize and expense, put together in your R&D, how much of that would 
be employee expenses? 
Arnob Roy: 
So the employee costs are more or less flat. We are managing our expenses. And I said last year, 
we did a significant increase because even while the business was not panning out as expected, we 
wanted to make sure that product and technology-wise, we were up and current. And that's what 
happened. So now that a lot of that is done, I think our employee expenses are expected to remain 
flat for some more time. So that's going to happen. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pratap Maliwal from Mount Intra Finance. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Hi. Am I audible? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, you are. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
I just wanted to follow on from the point that you said that you expect the AMC orders to come in 
from this year. So could you just help us understand what could be the size of these contracts that 
we get? At the time of signing of the BSNL deal, I believe the management had pointed out that 
the initial INR7,500 crores was for the supply of equipment, and then the AMCs will come in, 
which would also be to the tune of thousands of crores. And over what period would these revenues 
be recognized? Could you just help me on that part? 
Arnob Roy: 
So the AMC revenues would be recognized over a period of 8 years when it starts. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 12  
 
 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Okay. Just some detail around what could be the size of the AMC revenues. 
Arnob Roy: 
So we have not yet shared the AMC numbers for the network. I think when that materializes, we 
are going to share that with you. Okay? 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Okay. See, sir, my understanding is the AMC revenue would be higher margin. So is that a key 
component of our path to profitability, as the previous participant had asked? Is that something that 
we are factoring in? That's what I'm trying to gauge here. 
Arnob Roy: 
No. So yes, that's correct. I think the AMC revenues come with a much higher margin, obviously. 
So that's going to definitely help our profitability when it starts, and it's going to start in the next 
few quarters. That's going to start at the end of the deployment and acceptance and warranty period. 
But you're right. Yes, the AMCs will come with higher margin and impact our financials very 
positively. 
Pratap Maliwal: 
Okay. And just one last detail. So when these AMC orders come in, is it going to be one large kind 
of a lumpy contract like the supply of equipment was? Or is it more nuanced as in which circle the 
equipment was deployed in that circle, AMC orders come in first or something like that, sir? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, mostly it is going to be like that. It's going to be circle by circle AMC POs that are going to 
come based on the timeline of the deployment and so on. So that's how it's going to happen. But it 
will be a multi-year contract. It's not going to be year after year contract. It will be a multi-year 
contract, but they'll come split into circles, and that's the way it will come. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Shailesh from InvestYadnya. 
Shailesh: 
I have a question about D2M. So we got an approval of D2M in last quarter. So how is this going 
to pan out? Are there any orders about D2M or will there be any certainty about orders, any 
contracts or any particular revenue would be there? I don't want guidance, but how will be the 
trajectory for D2M? I want to understand that. 
Arnob Roy: 
I'll hand you over to our COO, Preetham, who is closely following the trial and the business, and 
he can update. 
Preetham Uthaiah: 
For D2M, basically, we are waiting for the Prasar Bharati tender to happen. Once the tender is out, 
we will be partnering with one of the SI partners like FreeStream or anybody else who is 
participating and that process will take some time. So at this point in time, there is no clarity on 
when exactly the tender will happen. So that is the path it will take for us to really get into the 
market. The tender has to come. We have to participate with the SI. And after the selection, we see 
the revenue. 
Arnob Roy: 
So all the trials that have happened is with our equipment, exclusively with our broadcast radios. 
Shailesh: 
So I want to understand -- again one question about that also that are there any other players who 
have got that approval of D2M in India, specifically if you want to understand that. 
Preetham Uthaiah: 
There may be multiple SI partners who would participate in this tender. But like Arnob mentioned, 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 13  
 
 
the D2M equipment, we are uniquely positioned to be one of the only players who have that kind 
of equipment available as of today. 
Arnob Roy: 
There hasn't been any other POC with anybody else's equipment. 
Preetham Uthaiah: 
Yes. Only our equipment has undergone proof-of-concept trials. 
Shailesh: 
And do you have the numbers of total TAM for D2M, any specific -- is there any TAM where we 
can get the understanding of market, how large that market is? 
Preetham Uthaiah: 
If the rollout happens nationwide to the scale at which we anticipate it to happen, then it could be 
close to $ 1 billion of TAM. But it really depends on the pace at which it is rolled out. So I mean 
the rollout might happen in phases. So, it may not be all of it will happen in one shot. 
Arnob Roy: 
So I think it's probably better to give the number of sites directionally. So overall, if it is a 
nationwide rollout, we are talking about the number of sites, which are very similar to what we 
have seen for BSNL. But it all depends on... 
Kumar Sivarajan: 
It will be less -- less than BSNL. 
Arnob Roy: 
Right. Probably less than that. 
Preetham Uthaiah: 
Well, the broadcast sites will be lower. So it will be lesser number of sites compared to the BSNL 
network. 
Shailesh: 
Okay. And one last question about that. I read the news about that TCS got the expansion deal for 
BSNL. Is that the same expansion that we were talking about? Or is there another next phase of 
expansion is there for 4G? 
Arnob Roy: 
No, this is the same expansion order that we're talking about for these 26,000 sites. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Rajveer Singh from Vivek Investment Managers. 
Rajveer Singh: 
My first question is on the R&D return. Tejas is investing heavily in R&D. Can you let me know 
which recent R&D investments are closest to commercialization, and when should investors 
expect meaningful revenue from them? 
Arnob Roy: 
The R&D investments keeps happening on a continuous basis, and a lot of these are an evolution 
of the technology that we play in. For example, we started our wireless journey using 4G, right? 
So as we were doing 4G, the natural evolution was investment in 5G, and that's what we have been 
investing in for the last more than 12 months. More than -- close to 24 months, we have been 
investing. 
 
As our 4G products were getting deployed, that investment had happened, and that is now 
leading to commercialization, the beginning of commercialization, and we are seeing the initial 
successes. So while now we expect growth in our 5G business, we have already started investing 
in 5G-Advanced and 6G as well, right? So it is not one single new product which is -- there's 
investment will come out and get commercialized. It's like an ongoing process and evolution of 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 14  
 
 
our technology, right? 
 
And similarly for optical, if you see, it's like the technology space is the same, say, optical 
transmission of high-capacity traffic. And when we started optical, it was 100 gig, 10 gigabit 
moving to 100 gigabit, then it moved to 200. Now we are supporting up to 1.2 terabit per 
channel. The major deployments are happening in 400 gig and 800 gig and so on. So as that 
happens, as the technology and new innovations come in, we'll be investing ahead of time before 
they get adopted. And as and when the adoption of those technologies happen, we'll be 
commercializing them. 
 
So I mean, the summary is that it's not really one new product which we are launching for which 
we are going to see commercialization. It's like an evolutionary process of the technology and 
products that we have. 
Rajveer Singh: 
Understood. Okay. So my second question is on the competitive position. So against global 
vendors like Nokia, Ericsson and Huawei, where does Tejas believe it has a strong technological 
edge today? 
Arnob Roy: 
So in terms of wireless, if you see, our radio technology is really where we are standing out, right? 
And that's why we get a lot of attention, especially the BSNL network performance has proven the 
kind of the maturity of our technology. 
 
And in terms of the wide portfolio of RAN that we have or the radios that we have, and that's 
where the global partnerships are also coming into play, right? So from that point of view, I 
would say wireless, very efficient, high-performing radios, the macro radios that we have. Our 
entire solution with BBU has a lot of differentiators in terms of being an integrated BBU with 
transport and other capabilities. 
 
So first of all, I would say the equipment performance and secondly, the versatility of the 
equipment in terms of how it can be deployed in the network and reducing the overall opex and 
capex of the network. That's as far as wireless goes. 
 
Similarly, from a wireline point of view, there are many differentiators. One part is the access, 
we have a very strong portfolio in access where we can combine the FTTx and enterprise 
services and high bandwidth, low-latency services in a single product using the convergence of 
all the technologies that we have. Our optical products are, again, absolutely state-of-the-art in 
terms of performance, power, density. 
 
The reason that our data center product has been selected as a global finalist is that we are 
absolutely leading-edge in terms of power and density and the services and the capacity of the 
product in terms of the services it offers. So I think that's -- in a way, that's a minimum 
requirement if you want to grow in your international business as well as the Indian private telco 
business. So in a nutshell, whenever we make these products, I think those differentiators are 
built-in and designed and then the quality of your portfolio is what really matters in terms of 
being able to win over the competition that you're talking about. 
Rajveer Singh: 
It sounds great. My last question is on artificial intelligence. So if AI infrastructure spending 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 15  
 
 
accelerates globally over the next 5 years existing Tejas products, do you think would benefit 
without requiring additional R&D? 
Kumar Sivarajan: 
No, clearly increase in AI means increase in bandwidth, connecting data centers, and connecting 
users to the data center, which is the access. So the current product sales will improve. It's also 
required for us to develop higher capacity products, both in the access and in the core, right? And 
that's what I outlined. So yes, there will be increase in our current product sales, but we also need 
higher capacity because networks will become higher capacity, and we are investing in that to 
evolve our products. 
Arnob Roy: 
And if you see the current round of investments are happening heavily in terms of building the 
central data centers, where Kumar talked about learning versus inference and so on. So as this 
infrastructure gets built and then the AI adoption, I think we have probably have kind of scratched 
the surface in terms of AI adoption across the world.  
 
And when that really goes mainstream and everybody becomes a heavy user of AI, that's where 
the investments will move from the centralized data structures to the edge and then to the last mile, 
to the access, to the users as well, right? And that's where Kumar talked about our 50-gig PON, 
and then 6G and 5G-Advanced technologies coming into play.  
 
So as and when that matures, the different segments of our products will see a lot more business 
traction. And we are kind of continuing to invest to in-line with the vision of how the networks 
will evolve with that deployment. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Vijay from Subhkam Ventures. 
Vijay Sarthy: 
Just wanted to check with you, sir. For the 1.6T DWDM platform, can you name the trials are 
going on with the India sector or international hyperscalers? What stage are we in, in terms of 
trials? And what specific technology gap that you foresee, and how quickly you think you can 
come closer to that? That's the first question. The second is, in your presentation, you talked a lot 
about the solutions that you give end-to-end. Could we have the time line of those trials and 
launches possible? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. When I talk about 1.6T WDM, if you see our current products, which are getting deployed, 
also support up to 1.6 terabits per channel performance in WDM, and they are getting traction right 
now. And what happens is that when you support up to 1.2 terabits, people actually based on their 
network requirements, they run the equipment at maybe 400 gigabits per channel or 800 gigabits 
per channel based on the capacity of the network, right?  
 
But we are seeing the capacity goes up to 1.2 terabits, and the customers have already tried it and 
seen it for the maximum performance, and then they buy it and deploy it for their requirements 
while they have tested for the peak performance. 
 
Similarly, the new DCI product, the TJ1600-D3 product is at the initial customer engagements 
right now. We are positioning it for field trials. So I think this year, we expect to go through 
several POCs and field trials. And maybe towards the end of the financial year or early financial 
year, this new product will also start seeing customer deployment and so on. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 16  
 
 
 
But we have already positioned it across several large opportunities, both in India as well as 
globally. The other one, we talked about end-to-end solutions. I think I referred to end-to-end 
network for a 5G win. And in that end-to-end, what I referred to was the combination of our 
radios, our base band equipment, and the core, which is a substantial amount of technology 
coming together completely from Tejas. So that was the wireless end-to-end solution. 
 
Now, if you combine it, the other end-to-end part of it is when you combine the wireless with our 
wireline products because this wireless network, right from the radio sites connecting to the core 
and so on, requires a wireline network, which runs over fiber. So even that network, and that's 
when I talk about 5G backhaul wins that I talked about during the quarter -- that's where our 
wireline equipment also comes into play.  
 
And yes, as of today, as a combination of wireline and wireless, we have all the products and 
technologies that any operator can use to build a complete network. However, I mean, that's not 
how all major Tier 1 operators always have multi-vendor networks across each and every 
technology. So that's the way people purchase as well. But yes, one of our strengths is the end-to-
end solutions that we have for wireless and wireline. 
Vijay Sarthy: 
My bad, sorry. I was referring to the end-to-end transformation with respect to AI native BBU all 
the way up to NG-DWDM. So we look at MIMO, you talked about CLS band -- C+L+S band 
DWDM, then you talked about 1.6T. So I'm just trying to understand, when do we see this coming 
into reality in the next to the forthcoming quarters? So do we see MIMO's first commercial wins 
on that side and then progressing ourselves to the 1.6T DWDM? How does that stack work? So 
just trying to understand how does the flow will come through. 
Kumar Sivarajan: 
6G will get commercialized only around 2030. Maybe 2029 will be the product. So we'll gear up 
in stages for that. The 256 TR massive MIMO will be what will happen. First, spectrum has to be 
allotted, 7 gigahertz. Then standards have to be finalized, right? So the date from 3GPP for 6G is 
2030. So we expect to have product launches just before that, probably in 2029. 
 
But we will have technology capability demonstrations and so on, starting next year, progressing 
towards a commercial product with full capability in that timeframe. The reason is not entirely 
with us. The reason is also the standards have to be finalized. The phone ecosystem, which may 
not be phones in 6G, it could be other kinds of user equipment. That has to mature, right? 
 
Again, in WDM, today it's mainly C+L-band. So 1.6T is there. The addition of the S-band will 
happen as the capacity crunch hits, right? And that also will happen in the next 2, 3 years. S-band 
is already there, but the demand will pick up around the same timeframe when the traffic scales 
up, when 6G gets deployed, and a lot more of this virtual reality and all that happens at the edge 
of the network. 
Vijay Sarthy: 
And on the... 
Kumar Sivarajan: 
Roughly, it's 2029-'30. 
Vijay Sarthy: 
Yes. Sure. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 17  
 
 
Arnob Roy: 
We are also running out of time now. So can we -- we'll have time for one last question. You can... 
Vijay Sarthy: 
Sure. So I'll just combine 2 questions in one, so if you can help me answer that. So AI edge router 
product, are we -- when we do testing, do we also have Saankhya as the designed AI accelerator 
chip or do we initially go with some of the AI accelerator chips that are available in the market? 
How do we do that? And what is the time line for that? That is one. 
 
Second, on a broader basis, do we say that from FY27 all the way to '30, '31, we will have a 
consistent revenue growth unlike the past that we have had. And therefore, we have set of growth 
stages like D2M, plus you have AI, you have the DWDM AI, then AI hyperscaler business, plus 
the 6G coming in. So should we expect a consistent progressive revenue growth from '27 to '30, 
'31? These are the 2 questions. 
Arnob Roy: 
Maybe let me start with the second one. You're right. I think given the R&D investments and the 
products that we have, which are very relevant, not only for the business opportunities today, not 
only for the network of today, but also as AI deployment happens, Kumar kind of explained how 
they're going to be relevant. 
 
So as that happens, yes, we expect to see more business wins, more market share, and more 
adoption of existing as well as the new products coming in. So yes, I think the goal is and the 
expectation is that in the next few years we should see business growth and as well as profitable 
growth, right? I mean, coming off the back of this large BSNL order, right? So that is there. 
 
And as far as the edge router you're talking about, yes, it's more of a routing product. It doesn't 
have any AI engine in it right now, but it is more towards enabling the scalability of edge 
networks connected with the -- that's where a lot of the AI inferencing infrastructure and all will 
be connected to.  
 
And this will provide the infrastructure for high bandwidth, low-latency connectivity, connecting 
the end users to those inferencing sites. That's the main application. And the technology over here 
is basically providing high-speed switching and low-latency communication between the end 
user to the edge. 
Vijay Sarthy: 
Okay. 
Arnob Roy: 
So once again, thank you very much for attending the earnings call, and if you have any further 
questions, feel free to reach out through our company website, and we'll be happy to answer the 
questions as they come along. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for their closing comments. 
Arnob Roy: 
No, I think I made my management comments. So thanks to everyone for attending this call, and I 
hope we have given a good picture of the business of Q1 and the progress that we have made from 
FY26. 
 
Looking forward, we are very bullish about our future. We are very bullish about all the 

Tejas Networks Limited 
July 28, 2026 
Page 18  
 
 
investments that we have made over the past 12 months and the industry outlook that we see 
from our customer base and new customers, especially in the international market. And thank 
you for your continued partnership, and we hope to stay engaged with you as we make progress 
in our business. So thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for clarity and readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
 
