 
 
 
 
 
 
August 19, 2026 
 
 To, 
The Secretary, 
Market Operations Dept., 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
Capital Market Operations 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Fl., Plot No.C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500003 
Scrip Code: AEGISLOG 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub. : Transcript of the earnings conference call held on Friday, August 14, 2026 at 05:00 
p.m.(IST) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the earnings conference call held on Friday, August 14, 2026, at 05:00 p.m. (IST) for your 
information and records. 
 
The above communication is also available on the website of the Company at www.aegisindia.com. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
  
Yours faithfully, 
For AEGIS LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Sneha Parab 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sneha 
Lavaraj 
Parab
Digitally signed by 
Sneha Lavaraj Parab 
Date: 2026.08.19 
15:13:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Aegis Logistics Limited 
Q1 & FY '27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJ CHANDARIA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – AEGIS LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MR. MURAD MOLEDINA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
- AEGIS LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PAYAL DAVE– MUFG INTIME 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call of 
Aegis Logistics Limited. Before we begin, a short disclaimer. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Raj Chandaria from Aegis Logistics Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon. I'm joined today by our CFO, Mr. Murad Moledina and 
Ms. Payal Dave from our Investor Relations team. So let me start with our Q1 FY '27 
performance. We delivered a record quarter, crossing the significant milestone of INR500 crores 
of profit after tax in the first quarter of this fiscal year compared to INR175 crores in Q1 of FY 
'26, reflecting an exceptional 212% year-on-year growth. We reported a normalized EBITDA of 
INR727 crores in Q1 compared to INR256 crores in Q1 of FY '26, delivering a robust growth of 
184% year-on-year. 
 
Earnings per share for the quarter stood at INR13.80, which is approximately 54% of the full 
year EPS delivered in the whole of FY '26. And this reflects the strong operating performance 
and earnings momentum that we have carried into the new fiscal year. Our Liquids division 
delivered its highest ever Q1 EBITDA performance and has now recorded 5 consecutive quarters 
of EBITDA growth. As we have emphasized in the past, this division remains a well-diversified 
and stable cash-generating business for the company. 
 
And we continue to invest in capacity expansion within this segment, enabling us to capitalize 
on growth opportunities while further strengthening its contribution to our overall portfolio. 
Turning to our Gas division. I would like to particularly emphasize the exceptional performance 
delivered during the quarter. The division reported its highest ever EBITDA, registering a 
remarkable 296% year-on-year growth. 
 
And what makes this achievement more - notable is that it has delivered this amidst a very 
challenging global backdrop marked by ongoing geopolitical tensions and disruptions arising 
from the war in the Middle East, and it demonstrates the resilience of our logistics business. 
Further, LPG sourcing volumes also remained stable and recorded a marginal growth of 1% 
year-on-year, highlighting the strength and reliability of our sourcing capabilities. 
 
Our gas distribution business continued its strong growth trajectory during the quarter, 
delivering a 91% year-on-year increase in volumes compared to Q1 of FY '26 and a 19% 
sequential growth over Q4 FY '26. And this performance was driven by robust demand across 
customer segments and continued expansion of our customer base. Over the last year, we have 
successfully added multiple private sector customers, and I'm pleased to share that this 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
momentum has continued into the current fiscal year as well. And the ability to consistently 
onboard new customers and scale volumes is a direct outcome of our vertically integrated 
business model. What differentiates us is our presence across the entire value chain from 
sourcing and logistics to storage and distribution. 
 
And this deep integration provides us with the supply reliability, operational flexibility and a 
stronger value proposition for customers, which has enabled us to respond efficiently to market 
opportunities while ensuring uninterrupted service levels. In fact, the volume growth we are 
witnessing today would have been difficult to achieve without a well-integrated business model.  
 
And the seamless coordination across our sourcing, storage and distribution operations continues 
to be a key competitive advantage and an important driver of our growth in the gas business. So 
to summarize, the sharp increase in the EBITDA of the gas business was driven by 2 key factors: 
First, the resilience of our logistics and sourcing business, which maintains stable volumes 
despite the challenging global environment. And secondly, the outstanding performance of our 
distribution business, which achieved record volumes along with healthy margin expansion. 
 
If I can switch to the port-by-port operational performance. As far as Mumbai Port was 
concerned, it continues to operate at a high utilization level. And in order to further strengthen 
our capacity and cater to future growth, we are developing an additional 64,000 cubic meters of 
liquid storage at an investment of approximately INR125 crores. And I'm pleased to share that 
the progress is progressing as per schedule and with commissioning targeted during the first half 
of this fiscal year. Historically, this has been a high demand port benefiting from its important 
location and strong customer franchise. 
 
And based on customer interest in existing demand trends, we are confident that this new 
capacity will ramp up utilization quickly once it becomes operational. Just to remind people, 
currently, Mumbai Port capacities comprise 334,000 cubic meters of liquid storage capacity and 
21,000 metric tons of static LPG storage capacity. 
 
As far as JNPA Port is concerned, for the benefit of everybody, JNPA in Maharashtra has 
emerged as India's highest revenue-generating major port in FY '26. At JNPA, the current liquid 
storage stands at 101,900 cubic meters, and we're executing a major expansion of approximately 
318,100 cubic meters of additional liquid storage, 77,236 metric tons of LPG capacity and an 
LPG bottling plant with 35,000 metric tons of annual capacity with a total capital outlay of 
roughly INR1,675 crores. 
 
The first phase of this liquid storage expansion of approximately 100,000 cubic meters is 
expected to be commissioned in Q3 of FY '27 and will start contributing as soon as the capacity 
becomes operational. As we had mentioned during the last quarter, we were evaluating the 
addition of new storage -- LPG storage capacity to this port to further strengthen our 
infrastructure, and I'm pleased to share that the Board of Directors in its recent meeting has 
approved the development of a 52,000 metric ton refrigerated double-walled steel LPG tank at 
JNPA. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
And this expansion represents a significant strategic investment and will further enhance our gas 
handling capabilities on the West Coast. And the capex reinforces our commitment to building 
world-class infrastructure and deepening our presence at the port and further consolidate our 
position as the leading logistics player in India. As far as Haldia is concerned, you know that we 
operate an approximately 25,000 metric ton LPG terminal at Haldia. Importantly, this asset is 
backed by an exclusive terminaling agreement with HPCL extending through 2038, which 
provides long -- a strong long-term revenue visibility from this asset. 
 
And in addition to this infrastructure -- LPG infrastructure, we also operate 226,890 cubic meters 
of liquid capacity -- storage capacity at Haldia. And looking ahead, we continue to see growth 
opportunities at this location. And in that context, we have acquired a further 3 acres of land, 
which provides us with the opportunity to expand our liquid business there. As far as Kandla is 
concerned, this remains our largest and strategically most important of the port terminals for 
Aegis. It serves a vast hinterland across Northern and Western India, where we have 952,000 
cubic meters of liquid storage and 48,000 metric tons of static LPG capacity. 
 
And during last year, this port also became VLGC compliant, and that's a very important step. 
The construction of the CRL 4 liquid terminal, which will add an additional 94,148 cubic meters 
of storage is progressing well with commissioning targeted for next year. We have signed a 
nonbinding memorandum of understanding with Larsen & Toubro for potential joint 
development of ammonia terminals, which positions us well in the energy transition opportunity 
at Kandla Port. 
 
Let me provide you with an update on 2 important pipeline developments that we believe will 
be key drivers of volume growth at our Kandla and Pipavav terminals going forward. I'm happy 
to share that the -- finally, the Jamnagar-Loni pipeline -- LPG pipeline is now complete and 
operational. 
 
In addition, the Kandla-Gorakhpur LPG pipeline is progressing well, and we expect this to be 
connected during the first half of this fiscal year. These pipeline connections will enhance 
evacuation infrastructure and will enable faster turnaround, better capacity utilization and 
support the handling of higher volumes at both Kandla and Pipavav. At Pipavav, in fact, we have 
commissioned, as you know, a 48,000 metric ton LPG terminal in June last year or June of 2025, 
taking the total LPG capacity to 70,800 metric tons and the ramp-up is progressing well. 
 
This year, it is expected to be a transformational year for our Pipavav terminal with several 
important infrastructure improvements that will significantly strengthen the evacuation 
ecosystem, which is a critical enabler for handling higher volumes and improving overall 
terminal efficiency. There are 3 key developments that are worth noting. 
 
First is the jetty. APM Terminals, which manages the port is developing a VLGC-compliant 
liquids jetty, which is expected to be completed during the year, and this will enhance vessel 
handling capabilities and support larger cargo movements in the port. Secondly, the rail gantry. 
We are developing an additional liquid rail gantry and have already secured a 15-year take-or-
pay agreement with a leading conglomerate for petroleum products. The committed volumes 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
under this agreement exceed 0.5 million metric tons per annum with operations expected to 
commence by the end of the year. 
 
Thirdly, the pipeline connectivity at the Kandla-Gorakhpur pipeline, as I mentioned, is now 
expected during this year. And once operational, it will definitely enable more efficient 
evacuation and distribution of LPG from this terminal, enhancing our throughput. So with these 
developments, Pipavav is evolving into another highly integrated logistics platform, comprising 
VLGC handling, liquid and LPG storage, bottling plant, LPG rail loading facilities, 16 truck-
loading bays and pipeline connectivity into Central India. 
 
And this is really going to materially improve the operational efficiency for the port and 
strengthen its competitive positioning for Aegis Logistics. An update on the ammonia terminal, 
which was under development at Pipavav Port. I'm really pleased to announce the 
commissioning of our specialized ammonia storage and terminaling facility at Pipavav Port with 
a static storage capacity of 36,000 metric tons. This marks a significant milestone in our 
infrastructure expansion journey. 
 
This state-of-the-art terminal strengthens our position in the specialized chemicals and gas 
logistics sector, enhances India's ammonia handling capabilities and provides critical 
infrastructure to support the growing demand from the fertilizer, industrial and emerging clean 
energy value chains. 
 
The successful commissioning underscores our commitment to developing world-class logistics 
assets and creates a robust platform for future growth in ammonia and related energy transition 
opportunities. In this context, we have signed a 15-year take-or-pay agreement with Hindustan 
Zinc to service its upcoming DAP, that's Di-Ammonium phosphate, plant for part of capacity, 
providing long-term revenue visibility and a strong foundation for the asset from day 1. 
 
However, what excites us most about this opportunity is that the ammonia terminal is not just a 
storage asset. Much like our LPG business, it creates an opportunity for us to participate in the 
distribution of ammonia to industrial customers, enabling us to move further along the value 
chain and capture margins that are significantly higher than traditional storage revenues. 
 
We believe this project has the potential to create a new growth platform for the company, 
leveraging our expertise in sourcing, logistics and distribution while expanding our presence 
into an adjacent and strategically important product segment. And the attractiveness of this 
opportunity is also reflected in the confidence shown by our strategic partner, ITOCHU 
Corporation, which has acquired a 10% stake in Aegis Terminal Pipavav Limited. 
 
And ITOCHU has -- representatives have joined the Board with a long-term -- have come on 
board, sorry, with a long-term strategic vision and has -- they have expressed their intention to 
increase their stake over to 25% over the next 3 years. 
 
And this partnership brings together the strengths of a leading global trading house, Japanese 
trading house and our integrated infrastructure platform, further validating the long-term 
potential of this Pipavav asset and the opportunities that lie ahead. If I turn to Kochi Port next, 
the Kochi terminal, where we operate 82,545 cubic meters of liquid storage. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
 
As I mentioned during our previous call, we were evaluating the development of additional 
storage capacity on newly allotted land at this port. And I'm pleased to share that the Board has 
now approved this expansion and the construction of an additional 49,577 cubic meters of 
storage capacity at this site. And this new capacity is expected to be commissioned by early in 
the next financial year. 
 
And we will -- then upon completion, our total capacity at Kochi will increase to 132,122 cubic 
meters. At Mangalore Port, we've commissioned an 82,000 metric ton LPG terminal last year in 
June of 2025. We are developing there an LPG rail loading gantry and bottling plant 
infrastructure with an investment of INR52.5 crores. This -- and furthermore, we are -- the 
75,000 cubic meters of liquid capacity that was added last year is now fully operational with full 
utilization, bringing the total liquid storage to 193,000 cubic meters of capacity. And I'm pleased 
to say that we are -- we have secured additional land and are evaluating a further addition of 
60,000 cubic meters of liquids here as well. 
 
As far as new ports are concerned, you're aware that we have signed a nonbinding memorandum 
of understanding to participate in the development of Vadhavan Port with a potential investment 
of approximately INR20,000 crores, subject to the necessary approvals, land allocation and other 
regulatory clearances. And this opportunity aligns well with our long-term vision of building 
large-scale world-class infrastructure assets across India's energy and logistics value chain. 
 
And if taken forward, the project would enable us to develop really modern liquid and gas 
handling facilities and significantly expand our infrastructure platform and presence on the West 
Coast. So in my closing remarks, I would say that over the last 5 years, we have delivered a 
strong and consistent growth trajectory with earnings per share compounding at over 30% 
annually while maintaining a healthy and consistent dividend track record. This reflects not only 
the quality of our asset base, but also our disciplined approach to capital allocation and 
execution. 
 
Overall, then at the company level, the strong start to FY '27 and our performance in the first 
quarter reinforce our confidence in the growth trajectory of the business over the coming years. 
And we continue to see multiple growth drivers taking shape. The investments we have made 
over the years, coupled with the capacity expansions currently underway, really position us well 
to capitalize on the increasing demand and deliver sustainable growth. 
 
We remain confident in our growth trajectory and committed to creating long-term value for all 
our stakeholders. So that concludes my remarks. I'd now like to hand over to Mr. Murad 
Moledina, our CFO, who will take you through the financial performance for the quarter in 
greater detail. Thanks. Murad. 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you very much. As Mr. Raj highlighted earlier, we began FY '27 on a very strong footing, 
delivering record financial performance across all key metrics. Revenue from operations for the 
quarter stood at INR2,357 crores, registering a healthy 37% year-on-year growth. Our operating 
performance was even stronger with normalized EBITDA increasing 184% year-on-year to 
INR727 crores, reflecting the benefits of higher volumes and better margins. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
Profit after tax for the quarter grew by 212% to INR545 crores compared to INR175 crores in 
the corresponding quarter of the previous year. As a result, earnings per share increased to 
INR13.80 as against INR3.74 in Q1 of FY '26, underscoring the significant improvement in 
profitability and value creation for our shareholders. Let me give you a segment-wise breakup 
of the performance. The LPG segment reported EBITDA of INR591 crores, representing an 
exceptional 296% year-on-year growth compared to Q1 FY '26. On a sequential basis as well, 
EBITDA grew by a healthy 8% despite an already strong performance in the previous quarter. 
 
Let me briefly touch upon the volumes across the segment. Our distribution business achieved 
a record volume of 2.77 lakh metric tons, registering a 91% increase over Q1 FY '26 and a 19% 
growth compared to FY -- Q4 FY '26. This strong performance was driven by robust demand 
and continued customer additions across the market. 
 
In the logistics business throughput volumes remained resilient at 1.124 million metric tons 
despite -- holding steady despite the geopolitical challenges and disruptions arising from the 
global war-led uncertainties. This demonstrates the strength of our infrastructure platform and 
the reliability of our operations. Meanwhile, our sourcing business continued to maintain stable 
performance with volumes increasing marginally year-on-year to 1.21 lakh metric tons. Let's 
move on to Liquid division. Turning to the Liquid segment. 
 
We delivered another quarter of strong and consistent growth. Revenue for Q1 FY '27 stood at 
INR178 crores, representing a 24% year-on-year increase. The segment reported an EBITDA of 
INR136 crores, up 28% compared to the corresponding quarter last year. As I have consistently 
emphasized in our earlier interactions, I would like to reiterate that cumulative capex is to reach 
approximately $1.2 billion in this fiscal year, reflecting the pace of expansion across our port 
network. Looking further ahead, we have identified a capex pipeline of approximately $5 billion 
through the financial year 2030-'31. 
 
Investments are aligned with both traditional energy infrastructure and energy transition value 
chains. We'll pursue this growth with disciplined funding through balanced mix of equity, 
internal accruals and debt, targeting a gearing ratio of approximately 0.6. Low leverage, strong 
cash generation and a resilient fortress balance sheet gives us the financial flexibility to move 
quickly on opportunities. Thank you. I will now request the moderator to open the floor for the 
question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Vibhav Zutshi from JP Morgan. Please 
go ahead.  
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Congratulations on a very strong performance. First question is on Distribution segment. So you 
mentioned multiple customer signings. So broader question, is the volume growth surpassing 
your own expectations? And obviously, there is some disruption due to the war. But do you think 
that these volumes are sticky, these customer contracts are sticky? And how do you see growth 
now from the 280 kt levels that we saw in this quarter? 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, Vibhav. So what I can tell you is that we have always had aim to reach 2 million tons in 
distribution in coming times ahead. And that's not because of the war, but because of the 
infrastructure layout that we are executing in LPG business. 
Last year, we commissioned 2 very big cryogenic terminals, Pipavav, 48,000 metric tons; 82,000 
metric tons, Mangalore, which gives us the flexibility and the ullage to undertake distribution 
business in addition to catering to our customers, handling the product of our customers. 
So it's like if you have ullage and more locations, your distribution geography increases, new 
customers come on because there is a product which you can make available for the industry. 
Of course, it helped that this geopolitics made things more difficult, and we were poised with 
our partnership and the whole presence in the entire chain, vertically integrated from sourcing, 
shipping, terminals and the distribution network, we were able to reach products when times 
were really, really difficult for the industry. 
 
This -- I'm sure the fact that we have increased our presence in geography and the fact that we 
have delivered when it mattered the most to the industries and the fact that there will be an 
increase in the usage with industry year-on-year, I think all the 3 facts: increase in demand, 
delivering when it mattered and ullage and infrastructure layout that we are consistently doing 
across the geography of India, I think, will always take us ahead in this distribution business 
doing and growing healthy volumes year-on-year. 
 
And now the fact that we have also commissioned our ammonia terminal add to the gas business 
by one more product, which we can now handle as we now have the infrastructure to support 
this distribution business. So we are very, very excited and positive about this business. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Got it. Great to know. Just a follow-up here. So is it fair to say that profitability in terms of 
EBITDA per ton kind of peaked in this quarter? But just a commentary where even you talked 
about Pipavav will become VLGC compliant this year. So I mean, going forward, there should 
be considerable freight cost savings as well. So I mean, you talked about INR6,000 to INR7,000 
being a comfortable level. But how do you think about profitability, say, from a near-term basis 
and medium term structurally?  
Murad Moledina: 
I think the INR4,000 margin, which we were earning till '24, '25 is history. We have already said 
that the blended margins, please do not look at it quarter-to-quarter. It has to be looked as a year 
as a whole blended rate. And we believe the margin of INR7,000 looks sustainable. Of course, 
in '25, '26, it was driven and we have achieved probably on account of the geopolitics and the 
uncertainty and the difficulty that has come in this business because we are vertically integrated 
and we are in the entire value chain, we have been able to deliver this kind of margin, up from 
INR4,000, which in the past was a standard margin in distribution business. 
 
But going forward, from '27, '28 because of the volume ramp-ups, because of what we have just 
said, VLGC Jetty, multimodal evacuation and the ullage that we are creating along will enable 
us to get procurement efficiencies, which I personally believe that will lead to a more stable 
margin around 7,000 plus that we have delivered in '25, '26 and expected to deliver with the kind 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
of performance that we have done in Q1 looks almost a certainty for '26, '27. So yes, I think we 
should now look at distribution margin to be in the range of 7,000 plus going forward. 
Vibhav Zutshi: 
Got it. And second question is on the Logistics segment. I mean, just related to the KGPL 
pipeline that you were talking about. So how should we think about throughput enhancement in 
basic terms, right? Like if your throughput is say 70 to 80 tons, how much faster can the 
evacuation happen in terms of turns or, say, volume guidance, I mean, which give a better sense 
on your utilization potential? 
Murad Moledina: 
So Vibhav, what we do is we put up the enablers, okay? So we do the pipeline hookup. We try 
multimodal evacuation by filling up lorries, filling up rail wagons, trying to hook up in cross-
country pipeline, trying for VLGC compliant jetties. We do multiple things, and these are 
enablers. But mind you, logistics business is that you store for others. 
 
The customers are -- yes, the distribution division is a customer, but then there are other 
customers who have to then use it. We believe that year-on-year, we would always clock a worst-
case scenario growth in the logistics volume of around 25%. But if these enablers are delivering 
on account of customers using these enablers, there would probably be a step-up kind of a growth 
you will see when customers start using these enablers, assuming that normalcy comes up. 
 
And the geopolitics situation normalizes. I believe it's very exciting for us. I don't know -- I can't 
tell you for sure that this is what we will achieve, but the enablers are what we can put in place, 
which will deliver step-up growth. Step-up growth, which is more than the normal 25%, which 
we always push hard to achieve year in, year out. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Desai from Dalal & Broacha. 
Yash Desai: 
Sir, if you could just give us the full year FY '26 because it has been changing quite a bit. The 
per unit margins for sourcing, logistics and distribution business, I understand you just 
mentioned that the distribution business is currently at INR7,000-odd, hence, wanted to have a 
comparison on a last year basis. And also in case of the liquid business, how much would be the 
per unit EBITDA margins? And then I'll follow up with the question. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. So liquid is very simple. You divide the EBITDA by the capacity that we have, 2 million, 
you will get the per CBM EBITDA margin as far as liquid is concerned, right? If you come to 
LPG EBITDA, it's very standard that the throughput or the logistics volumes that we do delivers 
close to INR1,000 EBITDA. And then what is left, you divide it by the distribution margin, leave 
out sourcing, sourcing hardly matters as far as EBITDA is concerned, it is a very low contributor. 
 
So then you will get the EBITDA margin for distribution business. 
Yash Desai: 
So sourcing, I believe we used to mention about $85 to $90 sort of a number. Is that fine to work 
with? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, yes, still fine. Yes, you can do that. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Yash Desai: 
Okay. And sir, this -- you were mentioning this current distribution margin of INR7,000-odd is 
sustainable. Sir, this quarter per se was no doubt, even in the last quarter, you had mentioned 
around INR5,000, if I'm not wrong. That was sort of an abbreviation because on account of the 
geopolitical situation. But still going ahead with the INR7,000 number, what gives you the 
confidence on the short- to medium-term period for this, sir? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yash, we have not delivered INR5,000 margin in Q4 and Q1. It is 3x than what you have just 
stated. So what we say is when you look at the whole year, it gets blended and then you look at 
INR7,000. So we feel because we have delivered much more in Q1 as we had delivered in Q4 
of last year, the blended margin will definitely be around INR7,000 plus. I'm not saying 
INR7,000, I'm saying INR7,000 plus. 
 
So let's see how we end the year. And we believe that this INR7,000, which is an upgrade from 
INR4,000, which we were doing up to '24, '25 is likely to sustain in the years ahead because of 
the volume growth that is happening in distribution business and that volume growth brings 
procurement efficiencies by way of shipping, by way of how -- at what rate you procure.  
 
Therefore, we believe that the uncertainty and the difficulty margin that we had achieved in Q4 
and Q1 in '27, '28 will get substituted by the procurement efficiency profits that we will be able 
to get on account of the volume ramp-up that has happened in the 24-month period from '24, '25 
to '26, '27. 
Yash Desai: 
Okay. Good to hear that, sir. And sir, this year, the overall volume, you did mention about 25% 
CAGR growth. Do we -- what kind of an upside do we see to that number? Or is that an upward 
cap? Or how do we see that number? 
Murad Moledina: 
If you're talking of volume, we have already said 25% is the benchmark we always try to push 
and achieve. Anything above is a step-up on account of the enablers that we are making -- 
enablers that we are putting in place. So let's see how much those enablers help us achieve step-
up growth over and above the 25%, which we always strive for. 
 
And we have said that as far as EPS is also concerned, in spite of the larger base, we have already 
grown from INR6 EPS to INR26 EPS. Even from this larger INR26 EPS, we expect to continue 
our CAGR growth, which we have delivered last 10 years, 25% plus. So yes, we remain positive 
on that account, and we like to perform and deliver this every year in coming times. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinith Jain from Siddh Capital. 
Vinith Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on the ammonia distribution. When do you start the distribution for 
ammonia? And what will be your EBITDA per ton on that? And also, what are the means of 
delivering ammonia, sir? 
Murad Moledina: 
Immediate. We commission, we start -- so it might be weeks, maybe a month. I mean, week and 
we would start a distribution. Distribution of ammonia will happen by industrial distribution. 
We don't pack it in cylinders nor do we put up gas stations for that. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
 
So it will only be industrial distribution to begin with. And we expect to start soonest. Margins 
are likely to start with -- in the range of -- I don't think I should be saying anything on that. Let's 
start off and then we will start saying that what are the margins that we are delivering when we 
get into it. So I think wait for a quarter, and you will see some action on that, absolutely. 
Vinith Jain: 
Okay, sir. Great. Sir, on distribution, staying on distribution, has Morbi restarted with LPG 
distribution or still not? 
Murad Moledina: 
We keep delivering to Morbi wherever we bring value for them. But Morbi is not be-all and end-
all for Aegis. The market is much bigger. The geography is the whole of India. We have been 
delivering all over the place now. 
 
So I think it's now life beyond Morbi, I think let's get on with life. Let's not just keep talking 
about Morbi all the time. 
Vinith Jain: 
So it -- my reason for asking it was a very large market, and it was closed completely in between. 
So how is the market? 
Murad Moledina: 
No. It has started, but they also will work on what is -- what energy they can get at the cheapest 
rate. They are doing great work. They are fighting competition world over. They have to deliver 
value, right? 
 
So whenever we deliver value, they buy from us or our counterparts, whether it is national oil 
companies or other LPG players. And whenever it gives value where they can work with natural 
gas, they do so. So I think energy market is big. It's all over. And there is place for, I think, 
everything and everyone. So we do -- we focus on our customers. We focus on the value we 
deliver to our customers. And we are very, very positive on this business. 
Vinith Jain: 
Okay. Sir, my next question was on the EBITDA per ton, which you said is very large, much 
higher than INR7,000. I understand which figure you're talking about. But as we get to settle 
into days, maybe 3 months down or 6 months down, we never know when Iran war stops. Do 
you think INR7,000 is the -- you said that you take the average for the year, but what will be the 
normal EBITDA? Just to have an understanding, we are targeting 2 million tons as a volume, 
but to understand the normal EBITDA. We understand all the things happening there. 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes. So I've already said earlier that till '24, '25, it was a very standard kind of INR4,000 
EBITDA margin business. But now after 24 months, in this 24 months, the uncertainty margin 
has come in, right, which has taken up the blended rate to -- blended rate for the year to 
INR7,000. We expect this INR7,000 not to come down to INR4,000 again when everything is 
normalized, say, in '27, '28 onwards. We expect that this INR4,000 will be topped up by the 
procurement efficiency gain or margin additional that we will have on account of better shipping 
cost because the volumes have increased. 
 
So instead of getting it on a medium gas carrier, which has probably a freight of $50, we would 
get it on a very large gas carrier, which has a freight of, let's say, $15. So this $35 odd, I mean, 
I'm just quoting approximate numbers, please don't take me on that. But then that gives you that 
top-up of another INR3,000. And therefore, the INR7,000 margin, we believe will, in the next 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
year, also sustain riding on the back of increased volumes that we have achieved by more 
geography, more customers, more terminals that we have commissioned doing distribution from 
all over the place, from all of our facilities. 
Vinith Jain: 
Will you be able to give the distribution, how much do you supply to industrial and how much 
-- what percentage you supply to HoReCa? 
Murad Moledina: 
We don't do that. We give logistics volumes and then we give sourcing volume and then 
distribution volume all put together. 
Vinith Jain: 
Sir, one last question. You said the nation -- India at the national level still has a deficit of 15% 
to 20% to pre-war levels in terms of LPG. So what stops us from -- because our throughput is 
much higher than what we are doing. So what stops us from filling up more or the tanks more 
because you have ITOCHU as a partner who can do wonders. So what stops you from doing 
more? 
Murad Moledina: 
We don't want to be driven by greed. We don't want to become traders. We can fill up the tanks 
and try and sell them, but it's an industry which is very volatile. We can't take positions where 
if you are left footed, then you end up really taking a big fall. So we are distributors. 
 
We do it month-on-month. We are not inventory -- these are not inventory gains on which we 
are riding. We are doing hard core distribution every month. So the cargoes don't come 6 months 
in advance in our store just because we have ullage and then try to take price advantage, which 
you never know may or may not happen. So again, repeating, we are not the global traders like 
Trafigura or a Glencore or Vitol. 
 
We are not -- we are distributors. We get material where we see demand and then we distribute 
it or reach out to those customers. It's not taking positions either on inventory or on price or 
anything else. 
Vinith Jain: 
One more thing on the Mumbai Port. We have LPG here, which is not cryogenic and a very 
smaller storage. Is there a future plan to replace it with a larger cryogenic storage? 
Murad Moledina: 
We already have a cryogenic in Mumbai. That was the first cryogenic terminal in India that was 
built in 1997. Yes, but expansion, always possible if we find the land. If we are able to find the 
land, yes. That's always a possibility. I never say no to anything. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Vakharia from Budhrani Finance Limited. 
Chirag Vakharia: 
Sir, just wanted to get a sense from you in the distribution segment, sir, don't you think that 25% 
growth is conservative, the way the volumes are moving? 
Murad Moledina: 
No, no. I've never said 25% for distribution. 
Chirag Vakharia: 
I mean, where I'm coming from is... 
Murad Moledina: 
Logistics piece. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Chirag Vakharia: 
So the throughput side, you said that you have 20%, 25% volume can grow. Wouldn't it be more 
in distribution side? 
Murad Moledina: 
Absolutely. It will be more. 
Chirag Vakharia: 
So sir, can you give some insight what... 
Murad Moledina: 
For sure. But yes, I've already said that it will definitely be more than 25%. We have ourselves 
said that we want to reach 2 million in probably next year or the year next. We are aiming high. 
We already, like I said, had delivered from 500,000 to 750,000 in last year. This year, we had 
expected to cross 1 million. Next year, maybe cross 1.5 million. So the rate is definitely more 
than 25%, maybe closer to 50% is what we look at. 
Chirag Vakharia: 
Okay. And this will happen via getting more and more into industrial distribution, correct, with 
more presence? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, you can say that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Mehta from InCred Equities. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Sir, in the presentation, you have mentioned about liquidity reserves in excess of INR5,940 
crores. I just went through the financial statements of different subsidiaries of Aegis. So there is 
-- on the stand-alone, there's a cash of INR2,700 crores; on SEAL, it's INR410 crores. Aegis 
Gas, which is a packed cylinder, it is INR840 crores. Aegis International has about INR306 
crores. So how are we going to be using this cash reserve for the capex that we have planned? 
Because it's in different, different entities. So how are we going to probably... 
Murad Moledina: 
So Aegis Vopak is self-funded. Aegis Vopak has its own funding, which is by equity. We have 
already agreed to dilute so that the funding happens so that the capex happens. And of course, 
when the equity comes in, you are also then eligible to borrow more. And then you do your 
journey of $5 billion. 
 
So that's there. We also like to maintain a fortress balance sheet. This business is a difficult 
business. We like to maintain a very healthy cash balance, and that's how INR5,900 crores you 
can see. We have even given where exactly in balance sheet it is placed on a consol basis. 
 
Obviously, you will not see this cash balance in AVTL where the capex is happening. What we 
also -- by maintaining this cash balance, we are also then looking at ways and means to deploy 
this, but we are never in a rush. It is not that we just simply use it. We like growth, but we don't 
-- we like growth, which results in profits because we are a very bottom line-driven company.  
 
So as and when we will get opportunities, whether organic or inorganic, other than AVTL 
because AVTL already has its sources of funds, we will deploy. Otherwise, we will hold. 
Because this is what we believe in a fortress balance sheet, which then enables you to do things 
which are truly big, huge and remarkable. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. And any capex in the downstream segment, especially in the, let's say, gas stations or 
expanding distribution since Aegis Gas has about INR840 crores of cash on the balance sheet? 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Murad Moledina: 
The best part is that distribution business right is a franchise-driven business. So the distribution 
assets is financed by the franchisee. So the beauty is that there is no capex, hardly any capex in 
distribution business and also absolutely very low working capital. So yes, wherever it is 
required, we will -- of course, we have enough firepower by way of cash to do so, but let the 
opportunity come. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Sir, what was the INR897 crores of -- INR870 crores of other income in Aegis Gas for FY '26? 
Murad Moledina: 
That is because Aegis Gas had sold off its holding in Hindustan Aegis, probably the capital gains 
arising on that, but that gets eliminated on consol basis. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, I think in June, there was an article that I read, which said that U.S. imports 
were -- sorry, India imports from the U.S. will -- has almost reached 1 million metric tons. So 
that shows that there is a mix shift towards long-haul VLGCs. And I think Aegis also is moving 
in that direction, making every port compliant. So does this help us gain market share in 
terminaling volumes? 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, because -- you have made a very good point. So when it comes from U.S., it's very large 
ships. So when it used to come and when it comes from Middle East, very large ships as well as 
small ships. So there are terminals in India, which can only handle small ships because their 
static capacity is less. But we stand in the market with very big capacity terminals, especially at 
Mangalore and Pipavav. 
 
So there -- and even Kandla for that matter, that we can unload an entire ship in one shot. So 
obviously, it helps because then it reduces the waiting time of the ship, it reduces demurrage, 
the it reduces the freight cost. Everything adds to the subsidy of the customer in case the 
efficiencies are not taken into consideration. 
Kunal Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, this year, I think in Aegis International also, there was a INR40 crores of 
EBITDA. Usually, we have around single digit. So I mean this was probably because of better 
sourcing and the geopolitical scenario, right? So going ahead, we should maintain at around 
INR4 crores to INR5 crores... 
Murad Moledina: 
Yes, do not go overboard, just do standard projections. 
Kunal Mehta: 
And sir, how much is the probably revenue at the Mumbai terminal for liquid and LPG? If you 
can give some ballpark number what -- at what terms? Because it will help us to just probably 
get a sense of how much Mumbai terminal? I know it is operating at 95% utilization. But 
probably what is the current tariff or the current terms that we get from this? 
Murad Moledina: 
Tariff is the same all over. We don't give splits and we maintain that. So yes, we don't do that. 
Kunal Mehta: 
And is it at around 70 tons? 
Murad Moledina: 
No, no. Historically, it has 90-plus tons. 
Moderator: 
And that was the last question for the day. On behalf of MUFG Intime, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 

 
Aegis Logistics Limited 
 
 
August 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Murad Moledina: 
Thank you. 
Raj Chandaria: 
Thank you. 
